nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2012-04-29	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2012 - 05:59 PM.
2	Ser Hippie	2012-05-06	Opening with the fall of Winterfell caught me by surprise. I did like Alfie Allen's petulant "I took it" as if he has to prove it even to Bran.
3	Baitac	2012-05-06	"Theon: Did you hate us the whole time?"
Why Theon, why?????? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4	Baitac	2012-05-06	Rickon!!
5	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-06	Opening with the fall of Winterfell caught me by surprise. I did like Alfie Allen's petulant "I took it" as if he has to prove it even to Bran.Yes! Hahaha, I thought the same about the "I took it"
6	Mya Stone	2012-05-06	That beheading was brutal to watch. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
7	Lady Olenna	2012-05-06	Wow. Was not expecting that.
8	lostinwesteros	2012-05-06	"Theon: Did you hate us the whole time?"Why Theon, why?????? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />And what a butcher!!!!  How many times did it take Theon to behead Ser Roderick?
9	Lady IronHeart	2012-05-06	THWAP!!!
"And now I've struck a king" 
Tyrion, you are truly a badass!!  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
10	lostinwesteros	2012-05-06	You
're all right now, Little Bird, you're all right.  -- San San!
11	Joshua Stevens	2012-05-06	And what a butcher!!!!  How many times did it take Theon to behead Ser Roderick?Believe this was just like the book. Thought it was awesome seeing him get pissed off!
12	Triskan	2012-05-06	The freaking Hound...
13	Ser Hippie	2012-05-06	Believe this was just like the book. Thought it was awesome seeing him get pissed off!Ser Rodrik is killed by Ramsay Snow/Bolton in the book, so this was a change (how much of one to the general story in the north we shall see). It was pretty fitting for him to take more than one stroke though (although Ser Rodrik probably wishes otherwise ;p)
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 06 May 2012 - 08:39 PM.
14	Mya Stone	2012-05-06	The freaking Hound...That was epicly badass.
15	Ser Hippie	2012-05-06	So we got Arya's second name. I have to admit I wouldn't mind a clip show of Jaqen killing people in random/hillarious ways.
16	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-06	Oh god Theon...
17	Joshua Stevens	2012-05-06	Ser Rodrik is killed by Ramsay Snow/Bolton in the book, so this was a change (how much of one to the general story in the north we shall see). It was pretty fitting for him to take more than one stroke though (although Ser Rodrik probably wishes otherwise ;p)I was speaking about the way he was killed. I thought there was someone Theon he had tried to behead and he had trouble and got pissed. Yes I do remember Ramsay killing Ser Rodrik. Did not expect to see him die so quickly, however I understand they have to speed things up and keep it fairly simple for some people. I have had to look at this show seperately from the books and just enjoy it although there have been changes. But having read the books first does give you a better understanding of what is going on.
18	Joshua Stevens	2012-05-06	Ygritte is a firecracker! I am loving her already.
19	Lady IronHeart	2012-05-06	YESSSS Ramsay!!!!!!! He's in!!!
20	Ser Hippie	2012-05-06	YESSSS Ramsay!!!!!!! He's in!!!And he'll be pleased to reclaim Winterfell /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I was speaking about the way he was killed.Edit: misread it.He executes Farlen in the books.He could not let the killings go unpunished. Farlen was as likely a suspect as any, so Theon sat in judgment, called him guilty, and condemned him to death. Even that went sour. As he knelt to the block, the kennelmaster said, â<U+0080><U+009C>Mâ<U+0080><U+0099>lord Eddard always did his own killings.â<U+0080><U+009D> Theon had to take the axe himself or look a weakling. His hands were sweating, so the shaft twisted in his grip as he swung and the first blow landed between Farlenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shoulders. It took three more cuts to hack through all that bone and muscle and sever the head from the body,Also, editing posts is a PITA
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 06 May 2012 - 09:07 PM.
21	Triskan	2012-05-06	Sophomoric comment of the day:
Jeyne is so freaking hot.  I would let her amputate my foot for a date.
ETA:  "My bastard at the Dreadfort."
Fuck.  Yes.
					
					
							Edited by Triskele, 06 May 2012 - 08:54 PM.
22	IronSuitor	2012-05-06	YESSSS Ramsay!!!!!!! He's in!!!Hardcore. I'm not currently watching, but I'm anticipating really enjoying this episode.
23	Joshua Stevens	2012-05-06	Is it just me or are they trying to make you feel sorry for Theon on the show? In the books he came off as a prick but in the show it is like he is the victim. Maybe it is just me. Any thoughts?
24	Greyjoy67	2012-05-06	Is it just me or are they trying to make you feel sorry for Theon on the show? In the books he came off as a prick but in the show it is like he is the victim. Maybe it is just me. Any thoughts?Yeah, he's more sympathetic in the show which makes it more tragic what he does. I think it's an improvement.
25	lostinwesteros	2012-05-06	WHO took the dragons???????  
And how was this episode over so quickly?  Best one yet, I think.
@ Joshua Stephens and Greyjoy07
					
					
							Edited by House of White and White, 06 May 2012 - 09:07 PM.
26	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-05-06	'tha fuck?!?!? What kind of craziness is this ending? I'm betting it was those foul warlocks who took the dragons. Can't wait til Drogon burns them down!
27	Horus Ex Machina	2012-05-06	Wait is Irri dead now?
28	Horus Ex Machina	2012-05-06	Wait is Irri dead now?
29	FaelaeshioDream	2012-05-06	Best episode ever!
Was wondering how they were going to avoid making Dany meh ... Interesting choice to kidnap the baby dragons.
30	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-05-06	Jaqen uses... poison darts?
31	Horus Ex Machina	2012-05-06	Wait is Irri dead now?
32	Lady Olenna	2012-05-06	Im lost... Stolen dragons??
33	J_Crews	2012-05-06	Naked Tonks ftw!!!
34	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	I enjoyed this episode a lot.  The Winterfell scenes were great.  Also very happy to hear that Ramsey hasn't entirely been cut.
I'm just waiting on the fan rage for the changes, particularly Dany's dragons being stolen.  I can't wait to read the bitching for a whole week.
35	Dracarya	2012-05-06	Such a strong episode. I held my breath while Roose was talking - finally, a mention of Ramsay! This makes me happier than I would have imagined /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
36	Terilien	2012-05-06	Sandor to Sansa: Come with me if you want to live! *terminator music*.
So cool.
37	Horus Ex Machina	2012-05-06	Damn server errors.  I didn't mean to post that three times.   That's a bit of a change there.  Who's going to say "It is known" now?
38	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	Duplicate.  Server problems.  Sorry.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 06 May 2012 - 09:12 PM.
39	akajea	2012-05-06	Wow, so fucking intense. Best episode yet! I knew the second half of the season would be insane, same as season 1.
40	Horus Ex Machina	2012-05-06	Naked Tonks ftw!!!I knew Natalia Tena had a nice body.
41	Horus Ex Machina	2012-05-06	I enjoyed this episode a lot.  The Winterfell scenes were great.  Also very happy to hear that Ramsey hasn't entirely been cut.I'm just waiting on the fan rage for the changes, particularly Dany's dragons being stolen.  I can't wait to read the bitching for a whole week.I have no problem with the stolen eggs, I'm just bitching about Irri dying.
42	towerofjoy	2012-05-06	I wonder if the person who betrayed Dani is Doreah. Whoever it was it, am guessing The warlocks have them and that's the reason she goes to the house of the undying. Big departure but makes sense, always wondered that no one tried this in the book.
43	congokong	2012-05-06	Glad to hear Ramsay will be in it. But as a purist, this season has been painful. The show only uses the books as a guideline now. Don't say it's because of "budget." Last season stayed very close to the books, and a lot of plots/scenes have been added. Most of the dialogue in the show now never happened in the books.
44	J_Crews	2012-05-06	Are you thinking of Rickard Karstark? Rodrik gets half his arm cut off by Ramsay when he shows up with the Dreadfort garrison and is killed as the Boltons begin attacking the rest of the Stark-loyal men. The botched beheading happened in the books too, I think, just not with Ser Rodrik obviously.  Also, it wasn't shown, IIRC.  I seem to remember Theon inwardly raging about beheading somebody and it taking more than one stroke and making him look bad.
45	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-06	This is so wrong. We're not going to see Dany's visions, only DRAKARIS and boom, no more Pyat Pree. Disgusting. I'm not angry because of the theft, just because of what it origined. I wanted to see Rhaegar, the Blue winter Roses and the Red Wedding. I don't want to HBO to kill every handmaid.
At least Ramsey is in. Good, I want to see him dead in the books and in the series. And there's hope for Jojen and Meera, that's very, very good. And the King's Landing scenes were great.
46	Ser Hippie	2012-05-06	The botched beheading happened in the books too, I think, just not with Ser Rodrik obviously.  Also, it wasn't shown, IIRC.  I seem to remember Theon inwardly raging about beheading somebody and it taking more than one stroke and making him look bad.Yeah, it was Farlen, after the hunt for the boys. I edited that post but with the server the way it is, it took an hour or so to go through.
47	Grumpy Midget	2012-05-06	BOOOOOO!!!!.  How dare they cut Jofferey-Slapfest 2.0 to just one slap.  Come on, he got at least three in season 1.
48	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	WHO took the dragons???????  Had to be the Warlocks.  I imagine that large tower is the House of the Undying.
49	FaelaeshioDream	2012-05-06	It is now a given that there are going to be big deviations from the books. I judge on whether they make the series better, worse, or just different. Tonight it was all better for me.
Shae/Sanza
Kidnapped dragons
Both improved the show. With all the serious action and excitement in the 7 kingdoms, Dany needed a thrill/ excitement boost to her storyline. Otherwise it can drag in this book.
50	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	Do we know for certain that Irri is dead?  If so they're really reducing her Khalasar to a handful of people.
Also, the reason I was so happy to hear that Roose's "bastard" hasn't been cut (even though he was never cast) is because it gives us hope that the Reeds will turn up next season too.  I imagine this season must somehow end with Bran and Rickon emerging from the crypts and we'll just see a helmeted Ramsey "take back" Winterfell.
51	House Snow	2012-05-06	This is so wrong. We're not going to see Dany's visions, only DRAKARIS and boom, no more Pyat Pree. Disgusting. I'm not angry because of the theft, just because of what it origined. I wanted to see Rhaegar, the Blue winter Roses and the Red Wedding. I don't want to HBO to kill every handmaid.At least Ramsey is in. Good, I want to see him dead in the books and in the series. And there's hope for Jojen and Meera, that's very, very good. And the King's Landing scenes were great.I'm pretty sure that whoever stole the dragons is going to the house of the undying, so she will probably pick them up there.
52	slowpoke	2012-05-06	Glad to hear Ramsay will be in it. But as a purist, this season has been painful. The show only uses the books as a guideline now. Don't say it's because of "budget." Last season stayed very close to the books, and a lot of plots/scenes have been added. Most of the dialogue in the show now never happened in the books.I definitely agree with this. I can't say I dislike this season because it has been amazing at times but I feel that they are just diverging from the books way too far this season compared to last season. I hope they pull it back a little closer as we get further in the season but I really doubt it will!
53	MSUMC25	2012-05-06	Stolen Dragons!  Those damn Warlocks!  Great twist away from the books.  I also love the Arya and Tywin interactions their personalities mesh and this is an improvement from the books in my opinion.  I'm also interested to see if Ramsey burns Winterfledt as soon as he takes it over or Robb's marrying that foreign girls springs it.  It's also interesting they aren't setting up Tywin using the Westerling Daughter to drive a wedge between the north and the Frey
54	MSUMC25	2012-05-06	Stolen Dragons!  Those damn Warlocks!  Great twist away from the books.  I also love the Arya and Tywin interactions their personalities mesh and this is an improvement from the books in my opinion.  I'm also interested to see if Ramsey burns Winterfledt as soon as he takes it over or Robb's marrying that foreign girls springs it.  It's also interesting they aren't setting up Tywin using the Westerling Daughter to drive a wedge between the north and the Frey's.
55	axels15	2012-05-06	This was by far my favorite episode of the season. I give it 9/10, but only because I don't think anything can be truly perfect.
The Good:
-Ygritte - I could not stop saying throughout the episode how much I liked her. What a great casting, I'm absolutely stunned. I found it a little strange for Jon to be separated from the other Nights Watch brothers, but I'm sure it'll work itself out in the end. As long as they don't change the real reason for Jon killing the HalfHand (Following orders) then I am completely fine with it
- Arya/Tywin/LittleFinger -I love those scenes, I really do, and even though I know LittleFinger never recognizes Arya, because it never happened in the books and would have been very difficult to explain, it was still nerve-wracking. It was done extremely well. (I say it could never happen, but considering Dany lost the Dragons, I suppose anything can happen?)
- Robb/'Talissa' - So we're setting her up to be a spy then, and actually probably is Jeyne Westerling? I'm fine with that, it makes sense to me, I enjoy it.
-Theon - Wow was that opening scene great or what? Just the facial expressions from Theon when deciding about Roderik, I couldn't help myself from feeling some strong sorrow and even, maybe, sympathy?
- The Riot Scene (and before) - More or less straight out of the books, correct? The anger from Tyrion, the stupidity of Joffrey, the savior-ness(?) of  The Hound, and the fear from Sansa were all portrayed wonderfully. When the Septon got torn apart... wow (Speaking of which, Theon cutting off Roderick's head was awesomely gory and a good juxtaposition to the man Ned executes at the beginning of season one
- Dany's first scene - Names escape me, but where she is requesting the ships - That man is wonderfully deviant and quite funny, and a little fierce too, when he wants to be. I think it was one of her best scenes in the show as well.
The  "I'm not sure yet"
-Pretty much just the dragons at the end. I don't have a problem with it, and it makes it interesting. It certainly adds more to the House of the Undying, yes?
The Bad
-None? 
The Interesting:
56	towerofjoy	2012-05-06	I think all the back-and-forth editing took away from the impact quite a bit. But did like the focus on all the Starks. 
1. Sansa beaten, almost raped and rescued by Sandor.
2. Arya spotted by Baelish, Lorch and rescued by Jaqen.
3. Bran and Rickon held captive by Theon and rescued by Osha
4. Robb beguiled by Talisa and rescued from temptation (for now) by his mom.
5. Jon beguiled by Ygritte and rescued from temptation (again for now!) by the cold.
57	lostinwesteros	2012-05-06	About the dragons -- I loved seeing two of their tails twitching as they were carried up the steps.  And, like someone else just said, I can't wait to see Drogon burn the bad guys to a crisp.I wonder if the person who betrayed Dani is Doreah. Whoever it was it, am guessing The warlocks have them and that's the reason she goes to the house of the undying. Big departure but makes sense, always wondered that no one tried this in the book.Yes, this was a big, big shock.  Can't believe Irri is dead - Great idea about it being Doreah.  I never thought of that, but it was absolutely set up in the last episode.Just like most have said, big, big changes from the books.  I think I can operate in both realities, though.  This show was great!
58	morillo	2012-05-06	Disappointed not seeing Jojen and Meera Reed.
59	House Snow	2012-05-06	To me the big wuestion is Dagmer=Ramsey?  How else does Bolton know everything that is going on in Winterfell.  Luwin sent his message before Rodrik was killed.
60	Independent George	2012-05-06	I let out a "woot!" when Roose mentioned his bastard son.
The riot scene was intense. Dismembering the High Septon was a bit much, though; I think the disembowelment and near-rape of a young girl was quite enough, thank you very much.
One change I didn't like was killing Ser Amory with the poison dart. It was a well-done scene on its own, but the great thing about Weese's death was that you were left scratching your head at how he got the dog to go nuts and kill his own master.
61	dtones520	2012-05-06	This is so wrong. We're not going to see Dany's visions, only DRAKARIS and boom, no more Pyat Pree. Disgusting. I'm not angry because of the theft, just because of what it origined. I wanted to see Rhaegar, the Blue winter Roses and the Red Wedding. I don't want to HBO to kill every handmaid.At least Ramsey is in. Good, I want to see him dead in the books and in the series. And there's hope for Jojen and Meera, that's very, very good. And the King's Landing scenes were great.I'm pretty sure that there was nothing that indicated no visions. All the scene was meant to do was to get Dany to the HOTU in an exciting way. Once she gets there Pyat Pree can tell her that if she wants her Dragons she can do what he says. Then she drinks shade of the evening, has visions and gets the Dragons back...then dracarys. Dead warlocks.Also, killing handmaids=not paying those actors next season which means money to pay other actors. No need to waste budget dollars on Irri, who plays no role in the book other than waiting on Dany, when you can use that on Edmure or Jojen or Meera or Ramsay.
62	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-06	First, it must be said. It is thee biggest elephant in the room. I saw Tonks' boobs. Stupefy.
I LOLed at how unimpressed Bran was when Theon, with his chest puffed out, gave him his wake up call. It was like Bran was two seconds away from hitting the snooze button and telling Theon to come back in 10 minutes. "God's help you Theon Greyjoy," indeed. RIP Ser Rodrik.
I enjoyed this episode. I'm waiting for the uproar over the Arya/Tywin bond, though, and how Tywin would never, ever, befriend a cup bearer, because he's Tywin and has no time for charming family anecdotes or unnecessary bowel movements -- once a day is plenty. Personally, I can't say I mind that Tywin is being humanized...even made likeable. I think it adds to the grayness of the show. And, the smile Arya let slip when complimented was also something I liked -- I think Arya got a rise out of being complimented by someone as capable as Tywin. She may hate him, but she respects him.
Also, I like how they're going about excusing her three choices...it's shades of the old "wasting 3 wishes" gag. "Damn it, Genie...I wish you would just shut up so I can think...wait, no, I don't wish that!" She was forced to use that "death wish" because of the situation. Littlefinger's appearance in this episode added some decent tension. And, I fully believe that he recognized Arya...and, just chose to keep it to himself. Why would he out Arya when knowledge is power, and outting Arya is giving up power? Can't wait to see where this goes.
Also liked the little tweaks to Ygritte/Jon's meeting. It feels a little more, I dunno, believable that Jon wouldn't allow Ygritte to leave...he just can't bring himself to kill her, so he'd rather try and carry her around as a prisoner. I think Rose Leslie will do well with the role.
Another Joff slap is always fun...add that to the reel. I will make this into a drinking game one day. Also, I like this friendship they're developing between Sansa and Shae. If nothing else, it will give Shae something to do...maybe even turn her into a better character than she was in the books. It'll make her later choices more difficult.
Heh, the Qarth Spice Merchant is good times. I'm sorry, but I kind of enjoyed how condescending he was to Dany. She needs it every so often. The dragon theft was an interesting non-book development...guess this is the GoT crew trying to invent things for Dany to do since she's pretty absent for so much of Clash.
We also got pretty good confrmation that Talisa is indeed a liar and most likely Jeyne. Did anyone see the letter Arya found on Tywin's table? Is Jeyne spying on Robb and sending intel to Tywin? It looks like she's up to no good. Oona Chaplin is hot.
And, thank you, Roose, for confirming that your psychotic bastard, Ramsay, will grace us with his fuckery. Can't wait.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 06 May 2012 - 09:33 PM.
63	SelaBela	2012-05-06	MAN this episode was awesome!  So strong! I loved every second, tbh.  I was on the edge of my seat for Arya/Tywin.  PHEW that was close.  I like the way they got the second name out of her without it being Tywin.  Petyr being there just had my heart in my throat for Arya.  I love that I don't know whats going to happen, CRUCIFY ME IF YOU MUST, PURISTS, but I actually am loving the changes.  Tyrion nailed it.
LOVED the San/San scenes (heart is bursting with happiness)!
Jon/Ygritte made me laugh so hard, loved it! I actually hated Ygritte in the books, but I might actually like this chick a bit.
64	Lord Belmore	2012-05-06	I was ready to be mad about Theon killing Rodrik instead of the Boltons, but Roose mentioning his bastard erased that from a deficit to a gain. We still get the Boltons, they'll still betray the Starks, but Theon takes out Rodrik as the more emotional choice. I didn't dislike anything else, so thumbs up to the episode. I do hope Daenerys still somehow gets her visions in the House of the Undying, but I didn't love it enough that its lack will ruin anything for me.
65	dtones520	2012-05-06	Did anyone else notice a potential Lollys sighting in the riot scene? There was a bigger girl getting her shirt ripped off and I immediately said LOLLYS!
66	Trebla	2012-05-06	That was a fabulous episode, perhaps the best so far this season. I enjoyed the deviations. Arya having to rush the kill of Lorch. Arya practically playing peek a boo with Littlefinger. I'm really enjoying her interaction with Tywin because it gives her an out for the most obvious question: why doesn't she use a kill on Tywin. It's harder to that without her inner dialogue.
I LOVE Yrgitte. She's a fantastic casting choice and I enjoyed her new scenes with Jon. Had to giggle at her grinding her ass into Jon. His balls are going to be blue for other reasons that being cold.
And the capper. The Case of the Missing Dragons!!! It gives Dany a lot more to do that just telling everybody she is the Blood of the Dragon/Mother of Dragons/Stormborn/Unburnt...
67	House Snow	2012-05-06	Funny park of the episode for me was when Jon was snuggling Ygritte, she started a sentece and I was so sure she was going to say you know nothing John snow and she said instead You're stupid. So close.
68	Triskan	2012-05-06	I LOVE Yrgitte. She's a fantastic casting choice and I enjoyed her new scenes with Jon. Had to giggle at her grinding her ass into Jon. His balls are going to be blue for other reasons that being cold.How dare you, Ser?!?!There are children on this board!
69	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-05-06	So if Dany's handmaidens are all dead then does that mean we won't have any girl on girl action on the ship to Slaver's Bay? /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
70	Laohu	2012-05-06	Uh... wtf just happened here at the end? I did not see that one coming. Guess Dany has more incentive to visit Pyat Pree at the HotU.
71	LuisDantas	2012-05-06	The changes were even deeper this time.  Mostly worked, however.
Theon - I love his lost look after butchering Rodrik.  I can almost hear he doubting he did it himself.  Maester Luwin and Bran had some great lines and delivery as well.  I particularly liked Bran's to-the-point question, and how even Theon himself seems to wonder if he always hated the Starks or if he does even now.  If only he had followed a bit more of Maester Luwin's advice.  I felt like telling him that in order to be respected as Lord of Winterfell he would have to show a willingness to follow the Northern ways of good will and show mercy at least at first.
ETA: oh, and Rodrik's last line was just perfect.  I found myself fully agreeing.
Daenerys - I never expected such a strong deviation from the books.  Still, the plot seems to be moving fast.
Jon - I disliked that Jon promised to kill Ygritte in this version of the tale.  It is surprising that he seems to have lost the other Rangers.  On the plus side, Jon and Ygritte have great chemistry on the screen.  I loved their scene together.
Robb - Great lines here as well.  Talisa does indeed amputate far better than she lies.  Maybe she _is_ a spy for Tywin?  I feel that we are expected to suspect so.
Tywin - The dislexia line caught me unaware.  I don't know what to make of Tywin as a parent after that.
Arya - Great justification for choosing Amory Lorch.  Arya probably expects to have some use as a spy for Robb and therefore would rather not ask for Tywin's head, particularly now that he has bonded somewhat with her.  Great scene with the book of Houses, as well.
Catelyn - She picked up on Robb's feelings the moment she saw him with Talisa.  I liked that.  I wish I could disagree with her reminder about Robb's duties.
Asha - I am not in love with the changes seen, but are they even changes at all?  They fit perfectly with Asha's pragmatism.
Roose Bolton - So now he is intentionally loosing Ramsay on Winterfell, and announcing that he is doing so?  Quite a change, although it might not have lasting consequences.
Petyr Baelish - Does the timeline in the books fit his suggestion that the Lannisters pursue an alliance with the Tyrells?  It does sound exactly like the sort of insidious counsel that he would give to weaken everyone else.
On that note, it is interesting that apparently the unholy magic used to kill Renly isn't such a secret in the TV show.   I have a feeling that we will have more clear reason to question Davos' opinion about Stannis here.  Which, of course, is a good thing - Stannis gets the "get out of prison free" card way too often.
ETA: I found myself wondering about Lollys.  Does she even exist in this continuity?  It could go either way.
A pity that the riot scene did not involve horses.  They would have added a lot.  Budgets are a sad reality.
					
					
							Edited by LuisDantas, 06 May 2012 - 09:46 PM.
72	Triskan	2012-05-06	Is it OK to discuss the scenes from the next episode in this thread, or should that go to the E7 section?
73	Joshua Stevens	2012-05-06	WHO took the dragons???????  And how was this episode over so quickly?  Best one yet, I think.@ Joshua Stephens and Greyjoy07 Wow!!!! Never seen that coming and don't have a clue who took them! Anybody else have any suggestions. Think they added this to give Dany more scenes since so few in the books.
74	axels15	2012-05-06	One change I didn't like was killing Ser Amory with the poison dart. It was a well-done scene on its own, but the great thing about Weese's death was that you were left scratching your head at how he got the dog to go nuts and kill his own master.I'd argue that it's pretty damn impressive for him to get that blow dart into him without anyone seeing, I mean, that hallway can't have been too big. Maybe not supernatural, but damn talented
75	MSUMC25	2012-05-06	Talissa = Jeyne this makes so much sense how'd I miss that.  Anyways this is a way better set up than in the books.  Glad Ramsey will make an appearance and piss off everyone who hasnt read the books.  Dreaming of Jon Snow putting a sword through his head.
76	Baitac	2012-05-06	Lorch's entrance/exit was fantastic! Too bad this wonderful relationship will end soon. Or will it?
77	dtones520	2012-05-06	I got a bit teary eyed in the first scene. The kid playing Bran did such as awesome job acting in that scene. Really, really, great job. The kids are amazing in general.
78	J_Crews	2012-05-06	The riot scene was intense. Dismembering the High Septon was a bit much, though; I think the disembowelment and near-rape of a young girl was quite enough, thank you very much.That was how he died in the book as well; ripped apart by the mob.
79	teemo	2012-05-06	Favorite episode of the season.  And a Bolton bastard was mentioned...yesssss!!!
80	J_Crews	2012-05-06	I'm pretty sure that there was nothing that indicated no visions. All the scene was meant to do was to get Dany to the HOTU in an exciting way. Once she gets there Pyat Pree can tell her that if she wants her Dragons she can do what he says. Then she drinks shade of the evening, has visions and gets the Dragons back...then dracarys. Dead warlocks.Also, killing handmaids=not paying those actors next season which means money to pay other actors. No need to waste budget dollars on Irri, who plays no role in the book other than waiting on Dany, when you can use that on Edmure or Jojen or Meera or Ramsay.Agreed.  Irri is/was dead weight.  I hope Doreah wasn't the culprit, as some are suggesting, however... she's so adorable, I'd like to keep her for a while longer.
81	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-06	How was a Doreah betrayal hinted at last week?  I missed that.
Also add my thumbs up to the Dragon-napping.  Biggest on screen deviation so far, but the meanderings of Dany in Essos need some spicing up.  Bring it on.
82	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	I definitely agree that while the story was changed - the essence of the characters and of the story have been true to what Martin created and that is what is important.  I'm glad others are able to see that and appreciate it instead of complaining about all the changes.
83	Laohu	2012-05-06	I'd argue that it's pretty damn impressive for him to get that blow dart into him without anyone seeing, I mean, that hallway can't have been too big. Maybe not supernatural, but damn talentedThe Faceless Men are best at what they do. I think we can all agree on that!
84	HokieStone	2012-05-06	That beheading was brutal to watch. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Even more brutal...just as it happened, and Rodrik's head was rolling across the ground - I hear my 7 year old son - who had apparently snuck out of his bed, and down the stairs without me hearing him, standing behind me asking "Daddy, what are you watching?"  Aw shit..."What did you see, son?"  "Um...I saw a man cutting off another man's head".  Fuck.  Guess I'll be reading the board at 3:00 AM tonight after I deal with his nightmares...
85	PhoenixFlame	2012-05-06	Scenes that got the biggest reactions from me:
- The Riot. I LOVED how Tyrion was realizing "Oh no shit's going down" and got Tommen out of there. Joffrey's eruption was perfect. I also thought they captured Tyrion's own panic really well. He's usually so calm and put together but I don't care how badass you are, an angry mob is scary. He sounded like he was about to have a heart attack. Oh and SAN-SAN!!! At long last!!! I also loved how he started dragging Joffrey away. So undignified XD.
- The opening. Agreed, I almost expected Bran to be "LOL! Stop messing around!" when Theon entered. Then his hysteria and Theon's face as he hacked Rodrik's head off...wow. 
- Tywin's room. I loved the detail about Jaime being dyslexic. Question -- do twins commonly share problems like that? I wonder if Cersei is dyslexic too but no one bothered with her because she was a girl. (at least in TV canon) And Arya's self-satisfied smile was perfect, as was her question about Tywin's father. 
- The assassination. Jaquen's face was pure gold when Arya barked "NOW!" Then the dart...wow, I was in hysterics.
- Bastards! I squeed when Roose said his son would be honored to drive Theon out. But now I'm curious as to when Roose is going to betray Robb and Ramsay take Winterfell. Or maybe Robb thinks Ramsay has taken Winterfell purely under orders and is just waiting out a snow storm or something to bring in Theon. While of course Ramsay has torched it. 
- Osha! Tonks busting the kiddos out was awesome. And we got a glimpse of Shaggydog! Loved it when she slit the guys' throat -- great shot of her with her arm out, looking like a ninja.
- Mr. Spicer. He's fierce. I loved how he totally schools Dany. I don't hate Dany like some do, but I giggle nonstop when she gets taken down a peg.
86	JonHo	2012-05-06	I dont understand why Irri had to die. Doreah dies in the books, so why not kill her off? I mean, what?
87	Triskan	2012-05-06	The ending of the opening Theon scene almost feels reminiscent of Anakin's final conversion to the dark side in E3 of Star Wars.  It feels like he's giving up his soul, especially with Ser Rodrick's final words. 
But there's still hope for some redemption for Theon.
88	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-06	I'm pretty sure that whoever stole the dragons is going to the house of the undying, so she will probably pick them up there.I'm pretty sure that there was nothing that indicated no visions. All the scene was meant to do was to get Dany to the HOTU in an exciting way. Once she gets there Pyat Pree can tell her that if she wants her Dragons she can do what he says. Then she drinks shade of the evening, has visions and gets the Dragons back...then dracarys. Dead warlocks.Also, killing handmaids=not paying those actors next season which means money to pay other actors. No need to waste budget dollars on Irri, who plays no role in the book other than waiting on Dany, when you can use that on Edmure or Jojen or Meera or Ramsay.As it was implied, I know she will go to the House of the Undying. But I hope I'm wrong, I really hope because I want to see her visions. But I feel we're not that lucky, since she'll go there in rage. It would make no sense for her to drink the Shade of the Evening, too dangerous for her, since they have her dragons. OK, that made "no sense" in the books too, but she had her dragons.Ned's dream were cut, so, maybe Dany's visions were too /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />About "Why anyone tried it?" that someone asked in the thread, she was at Xaro's, he had good guards and HE wanted her dragons, so, he wanted them safe.
89	Horus Ex Machina	2012-05-06	Agreed.  Irri is/was dead weight.  I hope Doreah wasn't the culprit, as some are suggesting, however... she's so adorable, I'd like to keep her for a while longer.Dead weight?!  I don't get this.  I loved Irri.  She was Daenary's link to her Dothraki side.  I'd much rather have seen Doreah go.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 07 May 2012 - 05:56 AM.
90	Laohu	2012-05-06	Theon's last kick to detach the head from the torso was graphic as hell.
91	dtones520	2012-05-06	I dont understand why Irri had to die. Doreah dies in the books, so why not kill her off? I mean, what?Because the chick playing Doreah is hotter/a better actress. Plus, who knows what the girl playing Irri's schedule looked like. Maybe, she couldn't continue with the series like the guy playing Rakharo.And it's not like Irri, Jhiqui or Doreah are important characters. They are hand maids. You don't need three. One accomplishes everything three does. Plus, Doreah taught Dany her sexy styles with Drogo, why not her be the one to finger bang Dany later?
92	JonHo	2012-05-06	Haha are u serious? So just because she's hotter? Oh my god thats fucking retarted. and no, the actress who played Irri was a good actress. And she said in an interview that Irri's death came as a shock and she was free to do Game of Thrones.
93	J_Crews	2012-05-06	Dead weight?!  I don't get this.  I loved Irri.  She was Daenary's link to her Dothraki side.  Now there's little keeping her from being totally Westerosi/Andal.Dead weight, as in she does nothing that has any bearing on the narrative whatsoever, even after 5 books.  She's window-dressing and her salary gobbles show budget-money better spent on other things, imo.
94	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-06	Oh, this post is just to tell that I liked the episode. I'm questioning just what the theft could have originated but if Dany's visions were not cut, them the episode was like 8.5/10. Ygritte was excelente even considering the changes. Osha is hot, we saw Shaggy and Rickon talked!
Jaqen was awesome as well. Tywin is still a bit soft for me but his scenes with Arya are amazing, completely amazing.
					
					
							Edited by Cheese Pudding, 06 May 2012 - 10:23 PM.
95	Francis Buck	2012-05-06	Best episode yet. I honestly do not understand how someone can say these changes were negative; by doing so you're basically just claiming that GRRM's story is completely perfect and cannot be altered whatsoever in any way. Having the dragons be stolen adds an awesome boost to Dany's storyline that was sorely needed. You can tell that they're really going to be make the HotU intense and very important to Dany's story this season. And the alterations to Theon's subplot only served to make his arc even more tragic and powerful than it was. Alfie Allen's acting this season has easily been in the top five of the show; he really just adds a whole new dimension to that plot. And beyond anything else...Ramsay has been confirmed! How can you not be fucking psyched about that?
96	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-06	Are you guys sure Irri is dead? I didn't see blood. It could be that she's just unconscious. I'll have to rewatch.
97	nara	2012-05-06	Overall, okay with the changes they made in this episode. 
The dyslexia thing was strange, but I like that it showed Tywin's true affection for Jaime.  It makes a good contrast for his relationship with Tyrion. 
The riot scene was great.  I thought that Sophie did a fantastic job acting the attack scene--it was pretty frightening.  I miss Lollys, but considered what happened to her, it's probably just as well that they left her out.  I also thought it was better on horses, but I can spare the expense if it saves a character.
Love the Dany ending.  Unexpected!  I'm sure they'll tie it back to her story somehow.
I like the Robb/Jeyne changes.  We don't see them fall in love in the books, so it explains his actions better.
Not sure I liked...
The Littlefinger/Arya peekaboo.  He seemed to recognize her, but would he let her go if he caught her?  I don't think so--he'd keep track of her.
Sansa and Shae as friends, but that could be because I don't like Shae...
I don't remember LC Mormont telling Jon to obey Quorin without question.  It looks like they may leave out the fight where Jon has to prove himself by pretending to be a turncloak.  That would be a real pity because it's so critical to his character development.  Hopefully, that will turn up in the next episode.
98	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-06	I definitely agree that while the story was changed - the essence of the characters and of the story have been true to what Martin created and that is what is important.  I'm glad others are able to see that and appreciate it instead of complaining about all the changes.Indeed. Accept and be appreciative for the wonderful bounty of HBO goodness that we have recieved for our fandom.
99	J_Crews	2012-05-06	Are you guys sure Irri is dead? I didn't see blood. It could be that she's just unconscious. I'll have to rewatch.I just read an interview with the actress.  She's dead as dead gets.
100	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-05-06	A dark-haired and dark-eyed Volantene noblewoman?  Gosh, this show is throwing world-building right out the window.  This, along with the Spice King's comment about the "silver-
					
					
							Edited by HoriA¶tha, 06 May 2012 - 10:28 PM.
101	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	Dead weight?!  I don't get this.  I loved Irri.  She was Daenary's link to her Dothraki side.  Now there's little keeping her from being totally Westerosi/Andal.I do have to agree with this.  While I don't really care that Irri is gone (I never could distinguish her handmaidens in the book) they do seem to be forcing Dany to neglect her Dothraki side.  And they seem to be knowingly do it.  Last week we had the "she is not a princess, she is a khaleesi!" and then we had the "oh silly Dothraki, we can't steal his statues" bit.  Besides having her khalasar significantly reduced they seem to be breaking her bonds with the Dothraki completely -- which will be interesting come her final scene in ADwD.
102	Trebla	2012-05-06	I thought the dyslexia story really added extra depth to Tywin. I've always found him to be one of the most fascinating characters in the story. Not likable, mind you, but interesting. in the books we learned that Tytos Lannister was a laughingstock and a teenaged Tywin had to extinguish two Houses to bring back respect to House Lannister.In the show tonight Tywin remarked that his father was loving but weak.This story showed that Tywin instead had to be hard for the sake of the family. I'm quite sure Jaime did hate Tywin for forcing him to sit four hours a day trying to read rather than being in the training yard or staring at his twin. But this episode showed how useless an unlettered commander can be.
103	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-06	A dark-haired and dark-eyed Volantene noblewoman?  Gosh, this show is throwing world-building right out the window.  This, along with the Spice King's comment about the "silver-You can't possibly still think Talisa is Talisa from Volantis after the scene tonight. She's clearly hiding her identity. Beyond that, Volantis isn't exactly an integral aspect of the Ice and Fire series. I don't think altering the color palette of its people is all that detrimental to anything. It's one thing to make Dany raven-haired, it's pretty inconsequential to make a Volantene one.
104	Triskan	2012-05-06	I thought the dyslexia story really added extra depth to Tywin. I've always found him to be one of the most fascinating characters in the story. Not likable, mind you, but interesting. in the books we learned that Tytos Lannister was a laughingstock and a teenaged Tywin had to extinguish two Houses to bring back respect to House Lannister.In the show tonight Tywin remarked that his father was loving but weak.This story showed that Tywin instead had to be hard for the sake of the family. I'm quite sure Jaime did hate Tywin for forcing him to sit four hours a day trying to read rather than being in the training yard or staring at his twin. But this episode showed how useless an unlettered commander can be.I may be reaching here, but it also lends itself to Jaime's tireless work ethic when he keeps working w/ Ser Ilyn to get his left-handed skills caught up with his right.
105	LuisDantas	2012-05-06	A late thought:: Shae seems to be more central to the story now.  I wonder if she will take some of the Queen of Thorn's role, particularly later on.
106	kg1982	2012-05-06	Heh, the Qarth Spice Merchant is good times. I'm sorry, but I kind of enjoyed how condescending he was to Dany. She needs it every so often. The dragon theft was an interesting non-book development...guess this is the GoT crew trying to invent things for Dany to do since she's pretty absent for so much of Clash.It's good that certain things, such as Dany being an awful ruler have been clarified earlier in the series.  The Spice King scene sort of reminded me of Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
107	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-06	I just read an interview with the actress.  She's dead as dead gets.This is sad. If only because who will still be around to tell us what is known?
108	Seed	2012-05-06	What's up with Osha and why is her head always crooked over to the side?
109	Dark Night Full of Ninjas	2012-05-06	Awesome episode tonight! Though, I am thoroughly disturbed by some scenes (i.e. Theon's brutal killing of Ser Rodrik, Sansa almost getting raped (but the Hound saves the day!...for her anyway)). Don't get me wrong, I don't think they were bad scenes. They just left me utterly shocked and wanting to cry /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> All the actors did an awesome job!
I loved Arya and Tywin's exchange. And the possibility of Littlefinger recognizing Arya had my heart in my throat. The fact that many people have been wondering where in the world she went, and then Littlefinger possibly recognizing her? Could be exciting, and interesting to see what will happen. And I'm LOVING the guy who plays Jaqen! I'm gonna be sad to see him go. There's just something about him...
Loved Osha acting the ninja! /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
Dany's ending was interesting, I thought. I know the dragons weren't stolen in the books, but could be interesting to see what happens. Kinda sad to see that much of her khalasar "horde" has been decimated
110	Laohu	2012-05-06	All of these scenes with Tywin and Arya catches me offguard. I am supposed to hate this man for what he did to Tyrion, but I cannot help but like him at the moment with his backstory he discusses with Arya. Show me Tyrion and Tywin scenes again so I can remember why I am supposed to hate this man!
111	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-06	A late thought:: Shae seems to be more central to the story now.  I wonder if she will take some of the Queen of Thorn's role, particularly later on.Margaery is going to take the Queen of Thorn's role. When she said "I want to be the queen" it was clear to me. I don't know if she will take Olenna's role in the Purple Wedding, but she won't need her grandma to tell her that Joffrey is not worth and etc.But Shae seems to grow in importance, that's true and that's good. I'd like to see her more with Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by Cheese Pudding, 06 May 2012 - 10:45 PM.
112	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	You can't possibly still think Talisa is Talisa from Volantis after the scene tonight. She's clearly hiding her identity. Beyond that, Volantis isn't exactly an integral aspect of the Ice and Fire series. I don't think altering the color palette of its people is all that detrimental to anything. It's one thing to make Dany raven-haired, it's pretty inconsequential to make a Volantene one.I agree that Talisa is much more mysterious this week after the spy comments and that piece of parchment she had in her hands, but I read the Westeros interview with Richard Madden and he certainly suggested, if not out right said, that the characters name was changed to Talisa.   They originally asked "Was she Jeyne at the start of filming or was her name already changed by the time cameras started rolling" and Madden said "I think it was something else, but by the time we started filming it was Talisa." That certainly seems to suggest that her name at least is Talisa.  I don't see why, if she's hiding her identity, that she would give her real name but lie about where she's from.  I could be wrong, and I hope I am.
113	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-06	God I wish I had HBO...won't be able to watch till tomorrow morning most likely....
114	Triskan	2012-05-06	All of these scenes with Tywin and Arya catches me offguard. I am supposed to hate this man for what he did to Tyrion, but I cannot help but like him at the moment with his backstory he discusses with Arya. Show me Tyrion and Tywin scenes again so I can remember why I am supposed to hate this man!This is part of the genius of ASOIAF, and Dave and Dan undoubtedly get it.  With a few exceptions (Ramsey, Joffrey, The Goat), everyone is grey.  See them from another angle and you see them in a truly different light.
115	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-05-06	Freaking. Loved it.
Dad texted me earlier (we watch it together, but are seperated by a couple states during most of the year) and said "I don't remember the dragons being stolen" before I had watched the episode. So I went in to it knowing that would happen, but not why.
Honestly, I loved the change. It gave Dany something to do, and really ramped up her plot line. Canon? No. Great TV? Absolutely.
Loves:
Bran. The whole 'taking of Winterfell" scene was fantastic. I loved his pointed question at Theon.
Theon - so I hate the guy, but his acting was superb, and although it was awful to watch I thought his killing of Rodrik was really important to show just how inexperienced he is at this.
Arya/Tywin - may not be canon, but I really love this whole development of Tywin.
Dany being schooled by the Spice Merchant - priceless.
The Mob - I thought it was great. Sure, there were supposed to be horses, but I forgot that in the moment of being scared shitless for Sansa. Glad they finally got the Hound in - "little bird!"
Tyrion slapping Joffrey is always one for the money.
Myrcella - thought her goodbye scene was great. Really struck home with Cersei's threat.
Jon/Ygritte - wasn't sure where they were going with that, but I quite like the actress. Loved her shimmy up against him hahaha
Didn't have a dislike really. Loved this whole episode.
					
					
							Edited by AnikaUnderfoot, 06 May 2012 - 11:21 PM.
116	J_Crews	2012-05-06	This is sad. If only because who will still be around to tell us what is known?Har!
117	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-06	I agree that Talisa is much more mysterious this week after the spy comments and that piece of parchment she had in her hands, but I read the Westeros interview with Richard Madden and he certainly suggested, if not out right said, that the characters name was changed to Talisa.   They originally asked "Was she Jeyne at the start of filming or was her name already changed by the time cameras started rolling" and Madden said "I think it was something else, but by the time we started filming it was Talisa."That certainly seems to suggest that her name at least is Talisa.  I don't see why, if she's hiding her identity, that she would give her real name but lie about where she's from.  I could be wrong, and I hope I am.I saw that interview as well, but for one, I doubt Richard Madden would give away her true name if it will be a major plot point later on. Plus, don't forget the part of the interview where he says she has a "second" name, which he had a hard time pronouncing. I can't imagine he'd have a hard time pronouncing Jeyne, but who knows.
118	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	I saw that interview as well, but for one, I doubt Richard Madden would give away her true name if it will be a major plot point later on. Plus, don't forget the part of the interview where he says she has a "second" name, which he had a hard time pronouncing. I can't imagine he'd have a hard time pronouncing Jeyne, but who knows.I figured that just meant her last name that she said in this episode that even I would have a hard time repeating.  But I suppose it could mean Jeyne, even though that seems pretty straight-forward.
119	Seed	2012-05-06	Tywin - The dislexia line caught me unaware.  I don't know what to make of Tywin as a parent after that.Friend of mine informed me that people with dislexia oftentimes are ambidextrious...there may be hope for Jamie after all.
120	Seed	2012-05-06	And what's with Osha?  Why is her head always cocked to one side?  That's strange acting.
121	Laohu	2012-05-06	The Spice King scene sort of reminded me of Monty Python and the Holy Grail.Speaking of the Spice King, has anyone else thought of Vizzini from "The Princess Bride" when you hear the Spice King talk? They both have that same whiny voice at times. Maybe that was a bit of a stretch... Oh well!
122	Triskan	2012-05-06	Speaking of the Spice King, has anyone else thought of Vizzini from "The Princess Bride" when you hear the Spice King talk? They both have that same whiny voice at times. Maybe that was a bit of a stretch... Oh well!Inconceivable!
123	turdle	2012-05-06	thought this was a great episode, loved theon, loved the riot. my only complaint is the scene with little finger. why is little finger so interested in trying to look at who this cupbearer is? it didn't make any sense. i get that you want to have some tension, but it was over the top, seemed like a comedy routine.
124	J_Crews	2012-05-06	Speaking of the Spice King, has anyone else thought of Vizzini from "The Princess Bride" when you hear the Spice King talk? They both have that same whiny voice at times. Maybe that was a bit of a stretch... Oh well!He'd need a pretty pronounced lisp too, but I get what you're saying.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 06 May 2012 - 11:04 PM.
125	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-05-06	Lack of sex! - not a prude, but that was great. 2 weeks in a row, woot! (not counting that boob flash of potential Lollys)Just "implied sex" this week. Obviously Osha and Theon weren't jus lying naked in bed together. Loved Theon's line when he first sees her naked! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
126	Rockroi	2012-05-06	I just get the feeling that the show does not know why we all liked the books so much.  I mean itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not â<U+0080><U+009C>you-canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t-improve-on-perfectionâ<U+0080><U+009D> or anything like that; more like that scene in Annie Hall- I just want to be standing in line and pull out George RR Martin and have him say â<U+0080><U+009C>You know nothing about my work.â<U+0080><U+009D>  But, alas, life is not that easy.Anywayâ<U+0080>¦ here is what I liked this week:The Taking of Winetrfell 1,2,3:  SEE!!!  Not every scene needs 12 scenes to set up!  You start with a quick bit of dialog, you advance to Rodrick saying that Torren Square is under attack then BOOM!  Theon is in Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bedroom.  That all made sense!  We didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need a 20 minute set up or plot advancement.  We all knew what was going on.  Now, I will say that getting Ser Rodrick back into the castle lookedâ<U+0080>¦ lame (it was we can all admit it- one guy on a horse- just looked sadâ<U+0080>¦ and â<U+0080>¦ do, what, like 12 people live in Winterfell? )  Everything advanced naturally after that- Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dialog (â<U+0080><U+009C>Did you always hate us?â<U+0080><U+009D>), Oshaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actions, the escape etc- it all made perfect, unvarnished sense.  Tight writing, quick scenes, snappy dialog- AND DONE!  That was fast writing (again, Cassellâ<U+0080><U+0099>s entrance was very sloppy), but very good.And watching Theon kick his head offâ<U+0080>¦ that was just brutal.The Tywin and Arya Show:  I could honestly watch the two of them for like 3 hours straight.  I actually walk up to my TV whenever they are on the screen.  Amazing shit.  They are writing these scenes with good material from the books but cut deeply with materials that they are making up.  AND ITS WORKING!  Both characters (and actors) are hitting such incredible points and making it all so believable.   And then they added Littlefinger and it was all good.  I mean at this rate, I just want to watch them!  Look, letâ<U+0080><U+0099>s say HBO just wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do the whole series but they settle on this format- Tywin and Arya have various characters from A Song of Ice and Fire visit them and they engage in random banter.   Tell me you would not watch that!  Fuck, just Tywin sits there, grills them out while Arya runs circles around them.  One week it would be Doran Martell, the next The crossbow kid from the Inn, then Viserion: this would work!  You would watch every episode!  And maybe we would see Jaime again!  (and didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know Jaime was dyslexic)The Hound: So, again, there are some scenes that just need to work or the show fails.  One of them was the beheading at Baelorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s; another was the Shadowbaby, etc.  Those scenes HAVE to work or they make us knowâ<U+0080>¦ something is not right (see: Renly and Stannis negotiation scene).  Well one of those scenes was the riot at Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing and the rise of King Bread (ha!  I kill me).  The show captured the complete chaos of that scene- it made us all fear the tinderbox of KL and the unsteady hold this family has on its people.  When that crowd went ballistic, we all believed it.  That scene hummed along exactly as we had pictured it in our brains (with minor changes that do not bother anyone- no horses, and I am not sure how much strength it takes to rip a human arm off another person).  Tyrion and Joff were both incredible.  That scene fucking worked.  And then they were raping Sansa.  And for a moment I was like, â<U+0080><U+009C>I think they are going to show Sansa getting raped.  And I really, really do not want them to rape Sansa.  I really do not need to see that.  I really want this to not happen.â<U+0080><U+009D>   And just when I thought it would happen, Darth Fucking Vader walked in and stared making mother-fuckers dead.  He ripped out guts, slashed throats and otherwise made men turn into bags of meat.  And for a moment we all remembered why we know the Hound is the Hound.  The carry-back and the â<U+0080><U+009C>I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t do it for youâ<U+0080><U+009D> was all amazing.  Top fucking moment right there.  Robb Stark: Gotta hand it to him: the guy acts like a King.  And at this point watching that Volantis chick walk away, I almost canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t blame him for the whole "fuck up the Freys thing." Almost (see below).What I am Not Sure About:The New Adventures of Old Dany Targaryen: Okay so blah blah blahâ<U+0080>¦ going to see this guy â<U+0080>¦ blah blah blahâ<U+0080>¦ going to see that guy â<U+0080>¦ blah blah blah â<U+0080>¦ richest man in Qarth, worked on docks, told us all of this before... blah blah blah.  you are angry and you foam at the mouthâ<U+0080>¦ blah blah blah â<U+0080>¦ come back and the dragons have been kidnapped.  I know â<U+0080><U+0093> this was what I was supposed to think: NOoooo!!!!! Not her dragons!  She loves them like children (even though we have never really seen them together) and they are her pride and joy!!! NO!!!!!  Here is what I actually thought: Mother fucker!  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />When is this waste of time going to end?!  Why do we need to go through this when we know that the dragons will â<U+0080><U+009C>soon be back in her handsâ<U+0080><U+009D> (second DV reference today).â<U+0080><U+009D>  I groaned out loud.But here is my â<U+0080><U+009C>glass-is-half-fullâ<U+0080><U+009D> justification: Dany has to do something.  Look, in Clash, Dany has, literally, 5 chapters in the whole book (by contrast Tyrion has 15).  And in those chapters she does next to nothing until the House of the Undying. And even there itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all kinda amorphous and shrouded.  This (really lame) kidnapping plot is the ONLY way they can keep Dany in the show without making us wonder why she is in the show in the first place. I am willing to let this one play out.  Shae Didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Suck Out Loud And Make Me Want To Kill Puppies:  Brief, quick, stayed on point, not silly dialog and even made a cogent point that shows she is going to eventually betray Tyrion.  Perfectly fine.  I hope I can avoid her for the rest of the season.  Cat Stark Back In Camp:  I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think I trust this.  How is Robb supposed to make the most boneheaded decision in the book if his mom is constantly around him and warning him?  I am a little bit uneasy about this.  What I Did Not Like:In Defense Of My Sex:  Look, after watching Robb Stark be around girls and act like an idiot, but more importantly Theon with Osha, Jon with Ygritte and the guard with Osha (and add to that in prior episodes, Stannis with Mal), I just want to say this:You know that if you simply rub up against a man we donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t all turn fucking stupid, right?  I mean, watching Jon be afraid of a woman moving near him with 18 layers between them (seriously- if you rub up against a fully clothed man dressed for winter it doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t automatically turn hard and make you want to fuck everything in sight) and then watching every Ironman look at Osha like they were all diabetic and she had the insulin wedged in her tits, all I could think of was, â<U+0080><U+009C>I would totally fuck thatâ<U+0080><U+009D> â<U+0080><U+009C>The idea that men are just fucking idiots is totally cool with everyone.â<U+0080><U+009D>  I can understand some things, but the guard?  They JUST took the castle!  This guy ainâ<U+0080><U+0099>t thinking, â<U+0080><U+009C>There is a chance somebody may try to knife me because that is totally what I would do to them"?!  And remember- Ironborn!  He knows who Asha (or Yaya or whatever the fuck her name) is!  This guy just thinks every women he just kidnapped wants to fuck him?I know its pretty identical to the books, but I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like it there either.  I just feel the need to say that all men are not dick-led idiots.  The Land Of Always Wasting My Time: So this is what we are doing with Ygritte?  Turning it into a misguided kidnapping where Jon Snow has to lamely chase her?  And why is he chasing her?  Why do we need this?  Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t you just do all this later?  WHAT THE FUCK!?  This is empty space!  Wasted Time!  This is time I could be spending watching Jaime (remember him!?!) or Stannis or any in a long line of characters who do not make me want to throw my TV into a lake!See, in the books, we know WITH ONE LINE OF DIALOG why Jon didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t kill Ygritte.  We get it- he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want to kill a woman.  Got it!  DONE!  Simple, economy of time.  The show?  He strikes on the rock and instead of him saying (in a compassionate, humane way that would make us all try to empathize with this GIGANTIC walking clichA©) â<U+0080><U+009C>Goâ<U+0080>¦ before I change my mind, Ygritteâ<U+0080><U+009D> she jumps away and HE CHASES HER?  WTF FOR?! ! !  He just let her go?  Why is he chasing somebody he just let go?  It makes him look indecisive, weak, confused and WASTES OUR TIME!  And it makes no sense.  At all.So, instead of making Jon Snow a human being the show made him an unclear plot devise.  Well done, A Game of Thrones: you somehow made me hate Jon Snow even more than I did in the books.   And that was no easy feat.  Starting to Be Like Dragon Claws on a Blackboard (and in Defense of the Other Sex):  Just a little bit of advice to the writers: not everything that comes out of Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s (time wasting) mouth has to make her sound crazy.  Okay?  Why does she have to end EVERY sentence with â<U+0080><U+009C>I will burn (insert name of area or person here) to the ground!â<U+0080><U+009D>   Its distracting, its TOTALLY UNREALISTIC and its foolish.And this- how come every woman we have met in power has to sound like that?  Dany, Cersei and a little bit with Maegery?  Why are we all so cool with women sounding crazy when they are powerful?  I find it sexist, frankly.  But, whatever, - Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m the guy who thinks there are some men on the planet that donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think with their dicks.  Here is my point: Dany does not have to be THAT focused or crazy-talking to be effective; not every meeting has to end with her threatening to kill everyone or burn X or Y to the ground.  Its really, really aggravating.And if everyone in her Kalasar is dead and her handmaiden looks dead tooâ<U+0080>¦ it may be nice if she gave a flying fuckâ<U+0080>¦This was, by far, the weakest episode of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 06 May 2012 - 11:16 PM.
127	Bubs	2012-05-06	The "Spice" King, who reminds me of Baron Harkonnen, keeps me wandering into Dune/ASoIaF crossover territory /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
I get the feeling that Doreah is selling out her Khaleesi, too. Would make more sense of why she's still around. The quick preview of next episode made it seem like Dany was suspicious of Jorah. Hope they're not moving the split up.
128	The Sun's Son	2012-05-06	I'm guessing Dany's dragons were taken to The House of the Undying.
129	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-06	Opening with the fall of Winterfell caught me by surprise. I did like Alfie Allen's petulant "I took it" as if he has to prove it even to Bran.Yeah, me too.I'm happy they didn't go much in depth about how exactly Winterfell was taken, since that was a part I never found very convincing in the books.thought this was a great episode, loved theon, loved the riot. my only complaint is the scene with little finger. why is little finger so interested in trying to look at who this cupbearer is? it didn't make any sense. i get that you want to have some tension, but it was over the top, seemed like a comedy routine.He was simply thinking "Do I know this girl from somewhere?". No problem for me here.My problem, however, is that he is appearing too much; in fact, only Tyrion and Arya have appeared this much. LF worked best when he stayed out of sight, without you knowing where he is or what the hell he was doing.
130	Pliny	2012-05-06	To me the big wuestion is Dagmer=Ramsey?  How else does Bolton know everything that is going on in Winterfell.  Luwin sent his message before Rodrik was killed.Whoa. If this is true... mind=blown.I noticed that Theon is presented with two paths in the same frame- Dagmer's advice vs. Maester Luwen's advice. Alfie Allen's acting this week (this season!) has been incredible. Ser Rodrick's last words were badass.Some questions:    - I see a few people think Littlefinger recognized Arya. My husband (only about 1/3 through GoT) and I (read them all) both got the impression that it was TYWIN who suspected something (not that she's Arya Stark, but just that he knows she's more than she says). I love the whole Arya/Tywin thing, but perhaps it's because I already loved Tywin, and now they're just making him more likable. When I saw Arya's smile when he complimented her, I anticipated a ragefest over it amongst purists. Oh well. Some of us are enjoying it. (Loved Jaqen's expression when she insists he kill Lorch NOW!)    -San/San fans are feasting on his rescue scene, and it was good. But. It seems to me that, in this season, that the writers are making an effort to lay the foundation for Sansa/Tyrion. Sorry San/San fans?
131	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-05-06	Just "implied sex" this week. Obviously Osha and Theon weren't jus lying naked in bed together. Loved Theon's line when he first sees her naked! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />You are completely right.That whole scene somehow manage to slip my mind when I was talking about everything else I liked. How about we change that to "No Ros!".My apologies.
					
					
							Edited by AnikaUnderfoot, 06 May 2012 - 11:20 PM.
132	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-06	thought this was a great episode, loved theon, loved the riot. my only complaint is the scene with little finger. why is little finger so interested in trying to look at who this cupbearer is? it didn't make any sense. i get that you want to have some tension, but it was over the top, seemed like a comedy routine.Well, Arya wasn't helping her cause by trying so hard to remain out of his sight...and the fact that she spilled wine all over him contributed to grabbing his attention.
133	Lady Olenna	2012-05-06	I've been holding my criticism on the deviations from the books just to see where the show is going. I have to say that I actually enjoy the changes and understand why they chose to do them. I think they've chosen wisely with their deviations.Â 
The KL scene between Tyrion & Cersei was absolutely epic. Viewers probably don't understand the significance of Cersei telling Tyrion she hopes he loves someone, etc., and the stare down he gives her (readers know that he did truly love someone only to have her taken away). If looks could kill...Â 
I was floored by naked Osha... But the change worked to get the kids to the crypts. Got to see Rickon, shaggy dog and summer!
I'm not sure if I heard it correctly but it sounded like Ygritte said that Jon's brothers had deserted him (wonderful foreshadowing of his own desertion). The snuggling scene was hilarious.Â 
I like that Shae actually has a decent scene but I'm not sure how they are going to play that out later.Â 
I know that people don't like Jaquen's dart but come on the delivery was great!Â 
And I for one am glad to see more of Tywin. He's just awesome. Can't wait to see some Jaime scenes coming up.Â 
Although I was caught off guard by the dragons - I'm glad they did it because I always wondered why it never happened in the books.Â 
Great episode.Â
134	RoamingRonin	2012-05-06	Ser Rodrik's beheading was a interesting change. It reminded me of Ned's execution with Bran, Rickon and the rest watching helpless. Theon's crossed the line now. There's no turning back for him. And now Dany has to back up all of her big talk without her dragons. Her plot needed a bit of action based drama. But where was Ser Jorah and Doreah? Did the thieves break in or was Dany betrayed?
135	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-05-06	Are we sure that Osha and the Stark kids are going to be hiding in the crypts? With the way things are going this season, I wouldn't be surprised if they just leave Winterfell all together and start out towards the Wall.
136	turdle	2012-05-06	Well, Arya wasn't helping her cause by trying so hard to remain out of his sight...and the fact that she spilled wine all over him contributed to grabbing his attention.sure, but even before then, he spent almost the entire scene trying to see her face. if i were tywin, i would have found it very distracting that petyr wasn't paying attention to what i was saying.
137	Pliny	2012-05-06	The "Spice" King, who reminds me of Baron Harkonnen, keeps me wandering into Dune/ASoIaF crossover territory /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />I get the feeling that Doreah is selling out her Khaleesi, too. Would make more sense of why she's still around. The quick preview of next episode made it seem like Dany was suspicious of Jorah. Hope they're not moving the split up.Ha- he reminded me of Dune as well!I also got the impression that Dany was angry with Jorah, and wondered if it might be the betrayal, but it can't be so soon, right? Maybe she's just mad at him in more of a "WHERE WERE YOU?!" way.Jon and Ygritte: *sigh* I just hated almost all of their time together in the books. And now he looks even worse. Are we sure that Osha and the Stark kids are going to be hiding in the crypts? With the way things are going this season, I wouldn't be surprised if they just leave Winterfell all together and start out towards the Wall.That's what I was thinking as well.
138	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-05-06	You can't possibly still think Talisa is Talisa from Volantis after the scene tonight. She's clearly hiding her identity. Beyond that, Volantis isn't exactly an integral aspect of the Ice and Fire series. I don't think altering the color palette of its people is all that detrimental to anything. It's one thing to make Dany raven-haired, it's pretty inconsequential to make a Volantene one.Whether she is Volantene isn't the issue, the fact that Rob didn't go "Bullshit!" when she stated it, based on entirely on her appearance, indicates that Valyrian looks in the TV-show are probably going to be restricted entirely to Targaryens, which I hate, since it makes Targaryens magical or special, when they just happen to be a Valyrian family that managed to keep their dragons alive.
139	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-05-06	Also, I did like Arya demanding her next kill NOW. The look on Jaqen's face was like "is this girl serious?!". I loved their interactions.
140	turdle	2012-05-06	Ser Rodrik's beheading was a interesting change. It reminded me of Ned's execution with Bran, Rickon and the rest watching helpless. Theon's crossed the line now. There's no turning back for him. And now Dany has to back up all of her big talk without her dragons. Her plot needed a bit of action based drama. But where was Ser Jorah and Doreah? Did the thieves break in or was Dany betrayed?i felt like sir rodriks beheading was a bit of a nod to what's-his-face karstark being beheaded by rob in aSoS where it takes him so many whacks to get the thing off.  especially since i doubt they'll ever address that story thread.
141	Darth Pipes	2012-05-06	Sophomoric comment of the day:Jeyne is so freaking hot.  I would let her amputate my foot for a date.ETA:  "My bastard at the Dreadfort."Fuck.  Yes.Jeyne is beautiful.  Ygritte is lovely.  And Tonks was naked. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Great episode, I really enjoyed it.  The opening Winterfell scene was intense and well-done.  I liked Ser Rodrik's death here, it combined several elements from the book.  Poor Bran, his screaming was heartbreaking.  The scene that almost got to me though was Ser Rodrik telling him that he was going to see his father.As a book reader, I found the riot scene (especially Sansa's near rape) to be pretty intense, as was Arya nearly being discovered during the meeting with Littlefinger.  Arya and Tywin remains gold and I'm glad they found a reason why Arya has to use her second kill.  I think she was going to take Tywin out, despite "bonding" with him. Rose Leslie is fantastic as Ygritte.The Bastard of Bolton lives!
142	A Time for Wolves	2012-05-06	Jon and Ygritte: *sigh* I just hated almost all of their time together in the books. And now he looks even worse.I didn't like them in the books, but something about TV-Ygritte is endearing. Maybe I'll start to dislike her healthily after the 10th "You know nothing, Jon Snow," but I right now I like this Ygritte a lot. Right now she's spirited without being obnoxious, although maybe the obnoxious part will come out soon.I love that the TV show isn't shying away from portraying Dany as she really is - her true nature is camouflaged pretty well until ASOS. Pretty shocked at seeing her khalasar dead and the dragons stolen, but I like this and I wish something like that had happened in the books, because it in hindsight it seems really odd that nobody tried it.I'm still lukewarm on Talisa - although her being a noblewoman makes this whole thing slightly more plausible. I loved the scenes between Robb and Catelyn so much, they're such a great pair on screen.The taking of Winterfell broke my heart, on the other hand, just as I knew it would. And when the Bolton betrayal was foreshadowed...another terrible moment.
					
					
							Edited by A Time for Wolves, 06 May 2012 - 11:42 PM.
143	Howling Mad	2012-05-06	Where have all the horses gone?  I understand budget cuts but really no horses?
144	zippypoodle	2012-05-06	I enjoyed this episode a lot.  The Winterfell scenes were great.  Also very happy to hear that Ramsey hasn't entirely been cut.I'm just waiting on the fan rage for the changes, particularly Dany's dragons being stolen.  I can't wait to read the bitching for a whole week.I was thinking the same thing. The analysis from this site has this gem:The stolen dragons: Completely new, the consequences of which are presently rather unfathomable in terms of the show, but which does strike a blow at the fidelity of the series with the novels. Qarth has now radically departed from the narrative in the novel.LOL
145	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-06	Where have all the horses gone?  I understand budget cuts but really no horses?The horse-budget is always a problem. Remember Monty Python and the Holy Grailâ<U+0080><U+0099>s coconuts. And how last season they just ran out of horsey money, so Robert had to go boar hunting on foot with like nobody with him. On the other hand, Peter Jackson seemed to have horseys coming out of his rear.
146	zippypoodle	2012-05-06	I definitely agree with this. I can't say I dislike this season because it has been amazing at times but I feel that they are just diverging from the books way too far this season compared to last season. I hope they pull it back a little closer as we get further in the season but I really doubt it will!Seriously, there have been very few changes of any importance at all. Yes, I will admit the dragon-theft is going a bit far afield, but even that doesn't stray all that far from the path and will likely give Dany even more reason to torch the HOTU. So I'm content to wait and see where that goes.But for everything else, hardly any changes at all. I'm absolutely throwing out any concerns like subbing Bronn for Bywater or complaints about minor character A dying instead of minor character B. They're not even worth considering.For the other storylines tonight:1. The taking of Winterfell was almost exactly from the books. And Osha escapes with Bran and Rickon, just like from the books. Rodrik instead of the hound master? Irrelevant. Osha doing Theon instead of some other minor character? Irrelevant.2. Jon captures Ygritte and lets her go. Pretty much exactly the same and it will still lead to Jon killing Qhorin to "prove" he "betrayed" the Night's Watch.3. The Harrenhall scenes are pretty much true to the spirit of the book and don't go anywhere it can be claimed to be such a big departure that the storyline from the books cannot be followed.4. The King's Landing scenes, especially the riot, were exactly from the books with  changes that could only annoy the nitpickiest of book purists (Sansa was rescued from her horse not from three rapists! GRR!!!)
147	zippypoodle	2012-05-06	Disappointed not seeing Jojen and Meera Reed.Is disappointed a synonym for irrelevant?
148	House Snow	2012-05-06	I don't understand the complaints about Dany. GRRM made her seem WAY WAY more petulent, nieve, and incompetant in the book(s). In some ways I think the show is showing it better than George was where it seemed so heavy handed "But I am just a young girl." That Merchant scene was a nice merge of the litany of Dany is Nieve scenes.
Also put me in the XXD is somehow involved with the kidnapping scene. His reaction was very much delayed, plus he was just talking about his willingness to do anything to get what he wants. In retrospect the scene is set up well b/c you wonder if it was Warlocks, XXD, Jorah, or Doreah who set it up
149	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-06	Where have all the horses gone?  I understand budget cuts but really no horses?Well, after what happended to Luck, can you blame them?
150	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-07	I am so very relieved to hear a Ramsay mention.  I wondered too how Roose would have known about Roderick's death.  This Dagmer = Ramsay theory is intriguing, it solves the problem of the Winterfell storylne with Reek being absent.  Dagmer is acting very Iagoish talking Theon into being even more of a douche.  If Dagmer is the one to suggest executing Bran and Rickon, I will be very on board with this theory.  It would be such a fun twist that would shock book readers too.
  Is anyone else wondering when Sansa is meeting Dontos in the godswood?  IIRC she had already started doing this a long time ago in the book.  Maybe it won't be until next season?
  Hopefully these theories about Olenna being cut are wrong.  She is too great to be denied!
  I will be pissed if Alfie Allen and Maisie Williams don't get award noms for this season.  They are so fantastic.
151	Titus Pullo	2012-05-07	Great episode...
I'm really sad that Jojen isn't in, and I don't understand the Jojen haters. He was a mystical child with true honor, a product of a Stark-loyal father that Eddard valued greatly. That could have been a super interesting part to cast, especially for Book/Season 3.
	Spoiler Also, in reading the book, for a little while you're kinda left believing Bran and Rickon are actually murdered and displayed. That heart sink seems officially removed.

					
					
							Edited by Titus Pullo, 07 May 2012 - 12:04 AM.
152	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-05-07	Also put me in the XXD is somehow involved with the kidnapping scene. His reaction was very much delayed, plus he was just talking about his willingness to do anything to get what he wants.Fully agree with this.When I first saw that scene, with him giving his "I have done dishonorable things" speech, and then opening the door to the bloodbath in the courtyard, I thought it was totally him. I took it as a "This is what I have done to make you give me what I want" display, and that he purposely set it up as a display of his power and just how far he is willing to take it.It wasn't until Dany freaked and he yelled to "call the guards" or whatever that I realized that it wasn't his doing.
					
					
							Edited by AnikaUnderfoot, 07 May 2012 - 12:08 AM.
153	zippypoodle	2012-05-07	Great episode... I agree.I'm really sad that Jojen isn't in, and I don't understand the Jojen haters. He was a mystical child with true honor, a product of a Stark-loyal father that Eddard valued greatly. That could have been a super interesting part to cast, especially for Book/Season 3.I hate prophet characters. Point blank, no matter what.Also, in reading the book, for a little while you're kinda left believing Bran and Rickon are actually murdered and displayed. That heart sink seems officially removed??? In the book, the fake murder doesn't occur until after Theon fails to catch Bran and Rickon. Which hasn't happened yet.
154	Maroucia	2012-05-07	Where have all the horses gone?  I understand budget cuts but really no horses?A riot with horses would surely have been extremely dangerous, as horses are animals and would have panicked since they would not have known that it was all an act.
155	House Snow	2012-05-07	Plus as someone already mentioned with what happened to Luck, I want horses kept as far from the show as possible.
156	G Vico	2012-05-07	I must admit I was a bit disappointed with the dragon-theft scene.  The tower at the end was clearly intended to be the house of the undying, but I've always imagined the house of the undying to be a one-storey ranch-style affair, probably with a stucco exterior.  I mean, it isn't called the tower of the undying, is it?
So they turned the house of the undying into the tower of the undying which got me thinking -- what else have they changed in this episode?
Did you notice how Littlefinger kept staring at Arya.  I don't remember him being into little girls in the books but suddenly that's his thing in the show?  It's really unlike him, IMO, but there you go.
And then the beheading scene.  It was reminiscent of the botched beheading of Mary Queen of Scots or the opening execution in Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence but was a bit unrealistic since there wasn't enough screaming.  Ser Rodrick is plenty brave, sure, but after the first sword blow fails to remove his head I would expect him to at least yell or something.  But he's a pretty tough old guy.  Still, after the second blow failed to remove his head, I expected him at least to say something to somebody about it, or at least to stand up and make another wisecrack at Theon's expense.  And it's really this constant lack of unrealism and failure to follow the clear direction of the book that has me quite upset about this episode.
Should I blame the producers for the many missteps in this episode: to whit the bad headjob, Littlefinger's pedarasty, and the multi-storeyed warlock hangout?  Should I blame the writer?  Should I blame the director who is only filming what the writer wrote who is only writing what the producers pay her to write who are only giving the fans what they want -- opportunities for Tyrion to slap Joffrey?
I blame Pod.
157	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-07	Wow...whoever's playing Ygritte might actually make me like the character. Nice to see Jon's storyline finally pick up. 
I love the changes this episode and I think it will make the show flow better. The scenes with Tywin and Arya are pure gold. I love getting a little backstory on Tytos and the near ruination of House Lannister. Charles Dance is really knocking it out of the park. I can listen to him read the telephone book!
The riot scene was good. I'm not a purist by any means but I really wish they would have kept the line Cersei throws Trant about obeying the Hand of the King. The scene with The Hound saving Sansa is one of those things that really translates well to the screen. So exciting.
I REALLY enjoyed Theon's scenes. Bravo, Alfie Allen for making me feeling sadness and pity for Theon Greyjoy.
I even like what they're doing with Jeyne/Talisa. 
The best change is the stolen dragons though. I think this is how it should have gone down in the book. Made no sense that no one would attempt to steal the most powerful weapons in the world. Plus this gives Dany something to do.
158	zippypoodle	2012-05-07	I must admit I was a bit disappointed with the dragon-theft scene.  The tower at the end was clearly intended to be the house of the undying, but I've always imagined the house of the undying to be a one-storey ranch-style affair, probably with a stucco exterior.  I mean, it isn't called the tower of the undying, is it?So they turned the house of the undying into the tower of the undying which got me thinking -- what else have they changed in this episode?Did you notice how Littlefinger kept staring at Arya.  I don't remember him being into little girls in the books but suddenly that's his thing in the show?  It's really unlike him, IMO, but there you go.And then the beheading scene.  It was reminiscent of the botched beheading of Mary Queen of Scots or the opening execution in Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence but was a bit unrealistic since there wasn't enough screaming.  Ser Rodrick is plenty brave, sure, but after the first sword blow fails to remove his head I would expect him to at least yell or something.  But he's a pretty tough old guy.  Still, after the second blow failed to remove his head, I expected him at least to say something to somebody about it, or at least to stand up and make another wisecrack at Theon's expense.  And it's really this constant lack of unrealism and failure to follow the clear direction of the book that has me quite upset about this episode.Should I blame the producers for the many missteps in this episode: to whit the bad headjob, Littlefinger's pedarasty, and the multi-storeyed warlock hangout?  Should I blame the writer?  Should I blame the director who is only filming what the writer wrote who is only writing what the producers pay her to write who are only giving the fans what they want -- opportunities for Tyrion to slap Joffrey?I blame Pod.This is the best post of the night. Too funny, and spot on.
159	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-07	Wow...whoever's playing Ygritte might actually make me like the character.Completely agree. I always found Ygritte to be annoying as hell in the book. Kudos, Rose Leslie.
160	SelaBela	2012-05-07	Tywin could give up this whole warlord thing and become a speech pathologist. Just sayin. Kinda endearing that Jaime was dyslexic. <3 
This episode was so amazing. Thinking Jeyne Westerling needs to be revealed for who she is! Dang it!
161	Currawong	2012-05-07	I blame Pod.But - but ....  I thought Tommen's kittehs were to blame?   /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
162	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-07	Is disappointed a synonym for irrelevant?LMFAO too good!
163	johnnysd	2012-05-07	I do have to agree with this.  While I don't really care that Irri is gone (I never could distinguish her handmaidens in the book) they do seem to be forcing Dany to neglect her Dothraki side.  And they seem to be knowingly do it.  Last week we had the "she is not a princess, she is a khaleesi!" and then we had the "oh silly Dothraki, we can't steal his statues" bit.  Besides having her khalasar significantly reduced they seem to be breaking her bonds with the Dothraki completely -- which will be interesting come her final scene in ADwD. Interestingly if you think of the end of the last book, and the series gets to season 7 or whatever it will be, that scene will have more impact and make more sense.
164	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-07	glad the episode mentioned Roose Bolton's bastard (Ramsay Snow), don't like how daenerys "loses" her dragons 7/10
165	The Crannogman	2012-05-07	Hound redemption... the only thing that saved this episode--well that and the mention of "the bastard of the Dreadfort". I just really thought the sack of Winterfell (along w/ Ser Rodrick's beheading) and the Kings Landing riots were cheesy as hell. This was my least favorite, boarding on worst episode ever...and I'm usually not that much of a complainer, I usually defend the "visual representation" of the novels. But this one was just plain bad. Disappointed.
					
					
							Edited by The Crannogman, 07 May 2012 - 01:12 AM.
166	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	glad the episode mentioned Roose Bolton's bastard (Ramsay Snow), don't like how daenerys "loses" her dragons 7/10Gives her a good reason to go into the house of the undying and makes for something interesting in an otherwise uneventful CoK arc. I thought it was pretty smart, though I get not being overjoyed with the change.I also applaud the mention of Ramsay. I'm glad their not falling for the trap of projecting "he's a baddy" onto Roose from the beginning. "My boy would be honored to bring you Greyjoy's head" - and a lot of other smaller pieces too.Very perplexed at people complaining about this episode. Best so far this season, IMO.
167	DornishKnight	2012-05-07	YES! We will see the Bastard of Bolton! Not immediately, but we will see him! Hallejuha! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
168	Grunkins	2012-05-07	I'm enjoying the Arya/Tywin scenes. 
And. . .yeah Osha, sup girl.
169	bloodymime	2012-05-07	The Halfhand is now chatty. How delightful.
170	SelaBela	2012-05-07	It seems like they'll be condensing Sybell and Jeyne Westerling as well, making Jeyne way less innocent and a spy to boot! I think it makes sense for the show, can't wait to see it play out. 
I hope Dagmer isn't Ramsay. It could be cool? But meh, I want it to be some little shit with wormy lips that you can easily hate. Plus, why would Ramsay be on Pyke? Little convenient isn't it? How the hell would he fool the ironmen into believing he's one of them? Nah, Ramsays at the Dreadfort. 
Not really worried about Lady Hornwood missing from the show; they'll have plenty of time to make Ramsays nature known. 
As someone said before, I will miss having Irri state what is known. 
Wonder if Jorah and Doreah weren't off somewhere private.. Doing private things to each other... When they should have been watching the dragons. Man Dany is gonna be pissed.
171	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	I've decided that my complaint, because we must have one, is that Roose raised his voice a little too much, and they could have at least mentioned his name, to remind people. 
(Then again, his whole leather biker outfit with the flayed man on the front kind of does a lot of talking for him.)
172	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-07	Theon taking winterfell was awesome. that look he gave when he got done cutting off Rodrick's head was epic.
173	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-07	so what does everyone think of "Talissa" now? is she still gonna end up as Jeyne Westerling?
174	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	so what does everyone think of "Talissa" now? is she still gonna end up as Jeyne Westerling?Given that even Robb knows she's lying through her teeth, yes, I would think. It's all well and good to judge Theon on his beheading skills, but Ned and Ilyn Payne had Ice.  Theon has some dinky arming sword. His main problem was  looking like a total spaz.
175	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-07	Who was the note that Tywin had in his room from? I was t hinking it could have been from Jeyne since i think they said she was a spy.
176	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	Robb was flirting with her by insinuating she was a spy (nobody said Starks weren't cripplingly socially awkward). The note mentions that the writer is "marching with 10,000 troops" and plans to meet Tywin in a week. I assume it's a Lannister bannerman, or at least decidedly not a camp follower in Robb's army.
					
					
							Edited by IronSuitor, 07 May 2012 - 01:55 AM.
177	CloudFlare	2012-05-07	Where have all the horses gone?  I understand budget cuts but really no horses?+ Infinity. Turning Joff's name day joust into a sword fight is perfectly fine, but this scene demanded horses. I know it costs more, takes more time to film, and there's the physical risk involved... but it just made no sense. The king walking like a commoner? Tyrion wouldn't be able to handle. With horses, it's a symbol of the commoners dragging the high lords down into the gutters... on foot it's just a fight between some people we know and some we don't.
178	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-07	oh okay.
179	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-07	greatLoving the events at winterfellTywin and Arya bonding and her spying was interestingKings landing was crazyJon Ygritte are steaming things up nicelyand finally the dragon subplot is keeping things interesting with Danyalso this pic describes things with theon wellhttp://i.imgur.com/0dQyf.jpgalso Dagmer cant be Ramsay..how the hell would he get to the iron islands? I think Ramsay gets to the castle another way..maybe someone on the inside lets him in thinking he is rescue?
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 07 May 2012 - 02:41 AM.
180	TyrionFan57	2012-05-07	I hope Dagmer isn't Ramsay. It could be cool? But meh, I want it to be some little shit with wormy lips that you can easily hate. Plus, why would Ramsay be on Pyke? Little convenient isn't it? How the hell would he fool the ironmen into believing he's one of them? Nah, Ramsays at the Dreadfort.I agree and don't think Dagmar is Ramsay.  Dagmar looks almost as old as Roose Bolton himself.  Could they perhaps be using Dagmar to fill the old "Reek" role, actually killing the miller's sons and giving Theon the idea to use them as "fake" Bran and Rickon?  That would, of course, be before Ramsay shows up.  I may be wrong about timing here...but I suppose it could happen.
181	Kyle Foster	2012-05-07	i can't believe i'm going to say this but ... Theon is my favorite character by far this season. He has done a superb job and may even win an award as a supporting actor with Tyrion probably winning best actor.
182	Ser Chuck	2012-05-07	I'll go along with the dragon theft if it was the warlocks that did it and we still get to see Dany's acid trip. That's the main thing I'm still looking forward to besides Blackwater. We already lost Bran's falling dream from book 1, taking away Dany's crazy vision too would just be wrong.
183	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-07	I agree and don't think Dagmar is Ramsay.  Dagmar looks almost as old as Roose Bolton himself.  Could they perhaps be using Dagmar to fill the old "Reek" role, actually killing the miller's sons and giving Theon the idea to use them as "fake" Bran and Rickon?  That would, of course, be before Ramsay shows up.  I may be wrong about timing here...but I suppose it could happen.how would Ramsay get to the iron islands and pose as an ironman?
184	Morrigan	2012-05-07	Well, I was expecting more negative reactions, to be honest. Yes, I'm a bit of a book purist (book? what book lol), but I don't mind changes when they are smart and/or well-written. Most of those in this episode really, really weren't. For instance, I enjoyed Tywin and Arya's interactions in the 5th episode. I could list examples of other changes I thought made sense and/or that I enjoyed, but to save time, I'll just nerd-rage about how stupid this episode was overall. I want an adaptation of the novels I loved, not a goddamn fanfiction. *facepalm*That was how he died in the book as well; ripped apart by the mob.Yeah, but I always assumed he was just trampled to death or beaten up by a lynch mob. That whole zombie-like ripping scene was beyond cheesy and retarded. A human arm just doesn't get torn off like that, for crying out loud. When the mob started snarling like zombies, I snorted in derision and thought, "what's this, a Romero movie?". When the arm came off I just had to laugh. Idiotic.Speaking of cheesy gore, while I enjoyed Sandor trouncing those would-be rapists (I mean it's hard  to NOT enjoy the Hound kicking ass), the guts spilling out was just stupid. Gore like that belongs in a zombie flick, not Game of Thrones. It looked goofy and cartoonish. Haha are u serious? So just because she's hotter? Oh my god thats fucking retarted. and no, the actress who played Irri was a good actress. And she said in an interview that Irri's death came as a shock and she was free to do Game of Thrones.Retarded indeed. I feel for that actress, there was no need to cut her. Especially considering there was a dead handmaiden in the series, and her name was Doreah. Instead they kill off the brown girl (in a completely retarded scene to boot) and keep Doreah alive because... because fuck you is why (?).Best episode yet. I honestly do not understand how someone can say these changes were negative; by doing so you're basically just claiming that GRRM's story is completely perfect and cannot be altered whatsoever in any way. Yes, that's what we're claiming. Really. Oh wait, no, bugger off.I just get the feeling that the show does not know why we all liked the books so much.  I mean itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not â<U+0080><U+009C>you-canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t-improve-on-perfectionâ<U+0080><U+009D> or anything like that; more like that scene in Annie Hall- I just want to be standing in line and pull out George RR Martin and have him say â<U+0080><U+009C>You know nothing about my work.â<U+0080><U+009D>Agreed! Thank you. And THANK YOU for pointing out the sheer idiocy of the Jon/Ygritte scene. Oh my fucking god, that was retarded and pointless and nerd-rage inducing. You know, I get that the show needs to cut, to adapt, blah blah blah, budget, constraint, TV format, etc. But nothing, nothing whatsoever justified this change. It was not only longer than it needed to be, it made no sense. The only reason I can think of is to make Jon look like a complete fucktard. Ugh.Another needless add-on: Osha sleeping with Theon. Just more gratuitous nudity again. It wasn't necessary to her plot to spirit the boys out of Winterfell, she could just have waited for Theon to be asleep normally and do all the rest. But, that way there would be no bewbies, derp.And then there was Dany's dragons being stolen.... what. I mean, seriously, what. Why. Why. Why? Perfect example of change for the sake of change, and don't tell me it's "to give Dany something to do". Dany already had plenty of reasons to visit the House of the Undying, this was just supremely lazy writing to artificially add tension and a cliffhanger to the episode. And so badly done too. They come back to the mansion and all those Dothraki warriors are dead, and yet there isn't a single slain foe in sight. Derp. And where's Doreah? Oh, probably getting naked somewhere, duh.Also, the whole "Dany needs something to do"  notion needs to die. Dany has 5 chapters in ACoK, so what? We hardly see Jaime either. Or Barristan. We don't see Lysa at all til the end of ASoS. Theon is not at all in A Storm of Swords. They already gutted Bran's storyline, why would they need to add to Dany's? It will be inevitable that some actors/characters have fewer appearances or screen time for prolonged periods of time due to how the story is written. Or are you people gonna encourage them to invent arbitrary storylines for Theon in Season 3 when we all know that he does nothing except being tortured and broken by Ramsay? And I dread to see what will happen with Robb. There was nothing wrong with him taking an arrow wound, getting feverish and being "nursed" to health by Jeyne. It made sense, and also, Catelyn wasn't around to remind him of his duty. They made that storyline just far less believable already. I was really looking forward to the House of the Undying, because I figured it was their opportunity to show flashbacks and visions. But now I'm dreading the whole thing. I have no reason to trust in the writers and I am expecting the whole thing to suck. Hey, that way I won't be disappointed, and if I'm wrong, I'll be pleasantly surprised...This was, by far, the weakest episode of the season.IMO it was the weakest of the entire series so far. By far.Did you notice how Littlefinger kept staring at Arya.  I don't remember him being into little girls in the books but suddenly that's his thing in the show?  It's really unlike him, IMO, but there you go.Err.... no. *facepalm* He was checking her out because she obviously looked familiar to him and he was probably wondering where he saw her before. Geez. The real problem with this scene, actually, is twofold: one, Littlefinger can apparently teleport. Seriously, he's everyfuckingwhere. He's obviously D&D's favourite character because his screen time is ludicrously high and he's inserted into a bunch of random scenes and places where he never appeared in the books, just because. Enough already. And second, while I enjoy Charles Dance and the Tywin/Arya interactions were entertaining, they were completely out of character. Tywin confiding in his cupbearer is just absurd. And while Arya screaming "now!" at Jaqen and Jaqen's raised eyebrows made for decent humour, the way Ser Amory died was just ridiculous and far-fetched. I wonder if there'll be any follow-up to that, I mean, an important bannerman of Tywin was murdered just like that, I hope there will be consequences at least... but now I'm no longer holding my breath for any weasel soup. Hound redemption... the only thing that saved this episode--well that and the mention of "the bastard of the Dreadfort". I just really thought the sack of Winterfell (along w/ Ser Rodrick's beheading) and the Kings Landing riots were cheesy as hell. This was my least favorite, boarding on worst episode ever...and I'm usually not that much of a complainer, I usually defend the "visual representation" of the novels. But this one was just plain bad. Disappointed.Agreed, with the last sentence at least. But I wish people wouldn't call it the "sack of Winterfell". It wasn't a sack. It was a capture. The sacking/burning comes later, at Ramsay's hand. Also, I thought Winterfell's capture and the riot were by far the least offensive parts of the episode. You should stop watching the show. Also, you clearly need to get laid.Wow, what a great jab. You sure showed him. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
185	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-07	I don't mind the change to Dany's storyline, they have to give her a little extra something to do. I'm fine with that, I'm sure she'll still end up at the same place as the books. Her storyline in ACOK was kinda boring, so they wanted to add some excitement, I'm fine with that. Plus it never made sense that no one ever tried to steal her dragons.  So having at least one attempt will get that out of the way, and we won't have to hear "how come nobody ever tried to steal her dragons when they were little?"
My complaint about this episode is that the dialogue was a bit off, especially the Robb/Jeyne conversation, it just didn't work for me. I also felt that the whole killing of Lorch scene was silly.  Surely Tywin would be tearing the entire castle apart looking for a killer in their midst.  Instead he acts as if nothing happened?
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 07 May 2012 - 02:53 AM.
186	Sharpes	2012-05-07	"It's alright King Jack Gleeson! We will save you from the haters!" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Really enjoyed this episode.
But wtf were they doing to the High Septon?! Looks like the walking dead moved into King's Landing! /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
					
					
							Edited by Sharpes, 07 May 2012 - 03:06 AM.
187	LordofWinter	2012-05-07	Is it just me or are they trying to make you feel sorry for Theon on the show? In the books he came off as a prick but in the show it is like he is the victim. Maybe it is just me. Any thoughts?i agree as well, but i think they are doing this (and have been for quite some time) with a lot of characters. and i'm not certain whether that is due to the writers personal interpretation of the books or that D&D thought that they needed to amp up the sympathy for certain characters. i'm probably alone in this thought but i think that alot of the changes are made to the benefit of certain characters image in reference to the possible fans of the show. ie:  CAT-  they have changed alot of Catelyn's decisions and actions to make the viewer more sympathetic to her- Ned leaving for KL went from her urging it to her seeming (rightfully so)worried and sad about it. Her not saying to Jon "it should have been you".  Going to see Renly stops being her idea and becomes Robb's to make her appear to of being pushed away by her children. (also prevents her from going home like she wanted to, instead of it not occurring to her to go home and take care of her sons) Sansa- Sansa is a little girl who tends to take a lot of flack from fans of the book series so i wasn't too surprised when they started to combine her story with Lollys. I always found that when reading the books it was harder for me to feel sorry for Sansa whilst she shared a castle with Lollys who was a little girl as well, but life(and this story) had been much more cruel to her. I mean you feel bad when joff gets ser meryn to strip san at court, and again when she gets attacked at the riot, but you stop feeling so bad when you remember that poor dim Lollys was left to be raped and almost murdered. so by removing Lollys completely and having sansa almost get raped you earn her some extra sympathy while saving costs on casting. Theon- plain and simple in the books it is almost impossible to feel sorry for Theon the turncloak, but in the series you genuinely feel sorry for him at times. especially when ser rodrik says to him "may the god's bless you soul boy, for now you are truly lost" the look on theon's face is saddening as you can see all happiness drain out of him. though they have stayed mostly true to the story with theonJamie- There have been a few extra scenes either with or talking about jamie lannister and most of them tend to provide a better window into who jamie lannister really is. his scene with robb in the first episode i found really great. and finding out from Tywin that jamie had dyslexia was a big shock for me(incidentally it also showed that tywin wasn't the absentee father we all thought, strict and stubborn yes, but you can't take away the credit of a great lord who spends four hours a day trying to help his son rid himself of his learning deficiency. Cersei- oh dear god, they are really trying to calm down the crazy bitch that the books depicted her to be. though maybe they are just building up to it. but so they been keen on turning joff into a young charles manson in order to make her not look as sadistic by reflection. and changing who ordered the killing of Robert's bastards was a huge change in my opinion because that was when I as a reader really began to understand just how (ambitious?) sick Cersei could be. but hey, i'm probably what is referred to as a book purest. even though i deny it. i just truly enjoyed the books and thought it would be nice if i could watch a series based on them. but as a friend of mine (who has never read the books because he doesn't want to ruin the show for himself) said to me. "dude, you're a fan of the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series. that's cool, but remember you're not watching a song of ice and fire, you're watching a game of thrones so while they may be similar they are not the same thing. so accept that they are different entities and start seeing them as such and your expectations of the show can go back to just being that you want it to be entertaining." which in my opinion is great advice, i only found the  book series because he told me about the show, so after watching the first season(and fucking loving it) i burned through 5 books. and then decided  that i now hate my new favourite show because they keep changing things.and that is my late night rant.oh and jaqen's face when arya is freaking out saying that it has to be done now is hilarious. you can just see him in his head going, "ugh, little girls are so tiresome"
188	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-07	Not my favorite episode. Definitley had some good moments, mostly the first scene of Theon taking Winterfell, but I really feel like this whole season has been rushed. Characters are zooming throughout Westeros, and a lot of the scenes from the book seem to just happen on screen with very little setup. 
Things I enjoyed:
--Theon taking Winterfell. This seemed pretty close to the book, adn while Theon doesnt kill Rodrik, that change made sense, even if it is a bit odd that he's the only one they captured from Torrhen's square.
--Ygritte. Looks and plays teh part well I thought.
--More Hound. Finally he has some decent screentime, though they overdid the gore a bit on his killing of the rioters.
Changes I'm not a fan of:
--Too much Littlefinger. God, he's in every episode from some reason. And where the fuck is Varys? He hasn't been on the show since episode 3 I think; instead they're using all their time on Littlefinger. Didn't care for the suspense in the "will he recognize Arya" scene, adn the stuff he converses with Tywin about was pretty redundant.
--Qhorin. Actor is fine, but I'm not really liking the lines they're giving him. In the book it become clear he left Jon alone with Ygritte to see what he would do and know him better from his choice of action. Here, I'm not really sure why they left Jon alone, or why such a great tracker as Qhorion coudln't find Jon after his chase. Which brings me to
--Jon sparing Ygritte. This didn't make a whole lot of sense. I didn't think he missed his swing, but then if not, why did he start chasing her? Wasn't that swing on teh rock a signal he was letting her go? Plus, the time used on the chase is kinda wasted, and as I mentioned above, it doesn't make sense that Qhorin and the rest haven't found Jon. He didn't go that far.
--Death of Amory Lorch. I don't really care that they killed him off early, but I wasn't a fan of how he went. Too comical, and the whole thing with Arya stealing hte letter just feels like manufactured tension. Much prefer the assassinations that look like accidents from the book, not Lorch just falling over dead with a dart in his neck after knocking on Tywin's door.
--Dany's dragons being stolen. Another manufactured cliffhanger ending. Getting a little sick of these, and I kind of feel like this show is turning too much into True Blood, with cliffhangers at every ending and just big events happening with little character development. This is partly because they don't have time with only ten episodes, but they still could have spent hte time better. Too much time with Dany in Qarth, adn I was rolling my eyes at her long, rambling speech to the Spice guy.
189	templar7	2012-05-07	Glad to hear Ramsay will be in it. But as a purist, this season has been painful. The show only uses the books as a guideline now. Don't say it's because of "budget." Last season stayed very close to the books, and a lot of plots/scenes have been added. Most of the dialogue in the show now never happened in the books.If you are a true purist then why watch? Im relieved that I dont know whats going to happen next and most of the changes they have made still fit and keep it moving. In most cases I think they are imrovements. its an adaptation not a copy. I love the books too, dont get me wrong but the sooner I accepted this as a new telling I started liking it more and more. The best thing about the books is their unpredictability, and the show has it too.
190	BlackTalon	2012-05-07	What the hell HBO? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  Where is my ASOIAF???
When I saw that Tywin knew that Arya could read I couldnÂ´t wait to come here to nitpick because the real Tywin would nevr have been so stupid not to realize that Arya had to be highborn, and because of the Jon and Ygritte scenes, but the last scene made all these gripes fade to oblivion /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  stolen dragons?
WTF, seriously WTF???
191	Dragon of Valyria	2012-05-07	Okay, so in relatively chronological order (as far as I can remember)...
The attack on Winterfell was great. I never really liked Bran, and always felt he was boring in the books, but I wanted to stand up and applaud him for his totally contemptuous treatment of Theon. His reactions to Ser Rodrik's death were also great. Hempstead-Wright is amping up his game, and I really hope he can stay on with the show even as he gets older. . . he's doing a fantastic job. As much as I loathe everything about Theon, Allen really played him quite well, especially the way his mouth quivered after Bran asked him if he had hated them the whole time.
Leslie's doing great as Ygritte, but the whole chase thing was a pointless waste of time. Like somebody else mentioned, I also for a second thought we'd get "you know nothing" when she said "you're stupid." Alas! Soon, I hope.
The riot... gods. I was honestly terrified. At first I was like, oh, this'll be some good fun and humiliation for Joffrey--but then Sansa's scene got a lot more intense, and I was getting worried by the chase. And then she was cornered in a room with nowhere to go! I honestly thought they were actually going to have her raped, I really did. Turner just sold it. Heart pounding, full of nervous fear for my favorite character--great acting, great camera work, and a near heart attack from me. I am floored at how graphic/close to an actual rape that they got. Tensest moment on a TV show for me. I've never been the Hound's biggest fan... but he literally arrived at the last second to save the day. Somebody give him a ****ing medal.
And another Joffrey slap! Yes.
Still concerned about "Talisa." I don't honestly think she's really Volantene, but the fact that both Catelyn and Robb could buy it is troubling, but not totally problematic. Just as every Targaryen didn't have the Valyrian look, nor should every single member of the Volantene aristocracy. You'd think somebody would at least ask, though.
I'm disturbed by Tywin being so forthcoming to his cupbearer. I don't mind them developing him, but the man was the biggest snob in the Seven Kingdoms. Remember what he did to poor Tysha? Come on. He wouldn't be so chatty with someone he thought a commoner. I'm fine with him finding her amusing, but not telling her family stories. Maisie Williams did a fantastic job with the Littlefinger scene though--these child actors are phenominal.
The Daenerys scenes... I'll wait and see what happens with the dragon-napping before commenting. I don't mind her being more assertive about her throne and her rights. Some people might see it as crazy (and it is, a little, perhaps) but I like it. I also liked the Spice King contrasting his way of life with hers. Different worlds. Most people would probably say he knocked her down a peg, but I'd say he just proved himself to be a small-minded fool.
Shae's scene with Sansa was great. Development for both characters done in an artful way.
192	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-05-07	The show writers will never combine Dagmar with Ramsay. They are two notable characters in the book that oppose one another, not two notable characters who fill companion roles. Even though I really liked the Reeds, they can be brought in at later seasons to avoid things from getting way too crowded.
193	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-07	Dany has nothing going on... the dragon theft and murders make things interesting
194	unRobert	2012-05-07	Good ep fer the most part.
The high septon zombie thing would've made sense if they just had rocks and whatnot in their hands.
195	templar7	2012-05-07	What the hell HBO? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  Where is my ASOIAF???When I saw that Tywin knew that Arya could read I couldnÂ´t wait to come here to nitpick because the real Tywin would nevr have been so stupid not to realize that Arya had to be highborn, and because of the Jon and Ygritte scenes, but the last scene made all these gripes fade to oblivion /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  stolen dragons?WTF, seriously WTF???why should he know she is highborn? All he knows is that she knows how to read. Also, in the books Arya is as sharp as a whip and I must say that Tywin makes several stupid moves. Like thinking Rob would actually send acurate word of his advance. Or not recognizing Tyrions genius years before and utilizing him effectivly. He's not a genius of a man, just a rich one.
196	Lord of the Night	2012-05-07	I can't believe they killed Amory Lorch! That is just more bullshit!Now not only has Arya's scene with The Tickler in Season 3 been lost, now we'll never get to see Lorch being thrown in the bear pit! Ugh god, they have really messed Arya's story. The whole Tywin's cupbearer keeps her out of the dirt and takes away an important part of her story, that she is alone in the commoners world. What's next?! Cutting the Weasel Soup?.... oh dear hell. If they cut the Weasel Soup I will be convinced that Arya's story has been ruined this season.Do not care for the Dragons being stolen. Would it have been so difficult to just have her decide to visit the Warlocks after her meetings ended in failure, EXACTLY AS SHE DID IN THE BOOK.The whole Talisa issue is just off. How hard is it to introduce Jeyne Westerling as the noble who comforts Robb after Bran and Rickon's "deaths" and then after the Red Wedding have Tywin reveal that he and Jeyne's mother plotted the entire thing to make Robb lose the Freys.Littlefinger is at Harrenhal now? But he was just at the Tyrell camp which should take at least a few days of travel between the two. The man is everywhere, but I think the story can hold on without Littlefinger entering and making some smart-ass quips.Very bad episode imo. Too many changes for pointless reasons. I can understand changes that help the books fit into a screen adaption but not meaningless changes like the ones above.LotN
197	Morrigan	2012-05-07	Not my favorite episode. Definitley had some good moments, mostly the first scene of Theon taking Winterfell, but I really feel like this whole season has been rushed. Characters are zooming throughout Westeros, and a lot of the scenes from the book seem to just happen on screen with very little setup.Things I enjoyed:--Theon taking Winterfell. This seemed pretty close to the book, adn while Theon doesnt kill Rodrik, that change made sense, even if it is a bit odd that he's the only one they captured from Torrhen's square.--Ygritte. Looks and plays teh part well I thought.--More Hound. Finally he has some decent screentime, though they overdid the gore a bit on his killing of the rioters.Changes I'm not a fan of:--Too much Littlefinger. God, he's in every episode from some reason. And where the fuck is Varys? He hasn't been on the show since episode 3 I think; instead they're using all their time on Littlefinger. Didn't care for the suspense in the "will he recognize Arya" scene, adn the stuff he converses with Tywin about was pretty redundant.--Qhorin. Actor is fine, but I'm not really liking the lines they're giving him. In the book it become clear he left Jon alone with Ygritte to see what he would do and know him better from his choice of action. Here, I'm not really sure why they left Jon alone, or why such a great tracker as Qhorion coudln't find Jon after his chase. Which brings me to--Jon sparing Ygritte. This didn't make a whole lot of sense. I didn't think he missed his swing, but then if not, why did he start chasing her? Wasn't that swing on teh rock a signal he was letting her go? Plus, the time used on the chase is kinda wasted, and as I mentioned above, it doesn't make sense that Qhorin and the rest haven't found Jon. He didn't go that far.--Death of Amory Lorch. I don't really care that they killed him off early, but I wasn't a fan of how he went. Too comical, and the whole thing with Arya stealing hte letter just feels like manufactured tension. Much prefer the assassinations that look like accidents from the book, not Lorch just falling over dead with a dart in his neck after knocking on Tywin's door.--Dany's dragons being stolen. Another manufactured cliffhanger ending. Getting a little sick of these, and I kind of feel like this show is turning too much into True Blood, with cliffhangers at every ending and just big events happening with little character development. This is partly because they don't have time with only ten episodes, but they still could have spent hte time better. Too much time with Dany in Qarth, adn I was rolling my eyes at her long, rambling speech to the Spice guy.I agree with pretty much everything you said. "Manufactured tension" is the theme of this season, it seems. The Craster cliffhanger, Arya stealing the letter, and now the dragons being stolen... stupid and unnecessary. Oh, did anyone else find that Sansa was out of character with Shae? The last time they spoke she completely distrusted her (and with good reason). Sansa didn't trust anyone in King's Landing. And now she starts trusting Shae and needs to be reminded, by Shae herself, to not trust anyone? Meh.
198	sennahoj	2012-05-07	I loved this episode. The storylines were juggled nicely and the episode just flew by. The changes worked for me. The taking of Winterfell really surprised me as a starter, but it was a really intense chapter, especially for Theon. The only thing that felt a bit rushed there was that they put the (apparent) escape from Winterfell in the same episode.
At Harrenhal the Tywin/Arya interactions might be out of character for Tywin, but they help explain why Arya doesn't choose Tywin for her next victim. For the show it made sense to have Littlefinger negotiate the Lannister/Tyrell alliance on both ends, but since we have no real measure of time passing on the show it really feels as if he's everywhere.
Great introduction of Ygritte, although they expanded it quite a bit and deviated from the book. But in my opinion the great Icelandic vistas made it all worthwhile.
The riot scene and the aftermath were great, especially Tyrion still in shock and in dwarf-rage at the same time, and of course the Hound. My only gripe with this is that apparently all horses in King's Landing have already been eaten. Why would the king's procession be on foot? Okay, budget, animals on set, all difficult to handle, but no horses at all?
Finally, Dany's storyline got a twist which I really liked. Stealing the dragons is a major deviation from the books, but seeing as everyone wants her dragons, it still seems plausible. Saving her children from the warlocks adds to the urgency for the mother of dragons to go there. Also, I was under the impression that they pitched the dragons' screams to sound a bit like crying babies. Or am I imagining things?
In my opinion strongest episode so far.
199	Ran	2012-05-07	I don't know why people are picking on Littlefinger ending up at Harrenhal. He left the Tyrell camp within a day of Catelyn, and Catelyn reaches Robb in the westerlands this episode, an even further distance. The show has decided to not bother at all with trying to make sense of travel or suggest the passage of time.
200	Morrigan	2012-05-07	I don't know why people are picking on Littlefinger ending up at Harrenhal. He left the Tyrell camp within a day of Catelyn, and Catelyn reaches Robb in the westerlands this episode, an even further distance. The show has decided to not bother at all with trying to make sense of travel or suggest the passage of time.I suppose you have a point but to be honest I didn't like Catelyn reaching Robb's camp so soon either. In fact I didn't like Catelyn reaching Robb's camp, period....
201	Dragon of Valyria	2012-05-07	Oh, did anyone else find that Sansa was out of character with Shae? The last time they spoke she completely distrusted her (and with good reason). Sansa didn't trust anyone in King's Landing. And now she starts trusting Shae and needs to be reminded, by Shae herself, to not trust anyone? Meh. Yeah, that was a bit odd.. I liked her questions about why the rapists hated her, but the bit about her trusting Shae is ridiculous. She was smart enough to play the act with Tyrion, who saved her, she should be smart enough to play act here too.
202	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-07	I agree with pretty much everything you said. "Manufactured tension" is the theme of this season, it seems. The Craster cliffhanger, Arya stealing the letter, and now the dragons being stolen... stupid and unnecessary.Oh, did anyone else find that Sansa was out of character with Shae? The last time they spoke she completely distrusted her (and with good reason). Sansa didn't trust anyone in King's Landing. And now she starts trusting Shae and needs to be reminded, by Shae herself, to not trust anyone? Meh.I didn't have a problem with that. Considering what Sansa had just gone through, it doesn't seem implausible that she'd turn to her servant for comfort/questions. It's good that they're giving her some screentime; she's really been shortchanged this season. I'm not even sure if she'll meet Dontos this season; she should have met him before the part where Joffrey has her beaten.I don't know, I kind of feel like the writers are just trying too hard to make the story more interesting and dramatic and are ignoring setup adn character development. Frankly, ten episodes was just not nearly enough time for this book, especially with all the stuff they're adding to it. They're hitting most of the key plot points and events, but losing out on all the little moments and sublteties that work so well in the book. Sometimes it does feel like episodes are just a random collection of scenes from differnet characters.
203	ace	2012-05-07	The dragon stealing was probably the biggest departure from the books so far. My first thought was that it was the warlocks, though what was that tower? Could that be the house of the undying? 
I see they decided to portray Robb's affair with Jayne. Of course that makes no sense. Book Robb married her because he slept with her. The whole point was that it was a spur of the moment thing. By portraying this as a long affair the show makes Robb look stupid. He knows he shouldn't betray the Freys and still he does it. Makes the RW almost well deserved.
Same with Jon. The whole point of his defection was that Qhorin ordered him to go with them and do whatever they asked of him. Now he's apparently lost with Ygrette and she takes him to Mance herself.
Seeing Tywin Lannister, Hand of the King, Warden of the West, the Queen's father, richest and most powerful man in all the Seven Kingdom's doing psychotherapy sessions with a 10 year old lowborn servant girl was bizarre to say the least. I know this is Hollywood but at least try to make the show look believable.
The best parts of the episode were no doubt in Winterfell. It was interesting to see how Theon is pressured by his men into becoming a tyrant. In the book it kinda came natural to him. I probably prefer this version though I will now not be able to hate this Theon with quite the same passion. Only complaints I have  (besides the obvious ones about shortening every scene) are Rodrick apparently going from Winterfell to Torrhen's square, retaking it, then coming back at the same time that it took Theon to get to Winterfell once, and Theon started earlier. Might be a nitpick but it's this kind of things that hurt the immersion in the story. And where's Bolton's bastard? Without him there will have to be major changes to Theon's story too.
204	DirtyRobes	2012-05-07	A pity that the riot scene did not involve horses.  They would have added a lot.  Budgets are a sad reality.I honestly doubt it would have been budget, but it would have been HELL to film that scene with horses + having to do it take after take. Horses scare Really easy, the show "Luck" learned that the hard way. Also if the narrow setting of the riot was a real place and not a set/stage(although that creates a Whole new set of problems) if even one horse got spooked it could trample countless extras/cameras/sets.
205	lemoncurd	2012-05-07	Is it just me or is the actor playing the High Septon the same person playing Qarth's Spice Merchant?
206	Shienberg	2012-05-07	My $0.02
I definately fall in the best episode yet this season camp. I have concerns, but I enjoy the show greatly.
Obviously there are more deviations from the book this season compared to last. I respect the right/need to make some changes for television. My only complaint is that they are jarring. they take me out of the story for a moment when I think... "wait, that didn't happen". That said I think there are some situations where people take it too far, nitpicking details like, "they were on horsees", and other situations were I agree things are unnecessary like the Jon chases Ygritte scene. I love love love this show, same with the books, but they are two different things. For me it's just important that they get the major touchstones right. They haven't failed yet, but there are things I am concerned about. Weasel soup is the nearest of those concerns on the horizon. But more about the epi...
I agree with those who say that Theon is much more sympathetic in the show than the books. In the books I didn't truly start to like him until he lept from the walls of Winterfell. In the show you see the characters conflicted loyalties much more clearly. Maybe its the actor but regardless I look forward to Theon scenes while in the book his chapters where not the ones I was overjoyed about. similar with Sansa. For some reason I find her much more interesting in the show. Her silent, patient struggle is much more compelling on the screen than on the page.... wait, sidetrack... the epi...
The capture of Winterfell was well done all around. No problem with Roderick tacking the many hacked beheading. Some things just have to be condensed. And yes the look on Theon's face after was priceless. Man poor Rickon is gonna be one messed up little shit by the time Davos gets to him. The things this kid has seen and been through. I still laugh thinking about him cracking nuts last week.
Loved the riot scene although it didn't seem as desperate or chaotic as in the books. Im not sure what I liked better, the Hounds rescue of Sansa or Tyrion chewing out Joff. Joff is certainly a viscious idiot!
I become more and more ok with the Roose/Tywin switch everytime Arya and Tywin are on screen. some say "oh, he would never talk to a cupbearer....". Since we don't get a Tywin pov Im not sure anyone truly has that much insight to his personality. I do however hate the way Littlefinger is frickin everywhere. If he's traveling all across Westeros how the hell is he arranging Sansa's escape with Dontos. Which by the way is sorely missing. There has been no establishment of a Godswood in KL, nor of Sansa praying. Why intro Dontos in the first ep and then throw him in a closet til next year....? Anyway, way to much Littlefinger and not enough Varys, in my opinion.
Yes the nurse girl form Volantis will be Jeyne Westerling. Im suprised Robb didn't say; "hello Mother, nice to see you, and by the way who is that giant woman dressed like a knight who seems to be following you?" You would think it would spark some curiosity.
I got giddy as a schoolgirl when Roose suggested sending his bastard to take back Winterfell!
My only problem with Arya's kill #2 is that her attitude, the way she commanded Jaqen and her carelessness in stealing the note in the first place, do not seem like qualities that would make him want to send her off to the faceless men for training. On screen though, the way they did the scene, I thought it made good tv.
One last gripe. In that big open northern waste, Qhorin had left Jon like two minutes before Ygritte ran off. They would still be like right there when he was chasing her. Ok 2 last gripes. Why hasn't the open ing map taken us beyond the wall to the fist of the first men? Seems silly not to.
As we approach the end of the season I am looking forward to the arrival of Arstan Whitebeard and Strong Belwas. But I am wondering how the will desguise Ser Barristan for the tv audience since obviously we will be able to see him.
Great epi, great show!
207	BlackTalon	2012-05-07	why should he know she is highborn? All he knows is that she knows how to read.the show makes it clear, just ten seconds earlier, that not even many highborn MEN ( and and high-ranking army commanders) know how to read well, how likely is that a peasant can, much less a girl child?I did not like this episode at all, there were more plotholes than plot.I did not like YgritteÂ´s "escape", so pontless and ridiculous, same as DanyÂ´s speech to the spice king. She came across like she was about ready to be signed into a mental institution, so hysterical and over the top.
208	Conchobar	2012-05-07	Jesus guys, Ramsay is NOT GOING TO BE DAGMER.
Roose said my bastard is at the dreadfort, not the iron islands. Ramsay will be someone new, stop a worryin! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Also, I hope Snow gets back to the lads and doesn't join the wildlings straight away, that scene where with Snow and Qhorin is crucial. I also wanna see the other members of the watch get killed off as they retreat.
Love the episode. Funny seeing the wedding ring on the guy who talked back to Theon before Cassel turned up.
I like Jeyne Westerling insinuating being a spy /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> should be interesting to see how that turns out. I know if I was Rhob I would be under her spell too.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 07 May 2012 - 04:29 AM.
209	reedmindstarkheart	2012-05-07	Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pretty obvious that the twist in the show is that Pyat Pree or someone else stole the dragons so Dany would have some reason to go to the House of the Undying, right?
210	greatgeek	2012-05-07	Not really worried about Lady Hornwood missing from the show; they'll have plenty of time to make Ramsays nature known.Lady Hornwood might appear in season 3/4 as part of Theon's story.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pretty obvious that the twist in the show is that Pyat Pree or someone else stole the dragons so Dany would have some reason to go to the House of the Undying, right?It might just be the why she kills the Undying Ones.
					
					
							Edited by greatgeek, 07 May 2012 - 05:09 AM.
211	Solmyr	2012-05-07	Perhaps the first time I actually enjoyed a departure from the novel. It can't be said enough how much better Theon's story gets by him executing someone as important as Ser Rodrik. And it doesn't really spoil the story in the long run, as Ser Rodrik is due to die quite shortly anyway, so why not make the best of it?
As a whole I have to say that my biggest concern about season 2 was that they would fail to properly convey Theon's story and he will turn into an antagonist. In hindsight I have to say that conveying Theon's story properly, on occasions even better, has been the height of the season, whereas many other storylines suffer. Given his story to come in later books, I am pleased with this development and not at all worried that Theon might be becoming a far-more-important a character than he was in book 2.
Naught shall be spoken on the subject of dragon theft, lest the Doom falls upon us all.
212	Gongsun Zan	2012-05-07	The priest having his arm torn off like this was some kind of Romero zombie movie really broke it for me.
Also, I HATED the change to Jon Snow's scenes. In the book he made a decision to let Ygritte go. Here just looks like an indecisive flub. This is like writing class 101: people like decisive protagonists not flubs.
					
					
							Edited by Gongsun Zan, 07 May 2012 - 05:59 AM.
213	Balefont	2012-05-07	I liked the pacing of this episode.
214	Nebmai	2012-05-07	Very good episode one of the best this season, here was the highlights :
-The Dog being the disgruntled boss of vioLENCE
-Introducing the San / San thing more; really entertaining later on especially highlighting the awesome difference between Arya and Sans, as seen in Book 3; "Stop thinking of ways to kill me in my sleep, Wolf Girl!" vs "Sing me a song, Little Bird!"
-Someone is Dany's base killing her doodz stealing her dragonz
-Good handling of getting the Winterfell escape in a compressed format, it seemed to fit in naturally even though it was rushed overall.
-Tonk's boobs.  Yup.  The best part, actually was useful to the plot not too gratuitous though a welcome way to fill this week's boob quotient. 
-The direction of Ygritte seemed good, already teasing / starting to pursue Jon; the hip thing evil smile was hilarious.
-The Bastard of Bolton incoming!  Run, seriously gtfo lock up your daughters.  Such a good creepy uber villain character which will be needed after the Purple Wedding.
-Arya yelling at Jaqen then the way they cut it to the darting seriously made me laugh out loud.
-The Littlefinger scene was an interesting little twist.
-They did a good job on the riot, stop whining about horses using them would of been really expensive and dangerous and it didn't take away any from the scene.
This and epsiode 3 were my favorites from season two so far.
215	DarkSnow	2012-05-07	The dragon stealing was probably the biggest departure from the books so far. My first thought was that it was the warlocks, though what was that tower? Could that be the house of the undying?I see they decided to portray Robb's affair with Jayne. Of course that makes no sense. Book Robb married her because he slept with her. The whole point was that it was a spur of the moment thing. By portraying this as a long affair the show makes Robb look stupid. He knows he shouldn't betray the Freys and still he does it. Makes the RW almost well deserved.Same with Jon. The whole point of his defection was that Qhorin ordered him to go with them and do whatever they asked of him. Now he's apparently lost with Ygrette and she takes him to Mance herself.Seeing Tywin Lannister, Hand of the King, Warden of the West, the Queen's father, richest and most powerful man in all the Seven Kingdom's doing psychotherapy sessions with a 10 year old lowborn servant girl was bizarre to say the least. I know this is Hollywood but at least try to make the show look believable.The best parts of the episode were no doubt in Winterfell. It was interesting to see how Theon is pressured by his men into becoming a tyrant. In the book it kinda came natural to him. I probably prefer this version though I will now not be able to hate this Theon with quite the same passion. Only complaints I have  (besides the obvious ones about shortening every scene) are Rodrick apparently going from Winterfell to Torrhen's square, retaking it, then coming back at the same time that it took Theon to get to Winterfell once, and Theon started earlier. Might be a nitpick but it's this kind of things that hurt the immersion in the story. And where's Bolton's bastard? Without him there will have to be major changes to Theon's story too.I still think it will be a spur of the moment thing, in the episode he knew that he had a duty to fulfill his word to the Freys so it likely that he sleeps with her after hearing that Theon has killed Bran and Rickon as in the books and marrys her to protect her honor.
216	Seed	2012-05-07	thought this was a great episode, loved theon, loved the riot. my only complaint is the scene with little finger. why is little finger so interested in trying to look at who this cupbearer is? it didn't make any sense. i get that you want to have some tension, but it was over the top, seemed like a comedy routine.It was obvious that Arya was trying to hide her face.  That's what piqued his interest, esp after he got a half a glimpse.  He knew who she was.
217	David Selig	2012-05-07	Weakest episode of the season IMO. Too many "WTF" scenes not because they were changed from the books, but because they made very little sense. Jon's chase of Ygritte was just ridiculous, just as the later scene with them lying next to each other (Rockroi explained perfectly why). Sansa suddenly trusting and treating Shae like a close friend when the last time we saw those two she hated her and thought she was a spy, Dany thinking that a few ships are all she needs to take the iron Throne, Littlefinger and Arya scene (they've really made him totally incompetent at anything besides brothel management this season) - all of this was poorly written.
Some good moments, of course - the riot, the Winterefell scenes, Michelle Fairley being awesome as usual, but overall I was disappointed. Rose Leslie's acting was great, a shame they didn't give her some decent lines instead of all that nonsense.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 07 May 2012 - 06:26 AM.
218	Nymeria_Snow	2012-05-07	I'm a little disappointed that we actually saw Bran and Rickon leaving. I know it doesn't make any matter to me but somehow it was more dramatic when for a time in the books, we thought Theon had actually murdered them both.
219	Solmyr	2012-05-07	I'm a little disappointed that we actually saw Bran and Rickon leaving. I know it doesn't make any matter to me but somehow it was more dramatic when for a time in the books, we thought Theon had actually murdered them both.In the books they 'leave', backtrack to confuse the trail, hide, Theon 'murders' them, then after Winterfell falls they actually leave. As this is their first 'leaving' they can still be 'murdered' and be presumed dead for a time.
					
					
							Edited by Solmyr, 07 May 2012 - 06:26 AM.
220	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-07	How awesome is Roose Bolton's upside-down flayed man on his breastbone!!!!
"Because the Greyjoy's are treasonous whores..."
PPFFFFFFHHHH
221	Sun	2012-05-07	Loved this episode. My only issues with it are:- Robb & Talysa scene: Idiotic writing, straight out of a hackneyed hollywood romance. They need to fix their interactions and make them more credible or they will really affect the toe of the show.- Amory Lorche's death. A farcical moment that felt so out of tune with the episode. I'm sure they meant for it to come off as shocking, they faild. It was laughable, and somehow made the supposedly very real peril Arry is under less credible.That's it, really. I like with changes to Dany's arc. I hated her arc in the books, and found the fact that no one at any moment ever attempted to steal her tiny baby dragons VERY hard to believe.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 09:33 AM.
222	Nymeria_Snow	2012-05-07	In the books they 'leave', backtrack to confuse the trail, hide, Theon 'murders' them, then after Winterfell falls they actually leave. As this is their first 'leaving' they can still be 'murdered' and be presumed dead for a time.oh yeah, sorry my mistake. It's been a while since I've read Clash of Kings, still shaky remembering it.
223	rmanoj	2012-05-07	I didn't think this episode was up to par. The Winterfell and KL scenes were quite well done (although I'm not sure what's supposed to have happened to Ser Rodrik's army - were they all crushed at Torrhen's Square?), but some of the changes are completely pointless.- Myrcella crying when the book specifically made a point of her not crying? This feels like the writer is trying to stick it to GRRM or something, for no reason at all.- I have no idea where they're going with the Ygritte thing. I hope it doesn't end up being something stupid - like Jon actually deserting or ending up with Mance because of her. These bits are important for his character and they can't afford to mess it up.- Harrenhal...some nicely acted scenes, sure, but the Amory Lorch stuff just seems to be there for a cheap thrill. And Tywin is being randomly warm and open to his suspicious cupbearer.- Littlefinger, Littlefinger everywhere. He is really getting on my nerves.
					
					
							Edited by rmanoj, 07 May 2012 - 06:57 AM.
224	Rhodan	2012-05-07	Seeing Theon taking Winterfell and beheading Rodrik was great and depressing. It was like reading one of those ASOIAF books :-). Still, it was a little strange that Rodrik was totally alone as it seemed. 
Can somebody tell me why this episode was titled as it was? I canÂ´t remember hering the phrase or even seeing the theme.
Anyway, while it wasnÂ´t the worst thing ever on TV, I think I simply dislike style of Vanessa Taylor. She seems to be enjoying writing what she sees as witty dialogue of such characters as Tywin/Arya, Talisa/Robb or Dany/Spice king, but sometimes it looks like sort of parody which quite undermines seriousness of established characters. She is really kinda trying to put some new humor here and there and it rarely works to be honest. About the story itself, only Theon part and kidnapping of dragons seemed to me somehow consequential. I liked KL riot but I would prefer character stuff as Sansa/Dontos and such.
225	Loras	2012-05-07	I think Aiden Gillen must have the best agent on the show!  How on earth does he get to appear in every episode when more central characters miss episodes?
I bet he appears in Highgarden next week!  Too much Littlefinger!
Other than that, this was a fantastic episode!
226	Kaitscralt	2012-05-07	What did the letter say that Arya took? Also, unless Jaqen took it back, wouldn't Tywin know that Arya took it?
227	Mendoza	2012-05-07	I really don't have much issue with many of the changes. I like the idea of the dragons being used to lure Danny into the House of the Undying. I thought the stuff Arya faced was a great way to force out her second kill. I also think Tywin knows who she is and is amused by her lies. Of course, if so, he's a much kindlier jailer than his crazy family in Kings Landing. 
The Robb romance stuff is straight out of bad 2 star romance movie. I'll agree with that.
228	Dracarya	2012-05-07	Now I'm a bit more coherent, I'll give more of my thoughts:
- Like I said, very happy that Ramsay was mentioned. He's an evil bastard but necessary to the story, IMHO.
- I loved how Bran looked at Theon when he first said he'd taken Winterfell. Kinda like 'bitch, please' /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> All the scenes there were amazing, despite some tiny changes. Osha was brilliant, and when they sneaked out at the end I was like 'don't forget the wolves!'. Thankfully they were behind them.
- Theon killing Ser Rodrik was awful, but such a good scene. Very powerful.
- Dany's storyline has changed quite a lot, but someone stealing her dragons (and, IMO, taking them to the HotU) isn't a change I have much of a problem with. I like how everything that happens to her is undermining her, making her prove herself - the spice lord was so condescending towards her, I think it shows that yeah, she might have dragons, but she's still a young girl, and she has to earn what she wants. Much more believable, I like it. Not sure why Irri was killed though - her khalasar is shrinking to nothing. I wonder if Doreah as in on the theft of the dragons.. interesting.
- Talisa is one change I don't like. If they end up making her a Lannister spy and it comes out that she's Jeyne Westerling, well, I don't know how that would work. Robb would never marry her after that, so maybe they do the deed, get married, and then it comes out, but she's fallen in love with him during that time? I'm waiting to see on that one, but so far, I'm unimpressed. The best thing about that scene was the looks Catelyn was giving her.
- Arya and Tywin were great, despite the deviation from the books. Charles Dance just nails it, so I can't complain too much. I liked the Amory Lorch scene, it showed the same kind of mindset that Arya had in the book - kill those who are immediately threatening her.
All in all, best episode so far. As an adaptation, it's getting worse, but I'm trying to save myself some disappointment by just watching the show as it's own thing, like I did with Dexter. I hope they don't deviate as far as Dexter did, but most of what they're doing differently works.
229	ServantOnIce	2012-05-07	1. It is obvious that Doreah betrayed Dany. She was tired of being a harlot/slave and wanted money and freedom. That was an inside job as her body wasn't amongst the slain.2. I hated they have killed off Dany's Khalaasar (sp?) it was an important part of the decisions she made, good ones and bad ones in the books and now they are almost all gone except for a handful. Also, seems like Dany won't be having "serviced" scenes that are in Storm and Dragons. I thought those were unnecessary in the books.3. So it seems like they are really for budget and time dumping a lot of stuff. Also, to keep the TV audience from being more confused than I am sure they are.4. Stealing the Dragons is LAME! Seeing dead Unsullied and dead Dothraki was a shock. It seems that GRRM wants to shock and awe book readers again by allowing D and D to achieve more fan fiction.5. They have greatly departed from the books. Ser Rodrik was killed by Lord Ramsay Snow. But to show Theon's arc they showed Theon killing someone who trained him at arms. Sort of like Anakin Skywalker killing the Young Padawans in "Revenge of the Sith."6. I liked the Osha scene but it was predictable, again sex scenes aren't my thing that is why I have a remote.7. The Littlefinger Arya scene was forced. I enjoyed the banter between Lord Tywin and Arya, it seems to me that Lord Tywin knows who Arya is but is playing with her until his suspicions are confirmed.Bad departure in some ways, good in others. I've never seen a "Harry Potter" movie so all the HP folks are freaking out after seeing her neekid. Calm down folks it wasn't porn. Yessh . .
230	Talleyrand	2012-05-07	I'm liking the inclusion of Roose but where the hell has the Greatjon gone?
231	ServantOnIce	2012-05-07	The creepiest thing was the voice of the Actress playing Ygritte (who is too clean and too pretty to be the book Ygritte) her voice sounds the same as I imagined Ygritte's in my head!!!
232	ServantOnIce	2012-05-07	I'm liking the inclusion of Roose but where the hell has the Greatjon gone?The Greatjon Umber has gone to help Dany find her Dragons that Pyat Pree stole and took to the House of the Undying which strangely looks like the Tower of Babel . . it is known  . .
233	StannisWins	2012-05-07	I've never seen this much nit picking in my entire life. If you just went by this forum you would think that GRRM fans absolutely hate the show.
234	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	why should he know she is highborn? All he knows is that she knows how to read. Also, in the books Arya is as sharp as a whip and I must say that Tywin makes several stupid moves. Like thinking Rob would actually send acurate word of his advance. Or not recognizing Tyrions genius years before and utilizing him effectivly. He's not a genius of a man, just a rich one.The problem I have with neither Tywin nor LF spotting Arya either as who she is (LF) or at least as a highborn (Tywin) is that we get Robb the 1st spotting Talissa as a highborn lady with far fewer interactions.  LF is supposed to be a people reader and Twin is master of details, how can they not spot this when Robb does?I liked the episode - how Winterfell was taken, Theon needing three swings to get Cassells head off, I would have liked the riot to be bigger but they did it well.  The interaction between Tywin & Baelish was fine, Arya showed some of the "mouse" that she felt in Harrenhall - just the gap that neither of them could spot her seems really awkward with Robb being able to do that same thing.  The spicer was great, I love that while people are amazed at her dragons, not everyone is just falling over themselves to befriend her.Jon/Ygritte - meh, another scene that makes Jon look like a moron; if he wasn't going to kill her, why chase her?Osha turning to Theon - screen time is at at a premium, have her say she's a spearwife, kick the guard in the junk and take the spear.  She's gained the trust and can still slit the guards throat.Dragon-napping: yay, artificial cliff hanger.
235	Versiroth	2012-05-07	Glad to hear Ramsay will be in it. But as a purist, this season has been painful. The show only uses the books as a guideline now. Don't say it's because of "budget." Last season stayed very close to the books, and a lot of plots/scenes have been added. Most of the dialogue in the show now never happened in the books.Most of the changes this season have been to spice it up.  Nothing really happens in the Dany story, so they added her dragons being stolen to make it more entertaining.   Same with Jon and Craster and now John and Ygritte.   Most of the changes, like these, make perfect sense for TV as they are more entertaining than the scenes in the book.
236	Jovet	2012-05-07	Are we sure that Osha and the Stark kids are going to be hiding in the crypts? With the way things are going this season, I wouldn't be surprised if they just leave Winterfell all together and start out towards the Wall.I had that exact same thought!  But that leaves the death of the Maester unresolved, too.
237	legba11	2012-05-07	First Impressions: 
I've overused this expression but it becomes more and more true.  If any purist survived the first five episodes, their heads exploded this week.  Massive changes.  This doesn't bother me, the show is the show and the books are the books.  I am happy when they change things because I get surprised. 
Again, they followed last week's reverse formula of starting with the big bang.  Other than Theon's first speech to Bran (which seemed forced exposition, and out of place in such an emotional place), excellent scene.
The Jon scenes were well done but formulaic, nothing special.  I don't like Ygritte in the books, and I don't like her here.  She is a paint by numbers stereotype in both formats.  The Halfhand is good, but not great.
Arya and Tywin are just great, no moment will match "Anyone can die.", but another well crafted scene between them.  I think we will see the cold heart of Tywin when he leaves without saying a word and passes her off to Vargo Hoat. Littlefinger knowing where Arya is opens up all kinds of possibilities. I loved Lorch's death.
The High Septon looks exactly like the Spice Merchant.  The riot was very well done.  Hopefully that will quiet the mewing of the Hound's posse here.
Dany/Spice King was effective and ends with the huge bang.  Glad they are going to give Dany something heroic to do. Likely leading to the return of Barristan.
238	ServantOnIce	2012-05-07	So am I guessing this is what happens next
1. Doreah gets killed for betraying Queen Dany
2. Ramsay Snow ambushes the Iron Born troops takes their dressings on his own men, so when Theon thinks that the Iron Born are coming to help him, it is in fact the Boltons in disguise. They knock out or kill Theon (I don't put it past D and D) and put the castle to the torch. Good way of setting things up that way if anyone sees it they will see Kraken banners and gear not flayed man of The Dreadfort.  
3. I miss Roose's hair . .  where is his long black thin hair? They couldn't get this guy a wig?
239	Fragile Bird	2012-05-07	Is it just me or is the actor playing the High Septon the same person playing Qarth's Spice Merchant?Welcome to Westeros, Lemoncurd, first post!  I'd have to look at the cast list, but I think they're different.
240	BastardOfWinterfell	2012-05-07	I didn't like them in the books, but something about TV-Ygritte is endearing. Maybe I'll start to dislike her healthily after the 10th "You know nothing, Jon Snow," but I right now I like this Ygritte a lot. Right now she's spirited without being obnoxious, although maybe the obnoxious part will come out soon.I realize I represent the minority here but--I WISH the Ygritte was more like the one in the books, a tough disheveled experienced folksy "obnoxious" warrior. I loved her the way she was in the books, and I feel like the version on the show is kind of a pretty eye-shadow-bearing sanitized version designed to appeal to most of us today. I just -- that's not really who she IS, and I think what's awesome about the book is being able to mold together and establish the very tension between the opposites in John Snow and Ygritte. Being able to accept and appreciate the love they feel for each other, despite being so very different in so many regards. And I really don't think Ygritte is that obnoxious, "You know nothing John Snow" makes sense to me, coming from a lady who has been trained to survive in the harshest environment in the seven kingdoms. Wouldn't YOU feel the same way, confronted with somebody who had it relatively easy, who had so many opinions that disagreed with the ones you were raised with?I wanted a more authentic wildling in Ygritte, and I think that's crucial to the love story unfolding between them. When Jon Snow (SPOILER ALERT) realizes she is dead, I don't want to feel like I'm watching the ending of the Titanic -- because it's not so simplistic. It's that Jon Snow simply cannot ultimately overcome the cultural barrier between him and a wildling -- not just because they are on two sides of the war, but also because they are two very different personalities. He knows he cannot trust her. I'm rambling.As for Tywin -- very similar views here. It's not that I dislike the Tywin scenes, but I do call into question whether it REALLY is Tywin Lannister showing respect and interest to a servant. This is the guy who had a full barracks of men rape a woman his son married because she was simply not royalty, in order to embed a sense of discrimination in his son. Tywin's message - there are rulers, and there are ruled, and if you are a ruler, then any woman not of royalty is a whore (after your riches), and this is to make sure you NEVER make the mistake of bridging that divide. So... Yes, there is grey in ASoIaF, but different shades of grey: Tywin WAS a very prejudiced man, and that makes perfect sense given the inevitably hierarchical medieval Machiavellian setting he lived in, and I do think people should appreciate that, or at the very least be exposed to it. That system of oligarchical conquest persisted for a while... it didn't change much until the rapid advances in the economy and in weapon technology which created less incentive and a sort of deterrent to non-stop conquest (no longer needed to plunder others to have enough natural resources, and the risk was higher), and also decentralized protection; protection which peasants formerly heavily relied on the ruling class to provide.There are these notions we often have of "uncivilized", "racist", "classist", or "sexist" just being an unfortunate *happenstance* of the past, rather than realizing their existence and early development were (pretty much) inevitable and "logical" outcomes given historical context. I feel like the book/author strongly embodies this sentiment, which I think ultimately represents appreciating "grey" in all the characters--NOT this "everybody has a good heart" rubbish that seems to be a common TV series pitch these days.So... yeah I'd like to see Ygritte and Tywin a little LESS endearing, the way they were in the books. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Doubt many will read this, but feel free to PM me if you disagree!
					
					
							Edited by BastardOfWinterfell, 07 May 2012 - 07:57 AM.
241	Sun	2012-05-07	What did the letter say that Arya took? Also, unless Jaqen took it back, wouldn't Tywin know that Arya took it?The bit I read said: "Robb Stark moves troops south by coast. Alert.... turn east at silverhill"
242	Arkash	2012-05-07	Am I the only one thinking the show is damn faithful to the books ?
All the changes there were were merely tiny changes, some little stuff modified.
But the core is still there, the main story lines are still there, no change has been really important so far, only tiny details were modified but this is still the exact same story as in the books.
243	Crown	2012-05-07	Am I the only one thinking the show is damn faithful to the books ?All the changes there were were merely tiny changes, some little stuff modified.But the core is still there, the main story lines are still there, no change has been really important so far, only tiny details were modified but this is still the exact same story as in the books.People like to be negative about everything.
244	Apoapsis	2012-05-07	The letter that Arya took would be from Roose, right? It would fit with Robb saying that he can't discuss troop movements with "Jeyne" since she might be a spy, but we have seen him discuss them freely with Roose.
245	never trust a bard	2012-05-07	What's up with Osha and why is her head always crooked over to the side?Right?  I asked my husband the same thing. I am really loving this season so far, but am sad that its going by so fast.  I'm good with all the changes so far because there's only so much time and, well, I'm not gonna complain if they speed up Dany's storyline.  I feel like kidnapping the dragons just served to add some excitement to her story a bit, as opposed to just showing her yelling at people all the time.  Honestly, I don't think Clark's acting is all that great, so the less of her yelling about taking what is her's by right, the better, IMO.  Can't wait to her in the HOTU!! LOVED the Theon stuff too.  That was perfect.  Major kudos to the acting for Theon and Bran.
246	legba11	2012-05-07	- Osha! Tonks busting the kiddos out was awesome. And we got a glimpse of Shaggydog! Loved it when she slit the guys' throat -- great shot of her with her arm out, looking like a ninja.By Shaggydog, what exactly are you referring to?
247	Arkash	2012-05-07	We have a glimpse of Shaggydog alongside Summer at the end of the episode, when they leave Winterfell.
248	Mista C	2012-05-07	What an episode!!!  The opening scene with Theon when he killed Ser Rodrick was so intense, I didn't even hear one word of the next scene with Jon Snow... my brain was still trying to process what I just saw!  And the Hound in action!  Woo Hoo!  But why, why, WHY did he not kill that last guy cowering in the corner when he was walking out with Sansa over his shoulder?!?!  I thought for sure that he was going to stop and stab that dude.  Tywin seemed a little too chatty with Aria, but still a great scene.  And Dany getting her dragons stolen?  At first I was like what is this nonsense... but after I thought about it more, I always wondered while reading the books why this was never attempted.  Anywhoo, great episode, and it actually felt long to me for once!
249	Fez	2012-05-07	Am I the only one thinking the show is damn faithful to the books ?All the changes there were were merely tiny changes, some little stuff modified.But the core is still there, the main story lines are still there, no change has been really important so far, only tiny details were modified but this is still the exact same story as in the books.Oh I agree. And even the things that seem like that might lead to big changes aren't really. Littlefinger at Harrenhal is annoying (seriously, is his secret weapon having a car?) but even if he recognized Arya it's not like she's going to end up back at King's Landing. Dany losing her dragons was a shocker, but it makes sense, and you know she's going to get them all back. The major notes are all still being hit, and I don't see any evidence that future ones won't be.Changes for their own sake can be annoying but the only one I really noticed was the Jeyne Westerling stand-in and its clear that storyline is heading to the same place. Changes that improve on something in the novel, like Arya being forced to "waste" her second death, are great. Changes that reveal something important about a character, like the Tywin/Arya interactions, are always welcome in a story.  Changes that can add drama without sacrificing the story or common sense, like someone trying to steal the dragons, should be welcomed.GRRM has frequently said that his authoring-style is akin to gardening, where he doesn't always know what the paths the journey will take when he starts out, but that he does know where it will all end up. Dan and David are growing their garden a bit differently, maybe more hydroponically (disclaimer: I don't have a good grasp of gardening terminology), but they will still have the same tomatoes in the end. Ripe, delicious, and bloody, tomatoes.
250	Arkash	2012-05-07	and its clear that storyline is heading to the same place.That is exactly what I feel too, yes ! Despite the tiny variations, we are watching the same story !
251	never trust a bard	2012-05-07	Oh I agree. And even the things that seem like that might lead to big changes aren't really. Littlefinger at Harrenhal is annoying (seriously, is his secret weapon having a car?)hahaha! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
252	Kaitscralt	2012-05-07	I'm curious why only one person was sneaking the dragons to the House of the Undying, especially if it's Doreah, considering Daenerys' entire khalasaar was murdered to get them.
253	Sun	2012-05-07	The letter that Arya took would be from Roose, right? It would fit with Robb saying that he can't discuss troop movements with "Jeyne" since she might be a spy, but we have seen him discuss them freely with Roose.The way they shot the close up of the letter, Roose advising Robb not to go back north but to let his bastard son go to Winterfell, and Robb mentioning spies, all combined to ring a red bell in my mind while watching the show. I think it was intended for us to suspect the letter is from a spy, and make us suspect someone with access to Robb. At this point I think we're meant to suspect Talysa, she's still a mystery to us, but whether it's her or Roose depends on what D&D want to do with both characters next season.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 09:31 AM.
254	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-05-07	Count me among those who didn't get the general criticism of this episode. I thought it was much better than the previous one, to be honest!Best parts:Sack of Winterfell - 2 minutes into the episode and I was already teary-eyed. Theon killing Ser Rodrik instead of the servant (can't remember now who was) to pay "the iron price" was not a bad change. I get that in the book, it may have a special meaning that even a lowborn man would get Theon schooled ("Lord Stark always took care of his own deaths" or something like this), but being directly responsible for Ser Rodrik's beheading probably has more impact in Theon's psyque. In addition,  props to Master Luwin/Donald Sumpter /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />The riot at King's Landing - loved it, truly well-directed IMO. Great acting by both Jack Gleeson and Peter Dinklage. Also, Joff slap /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Jaqen's face when Arya tells him to hurry the f**** up - priceless. I honestly laughed out loud!NW scenes - those Icelandic landscapes are simply incredible. The girl who plays Ygritte was some spot-on casting IMO.As for Dany getting her dragons stolen.... oh well this is TV. I prefer they'd stick a bit more to the book plot, but i understand besides the HotU, her storyarch is kinda slow and boring in this book. They had to give her something to do and something for the viewers to be interested about.All in all a good episode /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />EDIT - About the letter - probably it was Roose? Although the best cover for Talysa would be mock-telling Robb she's a spy, in order for him not to think so...
					
					
							Edited by Little Miss Sunshine, 07 May 2012 - 08:12 AM.
255	Arkash	2012-05-07	I'm wondering now, even if I didnt find the theory valid at first... yeah, it well may be Doreah who betrayed... we know at least Drogon likes her, so maybe he didnt do too much trouble for following her... and since she's dead in the books, maybe they'll catch up with that and kill her now in the show, and I dont think Pyat Pree would have done this... which leaves eventually just Doreah.
And it's a funny feeling to be surprised by the show and theorizing about who took the dragons...
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 07 May 2012 - 08:12 AM.
256	Spidey	2012-05-07	Hats off to whoever came up with Dagmer=Ramsay.
That's brilliant. It makes perfect sense. Dagmer already seems to take over Reeks function at Theon's side. And it would explain why they didn't cast Ramsay. They actually did, right under our noses. Sneaky bastards.
257	Versiroth	2012-05-07	As for my thoughts...
Dany: I loved the scene with the spice king.  It kind of sets up the mindset that she needs to "fight" for what she wants and not expect people to give it to her.   This sets up her need to go to slavers bay to buy an army nicely.   Also, as I mentioned earlier, they had to give her something more dramatic to do this season than sit around with one breast exposed.   She had to go to the House of the Undying anyway and now, she'll have even more reason to want it burned to the ground.   Also, as far as her visions there go, they could easy make her drink the shade of the evening in order to win her dragons back.  
Jon/Ygritte:   Also loved this.   It give Ygritte more screen time, so Jon and she can build a relationship.   This way, it makes more sense when she vouches for him to Rattleshirt.    I'd imagine that Jon will find the Halfhand in the next episode and he'll release Ygritte before he rejoins his brothers.   I would have also like a "You know nothing John Snow" when he asked her to quit moving the second time. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Theon:   WOW....  I never felt much sympathy for Theon until he became Reek (and even then, it almost made me angry that I DID feel sympathy after what he had done), but I'm genuinely sad for his character.   You can tell that he's fighting himself with every choice made.  Being pulled in two different directions constantly.   They are handling his story brilliantly.
Arya/Tywin/Jaqen/Littlefinger:  I love Jaqen and I'm actually kind of sad that he'll be gone soon.  His reaction when Arya says "Now!" was priceless.   Also, the Dyslexia thing makes sense even if it is new.   Jamie was never known for being book smart and the story adds depth to Tywin and like others have said, reinforces GRRMs premise through out the books.  That just like in life, most people are not inherently good or evil, but a mixture of the two.   
Tyrion/San/San/Joffrey:  Basically a perfect scene.  Tyrion was brilliant as usual.  
This episode was almost perfect.  If gave screen time all around without anything feeling rushed or cut short.   My only problem now is that we're over halfway through this season and the wait for season three will be unbearable. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
258	Versiroth	2012-05-07	Hats off to whoever came up with Dagmer=Ramsay.That's brilliant. It makes perfect sense. Dagmer already seems to take over Reeks function at Theon's side. And it would explain why they didn't cast Ramsay. They actually did, right under our noses. Sneaky bastards.I really like this idea, but wasn't Dagmer with Theon before he left Pyke?  Why would Ramsey be on the Iron Isles?
259	legba11	2012-05-07	LF recognizes Arya.  If he doesn't then that scene is very dishonest, first he notices that she is trying to hide from him, then he gets a clear look at her, and the he ends the scene saying "Both Daughters" while looking right at her.  He knows or that was some very dishonest direction.  (Dishonest direction is when the big twist occurs and you look back at previous scenes and they make know sense considering that twist.)
260	Rockroi	2012-05-07	So, just one more thing about the scene that really has me shaking my head (and its not the dragon kidnapping scene; Dany needs to do something, it makes a certain kind of sense and I am willing to let that play out- it may work):
Why is Jon chasing Ygritte?  I know people here loved that scene (and that's fine you may have better, more refined tastes than me), but we are now 13 pages and 250+ posts and nobody has been able to adequately explain to me why he is chasing her.  Jon decided not to kill her, we get that, and as she runs, he chases her?  Why?  Did she drop her hand-bag?  Why is he chasing after the prisoner he just let free?  Its not that its nonsensical (and don't get me wrong it makes absolutely no sense); its that we had a really clear explanation in the books and we are just not sticking with it.  I mean people seemed to have loved that scene- what is their explanation as to why he's chasing her? 
And remember Ghost?  What was he doing?  Is Ghost really even here at this point?  Was he in the back going, "Jesus... fuck me... all the running ... Jon she... she's just going to try to kill you in your sleep... I'm not chasing that...she's gotta be... what?  Ten fifteen yards away at this point... I could turn an ankle and ... and he nearest hospital is, like 1,500 years away so... and I am NOT going back to Craster's nosireeBob... So, I'm just going to stay over here and wait to see how all this turns out- why don't you chase the redhead and I'll just watch ..."
And my favorite part was when they first capture Ygritte and Qhorin Half-hand is like, "Don't bother asking her any questions; she won't answer them..." And then they proceed to ask her questions and she answers every single one.  Somebody has to be a better proof-reader.
Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her? 
(and one final note: I think this may be one gigantic circumnavigation around Jon's orders to betray the Watch and stay with the wildings and make it so Half-hand actually THINKS Jon has gone over to the wildings.  This may end up with Jon REALLY fighting Halfhand and REALLY being taken in by the wildings.  If that is the case... then I think ... then I think it goes from being "Nitpicking" to "Oh, this is just bad.")
261	Spidey	2012-05-07	I really like this idea, but wasn't Dagmer with Theon before he left Pyke?  Why would Ramsey be on the Iron Isles?In order to steer Theon towards taking Winterfell. Watch their conversation from last weeks episode again. It's Dagmer who nudges him into that direction.
262	Ser Johan of Pennybridge	2012-05-07	Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?My first thought, other than the whole thing being bad for Jon's character, is that he didn't want her to give away their position. But what would she give away? "There were some rangers here that killed some guys." Aren't there rangers out in that side of the wall quite frequently? If not, what are their jobs?
263	Michaelj	2012-05-07	The half-hand will return in future episodes where Jon will have to "prove" something. Its been confirmed, no worrys there.
264	Kaitscralt	2012-05-07	Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?Um... because he never set her free, he just chose not to kill her. I'm not sure why you're having so much trouble with this; he didn't make the choice he did in the novels of letting her go. He couldn't bring himself to kill her, but wasn't about to let her escape, either.Does that concept really need an essay-length post asking why?
265	Michaelj	2012-05-07	The half-hand will return in future episodes where Jon will have to "prove" something. Its been confirmed, no worrys there.
266	rmanoj	2012-05-07	Um... because he never set her free, he just chose not to kill her. I'm not sure why you're having so much trouble with this; he didn't make the choice he did in the novels of letting her go. He couldn't bring himself to kill her, but wasn't about to let her escape, either.Does that concept really need an essay-length post asking why?But what does he expect to do with her? He was supposed to dispose of Ygritte. The other rangers aren't going to accept him just dragging her along as a prisoner if he meets back up with them - or is he about to try taking her back to the Wall by himself?
267	Versiroth	2012-05-07	So, just one more thing about the scene that really has me shaking my head (and its not the dragon kidnapping scene; Dany needs to do something, it makes a certain kind of sense and I am willing to let that play out- it may work):Why is Jon chasing Ygritte?  I know people here loved that scene (and that's fine you may have better, more refined tastes than me), but we are now 13 pages and 250+ posts and nobody has been able to adequately explain to me why he is chasing her.  Jon decided not to kill her, we get that, and as she runs, he chases her?  Why?  Did she drop her hand-bag?  Why is he chasing after the prisoner he just let free?  Its not that its nonsensical (and don't get me wrong it makes absolutely no sense); its that we had a really clear explanation in the books and we are just not sticking with it.  I mean people seemed to have loved that scene- what is their explanation as to why he's chasing her?And remember Ghost?  What was he doing?  Is Ghost really even here at this point?  Was he in the back going, "Jesus... fuck me... all the running ... Jon she... she's just going to try to kill you in your sleep... I'm not chasing that...she's gotta be... what?  Ten fifteen yards away at this point... I could turn an ankle and ... and he nearest hospital is, like 1,500 years away so... and I am NOT going back to Craster's nosireeBob... So, I'm just going to stay over here and wait to see how all this turns out- why don't you chase the redhead and I'll just watch ..."And my favorite part was when they first capture Ygritte and Qhorin Half-hand is like, "Don't bother asking her any questions; she won't answer them..." And then they proceed to ask her questions and she answers every single one.  Somebody has to be a better proof-reader.Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?(and one final note: I think this may be one gigantic circumnavigation around Jon's orders to betray the Watch and stay with the wildings and make it so Half-hand actually THINKS Jon has gone over to the wildings.  This may end up with Jon REALLY fighting Halfhand and REALLY being taken in by the wildings.  If that is the case... then I think ... then I think it goes from being "Nitpicking" to "Oh, this is just bad.")You're really assuming way too much here.   First off, he's chasing her because he didn't let her go yet.   He couldn't kill her, she ran, he chased her.   At this point, I don't think he really knows what to do with her.   I believe that he'll find the Halfhands encampment, but before he rejoins him, he'll "surprisingly" let Ygritte go free.   Later, Ygritte vouches for Jon to Rattleshirt.   Adding in a little more face to face time with the two instead of him letting her go automatically actually works better if you think about it.	It will likely all work out the same in the end.   This way (like most of the changes in the TV series) simply works better on screen than sticking with the way it was done in the book.   They can't do a bunch of inner monologue like you get in a book, so they have to actually "show" you more.   Also, as far as Ghost not being around, they had a scene before this one where he was wondering off.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 07 May 2012 - 08:58 AM.
268	Arkash	2012-05-07	Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?Because he doesnt want her to tell Mance she saw men of the NW... I think Jon is lost as to what to do with her, but doesnt want to let her go.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 07 May 2012 - 08:54 AM.
269	Thunderfist	2012-05-07	Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?If my options were to either spend the night spooning with Ygritte or spooning with Qhorin Halfhand, IÂ´d run after her as well!
270	Francys Targaryen	2012-05-07	Don't understand why people get angry by the deviations the show takes from the books.. Get over it, the show isnt going  to be exactly like the book. If it upsets you that much stop watching the show, read the book again, and shut up.
Ok, good episode.
Dany: Wonder what's going to happen with the stolen dragons. I'm assuming the tower was the house of the undying and the warlocks are somehow mixed up in the theft foreshadowing their inevitable death. *Fingers crossed for Rhaegar vision*
Arya: Did a good job on giving the second death justice, otherwise there would have been little or no reason for J'aqen not to kill tywin or joffrey or something.
KL: Overall good job on those scenes. Tyrion slapping joffrey was sick!
Jon: These are the only scenes i didn't like that much. Can't think of a specific reason why but I didnt like them.
Robb: Still a little skeptical on how the are going to portray the Westerling affair but I am intrigued to see how exactly it goes down.
Once Roose mentioned Ramsay I was basically jumping up and down... Sooo pumped they didn't cut the bastard.
and finally
Theon: Awesome! Effing Awesome! Beheading was great. Liked Ser Rodrik saying "He who gives the sentence should swing the sword."
*Chop Chop Chop.... Kick* lol.
so thats my take on the episode. If something I said bothers you.......... f*** off.
					
					
							Edited by Francys Targaryen, 07 May 2012 - 09:08 AM.
271	legba11	2012-05-07	We have a glimpse of Shaggydog alongside Summer at the end of the episode, when they leave Winterfell.I was making a joke.  We saw something else Shaggy in the scene he described.
272	Arkash	2012-05-07	Oh, okay, didnt get the joke! ^^
Indeed, now! =D
273	Husband to Bears	2012-05-07	Another fantastic episode.
Loved the riot scene in Kings Landing.That merchant got disarmed!  Seeing Joffrey get hit with the cow patty was a nice visual. The hound continues to be awesome, he's such a great character.  If not for the Mountain, I see Sandor as someone similar to Dunk.    
We are missing one element that is bothering me, when does the dragonglass cache get found?  I thought for sure that it was going to happen yesterday when Ghost was keeping his distance.
274	Arkash	2012-05-07	I'm sure, as I've often said, the dragonglass will be find by Sam and co at the Fist, to give them more screen time !
It's the chain we are missing !
275	sagaz	2012-05-07	As for Tywin -- very similar views here. It's not that I dislike the Tywin scenes, but I do call into question whether it REALLY is Tywin Lannister showing respect and interest to a servant. This is the guy who had a full barracks of men rape a woman his son married because she was simply not royalty, in order to embed a sense of discrimination in his son. Tywin's message - there are rulers, and there are ruled, and if you are a ruler, then any woman not of royalty is a whore (after your riches), and this is to make sure you NEVER make the mistake of bridging that divide. So... Yes, there is grey in ASoIaF, but different shades of grey: Tywin WAS a very prejudiced man, and that makes perfect sense given the inevitably hierarchical medieval Machiavellian setting he lived in, and I do think people should appreciate that, or at the very least be exposed to it. That system of oligarchical conquest persisted for a while... it didn't change much until the rapid advances in the economy and in weapon technology which created less incentive and a sort of deterrent to non-stop conquest (no longer needed to plunder others to have enough natural resources, and the risk was higher), and also decentralized protection; protection which peasants formerly heavily relied on the ruling class to provide.There are these notions we often have of "uncivilized", "racist", "classist", or "sexist" just being an unfortunate *happenstance* of the past, rather than realizing their existence and early development were (pretty much) inevitable and "logical" outcomes given historical context. I feel like the book/author strongly embodies this sentiment, which I think ultimately represents appreciating "grey" in all the characters--NOT this "everybody has a good heart" rubbish that seems to be a common TV series pitch these days.So... yeah I'd like to see Ygritte and Tywin a little LESS endearing, the way they were in the books. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Doubt many will read this, but feel free to PM me if you disagree!You're missing the point that they are trying to depict Tywin as someone who values intelligence above other things. He's in harrenhal (an awful place) surrounded by ignorants lords (or wathever) and this girl is the only viable interlocutor he can find. I don't saying it in a nostalgic/romantic way. It's merely practical. an educated man who needs good conversation.They did a very subtle and good job depicting how important is being intelligent to him that he tells how he sits with Jaime 4 hours a day to make him read: a nice contrast between his love for Jaime, the apparently perfect son who can't learn, who can't read and his hate for brilliant Tyrion, who has the intelligence that he admires. This contrast is really interesting.
276	Snow's Spearwife	2012-05-07	Did anyone else hear Talisa say her last name was Maegi (or sounded something very much like that)?  What do you think this means for Robb breaking his vows/Red Wedding storyline and the conjecture surrounding that?
277	Spidey	2012-05-07	You're missing the point that they are trying to depict Tywin as someone who values intelligence above other things. And why wouldn't he? Wits and smarts are what led to the rise of House Lannister.Every Lannister should value this above all else.
278	zep	2012-05-07	Haha are u serious? So just because she's hotter? Oh my god thats fucking retarted.Not as much as how you spell retarded.
279	Sun	2012-05-07	Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?I'm not quite sure where your confusion lies.Why were they killing her in the first place? Two stated reasons:1- Because they don't have enough food to feed her if they let her live.2- Because if they let her go, she would run and alert Mance Rayder and his people of their presence and bring some Wildings back with her to kill em.Why was he chasing her after he failed to kill her? Please see point 2.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 09:57 AM.
280	reek it rhymes with meek	2012-05-07	theon beheaded rodrick? /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' /> I hate this show as much these producers hate theon and make starks heroes and everyone else - except tyrion villains
281	KnightsOfDany	2012-05-07	I said last week the Ghost of Harranhall was the best one this season, well that's changed. Ygritte was cast perfectly, Kissed by Fire indeed.
The attack on the precession was amazing, captured the volatile nature of the city completely. Tyrion's frustrations boiling over and giving us another Joff Slap. And the Hound protecting Sansa it was just great.
The Sack of Winterfell im sure shocked the non-reader audience. Turn Cloak sure was not ready for what he would face. Also glad to see Ramsey will be on his way to make his Reek /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
282	Blisscraft	2012-05-07	I realize HBO needs to condense very long books into @ 1 hour of television.  However, dragon snatching?  Really?
283	Sun	2012-05-07	Did anyone else hear Talisa say her last name was Maegi (or sounded something very much like that)?  What do you think this means for Robb breaking his vows/Red Wedding storyline and the conjecture surrounding that?Jeyne Westerling's grandmother in the books was Maggy the Frog. She was a Maegi. I thought the family name Talysa used in the show (sounds like Maegi) was a nice tie-in to the character's ancestry in the books.I took the name as a little clue that Robb's arc will continue exactly as it was in the books, but expanded. Changes present & future in Talisa should have little effect on the overall outcome his arc, I would think. It's what they do later, with regards to the Westerling family and Sybell Spicer in AFFC, that I'm excited to see.ETA:Also it could be a hint that Talisa is really Jeyne Westerling incognito, after all. That she used Maegi as her family name because that's closest to the truth. It is a Volantine pronunciation of her grandmother's name, Maggy.  So perhaps sometime in the next few episodes we'll discover that Talisa Maegi's real name is Jeyne Westerling.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 10:20 AM.
284	Lord Over	2012-05-07	What I liked:
- The Riot: Not as intense as I imagined it but still impressively close
- The Hound saving the day
- Roose dropping Ramsay's name
- Tywin scenes
- Lolly cameo
- JQ one-shotting some poor schmuck
What I didn't like:
- Robb+Talisa - part 2 - The King and the Amputator Princess
- Cate giving Robb a 'you go tiger' look. I literally CRINGED when she did that
- Dany's acting this week: I don't know, I usually like her but when she gave another Fire * Blood Â<U+0099> speech, her voice was way too shaky.
All in all, nice episode. Possibly my second favorite this season
285	DornishKnight	2012-05-07	In order to steer Theon towards taking Winterfell. Watch their conversation from last weeks episode again. It's Dagmer who nudges him into that direction.1. What is Ramsay doing on the Isles? Why would he go there?2. Roose says his bastard is at the Dreadfort.I'm not buying Dagmer=Ramsay, yet.
286	howland_reed	2012-05-07	My only disappointment in this otherwise amazing episode was the constant logic holes regarding the direwolves.
Where is Ghost when Jon chases Ygritte or when they attack the wildling camp?
Where are Summer and Shaggydog when Theon attacks?  Why did the show not stress how difficult it was keeping the wolves contained, or how the Ironborn accomplished this?
They portray the direwolves as the Starks' protectors, but other than Bran's attempted assassination last season or quick shots of Greywind by Robb's side, they've been nothing but domesticated pets.  I would've liked even a simple scene of Summer sitting by Bran's bed when Theon first arrives, growling at him until Bran mollifies his pet.
287	Snow's Spearwife	2012-05-07	Jeyne Westerling's grandmother in the books was Maggy the Frog. She was a Maegi. I thought the family name Talysa used in the show (sounds like Maegi) was a nice tie-in to the character's ancestry in the books.I took the name as a little clue that Robb's arc will continue exactly as it was in the books, but expanded. Changes present & future in Talisa should have little effect on the overall outcome his arc, I would think. It's what they do later, with regards to the Westerling family and Sybell Spicer in AFFC, that I'm excited to see.I remember she was Maggy the Frog (Cersei's prophecy, too?), but I will be insterested to see if they take out Jeyne/Talisa's mother's role in the apparent scheme, and place it soley on Jeyne/Talisa. I wonder if the viewers will be clued in right away to the suspected plotting unlike in the books where it was only aluded to until much later. Also, would love to see a scene with Grey Wind and Jeyne/Talisa if this is the case.
288	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	how would Ramsay get to the iron islands and pose as an ironman?Gosh, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s easy: teleportation. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve already seen it happening, a lot. Watch how Cat and Littlefinger flit about  in no time at all. No reason for Ramsey not to use teleportation, what with all the very best people doing it and him such an up-and-coming social-climber.As for disguises, that too is easy.  Just look at how the decidedly olive-complected Talissa claims to be a Volantene, who all looked like true-blooded Valyrians with that tell-tale Targaryen look. With disguises of that calibre, surely Ramsey would have no trouble posing as someone twice his age with a disfiguring jaw scar that reknit the bones.
289	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	how would Ramsay get to the iron islands and pose as an ironman?Gosh, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s easy: teleportation. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve already seen it happening, a lot. Watch how Cat and Littlefinger flit about  in no time at all. No reason for Ramsey not to use teleportation, what with all the very best people doing it and him such an up-and-coming social-climber.As for disguises, that too is easy.  Just look at how the decidedly olive-complected Talissa claims to be a Volantene, who all looked like true-blooded Valyrians with that tell-tale Targaryen look. With disguises of that calibre, surely Ramsey would have no trouble posing as someone twice his age with a disfiguring jaw scar that reknit the bones.
290	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	How did Roose know that Theon had killed Ser Rodrik? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Luwin's raven says the following: "Ironmen have taken Winterfell. Theon Greyjoy in command."This was sent before Theon had killed Rodrik, when Luwin was desperately getting his raven off mid-takeover. Yet Roose knows that he's dead, despite (presumably) only reading the above.Sup?
291	Thwacker	2012-05-07	I definitely agree with this. I can't say I dislike this season because it has been amazing at times but I feel that they are just diverging from the books way too far this season compared to last season. I hope they pull it back a little closer as we get further in the season but I really doubt it will!Yeah, it is fair to say that the TV series is Game of Thrones based on the GRRM books at this point.  At this point, I think I'm just going to accept it and move on with enjoying the show. It's still fantastic and excellently cast! No problem with the dragon theft, but wish the horde wasn't down to about five people.  I think the show change will make the hall of the undying better. Questions: Did LF recognize Arya? Is Talisa perhaps a spy for Lannisters a this point?
292	sagaz	2012-05-07	I want to have Sibell Kekili (shae) agent!!!!.... he must be a master negotiator, she is in the main titles and did nothing, opposing to Osha, Jaqen, Luwin... I wonder
293	Qwop22	2012-05-07	I loved this episode. The sack of winter fell was something I was not expecting to happen so quickly; but I am glad they stuck to the book and kept the whole scene between Theon and Bran, and Theon gathering everyone to hear Bran say he yielded to Theon. The actor who plays Master Luwin really nailed the character, and gave a powerful performance this episode. It will be a heart renting scene when Luwin dies next season. The way he stared at Theon was perfect. 
I was okay with the change of Rodrik being beheaded by Theon; it makes the character arc of Theon way more dramatic and harsh. That beheading was brutal! The way they changed the escape of Bran and Co. to having Osha sleep with Theon and sneak out was also a nice change. It just streamlines things. 
There seemed to be a lot of tweaks and changes from the books in this episode. Cat and Brienne are already at Robb' camp before he returns betrothed to Jeyne. In my opinion, it doesn't matter to much seeing as how we were never introduced to Riverrun; and this way we get to see Cat reminding Robb that he can't fall for another woman because he's still promised to a Frey. It's a smart way to remind the non-book reading audience so when the RW happens it will be more intense. One thing I don't quite understand yet is why we have yet to get Jeyne's proper name and house yet. Why the secrecy? 
The scenes in King's Landing were brilliant. The riots were not as large scale as I imagined when I read the book but that's understandable because its a TV show. Tyrion was great as usual. Finally, we get to see The Hound save Sansa. 
I am not sure how they are planning to handle Jon's storyline. So basically he chased after Ygritte a little bit and now he's completely lost from Qhorin? That doesn't really make much sense. In the book he releases Ygritte and they just meet up again when he has to kill Qhorin. It seems they are streamlining this a bit to keep Ygritte on screen more this season. Does this mean she is going to take him directly to Mance? Are they going to cut out Jon having to kill Qhorin? That wouldn't make much sense. I was kind of disappointed we didn't get to hear "You know nothing Jon Snow" tonight lol.
So wtf is happening in Dany's world? I understand showing her demand ships from one of the Thirteen, but who stole her dragons? Where is the show going with this change? It's quite a divergence from the book and the only possible answer I can think of is the Warlocks stole her dragons to get her to come to The House of the Undying.
294	Orys'Fury	2012-05-07	Really missing the fact that they haven't even mentioned that Jon is a warg, or any of the other Starks children for that matter.  Seems somewhat critical to Jons character development and story line.
295	servethe_Realm	2012-05-07	I sooooo loved this episode! It kept me rapt the entire time. I love/hate Theon. I understand how he feels he needs to redeem himself but Winterfell?? Ugh, those scenes were great. The beheading was hard to watch yet amazing and that final kick he dealt to knock it off......*shivers*
Osha is a scheming little one to trick Theon, I was so happy that they showed Bran and Rickon leaving safe, too (and shaggy dog and summer!) I think there is now the possibility that they will meet up with Meera and Jojen on the road north.
What else was there....I cant wait to get home from class and re-watch it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
The riot was awesome! Joffrey's little squeals heheheehe
I was so scared watching Sansa about to get raped, oh how I love thee, Hound.
My favorite scene was watching Ser Amory fall dead right in front of Tywin, fucking epic Jaqen!
Not sure how to feel about Dany's dead guards and stolen dragons....obviously they're being taken to the Palace of Dust so...some revenge comin up!
296	Roose Seal	2012-05-07	The Good :-Any scenes with Arya and/or Tywin-Dragon snatching. Was unexpected and promises great outcome (it totally makes sense and c'mon it's not like GRRM isn't fond of cheap end of chapter cliffhangers either)-Opening scene in Winterfell. I was not expecting that at all. Poor Rodrik :/-Roose mentionning his bastard. I litterally gasped. (My bf was like "why would that make you gasp" and i was all "aaah..I wish I could warn you...")-Prince Theon. Alfie Allen really really nails the part. I really can't tell if I'm supposed to hate him or give him a big hug.-The Riot. "And now I have struck a king !" . As always, Tyrion delivers. (It could've been a lot more hectic though, it just seemed like two or three people were moving around and the guy was just shaking his camera around to give the impression of chaos)-The Hound kicking ass. The Bad :-Littlefinger and Cat and their teleporting powers.-No Jorah :/-Not enough direwolvesThe Ugly:-Jon and Ygritte cuddle scene... Ugh... They're forcing this romance on us the worst possible way imaginable.-Robb and "Talisa". Worst thing this season.The Puzzling : -Is Ramsay already in Winterfell ? (I think so)-Did Littlefinger really recognize Arya (I think so)-Did Pyat Pree steal the dragons ? (possibly)-More Quaithe !
297	servethe_Realm	2012-05-07	I sooooo loved this episode! It kept me rapt the entire time. I love/hate Theon. I understand how he feels he needs to redeem himself but Winterfell?? Ugh, those scenes were great. The beheading was hard to watch yet amazing and that final kick he dealt to knock it off......*shivers*
Osha is a scheming little one to trick Theon, I was so happy that they showed Bran and Rickon leaving safe, too (and shaggy dog and summer!) I think there is now the possibility that they will meet up with Meera and Jojen on the road north.
What else was there....I cant wait to get home from class and re-watch it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
The riot was awesome! Joffrey's little squeals heheheehe
I was so scared watching Sansa about to get raped, oh how I love thee, Hound.
My favorite scene was watching Ser Amory fall dead right in front of Tywin, fucking epic Jaqen!
Not sure how to feel about Dany's dead guards and stolen dragons....obviously they're being taken to the Palace of Dust so...some revenge comin up!
298	servethe_Realm	2012-05-07	sorry for double post! must be the server.
299	RL Terrill	2012-05-07	and this way we get to see Cat reminding Robb that he can't fall for another woman because he's still promised to a Frey. It's a smart way to remind the non-book reading audience so when the RW happens it will be more intense. One thing I don't quite understand yet is why we have yet to get Jeyne's proper name and house yet. Why the secrecy?Just a guess here, but perhaps the writers have tweaked the Jeyne Westerling story to make her a second spy ( along with Bolton )but she  becomes sympathetic with the Starks,  falls for Robb, then her house sets the Red Wedding in motion. Cuts out a few extra characters gets us to the same place.  Easy for non-book readers to follow. Just a thought
300	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-05-07	How did Roose know that Theon had killed Ser Rodrik? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Luwin's raven says the following: "Ironmen have taken Winterfell. Theon Greyjoy in command."This was sent before Theon had killed Rodrik, when Luwin was desperately getting his raven off mid-takeover. Yet Roose knows that he's dead, despite (presumably) only reading the above.Sup?Didn't Roose say that they had gotten word from White Harbor and the Dreadfort too. Maybe Theon sent ravens to boast about his conquest?
301	White Raven	2012-05-07	Another needless add-on: Osha sleeping with Theon. Just more gratuitous nudity again. It wasn't necessary to her plot to spirit the boys out of Winterfell, she could just have waited for Theon to be asleep normally and do all the rest.Maybe she wanted to tire him out? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I thought she was going to tie him up afterwards or something (maybe she did?) instead of sleeping with him and then leave.
302	howland_reed	2012-05-07	The Ugly:-Jon and Ygritte cuddle scene... Ugh... They're forcing this romance on us the worst possible way imaginable.-Robb and "Talisa". Worst thing this season.Don't really understand the complaints with Jon and Ygritte.  The books forced the relationship on us as well.  I actually find the show more believable in how Ygritte starts "warming" up to Jon.  In the books, he let her go and that one act of kindness has her smitten with him (probably not the right word, since she doesn't act head over heels for him like a teenage girl, but her interest in Jon seems way more forced in the books than it does on the show).  Here, we can actually see the kindling of that spark.I agree with you in regards to Robb and Talisa though.  I was hoping that since we never saw this romance, HBO could give it a breath of life.  Instead, it's just completely unoriginal, and I feel Robb should act a little more like the child that he is, considering this is the first woman/girl he's trying to win over.
303	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	Because he doesnt want her to tell Mance she saw men of the NW... I think Jon is lost as to what to do with her, but doesnt want to let her go.I'm not quite sure where your confusion lies.Why were they killing her in the first place? Two stated reasons:1- Because they don't have enough food to feed her if they let her live.2- Because if they let her go, she would run and alert Mance Rayder and his people of their presence and bring some Wildings back with her to kill em.Why was he chasing her after he failed to kill her? Please see point 2.Which then brings you to point 1 - still not enough food to surive.  So back to why did he chase her - he all ready made the decision to not kill her when he intentionally missed the swing and he knows he can't keep them both alive.  So he made the choice to let her live - to what end?  To bring her to Quorin - well, we know what he will do.  Dead Ygritte.Bring her to Mance?  Nope, can't do that because then not only have you let her live to get the info to the WIldlings but you've also given yourself and your nice sword up.  Jon dead.Bring her to the Wall?  Not enough food.  both dead.So how does letting her live, then chasing her down then just falling asleep next to her make sense?  It doesn't
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 07 May 2012 - 11:17 AM.
304	Not_a_Lady_Brienne	2012-05-07	Mixed feelings about this episode.What I liked:- Theon taking over Winterfell- The riot at King's Landing- very emotional and tense scene. The Hound to the rescue! Could have done with more Joffrey slapping though.- Bolton's Bastard!!- Dany possibly showing a hint of Targaryen madness- claiming her "birthright", delusional about the difficulties involved in taking the iron throne, and expecting everyone's help, despite a very logical argument from the Spice King that it's a bad investmentWhat I didn't like (after reflection mostly this one scene):Why is Jon chasing Ygritte?  I know people here loved that scene (and that's fine you may have better, more refined tastes than me), but we are now 13 pages and 250+ posts and nobody has been able to adequately explain to me why he is chasing her.  Jon decided not to kill her, we get that, and as she runs, he chases her?  Why?  Did she drop her hand-bag?  Why is he chasing after the prisoner he just let free?  Its not that its nonsensical (and don't get me wrong it makes absolutely no sense); its that we had a really clear explanation in the books and we are just not sticking with it.  I mean people seemed to have loved that scene- what is their explanation as to why he's chasing her?This.  Coming from a huge book-Jon fan, this whole scene was terrible.  Why did Qhorin and company leave him so far behind?  Did Jon's sword miss her neck?  I doubt it, but if he missed on purpose, he obviously chose to let her go.  Except then he chases her because he can't make up his mind.  Come on Jon, either kill her or let her go!  This makes him look like a complete moron because he is not thinking anything through, since he obviously can't return to Qhorin with Ygritte alive and in tow.  The whole time he was chasing her was precious time that could have been used elsewhere.  And he and the rangers lost each other?? Seriously?The only explanation I can think of is that they are not going to have Jon kill Qhorin.  I hope this isn't the case because it's significant for his character development.  But this might be crossing the line to have a protagonist do this on TV.Things I'm not sure about:- Robb and Talisa/Jeyne.  I'm not really sure how that will play out but I'm reserving judgment.- Stealing Dragons.  Quite a big change obviously, but I suppose it makes her storyline more interesting, and as one of the most major characters, I'm ok with giving her more to do so she has more screen time.
305	Roose Seal	2012-05-07	Don't really understand the complaints with Jon and Ygritte.  The books forced the relationship on us as well.  I actually find the show more believable in how Ygritte starts "warming" up to Jon.  In the books, he let her go and that one act of kindness has her smitten with him (probably not the right word, since she doesn't act head over heels for him like a teenage girl, but her interest in Jon seems way more forced in the books than it does on the show).  Here, we can actually see the kindling of that spark.The whole scene just made no sense. He chose to let her go, I accept that... but why did he chase after her ? And why didn't Qhorin and the rest wait for him ? And where was Ghost ? And well I hate Jon and Ygritte in the book too, so there you have it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
306	Thwacker	2012-05-07	Maybe she wanted to tire him out? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I thought she was going to tie him up afterwards or something (maybe she did?) instead of sleeping with him and then leave.I may not have paid close enough attention, but I thought the sex scene was to get the shackles off of her ankles so that she could lead the escape.
307	axels15	2012-05-07	So, just one more thing about the scene that really has me shaking my head (and its not the dragon kidnapping scene; Dany needs to do something, it makes a certain kind of sense and I am willing to let that play out- it may work):Why is Jon chasing Ygritte?  I know people here loved that scene (and that's fine you may have better, more refined tastes than me), but we are now 13 pages and 250+ posts and nobody has been able to adequately explain to me why he is chasing her.  Jon decided not to kill her, we get that, and as she runs, he chases her?  Why?  Did she drop her hand-bag?  Why is he chasing after the prisoner he just let free?  Its not that its nonsensical (and don't get me wrong it makes absolutely no sense); its that we had a really clear explanation in the books and we are just not sticking with it.  I mean people seemed to have loved that scene- what is their explanation as to why he's chasing her?And remember Ghost?  What was he doing?  Is Ghost really even here at this point?  Was he in the back going, "Jesus... fuck me... all the running ... Jon she... she's just going to try to kill you in your sleep... I'm not chasing that...she's gotta be... what?  Ten fifteen yards away at this point... I could turn an ankle and ... and he nearest hospital is, like 1,500 years away so... and I am NOT going back to Craster's nosireeBob... So, I'm just going to stay over here and wait to see how all this turns out- why don't you chase the redhead and I'll just watch ..."And my favorite part was when they first capture Ygritte and Qhorin Half-hand is like, "Don't bother asking her any questions; she won't answer them..." And then they proceed to ask her questions and she answers every single one.  Somebody has to be a better proof-reader.Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?(and one final note: I think this may be one gigantic circumnavigation around Jon's orders to betray the Watch and stay with the wildings and make it so Half-hand actually THINKS Jon has gone over to the wildings.  This may end up with Jon REALLY fighting Halfhand and REALLY being taken in by the wildings.  If that is the case... then I think ... then I think it goes from being "Nitpicking" to "Oh, this is just bad.")Jesus, man, chill outHe chases her because he didn't LET her go. He just didn't KILL her. She's still a wilding who can give away their position if she goes free.It's a freaking conundrum for him. It's called drama and building tension. Eventually he will probably HAVE to let her go, for the reasons you said. But it's a difficult decision between honor/loyalty and not wanting to kill a women. It's basically a small sample of his ENTIRE plot for book three. I think it's perfectYes, it's a change from the book, but deal with it. It's not huge, it works for TV and it's funAlso, she did not answer every question, basically didn't answer the most important one. WHY are the wildlings gathering there?
					
					
							Edited by axels15, 07 May 2012 - 11:38 AM.
308	axels15	2012-05-07	Maybe she wanted to tire him out? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I thought she was going to tie him up afterwards or something (maybe she did?) instead of sleeping with him and then leave.She needed to be free. That way she wasn't locked up under guard
309	David Selig	2012-05-07	What's with everybody this season treating Jon as some kind of an idiot this season and rubbing it in his face repeatedly, BTW? I don't even like him and yet it starting to get annoying and too much. Craster, the Old Bear, now Qhorin and Ygritte... How would the writers sell to the viewers Jon being chosen for Lord Commander so young when they keep presenting him as an incompetent fool?
What was that "You are even dumber than you look" line for?
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 07 May 2012 - 11:36 AM.
310	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	The whole scene just made no sense. He chose to let her go, I accept that... but why did he chase after her ? And why didn't Qhorin and the rest wait for him ? And where was Ghost ?And well I hate Jon and Ygritte in the book too, so there you have it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />You're acting as if he's thinking his actions all the way through. The entire point of having him bring down the sword is that up until the last second he didn't know he wasn't going to kill her. His train of though is roughly "whew, avoided that moral quandary. Why did Qhorin want me to kill her in the first place? ... OH MY GOD SHE'S RUNNING TO TELL EVERYONE!"As to Qhorin and the rest of them leaving that's really Martin's fault. "Alright, I know you're just a green boy with a history of insubordination who has really big qualms about killing this relatively innocent girl, but it's absolutely imperative that you do it. We'll just leave you completely unsupervised to do it."
311	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	Jesus, man, chill outHe chases her because he didn't LET her go. He just didn't KILL her. She's still a wilding who can give away their position if she goes free.It's a freaking conundrum for him. It's called drama and building tension. Eventually he will probably HAVE to let her go, for the reasons you said. But it's a difficult decision between honor/loyalty and not wanting to kill a women. It's basically a small sample of his ENTIRE plot for book three. I think it's perfectYes, it's a change from the book, but deal with it. It's not huge, it works for TV and it's funNo, that's the problem, it doesn't work.  Jon understands what it is like up there - remember he gave Sam a once over for wanting to bring Gilly north with them?  So how, after Quorin has all ready told him about the food, does Jon think this is a good idea to keep her alive and with him?  On top of there being a perfectly plausible explanation given in the book?  Change is fine, but this change doesn't make sense as they did it.
312	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	You're acting as if he's thinking his actions all the way through. The entire point of having him bring down the sword is that up until the last second he didn't know he wasn't going to kill her. His train of though is roughly "whew, avoided that moral quandary. Why did Qhorin want me to kill her in the first place? ... OH MY GOD SHE'S RUNNING TO TELL EVERYONE!"As to Qhorin and the rest of them leaving that's really Martin's fault. "Alright, I know you're just a green boy with a history of insubordination who has really big qualms about killing this relatively innocent girl, but it's absolutely imperative that you do it. We'll just leave you completely unsupervised to do it."Yet somehow Jon was able to catch up to them in the source material, so it isn't Martin's fault.  And the same conumdrum that faced Jon here was also present in the book - so it's not like the problem was created without a potential solution available.
313	johnnysd	2012-05-07	So, just one more thing about the scene that really has me shaking my head (and its not the dragon kidnapping scene; Dany needs to do something, it makes a certain kind of sense and I am willing to let that play out- it may work):Why is Jon chasing Ygritte?  I know people here loved that scene (and that's fine you may have better, more refined tastes than me), but we are now 13 pages and 250+ posts and nobody has been able to adequately explain to me why he is chasing her.  Jon decided not to kill her, we get that, and as she runs, he chases her?  Why?  Did she drop her hand-bag?  Why is he chasing after the prisoner he just let free?  Its not that its nonsensical (and don't get me wrong it makes absolutely no sense); its that we had a really clear explanation in the books and we are just not sticking with it.  I mean people seemed to have loved that scene- what is their explanation as to why he's chasing her?And remember Ghost?  What was he doing?  Is Ghost really even here at this point?  Was he in the back going, "Jesus... fuck me... all the running ... Jon she... she's just going to try to kill you in your sleep... I'm not chasing that...she's gotta be... what?  Ten fifteen yards away at this point... I could turn an ankle and ... and he nearest hospital is, like 1,500 years away so... and I am NOT going back to Craster's nosireeBob... So, I'm just going to stay over here and wait to see how all this turns out- why don't you chase the redhead and I'll just watch ..."And my favorite part was when they first capture Ygritte and Qhorin Half-hand is like, "Don't bother asking her any questions; she won't answer them..." And then they proceed to ask her questions and she answers every single one.  Somebody has to be a better proof-reader.Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her?(and one final note: I think this may be one gigantic circumnavigation around Jon's orders to betray the Watch and stay with the wildings and make it so Half-hand actually THINKS Jon has gone over to the wildings.  This may end up with Jon REALLY fighting Halfhand and REALLY being taken in by the wildings.  If that is the case... then I think ... then I think it goes from being "Nitpicking" to "Oh, this is just bad.") Wow, you really hate this series. Of all the posters you seem to be the most negative. I completely disagree with your views on this show. I actually cannot imagine i being better. Almost every change that has been made is an improvement on the source material and makes for a tighter more interesting show.And Jon chased Ygritte for any of many reasons not the least of which is to prevent her from warning the free folk, and because he was supposed to have killed her.
314	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-07	Why is Jon chasing Ygritte?  I know people here loved that scene (and that's fine you may have better, more refined tastes than me), but we are now 13 pages and 250+ posts and nobody has been able to adequately explain to me why he is chasing her.  Jon decided not to kill her, we get that, and as she runs, he chases her?  Why?  Did she drop her hand-bag?  Why is he chasing after the prisoner he just let free?  Its not that its nonsensical (and don't get me wrong it makes absolutely no sense); its that we had a really clear explanation in the books and we are just not sticking with it.  I mean people seemed to have loved that scene- what is their explanation as to why he's chasing her?I thought I mentioned it in my post. It appears this Jon is nervous over the prospect of an escaped Ygritte blowing their cover. He can't bring himself to kill her, so he'd rather try and drag her along as a prisoner. To me, it's not such an insane alteration.
315	legba11	2012-05-07	How did Roose know that Theon had killed Ser Rodrik? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Luwin's raven says the following: "Ironmen have taken Winterfell. Theon Greyjoy in command."This was sent before Theon had killed Rodrik, when Luwin was desperately getting his raven off mid-takeover. Yet Roose knows that he's dead, despite (presumably) only reading the above.Sup?And he set Luwin to his Maester duties immediately after killing him.  Sending ravens to his father and sister.  Surely Maester Luwin couldn't have sent a second one to Rivverun. (Where I assume he was sending the ones for Robb)
316	Impfan	2012-05-07	The whole scene just made no sense. He chose to let her go, I accept that... but why did he chase after her ? And why didn't Qhorin and the rest wait for him ? And where was Ghost ?And well I hate Jon and Ygritte in the book too, so there you have it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It's pretty simple, really:  he could not bring himself to kill her but he didn't want her to escape back to the Wilding camp and give the alarm.  Jon is very young and completely inexperienced with women.  He is a man of honor, however, and killing a woman----even a Wilding woman----is not really possible for him.  I thought this scene was ok and can't complain about it.The thing I don't understand in the comments so far is this putative sympathy for Theon.  Theon is a weak man and self-obsessed to boot.  It may all be a function of his life as a hostage.  I don't know and don't care.  He has always been a user of others----Roz comes to mind.  He's basically insecure and makes a willing sycophant for any stronger person who confronts him---Robb, his father, even Dagmar.  He's a totally vile piece of crap and deserves what happens to him at the hands of Ramsay Snow/Bolton.Maise/Arya is just getting better and better!Why didn't that turd hit Joffrey in the mouth?Anybody else think the actor playing Jaqen looks like Brad Pitt? (SIAP)I prefer Osha neck-down to neck-up.Creepy scene between Cersei and Tyrion at Myrcella's departure.  Could this refer to Sansa?  I wanted this episode to never end.  It might be the best yet for me.
317	axels15	2012-05-07	Yet somehow Jon was able to catch up to them in the source material, so it isn't Martin's fault.  And the same conumdrum that faced Jon here was also present in the book - so it's not like the problem was created without a potential solution available.You're exactly right. But like I said, this is for television now.A chase scene is good for TV. Turning around and letting her walk away isn't. Furthermore, because we're not going to see a Shakespeare-like Montage, and because we can't hear Jon's thoughts, simple turning around and letting her go doesn't serve to show what a difficult decision it is.He has to make a choice and he can't. So he runs after her, fearing what will happen if she goes free. Eventually, he'll get back to his men, and let her go, I think. If he doesn't, it's a big change and something that I'll have to review as we get to it. But as of now, assuming it goes how I think, it doesn't change anything significantly and I think it adds to the television production.
318	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-07	No, that's the problem, it doesn't work.  Jon understands what it is like up there - remember he gave Sam a once over for wanting to bring Gilly north with them?  So how, after Quorin has all ready told him about the food, does Jon think this is a good idea to keep her alive and with him?  On top of there being a perfectly plausible explanation given in the book?  Change is fine, but this change doesn't make sense as they did it.Unlike the situation with Gilly, Jon has no option involving leaving Ygritte behind. It's "Do as I say, not as I do." Jon can't bring himself to kill Ygritte. He either has to let her go, and allow her to blow Night Watch cover, or drag her along. Telling Sam to leave Gilly behind was easy.
319	Travellintroll	2012-05-07	This is where the entire series goes to hell.  I can't believe that so many people are in favor of the changes.  I have fallen in love with the TV series so far because it has been so faithful to the books.  Afterall, it just makes good sense to go with the plot that has been proven to work.  Why change what isn't broken?
I guess I should deviate from other posters and say why the changes will not work...
Arya -     Peter Baelish is in love with Catelyn; there is no way he wouldn't have recognized Arya
              The second death was too quick; its not how the faceless men work
Bran- 	 No Meera and Jojen Reed; they are kindred spirits of Bran and Rickon
Daenerys-     Why?  The notion that the dragons could be stolen takes away from Daenerys credibility as a natural ruler and is just unnecessary;  it also makes the warlocks seem to be a force to be reckoned with;  in the book it gives the impression that they are merely illusionists and not particularly good at what they do
Jon Snow-     Ygritte in the book initially despises Jon Snow;  the idea that she would come on to him when he is a crow and not yet proven himself to be a Wilding is ridiculous and ruins the entire character of Ygritte; how can her character have any credibility now? 
the riot-      completely different from the book; they are on horses in the book I believe; having Tyrion insult and slap the King again is taking things too far, it is not believeable and there is no reason that Joffrey would not just have had him killed at this point; 
Talissa-      obviously this will become Robb's wife Jeyne Westerling; but the book insists that Robb's decision was one of impulse and haste;  that the relationship developed over time has completely different implications
______________________________________________________________________
Mark my words, this is the end of everything good about the Game of Thrones TV series.  Every time a hack screenwriter has the arrogance to think he can do it better it almost always turns out bad. 
This is truly the end!!!
320	Impfan	2012-05-07	This is where the entire series goes to hell.  I can't believe that so many people are in favor of the changes.  I have fallen in love with the TV series so far because it has been so faithful to the books.  Afterall, it just makes good sense to go with the plot that has been proven to work.  Why change what isn't broken?I guess I should deviate from other posters and say why the changes will not work...Arya -	 Peter Baelish is in love with Catelyn; there is no way he wouldn't have recognized Arya			  The second death was too quick; its not how the faceless men workBran- 	 No Meera and Jojen Reed; they are kindred spirits of Bran and RickonDaenerys-	 Why?  The notion that the dragons could be stolen takes away from Daenerys credibility as a natural ruler and is just unnecessary;  it also makes the warlocks seem to be a force to be reckoned with;  in the book it gives the impression that they are merely illusionists and not particularly good at what they doJon Snow-	 Ygritte in the book initially despises Jon Snow;  the idea that she would come on to him when he is a crow and not yet proven himself to be a Wilding is ridiculous and ruins the entire character of Ygritte; how can her character have any credibility now?the riot-	  completely different from the book; they are on horses in the book I believe; having Tyrion insult and slap the King again is taking things too far, it is not believeable and there is no reason that Joffrey would not just have had him killed at this point;Talissa-	  obviously this will become Robb's wife Jeyne Westerling; but the book insists that Robb's decision was one of impulse and haste;  that the relationship developed over time has completely different implications______________________________________________________________________Mark my words, this is the end of everything good about the Game of Thrones TV series.  Every time a hack screenwriter has the arrogance to think he can do it better it almost always turns out bad.This is truly the end!!!You named yourself well.  Eponymous much?
321	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	No, that's the problem, it doesn't work.  Jon understands what it is like up there - remember he gave Sam a once over for wanting to bring Gilly north with them?  So how, after Quorin has all ready told him about the food, does Jon think this is a good idea to keep her alive and with him?  On top of there being a perfectly plausible explanation given in the book?  Change is fine, but this change doesn't make sense as they did it.The entire point is that Jon doesn't really understand, not in the visceral, instinctual way Qhorin or Ygritte does. All he knows is he can't kill her, he's not prepared to let her go, and Qhorin's not gonna let him bring her along. What's a poor bastard to do? Conveniently bed down with her to delay the point when he has to make a decision, apparently. He knows it's a terrible idea to keep her with him, but he can't bring himself to do either of the alternatives, yet. (I'm actually betting she'll just give him the slip during the night.)
322	Lady Octarina	2012-05-07	That was a great episode, even though we had no Stannis. It reminded me of just how much I hated Theon before Ramsay made me pity him, how much of a little piece of sh-- he was. I also absolutely adored how delirious and stupidly megalomaniac Daenerys already sounded this episode, something I only truly felt in ASoS and, mostly, ADwD. Oh, and the spice merchant's condescending tone was just priceless! lol I love that guy! I don't know how to feel about the dragons being stolen yet, but was that tower the House of the Undying?
And was it my impression, or is Arya actually beginning to like Tywin? Can't really blame her, and thumbs up for this show for showing just how great their dynamics would be.
Nat Tena is simply perfect as Osha, no wonder GRRM wants to expand the character's role based on her acting! I love the animalistic aura she gives the character. And Rodrik... truly the saddest death so far, maybe even sadder than Ned's where the show is concerned (but that's only until season 3 or 4 kills my favorite Dornish, of course).
And really, does Littlefinger have to appear so much like a noob this season? I wonder if Martin approves it, and if he does, if that could be considered a clue to his general incompetence in the last two books. Watching him this season destroys all my illusions the same way reading Cersei's chapters in AFFC did.
Oh, and I liked what they did to that crucial scene in KL, with all the alterations. I don't think it would have been easy to use horses on that scene like in the book. I also think it was a good idea to change slightly the attack on Sansa, builds up the tension. For a moment I actually thought she'd be the new Lollys. And the septon... ugh...
323	The Second Hand	2012-05-07	I rated this a solid seven. It's hard to still like the changes and to accept the budget of the show -- it just doesn't mesh with the world George has created -- but I did like this episode. it was solid writing, solid acting, though the end was particularly awful.
324	Mista C	2012-05-07	Off topic of last night's episode, but I get absolutely ZERO work done on Monday's now.  It's 1:30 now and I have done nothing since I got to work at 8:00 except for reading recaps/reading comments/leaving comments/re-watching episode on HBOGO/more reading comments/more leaving comments/etc.  WHEW!  This is ridiculous, especially considering how busy it is at my work right now, but oh well... only four weeks left and then it's all over.
325	Sidonie	2012-05-07	I thought it was really cool when Dany said she has dreams that come true. So,it looks like she inherited the Targ family gift. She did seem a little off her rocker saying it, though. I wonder if Jorah was like "Uh oh...here we go again,,,the Mad Queen."
326	Howdyphillip	2012-05-07	With few exceptions this season, I have agreed with this websites analysis of episodes. Whether I have agreed or disagreed, they have always been poignant, insightful, and great to read. This weeks edition is no exception to the latter, but I have an almost diametrically opposed outlook on the episode itself.
 Starting with the sack of Winterfell. I was with this scene the entire way until the emergence of Ser Rodrik Cassel. It was well shot, well written, and emotionally engaging the entire way. The problem I had was the content. There is a huge difference in my mind of killing a mouthy commoner and executing the man who helped raise Theon and trained him how to use a sword. It is absolutely plot essential that the character of Theon Greyjoy becomes redeemed for the future of this series. By eliminating the Reek character to take the blame for the majority of the dastardly actions is going to make it that much harder for the television audience to do. I do console myself with the fact that there have been other changes made to the character that makes this a bit more possible.
 I don't really like the setting of Iceland as the backdrop for North of the Wall. It is too barren for me to believe that there are 100,000 wildlings living off the land. It also looks like a miserable place to film. That is good in the sense that on screen, we can see that the characters are actually cold, but because of this, I also get the impression that they aren't able to give their best performances. Dialogue just feels rushed in these scenes, and I don't blame the actors. It is freezing out side in this location. I personally would rather have seen North of the Wall left in last years location of Ireland.
 The main complaint that I hear about these scenes with John Snow and Ygritte I had no problem with though. Yes, it is a change from the book, but as of this episode, it doesn't take away from either of the characters. I have no problem with John running after a fleeing wildling. We only have so much room in the TV series, and the meat of the story here is Snow's relationship with the wildlings and Ygrette. As  for why Ghost didn't chase her with John, my question would be if you had trained your animal, wouldn't you have given it a command to unleash it on someone? As he was running after her to capture, it makes perfect sense to me that he wouldn't have called his direwolf to do a job that he himself had decided that he wasn't going to do. I also particularly liked the scene where Ygrette was teasing John. I thought it was a brilliant way of showing physically the struggles that Snow went through in his head that we just can not be privy to in the medium of film.
 I took no issue with Harrenhall at all. I liked the mix up in communication for several reasons. It highlighted that Tywin was surrounded by incompetents in the war. This was not extolled upon in the books as we didn't have a POV in his camp, but it must have been happening for him to have lost so many battles decisively. It also again gave us the opportunity to realize that Arya is incredibly sharp witted. I particularly liked the humanization of Tywin as a man who loved his children, but was hard as stone. I think that Arya saw a little bit of her own father in him, and I think that fits perfectly with the theme that there are no heroes, or villains in this world.
As a reader, I obviously had the foreknowledge that Arya was not going to be discovered by Littlefinger. The vast majority of people watching this show have not read the books, and I thought that this scene built up a bit of suspense for them. I also thought that the urgent need to use her second name was a clever way of getting rid of it. I can see the point that no other gaurds helped Lorch in trying to detain Arya, but it did not immediately pop out to me as particularly egregious. I didn't even realize it until that had been pointed out.
Since I have nothing to say about the riot of King's Landing except that it was absolutely brilliant in every aspect of my mind, I will wrap this up with Quarth. From reading the books, I never got the impression that the entire city was supposed to be other worldly. The Quarth in my mind doesn't look too terribly different from the one that I am being shown. I did get the sense that the House of the Undying was like a 70's acid trip, but the rest of Quarth just seemed to be filled with people of ambition. I personally liked Dany's interaction with the spice lord. It showed her as a naive youth, but also as a person who had the potential to come into serious power and leadership abilities. It justifies her journey later as we as viewers know that she has to mature. As far as the dragons go, This is just another example of John getting clobbered across the head by Craster. It won't mean anything in the long run
327	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-05-07	Im SOOOOOOOOOoooooo HAPPY Sandor Clegane got to do more than just stand around looking bored or annoyed!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy...........................
*happy dance*
They brutalized Sansa's rescue but I did like it....made it more dramatic
328	Thwacker	2012-05-07	The whole scene just made no sense. He chose to let her go, I accept that... but why did he chase after her ? And why didn't Qhorin and the rest wait for him ? And where was Ghost ? And well I hate Jon and Ygritte in the book too, so there you have it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />IMO, it didn't make sense for Ygritte to escape only to be caught and presumably released again.  However, wildling women seem to have esteem only for men who have taken or stolen them.  So, Jon's capture and keeping of her gives a good lead in for her role in bringing him into the Rayder fold. Still question the omission of Halfhand's instruction to Jon to do what needs to be done rather than apparently instructing Jon to kill her. As one who found the whole Snow beyond the Wall to be tedious in the books, I think Ygritte adds a lot.  Plus, the actress is pretty foxy.  Me like.
329	Arya The Assassin	2012-05-07	The best episode so far, IMO!Good:The sack of Winterfell and Rodrik's 'demise'. Intense stuff and very convincing performance by Isaac, he seemed truly desperate and horrified.The street riots at King's Landing and particularly Sansa's rape scene. In some ways the 'scene' was more impactful in the book (especially the aftermath), but the scene was exciting nonetheless and I really felt pity for Sansa, although Sandor came to her rescue before she was violated.Charles Dance and Maisie, particularly the scene where she tries to hide her identity. It must be great for a young, talented actress to get so much screentime with an experienced actor of Dance's caliber.Jon Snow meets Ygritte. The actress who plays Ygritte was surprisingly good. I really look forward to seeing more of her. And she was also much more attractive than suggested in the books, but I'm not complaining /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Bad:The scenes with Dany seems a bit 'detached'.This is also how I felt when reading the books as well, but on the other hand her story gets a lot more interesting in book 3.Overall, this episode had a nice blend of excitement, action and dialogue scenes. When compared to the best episodes of season one, it's still not quite there, I think, but there are four episodes left, and the Darkwater episode in particular has great potential.EDIT: I rated this episode 9/10, BTW. Why not 10/10? Because a ) a few episodes from season one was slightly better (the first and ninth episodes from season one were excellent) b ) I wouldn't be surprised if some of the last episodes (Blackwater perhaps?) turn out to be even better than this one.EDIT 2: One more thing: I can't recall that the dragons were stolen (in the books), but I don't think it's too dramatic. For all I know, the sequence just serves as a cliffhanger for the next episode, and then the dragons will be brought back.
					
					
							Edited by Arya The Assassin, 07 May 2012 - 01:06 PM.
330	Heracles	2012-05-07	Kinda enjoyed it, was interesting really.
331	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	Something that came up in the nitpick thread but I think are larger questions than that...the news is around that Renly is dead and - based on what we saw from Cersei & Tyrion - it is not a given that it was not Catelyn and/or Brienne.  So why doesn't Robb ask his mother about that...and even forgetting that...why doesn't he ask, or get introduced to, this 6'3" puppy dog Catelyn has picked up along the way?  These are people that, from a common knowledge perspective, may be responsible for Renly's death.
332	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-07	The thing I wonder about they're going to keep Theon in the show for seasons 3/4 when he's completely "off screen" but two full books. After this season I'm sure he's going to be a fan favorite so they'll want to keep him around. I think the producers are going to combine AFFC and ADWD like GRRM intended them to be. So Season 5 or 5/6 will be blended storylines from both books.
333	dreamcatcher	2012-05-07	I loved it when Qhorin started talking about Jon's death. I was like, "aww you know he's gonna die, we know too!"
334	Maester Hodor	2012-05-07	That episode was amazing! I loved when The Hound saved Sansa from those men and said "The little bird is bleeding, someone take her back to her cage". There was only two parts of the episode I didn't really like...1) I didn't like the way Amory Lorch died. It was a funny scene and everything, but kind of dumb.2) I rolled my eyes when Dany started saying "I am Daenerys Stormborn, mother of dragons, I will take what is mine with fire and blood" blah blah blah Dany we've heard it a hundred times already. You can shut up now.The way Dany is talking you'd think she's going to sail for Westeros next episode or something.
335	sarah.jenice	2012-05-07	Stolen Dragons!  Those damn Warlocks!  Great twist away from the books.  I also love the Arya and Tywin interactions their personalities mesh and this is an improvement from the books in my opinion.  I'm also interested to see if Ramsey burns Winterfledt as soon as he takes it over or Robb's marrying that foreign girls springs it.  It's also interesting they aren't setting up Tywin using the Westerling Daughter to drive a wedge between the north and the FreyOn the dragons, my immediate reaction was that it was Xaro. They had that long delay with the Spice King, and since Dany is in his house, he was the first one I thought of. In the book, Xaro has zero interest in helping Dany conquer the Seven Kingdoms so the show has got to make him do something to betray her or it will make no sense that she doesn't accept his perfect offer of ships and tons of money to help her reclaim the Iron Throne.On Robb's woman, I think their scene tonight had a lot of clues in it. I think she is Jeyne Westerling and her story about being from Volantis is completely made up. Robb notices that she is highborn, and Catelyn notices that her family is completely fake. I also think her line about sending information on Robb's troop movements to the Lannisters was really telling. I think they are going to perhaps make her a full blown spy for the Lannisters. She was writing a letter, which as we saw with Arya indicates noble birth, and her joke about it being information for the Lannisters just struck me as true. She definitely folded it up quickly so that Robb and Catelyn couldn't get a look at it. Also, in the scene with Tywin talking about how they are going to defeat Robb, he clearly laid out that they won't beat him in battle and that they need to find out a way to make him fail. We know that failure happens with the Red Wedding, and I think in the same way Margery Tyrell is a combination of her character and her scheming grandmother, Jeyne could be a combination of her and her mother, making Jeyne the mole who reported to Tywin and worked to take Robb down.
336	unRobert	2012-05-07	My guess is that Littlefinger took the dragons. I mean, he's been off screen for what? 30 minutes? He's bound to turn up in Qarth or maybe Jon will have to kill him to prove himself a wildling.
337	shadow of death	2012-05-07	All I know is the Hound should be wrecking people in every episode.  The best part was when the last guy tried to run away.
338	awesome possum	2012-05-07	Tywin - The dislexia line caught me unaware.  I don't know what to make of Tywin as a parent after that.I think this was a key insight into their relationship.  Jaime was Tywin's heir, and Tywin was damned sure Jaime's illiteracy was not going to harm the house the way his father's "weakness" did.  Showed, to me at least, that he while he cares for Jaime he cares more about the legacy Jaime will leave, much like his intro speech in Season 1 showed. nerd-rageReading and watching nerd-rage is always good for a laugh because...What the hell HBO? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  Where is my ASOIAF???It's on your bookshelf.  This isn't A Song of Ice and Fire.  This is Game of Thrones.  The sooner people understand this, that this is a television series based on the books and it can never be 100%, let alone 90% or even 80% accurate, the sooner they can lay off the nerd-rage.
339	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-07	The scene where Bran is pleading with Theon and...then Ser Rodrick was so painful but good! Great acting...
Arya should get a Golden Globe this year I think...
340	pykmi	2012-05-07	Another needless add-on: Osha sleeping with Theon. Just more gratuitous nudity again. It wasn't necessary to her plot to spirit the boys out of Winterfell, she could just have waited for Theon to be asleep normally and do all the rest. But, that way there would be no bewbies, derp.I thought this was a great added scene. It builds on the scene between the two from the first season, and keeps non-readers guessing where her loyalties lie for a little longer. Also, that whole scene after she wakes up next to Theon, goes outside, seduces and kills the guard and then whistles to and escapes with Bran, Rickon, Hodor and the direwolves was perfectly executed.
341	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-07	That episode was amazing! I loved when The Hound saved Sansa from those men and said "The little bird is bleeding, someone take her back to her cage". There was only two parts of the episode I didn't really like...1) I didn't like the way Amory Lorch died. It was a funny scene and everything, but kind of dumb.2) I rolled my eyes when Dany started saying "I am Daenerys Stormborn, mother of dragons, I will take what is mine with fire and blood" blah blah blah Dany we've heard it a hundred times already. You can shut up now.The way Dany is talking you'd think she's going to sail for Westeros next episode or something.I agree, is she is supposed to be this bratty or it's the way the actress emilia is depicting her..
342	Kaitscralt	2012-05-07	Emilia Clarke can do whatever she wants with Daenerys. I'm too in love with her to turn back now.
343	Snow's Spearwife	2012-05-07	I thought this was a great added scene. It builds on the scene between the two from the first season, and keeps non-readers guessing where her loyalties lie for a little longer. Also, that whole scene after she wakes up next to Theon, goes outside, seduces and kills the guard and then whistles to and escapes with Bran, Rickon, Hodor and the direwolves was perfectly executed.I agree. She "changes sides" in the books, so this was a good way to execute the change concisely while making it easy for the viewers to follow along; especially those that have not read the books.  Furthermore, it's been established that Theon is an absolute ass when it comes to women (Ros, the captain's daughter, Yara/Asha, anything with boobs) and is so cocky and over-confident that it is clearly one of his weak points.  While I do take issue with HBO's massive over-use of pointless sex and nude scenes, I do not take issue with this one. Also, it was tastefully done as you just saw her naked, but no actual sex scene.Loved Bran telling Theon that he wouldn't yield the castle more confidently than Theon told him he was taking the castle. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
344	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-07	I remember she was Maggy the Frog (Cersei's prophecy, too?), but I will be insterested to see if they take out Jeyne/Talisa's mother's role in the apparent scheme, and place it soley on Jeyne/Talisa. I wonder if the viewers will be clued in right away to the suspected plotting unlike in the books where it was only aluded to until much later. Also, would love to see a scene with Grey Wind and Jeyne/Talisa if this is the case.Okay this whole plot involving Jeyne's mom/Freys/Boltons/Twyin - RED WEDDING is already really confusing as is! Why are they making it worse? I will be really disappointed if they turn this "Jeyne/Talisa" into a schemer. Really would be ruining the whole tragedy! If the Blackfish did take off with Jeyne (at end of AFFC) then what??
345	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-07	I remember she was Maggy the Frog (Cersei's prophecy, too?), but I will be insterested to see if they take out Jeyne/Talisa's mother's role in the apparent scheme, and place it soley on Jeyne/Talisa. I wonder if the viewers will be clued in right away to the suspected plotting unlike in the books where it was only aluded to until much later. Also, would love to see a scene with Grey Wind and Jeyne/Talisa if this is the case.Okay this whole plot involving Jeyne's mom/Freys/Boltons/Twyin - RED WEDDING is already really confusing as is! Why are they making it worse? I will be really disappointed if they turn this "Jeyne/Talisa" into a schemer. Really would be ruining the whole tragedy! If the Blackfish did take off with Jeyne (at end of AFFC) then what??
346	pleonasm	2012-05-07	I have really mixed feeling about this episode. I thought the Winterfell scenes were particulary strong, although I was wondering why this entire section of storyline was compressed into a single episode? Of all the stories from Clash, this one could have easily been extended over seasons 2 and 3 to provide some more time for some of the other plotlines.
Dany's story is a real mess. I am not suprised as it is probably the weakest set of chapters in the book, but I wasn't as upset about the silly dragon-napping plot as some. I do find Xaro exceptionally boring. So much screen time and yet I can't get invested.
I really am disliking the Harrenhal storyline. Yes - Maise and Charles Dance have great chemistry, but they are really mishandling Arya's story. The setup of Amory Lorch as illiterate, the stupid chase sequence in the courtyard, and the subsequent magic dart, was like watching bad fan fiction come to life. The idea of Arya using her 2nd death wish to eliminate and immediate threat is an interesting one, but this is what they come up with? Uggh....
And I cannot stand Aiden Gillen. Watching Littlefinger in action, is like watching paint dry.
And while I like the 'near rape' sequence of Sansa - the execution of the opening of the riot and subsequent Sandor Clegane sequence was poorly put together. This could be executed incredibly on screen, the tension slowly building and builidng, and then the explosion of violence. Instead we have starving peasants terroring limbs by hand (I know its referenced from the book but it looked silly onscreen), more moustache twirling Joffrey (who actually attempts at one point in the book to pacify the crowd by tossing some coins), and the Sandor Clegance 8000 dispatching small folks without a thought.
Just like Vanessa's first script, again this felt a first draft, some good scenes, muddled together with some nonsense. Benifoff and Weise really need some more experienced screen writers in the room.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 07 May 2012 - 02:15 PM.
347	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-07	Yeah, I have to say I'm not crazy about the Harrenhal storyline.
BookArya would never have revealed she knows how to read, she was so much better as disguising herself and aware of the need to remain hidden. Which is the perfect set up for her Faceless Men future.
348	Snow's Spearwife	2012-05-07	Okay this whole plot involving Jeyne's mom/Freys/Boltons/Twyin - RED WEDDING is already really confusing as is! Why are they making it worse? I will be really disappointed if they turn this "Jeyne/Talisa" into a schemer. Really would be ruining the whole tragedy!If the Blackfish did take off with Jeyne (at end of AFFC) then what??I agree that I am not thrilled about the possibility of Jeyne being IN on the scheme as I just re-read AFFC and was reminded how she tore her dress, cried, and was basically in love with Robb and was heartbroken at having had a part in his death and being used as a pawn. While it is confusing, I wonder if GRRM is going to expand on this further in the books? The Maggy/Cersei/Spicer/Redding Wedding/Starks/Jeyne ties are interesting, for sure.On the other hand, for the TV show, this use of Talisa/Jeyne, if it is where they are going, is interesting.
349	Rockroi	2012-05-07	Um... because he never set her free, he just chose not to kill her. I'm not sure why you're having so much trouble with this; he didn't make the choice he did in the novels of letting her go. He couldn't bring himself to kill her, but wasn't about to let her escape, eitherDoes that concept really need an essay-length post asking why?Well, considering your answer is pretty bad, yes I would say it does.  Jon taking Ygritte prisoner makes literally no sense because Halfhand said, like 2 minutes before, that they were not taking her captive and that Jon would execute her.  So, what?  Jon thinks Halfhand (a man who gave him the â<U+0080><U+009C>This-job-sucks-and-weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re-all-hard-men-so-you-better-learn-fastâ<U+0080><U+009D> talk ) is going to drag this woman to and fro while they destroy other encampments?  Is that what he is thinking?  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s amazingly stupid. First off, he's chasing her because he didn't let her go yet. He couldn't kill her, she ran, he chased her. At this point, I don't think he really knows what to do with her.Following a character who does not know what he is doing after he just did something really meaningful is not interesting at all.  I am watching all this energy being expended on activities that have no rhyme nor reason.  BTW- you could be 100% correct- Jon probably has no idea what he is doing or why he is doing it.  I can grasp that.  My problem is how much time it wastes on material we do not need.  I think having this side-show is taking away time from other story elements, most notably, Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. We don't need this chase.  And how do I know this?  Because the book operated just fine without it. I believe that he'll find the Halfhands encampment, but before he rejoins him, he'll "surprisingly" let Ygritte go free.If that is the case (and I can see that happening) then it will confirm my suspicion that this is just a gigantic waste of time and to have Kit have something to do while they shuffled him off to Iceland.   If he just chased her so he can release her later, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a waste of time. If my options were to either spend the night spooning with Ygritte or spooning with Qhorin Halfhand, IÂ´d run after her as well!Okay.  Fair point. 1- Because they don't have enough food to feed her if they let her live.2- Because if they let her go, she would run and alert Mance Rayder and his people of their presence and bring some Wildings back with her to kill em.Why was he chasing her after he failed to kill her? Please see point 2.In no way shape or form does this answer the question.  You simply stated a reason Jon should have killed her.  Well, we all know Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not going to kill her; that ship has sailed.  So, what?  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to â<U+0080>¦ what?  Drag her back to Qhiron?  Okay, but Halfhand will kill her!  Soâ<U+0080>¦ what?  Seriously, this chase was a mess; a convoluted trip of unnecessary traipsing to establish that Jon Snow is confused.  Well, I would have gotten to that exact same place had Jon decided NOT to kill her and then let her go.  That makes some sense.  Here?  Here Jon takes actions and then contradicts them (wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t kill her but wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let her go either).  Its not working.If you are all correct that Jon had not decided to let her go, but had decided to kill her then it confirms my greatest fear:  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s chasing her because they have nothing else for him to do.
350	Pliskin	2012-05-07	On the other hand, for the TV show, this use of Talisa/Jeyne, if it is where they are going, is interesting.I think she's just got caught in the middle of battles and used a fake identity to hide the fact that she's a daughter of a sworn bannerman of Tywin, so that Robb could not take her as a hostage.
					
					
							Edited by Pliskin, 07 May 2012 - 02:30 PM.
351	flinky	2012-05-07	did anyone else take tha color of paper that the Westerling/Volantis girl has and the one Tywin has as a hint as to why the red wedding happens?  there are pictures of what the letter says on reddit that make it seem as they are setting it up as she is the one, or Bolton for that matter, giving away their positions and movements.
352	Crown	2012-05-07	Alfie Allen, halle-fucking-luja. He was great! Isaac and Luwin (forgot the actor's name) were wonderful aswell. The Winterfell scene was better than expected, and the look on Theon's face after Rodriks decapitation was worth gold.
'Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now you are truly lost.'
The Riot was intense, especially Sophie Turner during the 'rape'. Fantastic.
EDIT: Add Ygritte and Talisa to the 'hot actresses' list.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 07 May 2012 - 02:38 PM.
353	towerofjoy	2012-05-07	I do really miss the general absence of animals - horses, dire wolves, dragons. I get all the reasons why but still a gap. 
That said, book Ghost was frequently separated from Jon and did his own thing. And book Summer and Shaggy were also separated from Bran and Rickon for most of COK. So it's not really a big departure.
But Greywind was constantly with Robb - and this IS significant later. Also will be interesting if Greywind takes a dislike to Talisa if she really is a spy/in on the betrayal later. And if Cat notices and that's a source of tension between her an Robb.
Even with the changes, I think the show will basically end up in the same place as the books at the end of the season.
354	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	Anybody else think the actor playing Jaqen looks like Brad Pitt? (SIAP)IGU! WITFWI â<U+0080><U+009C>SIAPâ<U+0080><U+009D>?
355	chris_warrior	2012-05-07	No need to waste budget dollars on Irri, who plays no role in the book other than waiting on Dany, when you can use that on Edmure or Jojen or Meera or Ramsay.unless it becomes unimportant that Dany uses her as a bedmate. far be it for HBO to ignore a chance to show a sexy side of a character?or was it Doreah?in either event, it's a tiny scene that shows a hugely frustrated side of Dany;'s character that i think leads her to do some rather unwise stuff in later books (be so hurt by Jorah's actions, crawl into bed with a mercenary, etc).
356	chris_warrior	2012-05-07	So if Dany's handmaidens are all dead then does that mean we won't have any girl on girl action on the ship to Slaver's Bay? /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />that was my thought, and woe betide HBO if they miss a chance to show boobies. *wry look* and yet _i_ would miss that scene, short as it should be, because it really gives us a glimpse into how frustrated and alone Dany truly is, and explains a bit why she makes some fairly unwise personal space choices later on, especially feeling so betrayed by Jorah (and sending him away) and screwing a mercenary Captain.
357	Frumpus	2012-05-07	The only thing that disappointed me about this episode is that Amory Lorch won't be fed to bears. Are the brave companions even going to be introduced? I wonder what will happen to Rorge and Biter later on, or if Jaime gets to keep his hand.
358	Sun	2012-05-07	Which then brings you to point 1 - still not enough food to surive.  So back to why did he chase her - he all ready made the decision to not kill her when he intentionally missed the swing and he knows he can't keep them both alive.  So he made the choice to let her live - to what end?  To bring her to Quorin - well, we know what he will do.  Dead Ygritte.Bring her to Mance?  Nope, can't do that because then not only have you let her live to get the info to the WIldlings but you've also given yourself and your nice sword up.  Jon dead.Bring her to the Wall?  Not enough food.  both dead.So how does letting her live, then chasing her down then just falling asleep next to her make sense?  It doesn'tThat's the whole point of the scene. He doesn't know what to do. He's struggling to make a decision that either way will cost him and others dearly. He couldn't kill her in that moment, but he's not yet ready to let her go and put the lives of all his brother crows in danger.  Unlike the book, we don't see inside Jon's head in the show, so instead they have to show us his thought process, show us his doubts, show us his moral struggles, before they show us Jon arriving at a decision.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 03:20 PM.
359	bloodymime	2012-05-07	I agree, is she is supposed to be this bratty or it's the way the actress emilia is depicting her..When she starts going off on fire and blood her facial expressions really remind me of Viserys from the first season. Good casting with those two.
360	Reposado	2012-05-07	Robb's character butchered? check
jon snow's character butchered? check
but umm we got another scene of tywin being oblivious. sooooo, let's just continue making plot decisions based on casting
361	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-07	Well... after this last episode, I guess next week we'll see lord Tywin burn down Harrenhall and everyone in it.
I love the actors. Their performances are amazing.
But I feel the producers are destroying characters, cutting away at their essence.
I can get past the fact that BLACK Lorren is blonde. But why do they have to mess with lord Tywin?
He's a masterpiece of a character. George R. R. Martin constructed him perfectly, a hard, family man, always wanting to win, not wanting to make any compromises. From the books I only know lord Tywin to lose his cool once - "They have my son!".
And now I see him looking like a combination between a spolied brat and an old woman, always shouting and humiliating people.
Lord Tywin does not humiliate you. He destroys you!
He's a powerful man, not an every-day villain. Please don't ruin him! Don't turn him into a Joker-like villain!
The scene with Amory Lorch, although funny as hell, would mean only one thing in the books: The burning of Harrenhall.
362	Jory's Shade	2012-05-07	I don't mind the synthesis of characters and storylines to make the TV narrative more seemless and forum conscious.  However, I really wanted to see that bear eat Amory Lorch. 
The dragon-knapping was a great plot device to get Dany to go to the House of the Undying.  No matter what Dany's motivation for going to visit the warlocks, D&D simply cannot remove the visions she obtains there to keep the overall Fire & Ice saga intact.  I understand this show is called Game of Thrones, but it is still the Song of Ice and Fire.  The foundation for Lightbringer and R'hllor has been lain, therefore, there must be a foundation for the Prince Who was Promised and the Song of Ice and Fire that is prophesized in the Rhaegar vision.   
Subject to the foregoing, the episode was splendid and the Hound stole the show.
363	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-07	I love the way the Spice Merchant  speaks to bratty Daenery, I just can help but laugh with pleasure. " have you sat on the Iron Throne before? .....
D: "No but my father did"
Emily C is really acting her part well. " I will take what is mine with Fire and blood."
I loved the riot scene , everything : Tyrion slap, Sansa attack and The Hound to the rescue.
So now the dear Queen to be of westeros is the Khalasie of......  what? zero people only Jorah and the only dothraky left? or am I wrong. I did see some dothraky on the floor and since there were only few of them to begin with . ho well I cannot complain this episode was good.
364	TyrionFan57	2012-05-07	That's the whole point of the scene. He doesn't know what to do. He's struggling to make a decision that either way will cost him and others dearly. He couldn't kill her in that moment, but he's not yet ready to let her go and put the lives of all his brother crows in danger.  Unlike the book, we don't see inside Jon's head in the show, so instead they have to show us his thought process, show us his doubts, show us his moral struggles, before they show us Jon arriving at a decision.I think you are spot-on.  It's possible that they are just setting up more "bonding time" between Jon and Ygritte.  I think he will let her go before he joins back up with Quorin and then things will be back on track with what most people believe must happen with Quorin, Jon joining the wildlings, etc.
365	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	I saw only two dingle-dangly dragon  tails swishing out the basket at the end, not three. I wonder why?Perhaps that means the third dragonling fell out of the box, or snuck out and got away, or was out hunting wabbits when the dragonnappers arrived, or was with Ser â<U+0080><U+009C>Just Call me Rogerâ<U+0080><U+009D> Jorah on a show-and-tell mission to the ship captains, or is in the box trying to eat its own tail all Ouroboros-like, or had its poor tail lopped off, or got its widdle self squishticated in the snatch, or has already been converted into scrumpdiddlyumptious dragon tikka masala.Hey now, I wonder whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>d know just what the best spices to use in dragon tikka masala might be?
366	Lothar Imbel	2012-05-07	Irrelevant, but the way Jack Gleeson said 'not really relevant is it?" made me laugh.
367	Howdyphillip	2012-05-07	If you are all correct that Jon had not decided to let her go, but had decided to kill her then it confirms my greatest fear:  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s chasing her because they have nothing else for him to do.The reason that the scene works for me is because it is a way for the writers to show us the conflicting ideas about his vows and Ygrette that is only made known to the reader by John's thoughts. That is the crucial narrative out of the books with this sub plot, and I thought that the spooning scene was brilliant as it conveyed that message in an easy way for the viewer to understand.
368	Arkash	2012-05-07	Rewatching the end of the episode: there is a quick moment when he have a small glimpse at the face of the man carrying the dragons and I think I identify Pyat Pree's skinny jaw.If you are all correct that Jon had not decided to let her go, but had decided to kill her then it confirms my greatest fear: Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s chasing her because they have nothing else for him to do.No. It's just postponing the return of Qhorin and giving the character some more time together so when they'll meet the Lord of Bones, Ygritte's vouching for Jon will be more plausible, and I like the fact that we have them just together a little longer, both because I like the actress playing Ygritte and seconly because it gives them more times together and beautiful cinematography.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 07 May 2012 - 05:37 PM.
369	Spidey	2012-05-07	Well... after this last episode, I guess next week we'll see lord Tywin burn down Harrenhall and everyone in it.I love the actors. Their performances are amazing.But I feel the producers are destroying characters, cutting away at their essence.I can get past the fact that BLACK Lorren is blonde. But why do they have to mess with lord Tywin?He's a masterpiece of a character. George R. R. Martin constructed him perfectly, a hard, family man, always wanting to win, not wanting to make any compromises. From the books I only know lord Tywin to lose his cool once - "They have my son!".And now I see him looking like a combination between a spolied brat and an old woman, always shouting and humiliating people.Lord Tywin does not humiliate you.How do you know? We never witnessed his war councils in ACoK. We never read about him continuously receiving humiliating news from the war. We don't know how he reacted to that.He already had the friggin' Mountain out there terrorizing the small folk,  "Setting the Riverlands on fire, from the God's Eye to the Red Fork"What more could he have done? Burning Harrenhal down? What for? No one cares about that pile of rocks. Least of all the people living there.
370	blasted_saber	2012-05-07	Great episode
- Jon and Ygritte spooning. I lol'd.
- Tywin since he arrived at Harrenhal is reminding me of a DragonBall Z story arc. He spending multiple episodes in the same room discussing battle strategy is like Goku spending multiple episodes powering up. Tywin is about to ascend to "Super Lannister 3"
- I like the contrast of Theon and Ned in the decapitations. Ned took care of it like a Soldier and a Man. Theon looked like a kid playing war.
- The Dragons getting stolen adds a bit of excitement to Danys story. Its been stalled pretty much since the funeral pryre. I dont see how this cancels the visions in the HOTU.
- The Hound was great this episode. Although im slightly disconcerted that Sandor appears like a giant while Gregor a few epsiodes looked like an average dude. I realize that book hound is a big dude too, but the difference isnt great enough in the TV series IMO.
Forgive my mis-memory as I read the first four books one after another, but doesnt Jamie do SOMETHING in ACOK? Like Anything?
					
					
							Edited by blasted_saber, 07 May 2012 - 06:15 PM.
371	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-05-07	Some thoughts on episode six:The fall of Winterfell was perhaps even more sudden here than in the book.Theon is a real a*****e! As Rodrik said, he's truly lost now, and deserves every bad thing that comes his way.Speaking of Rodrik, he met an earlier, and gruesome, death, and at the inept hands of Theon no less. That's why there are professional executioners.Even if we haven't seen how it plays out, it seems that Jon Snow's defection to the Wildlings will be more accidental than planned by Qorin. If so, I don't like it. It takes away from Jon's sacrifice. And how can a little bit of running take him so far off from his brothers in the Night's Watch?No stupid sex scenes, if you don't count nekkid Tonks.The Littlefinger/Tywin scene lacked suspense since it's made up and we know from the books that he never saw Arya at Harrenhal.But Amory Lorch got an earlier death, like the Tickler did. I have to say that this Arya choses her deaths from Jaqen better than book Arya.In the riot of King's Landing, Sansa got a lot closer to being raped. I still miss a proper talk between her and the Hound.Yay, another slapping of Joffrey! Ten points to Gryffindor... I mean Tyrion Lannister!I suppose Talisa will be revealed as Jeyne Westerling. Good.Totally new scenes with Dany and the abduction of her dragons. I suppose this will substitute the House of Undying scenes from the book. I can understand they wanted to avoid that since those visions would be very spoilerish, much like they never showed Ned Stark's flashbacks from the Tower of Joy.So now Irri is dead? I really, really hope Doreah will remain alive.Now I think it's safe to say that we will not see any Reed siblings, or Riverrun and the Blackfish (at least not this season). A pity, I was looking forward to Riverrun.
372	nara	2012-05-07	How did Roose know that Theon had killed Ser Rodrik? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Luwin's raven says the following: "Ironmen have taken Winterfell. Theon Greyjoy in command."This was sent before Theon had killed Rodrik, when Luwin was desperately getting his raven off mid-takeover. Yet Roose knows that he's dead, despite (presumably) only reading the above.Sup?Theon thought that Maester Luwin would obey him as Lord of Winterfell.  He may not have guarded him and therefore Luwin was able to send more ravens...Or, he may have actually asked him to announce his conquest of Winterfell.
373	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	Forgive my mis-memory as I read the first four books one after another, but doesnt Jamie do SOMETHING in ACOK? Like Anything?No. The actor has actually noted that the producers have been nice/smart enough to move material from SOS into this season to give him something to do in the upcoming episodes.
374	nara	2012-05-07	Forgive my mis-memory as I read the first four books one after another, but doesnt Jamie do SOMETHING in ACOK? Like Anything?Jaime is barely in ACOK (shows up in catelyn's last POV, I believe), but there is a mention of an escape attempt, so we should see that in the show.  I remember reading the book-- waiting and waiting for Jaime to show up--and being very disappointed.On a separate subject, Someone else mentioned it, but I was annoyed that they made Myrcella cry.  I loved the part of Tyrion's POV where he thinks that Myrcella Baratheon is a born princess and didn't cry at all (and comforted Tommen) when she went away.  I think she'll turn out to be the best and bravest of the Lannisters.Also, I found myself wondering if TV-Arya would have been better off revealing herself to TV-Tywin.  He seems like the type who is sensible.  Therefore, he would keep her a hostage, but well protected, for Jaime's sake.  Just wondering...
375	Greyjoy67	2012-05-07	Yeah, but I always assumed he was just trampled to death or beaten up by a lynch mob. That whole zombie-like ripping scene was beyond cheesy and retarded. A human arm just doesn't get torn off like that, for crying out loud. When the mob started snarling like zombies, I snorted in derision and thought, "what's this, a Romero movie?". When the arm came off I just had to laugh. Idiotic.I never clocked that until you mentioned it. Not all of us are so observant. And that's the thing. These issues are nitpicks, not grand problems as you make them out to be. I personally loved this episode and only started noticing a lot of the continuity/silly stuff when I came on here. Come on guys, let's calm down.Speaking of cheesy gore, while I enjoyed Sandor trouncing those would-be rapists (I mean it's hard to NOT enjoy the Hound kicking ass), the guts spilling out was just stupid. Gore like that belongs in a zombie flick, not Game of Thrones. It looked goofy and cartoonish.If you say so. See above.Agreed! Thank you. And THANK YOU for pointing out the sheer idiocy of the Jon/Ygritte scene. Oh my fucking god, that was retarded and pointless and nerd-rage inducing. You know, I get that the show needs to cut, to adapt, blah blah blah, budget, constraint, TV format, etc. But nothing, nothing whatsoever justified this change. It was not only longer than it needed to be, it made no sense. The only reason I can think of is to make Jon look like a complete fucktard. Ugh.This just looks like needless cynicism. I don't really got what your problem is on this one...? It's just a rant about... what? I found the scene quite sweet, the lines showed Jon's vulnerability and self-doubt and their chemistry worked well. I can see their scenes later being really good. And I didn't have a problem with the fact that there was an element of comedy, it doesn't have to be 100% serious all of the time.Also, the whole "Dany needs something to do" notion needs to die. Dany has 5 chapters in ACoK, so what? We hardly see Jaime either. Or Barristan. We don't see Lysa at all til the end of ASoS. Theon is not at all in A Storm of Swords. They already gutted Bran's storyline, why would they need to addto Dany's? It will be inevitable that some actors/characters have fewer appearances or screen time for prolonged periods of time due to how the story is written. Or are you people gonna encourage them to invent arbitrary storylines for Theon in Season 3 when we all know that he does nothing except being tortured and broken by Ramsay?Dany was a popular figure in the first series, and was marketed as one of the main characters in S1. You cannot just throw her away for a season and expect non-book fans to just accept it. It's TV suicide. I personally think the weakest part of the season 2 has been not developing her story even sooner. She was the main character in book 2 that needed her story accelerated for the show to be honest. And I dread to see what will happen with Robb. There was nothing wrong with him taking an arrow wound, getting feverish and being "nursed" to health by Jeyne. It made sense, and also, Catelyn wasn't around to remind him of his duty. They made that storyline just far less believable already.Now you're just being pessimistic. There's nout wrong with the scenes they've put in either. Why not trust the writers and see where it goes?I was really looking forward to the House of the Undying, because I figured it was their opportunity to show flashbacks and visions. But now I'm dreading the whole thing. I have no reason to trust in the writers and I am expecting the whole thing to suck. Hey, that way I won't be disappointed, and if I'm wrong, I'll be pleasantly surprised...*Cough*Don't mean to be a twat, and just nitpick all your nitpicks, but seriously. Dare I say purist? ....
376	FantA´me	2012-05-07	Some things bothered me in this episode, mainly important changes concerning the characters .Tywin for obvious reasons . Arya being so peaceful and undisturbed by Tywin's side I wonder how non readers are going to understand what she becomes later if this goes on. It seemed to me that it was really important that she doesn't get to have this kind of "comfortable"  (when compared to what she goes through) environment during her journey to understand her evolution. Jon being ,again, an annoying idiot and what the hell are they doing to his storyline? I just hope people arguing that they're just giving him time with Ygritte and they'll eventually resume the course of events as we know it are right.
    On the other hand, I liked the riot scene even thought I found the gore parts sort of ridiculous (torn arm and  entrails )  , the interaction between Arya and Jaqen was funny and I'm perfectly fine with Dany's portrayal thought I'm sceptical about the dragon stealing.
   But in fact I'm ready to ignore it all and mark this episode as one of my favorites because of the first scene alone. I just loved every single bit of it, be it Theon, Bran, Ser Rodrick or Master Luwin ,the actors were all perfect. It was so powerful , well-written and greatly acted that for me it makes up for all the rest.
377	Chalkius Stark	2012-05-07	My thoughts, on what I found to be the best episode of the series so far (like last series, E06 is where everything starts to happen!)
- Sacking of Winterfell. All happened a bit fast, but that's good. Loved hoe Theon took charge, or at least tried. Then had people taking the piss, and it showed that he's basically still a joke. Which is all good. And goodbye Ser Rodrik. Loved his final words, especially 'I'll be seeing your father soon', or whatever that was, brought a little tear to my eye. I like Dagmer as well.
- Osha and the escaping was done well...also, Natalia Tena has the best body on the show...hands down...
- Dany. They've done well creating some interest around what was a boring storyline. It's being well acted by all, very much liking XXD
- Qhorin is awesome, liked his scenes. While Jon and Ygritte is playing out as I'd like, Rose Leslie will be a good addition, though as I love redheads she can do virtually no wrong in my eyes....
- Kings Landing - Loved those scenes. The hound, that BAMF, take a bow my son, take a bow, that was awesome! This is what I've been waiting to see. Sophie Turner did well also, while loved how Tyrion and Joff interacted, especially the massive slap!
- Arya. Liked the interaction with Tywin, Maisie and Charles play off each other very well. Also, more Jaqen is fine by me.
Edit:
How can I forget....RAMSAY IS IN!!!!! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAH
					
					
							Edited by Chalkius Stark, 07 May 2012 - 07:26 PM.
378	Dragon of Valyria	2012-05-07	Did anyone else hear Talisa say her last name was Maegi (or sounded something very much like that)?  What do you think this means for Robb breaking his vows/Red Wedding storyline and the conjecture surrounding that? I've seen it spelled Maegyr, which is perfectl Valyrian/Volantene sounding, if true.
379	Leuf	2012-05-07	As far as the letter Arya takes, this is what I've been able to make out from itMarching ten thousand west to Lannisport _____the tooth.  Estimate to reach you by week's end.  Sco___Robb Stark moving troops south by coast __ __ will ___turn east at SilverhillNow I can't see this as being from either Talisa or Roose, because why would they mention Robb in the middle of the letter?  The whole letter would be about what Robb is doing if it were either of them.   I think it has to be from some other Lannister force, the remnants of Stafford's host I suppose, who are talking about what they are doing and then what their scouts report Robb is doing.  But we're surely supposed to be suspecting Talisa.I think Arya takes it because she thinks she can use the info to find her way to Robb, not to try to hide it from Tywin.Irri /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I really liked what they did with Qarth last episode, especially the whole interaction between Dany, Irri, and Doreah, so I'm pissed about Irri being killed.  I'll be even more mad if Doreah was part of it and she dies too.  I'm okay with the dragons being taken though. I thought the KL riot scene was well done, except the arm being ripped off which was just silly.  Surprised they showed Sansa's almost rape.I'm not on board with the changes to Jon's story, but have to admit that Ygritte's wiggling made up for it.
380	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-07	According to ancient astronaut theorists, Littlefinger must be an extraterrestrial who can make Einstein-Rosen bridges to travel Westeros.
    At least if LF is travelling, we don't have to see him in the brothel!
  I think they are softening Tywin to set up the RW.  If non book reading audiences start to think he's not so bad it will be very shocking that he orchestrates a cold blooded murder.
  Perhaps Talisa/Jeyne is being forced to participate in this scam like Roslin Frey?  If she doesn't know about the assasination plot, she can admit shes a spy, profess her love etc.  Robb could marry her to keep her safe so she can run away from home.  This way she can be a spy and still fall in love with him.  That would be ok with me, but they need some better dialogue.  You can get cheesy romance anywhere.
  As to the Jon/Ygritte chase scene, sure it was pointless but it took up one minute and doesn't change the story arc.  Is it worth all this upset?
  Why does Roose saying Ramsay is at the Dreadfort mean he can't be Dagmer?  Roose has to tell the truth all of a sudden?  Roose could have sent a raven to Ramsay as soon as Theon departs for the Iron Islands and Ramsay could have hurried over there.  It requires a bit of a plot stretch to imagine that none of the Ironborn noticed he was a stranger but oh well.
381	Morrigan	2012-05-07	Hats off to whoever came up with Dagmer=Ramsay.That's brilliant. It makes perfect sense. Dagmer already seems to take over Reeks function at Theon's side. And it would explain why they didn't cast Ramsay. They actually did, right under our noses. Sneaky bastards....No it's not brilliant. And it makes zero sense. What would Ramsay be doing in the Iron Islands? Also, why would the other Ironborn accept him as their own, as if they'd known him for a long while? Do you people actually think these things through or... o_OShe needed to be free. That way she wasn't locked up under guardSo why not do it like in the book, where she says "give me a spear" and kicks a guy in the bollocks and Theon is impressed at her fierceness? Oh that's right, no boobies that way.Almost every change that has been made is an improvement on the source material and makes for a tighter more interesting show.What. I just... ah.... I just can't believe there are people like that. Wow. Inconsistent characters, plot holes, gratuitous sex and lazy writing > ASoIaF. Okay...And Jon chased Ygritte for any of many reasons not the least of which is to prevent her from warning the free folk, and because he was supposed to have killed her.And how is he going to prevent her from doing that without, y'know, killing her?Rockroi is completely correct, the scene made no sense and was badly written. It was also very cheesy. I think it's by far the worst part of the episode.I had to post this on it's own. Why do half of you people even watch the damn show? So you can comlain about every episode? Get over it! IT"S JUST A TV SHOW! Would you rather know everything thats going to happen, scene by scene. Like previously said: Get over it or get a girlfriend."Why do you post here? So you can complain about complaints? Get over it! IT'S JUST A MESSAGE BOARD! Get over it and get a girlfriend."I never clocked that until you mentioned it. Not all of us are so observant. And that's the thing. These issues are nitpicks, not grand problems as you make them out to be. I personally loved this episode and only started noticing a lot of the continuity/silly stuff when I came on here. Come on guys, let's calm down.Erm, what? You didn't notice the zombie mob, the arm flying off and the guts spilling out? I didn't notice it on a re-watch or anything, I only saw the episode once and I'm not the most acutely observant of watchers. It was right there.This just looks like needless cynicism. I don't really got what your problem is on this one...? It's just a rant about... what? I found the scene quite sweet, the lines showed Jon's vulnerability and self-doubt and their chemistry worked well. I can see their scenes later being really good. And I didn't have a problem with the fact that there was an element of comedy, it doesn't have to be 100% serious all of the time.Rockroi already explained why the scene was stupid. Basically, if Jon meant to spare her (and we know he did, he didn't "miss" that sword swing), why was he chasing her? He wasn't going to kill her. He wasn't going to follow her all the way to the wildling camp. He wasn't going to take her back as prisoner to Qhorin, since Qhorin would have killed her. Even if you want to make Jon an indecisive moron (which is a crappy thing to do to the character), the scene still doesn't make sense.Now you're just being pessimistic. There's nout wrong with the scenes they've put in either. Why not trust the writers and see where it goes?Why would I trust them when I've found their writing to be lamentable as far as these things are concerned? I'm only pessimistic because they keep making stupid decisions.Don't mean to be a twat, and just nitpick all your nitpicks, but seriously. Dare I say purist? ....Sure, I'm a purist. I want to watch an adaptation of the novels I loved, not a bastardized, badly written fanfiction. I don't hate every single change, just the ones they do poorly. It just happens that this episode had a fuckton of those.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 07 May 2012 - 08:13 PM.
382	Chelly	2012-05-07	This was the best episode of the season so far for me. So much awesomeness from the very beginning to the end!The Good:I freaking squealed out loud at Roose's mention of his bastard at the Dreadfort. YES! Ramsay is coming. Maybe not this season, but he surely is coming...and I can't wait to meet that sick bastard fuck on tv. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Fucking loved Ygritte. The actress looks great and she really sold herself as Ygritte to me. She's so adorable in her big furs. Ygritte, my girl.. can't blame her for trying. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> She cracked me up with her grinding and Jon's reaction to her was priceless. I adored this couple in the books and so far I'm already loving them on the show.I'm totally digging Dany's side plot. Its interesting and Emilia would have gone to waste this season if they kept her story by the book, being that she didn't really have a whole lot except the HotU. I wonder if Doreah betrayed her...I'm sad that Irri died because I liked her /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> . I like the sassy spice king. I do love Dany, but its good to not have everybody immediately kiss her ass just because she's a Targ, has dragons, etc... I also find Xaro ten times much more interesting and appealing on the show, than in the book. He annoyed the hell out of me in the books.Theon taking Winterfell was heart-wrenching and conflicting for me. I was so sad for Bran and Rickon and their actors really sold their grief and despair at loosing Ser Rodrik(who went out like a boss). It was conflicting because Theon being a fav of mine, I still hated seeing this happen. He was so stupid, desperate, pathetic, and unnecessarily brutal, yet I can still see the very deep, sad, and human motives for his gigantic and consecutive fuck ups. Also:Also: Oh, hi Brienne! Tywin and Arya continue to rock. Jaqen continues to be a sexy beast. Sandor saving Sansa...  /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />.The Bad:Alas, there was no "Brotherfucker!". I really wanted that included, but oh well, at least Joff gets the shit thrown in his face. No shirtless Genry or Jaqen bath scene... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />The Shallow:Robb is hot and Talisa/Jeyne/whatever is pretty. That's all I gotta say about that.Jaqen is freaking smoldering!(In case I forgot to say that)Dagmer has a sexy voice /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
383	Reposado	2012-05-07	Sure, I'm a purist. I want to watch an adaptation of the novels I loved, not a bastardized, badly written fanfiction. I don't hate every single change, just the ones they do poorly. It just happens that this episode had a fuckton of those.agreed. there are good changes and bad changes. the last few weeks have had some mindboggling decisions. what they've done with robb and jon have kinda robbed their characters of what was good about them.in the book, robb sacrificed his own honor to uphold that of another, after making a mistake in a moment on understandable weakness. now he's betraying his country because he's infatuated with a fieldhand. awesome.and oh god was that mob scene poorly done. walking dead bad.
384	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-07	I think it's because they changed the purpose of Jon/Qhorin's mission.  In the book they were just scouting, so letting her go wasn't a big deal, now they are going for a sneak assassination, so they can't afford to have anyone give warning, and have Mance be ready for them when they show up at his camp.
385	Leuf	2012-05-07	...No it's not brilliant. And it makes zero sense. What would Ramsay be doing in the Iron Islands? Also, why would the other Ironborn accept him as their own, as if they'd known him for a long while? Do you people actually think these things through or... o_OThe theory was based on the fact that Dagmer comes up to Theon after the rest of the crew leaves him for the boat and only then introduces himself as first mate, then proceeds to manipulate Theon into completely changing his plans.  If Theon calls him first mate when they get on the boat the rest of the crew has no reason to argue the point.It's far fetched, but less crackpot than many theories.  Far more likely Dagmer is just filling the role of Reek.
386	Nymeria's	2012-05-07	Are they getting rid of the whole Khalasar? It looks like everyone was murdered. I can't wait to see the house of the undying go up in flames. Who steals baby dragons from their Mother? "Do not wake the dragon." Blood and fire will follow. And Dany started to sound like Viserys--almost whiny. I love her!
What was the point of Jon chasing Ygritte around? I was was hoping Ghost would appear and tackle her. That would have been fun. At least I was hoping to hear "You know nothing Jon Snow." That would have been the perfect way to end the scene!
387	wolverine	2012-05-07	Are they getting rid of the whole Khalasar?What was the point of Jon chasing Ygritte around? I was was hoping Ghost would appear and tackle her. That would have been fun.I was totally thinking the same thing for both of these.  Was just waiting for some Ghost on Wildling action.
388	PhoenixFlame	2012-05-07	Ok, last random comment but one thing I thought was a nice touch -- it seemed like the Hound was trying to spare Sansa the worst of the gore. Like, he spun the guys around to slit throats/disembowel, so Sansa wouldn't get sprayed in the face. Awwwwww.
And I loved Tyrion's like when he yelled at Joffrey "You owe him a lot you know!" hahahahaha.
389	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	best part of the beheading was theon finishing it by kicking the head off the body
390	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	is it me or do the dragons seem to small to burn down the HotU.  Last week they could barely charbroil a piece of meat
391	Leuf	2012-05-07	is it me or do the dragons seem to small to burn down the HotU.  Last week they could barely charbroil a piece of meatI was thinking that too.  They delayed "dracarys", and then Dany hasn't been in Qarth long enough for them to grow.  Maybe the three of them together will cross the streams Ghostbusters style.  Or Drogon was just holding back because he likes his meat medium rare.
392	PhoenixFlame	2012-05-07	A cigarette can start a forest fire...
393	legba11	2012-05-07	is it me or do the dragons seem to small to burn down the HotU.  Last week they could barely charbroil a piece of meati think part of the the abduction by the warlocks is that their magic will age the dragons a bit, so they are more impressive for their needed roles in the slave cities.
394	Darth Pipes	2012-05-07	This was the best episode of the season so far for me. So much awesomeness from the very beginning to the end!The Good:I freaking squealed out loud at Roose's mention of his bastard at the Dreadfort. YES! Ramsay is coming. Maybe not this season, but he surely is coming...and I can't wait to meet that sick bastard fuck on tv. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Fucking loved Ygritte. The actress looks great and she really sold herself as Ygritte to me. She's so adorable in her big furs. Ygritte, my girl.. can't blame her for trying. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> She cracked me up with her grinding and Jon's reaction to her was priceless. I adored this couple in the books and so far I'm already loving them on the show.I'm totally digging Dany's side plot. Its interesting and Emilia would have gone to waste this season if they kept her story by the book, being that she didn't really have a whole lot except the HotU. I wonder if Doreah betrayed her...I'm sad that Irri died because I liked her /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> . I like the sassy spice king. I do love Dany, but its good to not have everybody immediately kiss her ass just because she's a Targ, has dragons, etc... I also find Xaro ten times much more interesting and appealing on the show, than in the book. He annoyed the hell out of me in the books.Theon taking Winterfell was heart-wrenching and conflicting for me. I was so sad for Bran and Rickon and their actors really sold their grief and despair at loosing Ser Rodrik(who went out like a boss). It was conflicting because Theon being a fav of mine, I still hated seeing this happen. He was so stupid, desperate, pathetic, and unnecessarily brutal, yet I can still see the very deep, sad, and human motives for his gigantic and consecutive fuck ups. Also:Also: Oh, hi Brienne! Tywin and Arya continue to rock. Jaqen continues to be a sexy beast. Sandor saving Sansa...  /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />.The Bad:Alas, there was no "Brotherfucker!". I really wanted that included, but oh well, at least Joff gets the shit thrown in his face. No shirtless Genry or Jaqen bath scene... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />The Shallow:Robb is hot and Talisa/Jeyne/whatever is pretty. That's all I gotta say about that.Jaqen is freaking smoldering!(In case I forgot to say that)Dagmer has a sexy voice /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />So instead of Winter is Coming, Ramsay is Coming!  That is a hell of a lot scarier than winter...Yeah, I can't believe they didn't belt out a "Brotherfucker" line either.  Cersei was noticably absent once they were all pulled to safety.I just want to single out Donald Sumpter, who is doing a tremendous job with the role of Maester Luwin and as one poster mentioned, has brought a ton of humanity to the role.  Whatever the fate of TV Luwin is, it will be a loss for the show not to see him again.
395	Impfan	2012-05-07	IGU! WITFWI â<U+0080><U+009C>SIAPâ<U+0080><U+009D>?SIAP is not on the list you linked to.ROFLMAO!!!!
396	Planetary	2012-05-07	Great episode. For those of us who have read the books, keep in mind that we have absolutely no reference point for people who know the story only from the TV show. It's very easy to forget how lost or overwhelmed people can get with a cast this big, a story that hops around so much, and all the things that are left unsaid in dialogue but are present only in the little details.
The HBO folks get those little details right the vast majority of the time. And when they change something, it's almost always for the sake of leaner, more efficient storytelling. That's the reality of a 10-episode season.
Regarding the raging over Roose and Ramsay, the changes are necessary. The audience has to see that Roose Bolton is Robb's bannerman and supporter, otherwise no one will care that some random dude they've never seen before goes and betrays Robb. The writers have managed to kill two birds with one stone â<U+0080><U+0094> Bolton is established as Robb's bannerman, he's seen with Robb in several scenes, and in the meantime the audience gets to see much, much more of Charles Dance as Tywin Lannister.
My only nitpick is, where the hell is the Greatjon? My guess is it wasn't worth it for the actor or the show's budget to have him just hanging out in the background, but for the sake of consistency it would have been nice to see him this season among Robb's lords.
Finally, Ygritte. Wow. Rose Leslie is gorgeous and I'm happy to see a real redhead, not a brunette with a bad dye-job. She was fantastic in this episode and I hope we see a lot more of her.
397	Planetary	2012-05-07	i think part of the the abduction by the warlocks is that their magic will age the dragons a bit, so they are more impressive for their needed roles in the slave cities.I also though the tower we see at the end is the House of the Undying, or part of it. On TV, it's a lot easier to get that jarring spatial effect if a character walks into a narrow tower and suddenly the inside is a vast room too big for the exterior....rather than using a low building and putting lots of stairs in it.
398	templar7	2012-05-07	Well, I was expecting more negative reactions, to be honest. Yes, I'm a bit of a book purist (book? what book lol), but I don't mind changes when they are smart and/or well-written. Most of those in this episode really, really weren't. For instance, I enjoyed Tywin and Arya's interactions in the 5th episode. I could list examples of other changes I thought made sense and/or that I enjoyed, but to save time, I'll just nerd-rage about how stupid this episode was overall. I want an adaptation of the novels I loved, not a goddamn fanfiction. *facepalm*Yeah, but I always assumed he was just trampled to death or beaten up by a lynch mob. That whole zombie-like ripping scene was beyond cheesy and retarded. A human arm just doesn't get torn off like that, for crying out loud. When the mob started snarling like zombies, I snorted in derision and thought, "what's this, a Romero movie?". When the arm came off I just had to laugh. Idiotic.Speaking of cheesy gore, while I enjoyed Sandor trouncing those would-be rapists (I mean it's hard  to NOT enjoy the Hound kicking ass), the guts spilling out was just stupid. Gore like that belongs in a zombie flick, not Game of Thrones. It looked goofy and cartoonish.Retarded indeed. I feel for that actress, there was no need to cut her. Especially considering there was a dead handmaiden in the series, and her name was Doreah. Instead they kill off the brown girl (in a completely retarded scene to boot) and keep Doreah alive because... because fuck you is why (?).Yes, that's what we're claiming. Really. Oh wait, no, bugger off.Agreed! Thank you. And THANK YOU for pointing out the sheer idiocy of the Jon/Ygritte scene. Oh my fucking god, that was retarded and pointless and nerd-rage inducing. You know, I get that the show needs to cut, to adapt, blah blah blah, budget, constraint, TV format, etc. But nothing, nothing whatsoever justified this change. It was not only longer than it needed to be, it made no sense. The only reason I can think of is to make Jon look like a complete fucktard. Ugh.Another needless add-on: Osha sleeping with Theon. Just more gratuitous nudity again. It wasn't necessary to her plot to spirit the boys out of Winterfell, she could just have waited for Theon to be asleep normally and do all the rest. But, that way there would be no bewbies, derp.And then there was Dany's dragons being stolen.... what. I mean, seriously, what. Why. Why. Why? Perfect example of change for the sake of change, and don't tell me it's "to give Dany something to do". Dany already had plenty of reasons to visit the House of the Undying, this was just supremely lazy writing to artificially add tension and a cliffhanger to the episode. And so badly done too. They come back to the mansion and all those Dothraki warriors are dead, and yet there isn't a single slain foe in sight. Derp. And where's Doreah? Oh, probably getting naked somewhere, duh.Also, the whole "Dany needs something to do"  notion needs to die. Dany has 5 chapters in ACoK, so what? We hardly see Jaime either. Or Barristan. We don't see Lysa at all til the end of ASoS. Theon is not at all in A Storm of Swords. They already gutted Bran's storyline, why would they need to add to Dany's? It will be inevitable that some actors/characters have fewer appearances or screen time for prolonged periods of time due to how the story is written. Or are you people gonna encourage them to invent arbitrary storylines for Theon in Season 3 when we all know that he does nothing except being tortured and broken by Ramsay?And I dread to see what will happen with Robb. There was nothing wrong with him taking an arrow wound, getting feverish and being "nursed" to health by Jeyne. It made sense, and also, Catelyn wasn't around to remind him of his duty. They made that storyline just far less believable already.I was really looking forward to the House of the Undying, because I figured it was their opportunity to show flashbacks and visions. But now I'm dreading the whole thing. I have no reason to trust in the writers and I am expecting the whole thing to suck. Hey, that way I won't be disappointed, and if I'm wrong, I'll be pleasantly surprised...IMO it was the weakest of the entire series so far. By far.Err.... no. *facepalm* He was checking her out because she obviously looked familiar to him and he was probably wondering where he saw her before. Geez. The real problem with this scene, actually, is twofold: one, Littlefinger can apparently teleport. Seriously, he's everyfuckingwhere. He's obviously D&D's favourite character because his screen time is ludicrously high and he's inserted into a bunch of random scenes and places where he never appeared in the books, just because. Enough already. And second, while I enjoy Charles Dance and the Tywin/Arya interactions were entertaining, they were completely out of character. Tywin confiding in his cupbearer is just absurd. And while Arya screaming "now!" at Jaqen and Jaqen's raised eyebrows made for decent humour, the way Ser Amory died was just ridiculous and far-fetched. I wonder if there'll be any follow-up to that, I mean, an important bannerman of Tywin was murdered just like that, I hope there will be consequences at least... but now I'm no longer holding my breath for any weasel soup.Agreed, with the last sentence at least. But I wish people wouldn't call it the "sack of Winterfell". It wasn't a sack. It was a capture. The sacking/burning comes later, at Ramsay's hand. Also, I thought Winterfell's capture and the riot were by far the least offensive parts of the episode.Wow, what a great jab. You sure showed him. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />One question to all the comlainers who bitch about every evasion form the novels. why watch? Im relieved that I dont know whats going to happen next and most of the changes they have made still fit and keep it moving. In most cases I think they are imrovements. its an adaptation not a copy. I love the books too, dont get me wrong but the sooner I accepted this as a new telling I started liking it more and more. The best thing about the books is their unpredictability, and the show has it too.
399	Snow's Spearwife	2012-05-07	Just watching this again and thought to myself - how could Dagmar end up being the Bastard?
What if Roose sent him to Pyke when Robb sent Theon back to Pyke? Mayhap Roose has been in Tywin's pocket this whole time and this was one of the "schemes" to help Robb fail since they can't defeat him in battle? Just a thought.....
400	Lord Kyle	2012-05-07	I thought the episode was a masterpiece compared to some of the other episodes, but I am too much a purist to say that I loved it.
 Enjoyed the Siege of Winterfell. Really enjoyed the Riot in King's Landing. Hated the Robb and Talisa scene. Was able to stomach the first scene with Tywin and Arya. HATED the scene with the two of them and Littlefinger. Was amused with Jaqen and Lorch. Indifferent to Jon and Qhorin. Liked John, Qhorin, and Ygritte until John decided to not let her go but not kill her. Qarth S-U-C-K-S. LOVED Roose, Robb and Catlyn simply for confirming Ramsay wasn't cut from the show.
Biggest disapointments:
-No Ramsay . . . yet.
-With Rodrik dead who's arm will Ramsay cut off?
-Disapointed with the way Lorch was put down, this guy pulled a crying child out from under her bed and stabbed her to death (along with other atrocities) and instead of being stripped naked and thrown into a pit to be killed by a bear he simply gets a poison dart to the neck.
 I guess its because its ASoIaF, and extremely long, intricate, complicated and detailed story that I get so upset when changes are made to it in the adaptation. When a 334 page book is made into a 2 1/2 hour long movie with only some noticeable changes its not so bad. Yeah most of the time the book is probably better but you still get a really good movie out of it (Silence of the Lambs, The Road) but Game of Thrones leaves me with the same feeling that Jurassic Park and The Lovely Bones movies did when compared to the phenomal books that they're based on.
401	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-07	I really think they will simplify the Reek/Ramsay storyline.  Probably just have Bolton sneakily take Winterfell and then do nasty things to Theon and turn him into Reek (without there having been an original Reek or a Reek/Ramsay).
					
					
							Edited by The Knight of Flours, 07 May 2012 - 10:49 PM.
402	templar7	2012-05-07	the show makes it clear, just ten seconds earlier, that not even many highborn MEN ( and and high-ranking army commanders) know how to read well, how likely is that a peasant can, much less a girl child?I did not like this episode at all, there were more plotholes than plot.I did not like YgritteÂ´s "escape", so pontless and ridiculous, same as DanyÂ´s speech to the spice king. She came across like she was about ready to be signed into a mental institution, so hysterical and over the top.Sorry still dont buy it. Tywin is not a genius, he's just rich. He leaves a tral of oversights in his wake throughout the books. Well argued though. And I do agree with you on Dany's speech.
403	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-07	One issue I have is that the writers are using modern phrases too often.  When someone says, "he disrespected me", or Tywin says, "give us the room", it jars me out of the story.
404	SI Monster	2012-05-07	The theory was based on the fact that Dagmer comes up to Theon after the rest of the crew leaves him for the boat and only then introduces himself as first mate, then proceeds to manipulate Theon into completely changing his plans.  If Theon calls him first mate when they get on the boat the rest of the crew has no reason to argue the point.It's far fetched, but less crackpot than many theories.  Far more likely Dagmer is just filling the role of Reek.Another thing I've noticed is that Dagmer Cleffjaw doesn't have a 'Cleft jaw'. So him being a bastard in squid's clothing makes sense to me.Anyone think they miscast the roles of Asha (Yara) and Ygritte?
405	Rockroi	2012-05-07	Since Morrigan clearly has my back in this fight, I gotta return the favor to my hommie:One question to all the comlainers (sic) who bitch about every evasion form the novels. why watch? Im relieved that I dont know whats going to happen next and most of the changes they have made still fit and keep it moving. In most cases I think they are imrovements (sic). its an adaptation not a copy. I love the books too, dont get me wrong but the sooner I accepted this as a new telling I started liking it more and more. The best thing about the books is their unpredictability, and the show has it too.1. We do not "bitch" about every deviation from the books. I personally loved the scenes that add depth and substance to the characters- most notably in season 1 the scene between Robert and Cersei; I loved the circumvention of the Reeds (not as critical as people think) and I have stated (really until I am blue in the face) just how amazing the Tywin-Arya scenes are.  I am amazed at how incredible Maergery has become.  even the additions with LF are fine by me.  Anything that adds to the universe I enjoy.  Also, some changing of the original was done to conserve time- the conflation of the shadow baby/Stannis Shadow;But it comes with a price: a season of ten hours- no more.  For everything that is added, something must be taken away.  And I insist that the people who make those choices... chose wisely.  And do not mistake me- the vast majority of changes have been for the positive.  But that does not excuse the few that have been cringe-worthy (most notably the life-less parlay between Stannis and Renly). 2.I watch because its a great show about a great series I enjoy a great deal.  I honestly thought my 6K posts on this message board would have tipped you off to that. 3. When I watch the show, I enjoy it as a "Alternate Universe" of Westeroes/ Game of Thrones.  And as an alternate, some changes must be made.  Most changes do fit the overall mold of the show.  Most changes to not dramatically alter the landscape of the overall story.  But you must concede that some changes can still be bad changes, . If a change is poorly done; or is misguided; or slows down the pace of the story; or makes me question what the show is doing, etc, I have every right to criticize.  Take the Jon Snow scene where he spares Ygritte then chases her because he ... is going to free her later?... maybe...  but may want to bring her back to Halfhand... but Halfhand said he wanted her dead... ANYWAY... if that scene happened in the books, I would have thought it bizarre and poorly done (but because Martin is a proven writer with a dramatic track record, that rarely happens).  In other words, the fact that its a change is NOT reason enough to dislike something.  However, if its a bad change then pipping that changes can be good cannot justify it, either.  A good change would be a good; a bad one bad.  And if I take each change and judge each one on its merits (which I believe I do), then I cannot be (fairly) accused of being a "purist" or a "nitpicker."  If a scene is a bad scene it matters NOT AT ALL if its straight from the books or if its newly imagined.  Its still bad. That's why I criticized the Jon/Ygritte retelling (and because its a waste of limited time); its why I love other scenes.  Not every complaint about a change is nitpicking; not every defense of a change is somehow open-mindedness.  Each one must be evaluated on its own merits.  And nobody should b complaining about that.
406	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-07	Besides all the other obvious reasons, the actor is just too old to be Roose's son.
407	Still_Servant	2012-05-08	I refuse to let my passion for the books ruin my love for the show.
Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not totally cool with everything that is happening on the show, but I wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t totally cool with all the choices Martin made in the books.
I know some people are just hard to please and they have a hard time accepting radical changes to something they love, but I urge everybody just to enjoy Game of Thrones for what it is - good television.
As viewers, we are lucky to see something that we love be adapted for television.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a privilege to sit down every Sunday and watch this show. 
I have a question for those who love to whine about the show.  Would you rather have a world with no Game of Thrones or a world with Game of Thrones that isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t as good as the books they are based on?
I for one choose the former.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s better than anything else thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on TV at that time.  Take it from me, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m typing this while â<U+0080><U+009C>watchingâ<U+0080><U+009D> The Killing.  There are far worse shows out there.  
If you canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t separate the two then Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not really sure why you are watching the show.  Go watch The Killing or find something more entertaining/important to do with your time.  Good luck with that by the way.
Also, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m shocked at how many people disliked Ygritte in the books.  I always thought that she was great.  And for the one guy that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like Jon Snow in the books, that borderlines on blasphemy.
In the end, the show is a great way to satisfy our appetite until the next book comes out.  We are all going to miss this show when itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gone (which is hopefully years from now.)  Enjoy it while you still can.
408	Planetary	2012-05-08	I refuse to let my passion for the books ruin my love for the show.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not totally cool with everything that is happening on the show, but I wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t totally cool with all the choices Martin made in the books.I know some people are just hard to please and they have a hard time accepting radical changes to something they love, but I urge everybody just to enjoy Game of Thrones for what it is - good television.As viewers, we are lucky to see something that we love be adapted for television.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a privilege to sit down every Sunday and watch this show.I have a question for those who love to whine about the show.  Would you rather have a world with no Game of Thrones or a world with Game of Thrones that isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t as good as the books they are based on?I for one choose the former.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s better than anything else thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on TV at that time.  Take it from me, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m typing this while â<U+0080><U+009C>watchingâ<U+0080><U+009D> The Killing.  There are far worse shows out there.  If you canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t separate the two then Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not really sure why you are watching the show.  Go watch The Killing or find something more entertaining/important to do with your time.  Good luck with that by the way.Also, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m shocked at how many people disliked Ygritte in the books.  I always thought that she was great.  And for the one guy that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like Jon Snow in the books, that borderlines on blasphemy.In the end, the show is a great way to satisfy our appetite until the next book comes out.  We are all going to miss this show when itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gone (which is hopefully years from now.)  Enjoy it while you still can.Well said.You bring up an important point, which is that while the TV series is flawed, so are the books. On a forum like this, people are going to be reverential, but the books have some huge missteps and Martin ain't exactly Chekhov.Didn't Martin himself say in retrospect he would've done some of the things the TV show did? I remember something along the lines of him saying if he could go back and do it all over again, he'd make the Stark kids older, as they are in the show. There were other tweaks he admitted to as well.But as you noted, we should be grateful the show is on TV, that it's being done by HBO and not by one of the many awful cable networks, that we get an hour each episode without commercials, that the show was renewed because it's been successful, and that if all goes well, we'll be watching the show for years to come.In other words, be grateful Game of Thrones isn't Rome. And be grateful it's not on AMC, which would squeeze 25 commercials into every hour while skimping on the production budget. We have it pretty good right now.
409	Morrigan	2012-05-08	Since Morrigan clearly has my back in this fight, I gotta return the favor to my hommie:lol, thank you ser.I am quoting the rest just in a "bears repeating/quoted for truth" fashion. I don't think it will do any good nor will it stop the "wah wah you're just purists" "it's an adaptation stop bitching" nonsense, but I'm stubborn like that and hopefully it will get through to some people.1. We do not "bitch" about every deviation from the books. [...]But it comes with a price: a season of ten hours- no more.  For everything that is added, something must be taken away.  And I insist that the people who make those choices... chose wisely.  And do not mistake me- the vast majority of changes have been for the positive.  But that does not excuse the few that have been cringe-worthy [...]2.I watch because its a great show about a great series I enjoy a great deal.That's why I criticized the Jon/Ygritte retelling (and because its a waste of limited time); its why I love other scenes.  Not every complaint about a change is nitpicking; not every defense of a change is somehow open-mindedness.  Each one must be evaluated on its own merits.  And nobody should b complaining about that.Indeed. Take note, people.But you must concede that some changes can still be bad changes, . If a change is poorly done; or is misguided; or slows down the pace of the story; or makes me question what the show is doing, etc, I have every right to criticize.The way I hear read some people talk write, nope; all changes are good, because it's an adaptation. It seems people think they win any argument with this magic phrase. "It's an adaptation", "the book is a different entity than the TV series". Like that trumps any criticism whatsoever. There's no such thing as a bad change. It doesn't matter if the scene is poorly scripted, poorly acted, poorly executed, if it lacks internal consistency, if it's gratuitous, it creates plot holes or a butterfly effect, if the equivalent scene from the book was superior, if you complain, you are a purist who does not understand the concept of an adaptation, because All Changes Are Equal and Good. Sigh.
410	redriver	2012-05-08	Since Morrigan clearly has my back in this fight, I gotta return the favor to my hommie:1. We do not "bitch" about every deviation from the books. I personally loved the scenes that add depth and substance to the characters- most notably in season 1 the scene between Robert and Cersei; I loved the circumvention of the Reeds (not as critical as people think) and I have stated (really until I am blue in the face) just how amazing the Tywin-Arya scenes are.  I am amazed at how incredible Maergery has become.  even the additions with LF are fine by me.  Anything that adds to the universe I enjoy.  Also, some changing of the original was done to conserve time- the conflation of the shadow baby/Stannis Shadow;But it comes with a price: a season of ten hours- no more.  For everything that is added, something must be taken away.  And I insist that the people who make those choices... chose wisely.  And do not mistake me- the vast majority of changes have been for the positive.  But that does not excuse the few that have been cringe-worthy (most notably the life-less parlay between Stannis and Renly).2.I watch because its a great show about a great series I enjoy a great deal.  I honestly thought my 6K posts on this message board would have tipped you off to that.3. When I watch the show, I enjoy it as a "Alternate Universe" of Westeroes/ Game of Thrones.  And as an alternate, some changes must be made.  Most changes do fit the overall mold of the show.  Most changes to not dramatically alter the landscape of the overall story.  But you must concede that some changes can still be bad changes, . If a change is poorly done; or is misguided; or slows down the pace of the story; or makes me question what the show is doing, etc, I have every right to criticize.  Take the Jon Snow scene where he spares Ygritte then chases her because he ... is going to free her later?... maybe...  but may want to bring her back to Halfhand... but Halfhand said he wanted her dead... ANYWAY... if that scene happened in the books, I would have thought it bizarre and poorly done (but because Martin is a proven writer with a dramatic track record, that rarely happens).  In other words, the fact that its a change is NOT reason enough to dislike something.  However, if its a bad change then pipping that changes can be good cannot justify it, either.  A good change would be a good; a bad one bad.  And if I take each change and judge each one on its merits (which I believe I do), then I cannot be (fairly) accused of being a "purist" or a "nitpicker."  If a scene is a bad scene it matters NOT AT ALL if its straight from the books or if its newly imagined.  Its still bad.That's why I criticized the Jon/Ygritte retelling (and because its a waste of limited time); its why I love other scenes.  Not every complaint about a change is nitpicking; not every defense of a change is somehow open-mindedness.  Each one must be evaluated on its own merits.  And nobody should b complaining about that.Valid points.But I think the time to judge TV deviations from the books is at the end of the series.We have to give them time to play out.For example,the dragon theft has raised a few eyebrows round here.But I'm thinking it adds drama to a drama free passage in Dany's arc,apart from the HOTU chapter itself.Do you think the episodes improve on re-viewing?
411	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-08	How do you know? We never witnessed his war councils in ACoK. We never read about him continuously receiving humiliating news from the war. We don't know how he reacted to that.He already had the friggin' Mountain out there terrorizing the small folk,  "Setting the Riverlands on fire, from the God's Eye to the Red Fork"What more could he have done? Burning Harrenhal down? What for? No one cares about that pile of rocks. Least of all the people living there.Lord Tywin is described by others. Jamie says his father always lets his men talk first, he listens and afterwards he gives commands.I doubt lord Tywin would ever surround himself with people he can't rely on.His reaction towards Amory Lorch ... I have a really hard time believing it since Lorch is one of his birds of prey. And don't forget, in the books, when he leaves Harrenhall, Lorch is left in charge.The fact is they ruined the character of Tywin Lannister.They are trying to turn him into a villain.I did not see him like this in the books. I just saw him as a lord, doing what came natural to those like him.He sent the Mountain to burn the land because he wanted the river lords to try and defend each village and castle, instead of combining their forces and adding them to Robb's northerners.And he does care about Harrenhall. Remember his reaction when he finds out Cersei made Janos Slynt lord of Harrenhall.
412	Grumpy Midget	2012-05-08	Anyone else find Amory Loch's illiteracy somewhat far-fetched?  They turned him into Charlie from It's Always Sunny  When I was watching that scene I was half expecting someone to yell: "Goddammit Charlie, your illiteracy has screwed us again!"
413	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-08	Anyone else find Amory Loch's illiteracy somewhat far-fetched?  They turned him into Charlie from It's Always Sunny  When I was watching that scene I was half expecting someone to yell: "Goddammit Charlie, your illiteracy has screwed us again!"Agreed! Like I said before, Lord Tywin does not surround himself with idiots.
414	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	This episode was so bad, it was almost painful to watch. David and Dan claim to be huge fans of the series, then why do they want to f-ck it up so bad? So many issues that I hardly know where to begin.
The Winterfell scene, while very different from the books worked for me. It got the job done even if it might have implications for Theon in the future.
We have the scene with the riot in Kings Landing which was decent all in all but still had some bad stuff in it. Why was Myrcella crying when the books make a point about her not doing it, itÂ´s a minor change but why change it at all? And when the crowd ripped the arm of the High Septon, what the hell was that all about, I kept waiting for them to start shouting "BRAAAAAIIINS" and begin eating people. And as much as I love the Hound and the fact that he came to rescue Sansa, the added gore just makes the show feel like a really cheap horror movie.
The scenes from Harrenhall were really, really bad this week. First we have the stupid stuff about the secret message that got sent to the made-up house although it goes against the laws of geography and ravenry. Then we have friendly uncle Tywin who is pretty much father of the year in Westeros. I get that they need to give us a reason why Arya doesnÂ´t have Jaqen off Tywin, but to make him this soft and incompetent goes against everything the book made him out to be. Then we have Littlefinger who teleports around Westeros, showing up in places he never visited. I wouldnÂ´t be surprised if we find him in Mance Rayders tent or at a meeting with Dany the next season. In the books, LF is probably one of the most competent players in the game, in the show heÂ´s stupid with no style or discretion. And the scene where Arya got chased was just breathtakingly bad, I was waiting for a shot of a corridor full of doors where they would run in and out of those doors and weÂ´d hear some silly music in the background like something out of a Scooby Doo episode.
The scenes with Jon Snow were full of stupidity as well. I agree with Rockroi about how strange it is that he chases after Ygritte. WhatÂ´s also strange is that Jon runs what, 150-200 meters to catch Ygritte and all of a sudden heÂ´s completely lost in the wilderness. And Qhorin mother-effing Halfhand, super ranger, master tracker and expert survivalist canÂ´t find him. When you run in snow, you make tracks, hell, anyone could track Jon Snow and find him. And the whole Ygritte-grinding, what was that all about. They are wearing 20 layers of clothing, heÂ´s not gonna feel shit. My bet is that the producers really wanted another stupid T&A-scene but they figured that it would be too unrealistic if Ygritte stripped in -50 C, however, once they get into a cave or near a fire you can bet that those furs are gonna come off.
From one stupid scene to the next as we join up with the cast of Dawsons Creek, err, I mean Robb Stark, Lord of Winterfell and King in the North. Robbs scenes with this Talisa person, the looks, the dialogue, makes my stomach turn. Then all of a sudden Catelyn teleports back in (maybe she borrowed LFÂ´s teleporter?) and Robb simply goes "hay mum, look at this hawt chick IÂ´m drooling over" instead of perhaps saying "So, I heard that Renly Baratheon got killed by a woman while you were in his tent, and who might this enourmous woman in armor be?" And Catelyn is really weak and stupid and simply goes "There there Robby, remember that you gotta marry old Walders ugly granddaughter back at the Twins" instead of doing what any sane person would and think "Damn, look at my boy eyehumping this hot chick, I better make sure to get this girl the f-ck out of here or all kinds of shit is gonna hit the fan".
Dany, damn, I didnÂ´t think it was possible for her character to annoy me more than it does in the books but Emilia Clarke is doing her best to prove me wrong. The girl has got what, 3-5 fighting men and 3 hamster-sized dragons and sheÂ´s still going all "Fire and Blood", "Take back what was mine", gawds, go nibble some olives and chill the f-ck down. Then to screw things up a bit more, the showmakers conjure up a dragon-stealing-scene that destroys everything the books tells us about Qarth and itÂ´s people, well done!
But the episode wouldnÂ´t be complete without some T&A so the showrunners picked up the big hat and pulled a name from it. "WhoÂ´s gonna do some nudity this week?" - oh look, itÂ´s Osha. What is the point of this scene, to get more boobs on the show, to prove that all men will become utter and complete idiots as soon as there is a woman within 10 meters? And to all you people who seem to get really excited whenever there is a boob on the show, havenÂ´t you ever seen any before? Try a simple google search for "boob", "breast" or "tits" and IÂ´m sure that youÂ´ll find more boobs than you could ever imagine, and maybe if the showrunners did the same, they wouldnÂ´t need to throw more of them into the show.
IÂ´m gonna give this show until the end of this season, if shit doesnÂ´t improve and if they keep f-cking everything up, then I am done. My expectations are so low right now that nothing would surprise me. IÂ´m thankful that Jaime has been invisible this entire season because it would have been painful to watch them screw my favourite character up, although I have full confidence that they will have time for some Brienne/Jaime sex just for the sake of it.
415	HouseLark	2012-05-08	Agreed! Like I said before, Lord Tywin does not surround himself with idiots.You can't blame that one on D&D. Martin made Amory Lorch an idiot. I also don't think that Lorch is entirely illiterate as many have been saying; he's simply a poor reader or maybe even just lazy. Tywin will always have a place for useful idiots like Lorch who are willing to do unspeakable things. Even Robb has a place in his retinue for a man that he knows would flay people alive given half a chance.
416	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-08	Big YES to the taking of Winterfell, Theon's falling further from grace as he messily slaughters poor Ser Rodrik.  YES to parts of the riot, Joffrey's being his usual vicious 'kill-kill-kill' self (he looked so tiny and helpless in the Hound's grip as the big guy pulled him back to safety; it was cute, especially Sandor's looking like he wanted to just leave his charge to the mercies of the crowd), the violence to Sansa was scary but realistic, and Hooray for the Hound's saving her.  The crowds should have been larger though; and it felt like the riot took place a hundred ft. away from the doors of the Red Keep, so they could get the royals and servants back to safety quite quickly.  Another Joffrey-Slap, Yes!  Made my day.  Odd conversation between Sansa and Shae - at least the writers managed to convey Sansa's not hating the crowd, wanting to give them bread if she could.  Perhaps she and Shae will end up BFF's after all, and go picnicking with Margaery eventually. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> I love Tywin and Arya together; but why would Lord Tywin Lannister unburden himself about his son's childhood dyslexia to a serving girl, even a clever serving girl?  He's not just a distracted politician, he's Tywin, who is not egalitarian or at all interested in what servants think of him except their knowing to obey him.Talisa/Robb conversation - Ugh.  Hollywood banter, and very awkward banter too.  Personally, I think she was writing a letter about the Young Wolf's whereabouts to Lord Tywin.  Robb should listen to his mother; and the way Catelyn's mom-radar went off and expressed itself was much better done than the silly Young Love between battles thing.  The only good, or at least atmospheric thing about Talisa is that she hasn't taken her clothes off yet to fulfill the HBO nudity requirement in a canon-compliant way.  Speaking of HBO nudity requirements, I was thrilled to see yet another Roz-free episode.  Ygritte is gutsy, pretty, and more fun to watch than Talisa Maegi of Volantis or wherever - probably because GRRM wrote her (an advantage over Talisa, who GRRM did not write) and she hasn't yet started telling Jon he knows nothing.And Osha snuck the Stark boys and Hodor out of Winterfell, You Go, Girl!
417	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-08	Lorch is a monster, not an idiot. He may very well be illiterate but, if so, lord Tywin would never give him the task of sending messages.
Come on now. We are talking about Tywin Lannister, a man so diabolical and smart that he manages to take advantage of every little mistake his enemyes make.
I mean, the man even contacted and bought Robb's mother-in-law.
Okay, so maybe he didn't have to try very hard to persuade her to betray Robb, since she was his mother-in-law /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />... but still... SMART MOVE! With one message he eliminated Robb's children. With another, he eliminated Robb. And then he sent another message to the Leech Lord and won the north.
To me lord Tywins looks like a man who thinks everything through and whose plans are perfectly done.  I don't see him making mistakes. (Taking a northern girl as a cupbearer is something he would have never done. We're talking about the guy who inspired the Rains of Castamere...)
418	HouseLark	2012-05-08	The best episode of the series so far. I have no real problem with any of the book-to-screen changes, the only disappointment is the King's Landing riot which seemed small scale because of the now-familiar budgetary constraints.
The Ygritte-Jon scenes were fine and there's still space for Jon to release her in the next episode - I fully expect this to happen. I didn't even mind the grinding; it wasn't sexual in any way, Ygritte had just found a way to make Jon very uncomfortable and he didn't know how to deal with it whereas if she had done anything else to try and get to him (spit at him maybe) he would probably have been able to deal with it.
The Winterfell scenes were fantastic, very well done. I loved that Theon could not carry out a clean execution; it marked him out as something other than a Stark. Executions are a big part of the books and Theon's inability to perform a clean execution will find a counterpoint in future series when a "real" stark, Jon, takes Janos Slynt's head.
Rodrik and Bran were great in those scenes, devastating.
I have less of a problem with Lord Tywin having a softer side than most people. I thought Tywin was one-dimensional in the books and in truth, this different side to Tywin (i) isn't really that soft and (ii) is perfectly in-keeping with his character since it is all related to his family. He's proud of helping Jaime to learn to read but it quickly becomes apparent that he did so to ensure that Jaime was not in any way weak like Tywin's father. The two stories of Tywin helping Jaime learn to read and his description of his father's weakness were very much related.
I'll forgive the Arya-Amory Lorch chase as a moment of action. My only hope for that storyline is that we start to hear more about the Ghost of Harrenhal. The small folk would be superstitious and two unexplained deaths would have them whispering. There is a bit of a problem with the poison dart though - Tywin will now know that there's an assassin in the castle...
I don't have much to say on Dany's story other than that I think it should have been cut. It seems largely irrelevant and I wonder if it has been stretched because Emilia Clarke will be one of the few actors that have been contracted for 4-6 years so they need to have her do something.
A couple of stray points:
1. Do we have an idea about the passage of time between episodes? It's hard to get around the Littlefinger Teleportation issue without that. Maybe weeks passed, if so then I suppose it makes sense. But then so little time appears to have passed in Qarth and beyond The Wall between E05 and E06.
2. I'm starting o think Stannis is a problem. This episode really benefited from not having the Stannis storyline inserted anywhere. His arc is feeling pretty weak right now and I think that part of the problem is the lack of any real foreshadowing in series one. In hindsight, I wonder if they regret not at least having Stannis talked of a lot more last series.
419	HouseLark	2012-05-08	Lorch is a monster, not an idiot. He may very well be illiterate but, if so, lord Tywin would never give him the task of sending messages.Come on now. We are talking about Tywin Lannister, a man so diabolical and smart that he manages to take advantage of every little mistake his enemyes make.I'm just going on one of the few things that is said by Tywin of Amory Lorch, specifically, that he didn't have the wits that the gods gave a turnip. To be honest, sending messages isn't the most difficult of jobs; all a person has to do is carry it to the maester and tell him the name of the intended recipient. It's a job for a low-level lackey. That Tywin chose a Lord to be his gopher is actually something of an insult.
420	Rockroi	2012-05-08	I know some people are just hard to please and they have a hard time accepting radical changes to something they love, but I urge everybody just to enjoy Game of Thrones for what it is - good television.I thought I wasâ<U+0080>¦.I have a question for those who love to whine about the show. Would you rather have a world with no Game of Thrones or a world with Game of Thrones that isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t as good as the books they are based on?Are we really doing this?  Is this the argument again?  The ideas you discuss above are not mutually exclusive.  And yet if I do not agree 100% with everything on the show and if I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t llllllovvvve all the changes made then I should just get down on my little knees and kiss the ground HBO walks on because HBO worked and slaved to bring me this show- why there are children starving in Asia right now who would kill for a meal like this series!  What is wrong with me?!  See, just so you are aware, HBO is in the entertainment business, and you may not know this but entertainment and the craft of TV production are, well, subjective.  So, here in Western Civilization what we do is we have what is called â<U+0080><U+009C>criticismâ<U+0080><U+009D> and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s part of honest and pleasant discourse where people of even temperament and differing minds can debate certain points.  In other words, we are doing EXACTLY what we are all supposed to be doing.   ITâ<U+0080><U+0099>S A TV SHOW!  I paid my money to watch it (every week) and if its good I sing its praises; if its bad I criticize. Its been going on in the Western Hemisphere for 2500 years.  If you canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t separate the two then Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not really sure why you are watching the show. Go watch The Killing or find something more entertaining/important to do with your time. Good luck with that by the way.Nah, that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t sound condescending at all!  And for the one guy that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like Jon Snow in the books, that borderlines on blasphemy.I have no idea what that means; Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a man, not the Lord Our God.  There is no such thing as Blasphemy.  I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believe I had to write that.  (and if you think its only "one" guy who doesn't like Jon Snow...)You bring up an important point, which is that while the TV series is flawed, so are the books. On a forum like this, people are going to be reverential, but the books have some huge missteps and Martin ain't exactly Chekhov.Yeah, hey, you may have noticed but your comments are surrounded by this thing called an â<U+0080><U+009C>Internet Forumâ<U+0080><U+009D> where people- like, hey, look, ME -criticize the books!  And I love the books.  So, in other words the same passion and criticism we had for the books â<U+0080>¦ we have for the seriesâ<U+0080>¦ hmmmâ<U+0080>¦ so, what that says is we â<U+0080>¦ we treat the two â<U+0080>¦ the sameâ<U+0080>¦ wowâ<U+0080>¦ howâ<U+0080>¦ how novelâ<U+0080>¦Valid points. But I think the time to judge TV deviations from the books is at the end of the series.By that same logic, all changes would not be criticized nor praised, until the series was completed.  So, people would also be stopped from saying â<U+0080><U+009C>I liked thatâ<U+0080><U+009D> because, well, the series has not ended yetâ<U+0080>¦.See, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why all changes are good?  Or why they should be treated with reverence?  See, I disliked the Jon/Ygritte scene not because it was a change but because it was not well thought out and not very smart (or at least I am very much afraid of those things).  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not blasphemyâ<U+0080><U+009D>; thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>being able to see and think critically.â<U+0080><U+009D>  I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why I cannot treat AGoT like I do Mad Men or other very good TV shows- with honesty and respect and not blind devotion.
421	Silmarien	2012-05-08	I'm guessing Tywin is onto Arya as well.  "A stonemason who could read, eh?"  That was a huge "YEAH RIGHT!" moment.  Baelish also recognized her.
TBH Dany's story in ACoK needs this extra suspense because she just kinda wandered around asking for help then came up to the warlocks and said "Ok I"ll try LSD with you guys" in the books.  Very contrived.  So I love this change.
LOVED THE JOFFREY SLAP.  Hell yeah Tyrion.
I am not a purist - I love the changes, as I like being surprised by how they are telling the story.  I have the books if I want to reread them.   This is an adaptation - if they filmed it off the page it would be BORING AS HELL BECAUSE I ALREADY HAVE READ IT!
IMHO.
Btw, "Lady Talissa" seems to have been in Robb's camp for some time, so it's not weird that he suspects she is highborn and a Lady.
And I'm pretty sure Tywin is onto Arya, and what better place to keep an eye on her than to keep her as his cupbearer?
422	Zod	2012-05-08	So, the letter Talisa was writing, was she actually sarcastic when she said she was a spy?
She may have told the truth jokingly, so that no one would be suspicious of her.
"The Young Wolf is on the move.."
Was that what she really wrote?
423	Zod	2012-05-08	One issue I have is that the writers are using modern phrases too often.  When someone says, "he disrespected me", or Tywin says, "give us the room", it jars me out of the story.By the way, is the word "grammar" a relatively modern word?Daenerys said that word when she was corrected.I have no problem with the stolen eggs, I'm just bitching about Irri dying.You mean the dragons?By the way, what was on that sheet of paper Arya took from Tywin's table?Was it a letter directed from Littlefinger to Arya or something? I mean, Arya was pretty determined to take it.
					
					
							Edited by Zod, 08 May 2012 - 04:30 AM.
424	pykmi	2012-05-08	I can get past the fact that BLACK Lorren is blonde. But why do they have to mess with lord Tywin?He's a masterpiece of a character. George R. R. Martin constructed him perfectly, a hard, family man, always wanting to win, not wanting to make any compromises. From the books I only know lord Tywin to lose his cool once - "They have my son!".And now I see him looking like a combination between a spolied brat and an old woman, always shouting and humiliating people.Lord Tywin does not humiliate you. He destroys you!He's a powerful man, not an every-day villain. Please don't ruin him! Don't turn him into a Joker-like villain!Villain? The man who just a few episodes ago saved Arya and the rest of the prisoners from torture? Only times we have seen Tywin shout have been when those serving him have done something stupid (kill prisoners who should be put to work or accidentally send letters to the enemy). Being a demanding leader doesn't make him a villain, it makes it possible for him to have risen to power and raise his wealth. And if "ruining" Tywin means having him make Arya his cupbearer in the show, I really wish they'll start "ruining" more characters. The new dynamic and banter between Tywin and Arya has been one of the best parts of the whole series, and it's not even from the books. And the way Tywin talked about Jamie and his father to Arya gave us wonderful insight to him and his relationship to Jamie.
425	Roose Seal	2012-05-08	I love when people say Tywin was not a villain in the books.
Tywin :
-the guy who forced his 13 y/o son to watch his wife getting gang-raped and then forced him to participate
-the guy who employs people such as the Mountain, Amory Lorch, the Bloody mummers and sets them loose on innocent smallfolk
-the guy who wiped out an entire house just because they dissed him...
-need I go on ? 
Really, not a villain.
426	The Last Dragon	2012-05-08	Just wondering, I've read it a time ago in one of the episode discussion threads, are there really people on this board who don't watch GoT anymore because Ghost isn't silent?
427	PrinceRhaegar	2012-05-08	Another great episode. I loved all the scenes; sets & locations still great and actors nailed their parts. I also liked the changes, even if they are radical. 10+ from me.
					
					
							Edited by PrinceRhaegar, 08 May 2012 - 04:57 AM.
428	White Raven	2012-05-08	Just wondering, I've read it a time ago in one of the episode discussion threads, are there really people on this board who don't watch GoT anymore because Ghost isn't silent?CGI Ghost is pretty silent in this season so far, so these people could watch the show again! Or maybe not, their heads would explode if they thought "Ghost isn't silent" is a major change from the books.
429	boojam	2012-05-08	Well seems Irri is dead.That more of a surprise to me than Ned.Well it's not in the books.Article here:http://www.mtv.com/n...a-acharia.jhtmlI guess does not make much difference she sort of picks up a 'scribe-handmaiden' of sorts later.This one does not have a butterfly effect, but it's one of those continuity breaks from the books that seemed kind of uncalled for.
430	legba11	2012-05-08	Nerd-Rage represents 11.7% of the forum traffic on the internetz, second only to fake statistics.  It makes for some fun reading.
Tywin does NOT know who Arya is, she is still given free reign of Harrenhal.  He knows she is highborn, and likely did from the moment she spoke to him.  LF clearly does, it is clear the moment he realizes it, and then he spends the next few seconds weeding out the information that Tywin does not know it.  Why do you think he forced in that Catelyn's daughters comment that closed the scene?
Also Tywin is a villain, no question.  He is THE villain for CoK and SoS.  In the show, Joffery has taken some of that role from him.  However, that doesn't mean he is jerk to every person around him.  He likes Arya for whatever reason, she is smart, she has courage and she is a survivor.  These are all qualities he admires (and often feels his own children lack in one form or another).  He is clearly someone who does not like the company of his commanders, and it is very reasonable to take to this meaningless little girl who is around him now.  In any work with a shred of depth, the villains don't walk around kicking kittens every where they go.  It amazes me how black and white some people see the world. (of fiction)
Dagmer = Ramsey might be the most far-fetched theories these boards have created.  And that is saying something.  There more evidence that Craster is actually Aegon in disguise.
431	Storm of Words	2012-05-08	I love when people say Tywin was not a villain in the books.Tywin :-the guy who forced his 13 y/o son to watch his wife getting gang-raped and then forced him to participate-the guy who employs people such as the Mountain, Amory Lorch, the Bloody mummers and sets them loose on innocent smallfolk-the guy who wiped out an entire house just because they dissed him...-need I go on ?Really, not a villain.When I read the books I found Tywin really vicious too. I found it very plausible that Tyrion killed him after how he was treated by his father and the rest of the family.The Series-Tywin is not how I imagined him from reading. Well they really seem to put all Lannister-Evil-Stuff on Joffrey. I really hope they won't continue to make Cersei and Tywin that more likeable all the time. Cersei must go batshit crazy! ;-)
432	PrinceRhaegar	2012-05-08	Well seems Irri is dead.That more of a surprise to me than Ned.Well it's not in the books.Article here:http://www.mtv.com/n...a-acharia.jhtmlI guess does not make much difference she sort of picks up a 'scribe-handmaiden' of sorts later.This one does not have a butterfly effect, but it's one of those continuity breaks from the books that seemed kind of uncalled for.Thanks for posting that, I thought she isnt that coz she wasn't buchered. I am sad to see her go, I hope that her death will be meaningful, not random like Doreah in the book.
433	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-08	This episode was good; definitely not as bad as some people think it is.Harrenhal: I don't get the whole ruckus with a peasant being able to read. It isn't that unbeliavable, I'm pretty sure that in medieval ages many servants learn reading (which is easier to learn than writing) from their lords, merchant bosses etc. How would Tywin suddenly realise the girl is a highborn and actually Arya? She is supposed to be VIP prisoner heavily guarded at King's Landing. Her escape would have been a major incident, one that he would have been informed for. Cercei is the reason Tywin does not realize the girl is Arya, not D&D.King's Landing: Loved the whole riot scene. Peter Drinklage nailed it again but no one mentioned how great Jack Gleeson portrayed a mad Joffrey's emotion full of rage and humiliation with that psychotic face. The Hound rules.Beyond the Wall: I really liked Ygritte. She is even better than how I have pictured her on my mind when I was still reading ACoK. The "hunt" scene, where Jon catches her, and they have to spend a night together foreshadows the bond they are going to have later in a very good manner. In the next episode, I assume that Jon will see Qhuorin closing by and he will let her leave. Finally, Jon's story is getting interesting.Winterfell: I don't know if the directors wanted to surprise the viewers but I think that the whole capture of the castle was a bit sudden. I liked Alfi's acting, he portrayed Theon perfectly, especially in sir Rodric's execution. Good to see  Summer and Shaggy dog and Asha is hot as hell. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Rest: Capturing the dragons save the producers from having Drogon in Dany's side while she is walking inside THotU. Yeah, I'm on the optimistic side and I still believe we will see her having the visions in there. Finally, I hope that Jeyne's name is indeed Jayne and not Talissa.One issue I have is that the writers are using modern phrases too often.  When someone says, "he disrespected me", or Tywin says, "give us the room", it jars me out of the story.And there are dragons too. There weren't dragons in the Medieval age /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
434	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-05-08	And if "ruining" Tywin means having him make Arya his cupbearer in the show, I really wish they'll start "ruining" more characters. The new dynamic and banter between Tywin and Arya has been one of the best parts of the whole series, and it's not even from the books. And the way Tywin talked about Jamie and his father to Arya gave us wonderful insight to him and his relationship to Jamie.Yes, cause lord Tywin Lannister always enjoys a good chat with his sevants. That's totally him!
435	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	Well seems Irri is dead.That more of a surprise to me than Ned.Well it's not in the books.Article here:http://www.mtv.com/n...a-acharia.jhtmlI guess does not make much difference she sort of picks up a 'scribe-handmaiden' of sorts later.This one does not have a butterfly effect, but it's one of those continuity breaks from the books that seemed kind of uncalled for.Well I am disappoint. I don't see why they had to kill Irri to introduce a new character. I thought Amrita Acharia did a great job in season 1. And now her death wasn't even the focus of the scene because Daenerys only seemed concerned about her dragons. If they don't get rid of Doreah (Roxanne McKee) too I'm going to be side-eyeing them quite a lot though. Doreah died in Clash, Jhiqui and Irri were still present in Dance. But now Irri is dead and Jhiqui is a no-show. The pretty white girl survives beyond her original storyline while the two brown girls get an early disappearance ? I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt though. I'll wait and see what they do next.
436	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	Well I am disappoint. I don't see why they had to kill Irri to introduce a new character. I thought Amrita Acharia did a great job in season 1. And now her death wasn't even the focus of the scene because Daenerys only seemed concerned about her dragons.If they don't get rid of Doreah (Roxanne McKee) too I'm going to be side-eyeing them quite a lot though. Doreah died in Clash, Jhiqui and Irri were still present in Dance. But now Irri is dead and Jhiqui is a no-show. The pretty white girl survives beyond her original storyline while the two brown girls get an early disappearance ? I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt though. I'll wait and see what they do next.I donÂ´t know if thereÂ´s a racial aspect to the decision, IÂ´m more inclined to believe that Doreah was the only one who agreed to do nude-scenesAnd I really agree with you about the actress doing a great job, I especially liked the scene where she yells at Jorah and Rakharo
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 08 May 2012 - 06:24 AM.
437	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-08	Why is Jon chasing Ygritte?  I know people here loved that scene (and that's fine you may have better, more refined tastes than me), but we are now 13 pages and 250+ posts and nobody has been able to adequately explain to me why he is chasing her.  Jon decided not to kill her, we get that, and as she runs, he chases her?  Why?  Did she drop her hand-bag?  Why is he chasing after the prisoner he just let free?  Its not that its nonsensical (and don't get me wrong it makes absolutely no sense)Okay, seriously, why is he chasing her? (and one final note: I think this may be one gigantic circumnavigation around Jon's orders to betray the Watch and stay with the wildings and make it so Half-hand actually THINKS Jon has gone over to the wildings.  This may end up with Jon REALLY fighting Halfhand and REALLY being taken in by the wildings.  If that is the case... then I think ... then I think it goes from being "Nitpicking" to "Oh, this is just bad.")Well, Jon and Ygritte will become an item. That's the main thing to keep in mind. All the objections you have are valid to some extent, but I think the main reasoning of D&D is to give them some time together. Just the two of them. That's how viewers can begin to understand their developing romantic relationship. It may be cheesy and contrived but I understand it from a storytelling perspective.Btw, your remark in parentheses is very speculative and an example of how GoT is held up to impossible standards. Let it play out before you start to judge it based on unwarranted assumptions. I'm pretty sure Jon will still become a reluctant spy (which he also is in the books. Remember, he's the one letting wildlings past the wall to the dismay of te rest ofthe watch)
438	boojam	2012-05-08	Well I am disappoint. I don't see why they had to kill Irri to introduce a new character. I thought Amrita Acharia did a great job in season 1. And now her death wasn't even the focus of the scene because Daenerys only seemed concerned about her dragons. If they don't get rid of Doreah (Roxanne McKee) too I'm going to be side-eyeing them quite a lot though. Doreah died in Clash, Jhiqui and Irri were still present in Dance. But now Irri is dead and Jhiqui is a no-show. The pretty white girl survives beyond her original storyline while the two brown girls get an early disappearance ? I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt though. I'll wait and see what they do next.D&D have played games with all the hand maidens , as I remember Jhiqui did appear one episode, season one, then disappeared, or I think they say combined with Doreah? Now Irri , payroll getting that tight?Yeah Doreah was supposed to die in the Red Wastes, well that was Rakharo , but that was because Elyes Gabel got a better contract deal, I heard. Have not heard that about Amrita Acharia.Just a side note, supposedly some or few Khalasar warriors were killed in that scene? Or was it just one, I though in a place like Qarth that could not happen? Anyway she had so few seems a shame to lose any.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 May 2012 - 06:34 AM.
439	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	Tywin knows Arya is highborn, but doesn't know she's Stark.  Arya's been very poor at playing lowborn scum in the show.  There's no way a stonemason's daughter knows how to read at her age, especially not script that illuminated manuscripts would have on them.  There's also no way that a stonemason brings his daughter south with him en route to war.  I still think Williams is nailing the role, I think she's playing it just the way it should be played.
Joffrey was, again, a tremendous piece of feces.
Sansa in the book was learning by this time.  Sansa in the show is still in Fairy Tale Land.
Jon doesn't know how to tie someone up.  Ygritte still had a lot of freedom of movement for her hands.  If they wake up like nothing happened, I'll be a bit disappointed.  Maybe he wouldn't be able to fall fully asleep, but she's a warrior and has loose ropes already around her hands, with plenty of slack to wrap around his neck or to grab a weapon.
Rodrick was perfect...right to the bitter end.  And Theon was exactly how I pictured him - unsure and cocky, wrapped in petulance and dreams of glory.
Changes are okay of course, and I'm not trying to complain, but I missed the part of the scene where Cersei actually takes Tyrion's side in the keep, after they get out of the riot.
Is Dany starting to realize that she's the Beggar Queen, to her brother's Beggar King?  Is it possible they're setting up to keep her away from the Slave Cities boondoggle?
440	Ser Gabriel	2012-05-08	I loved this episode. The scene with Arya telling Jagen to kill Amory Lorch was pure gold, especially with how he went on with it. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
By the way, am I the only one who thinks that Jon Snow (in the tv show) should not be given a sword ever again? The way he was "sharpening" Longclaw back at Craster's Keep made me cringe. And now hitting it to rock and flailing around with it while running... I know valyrian steel can take a lot, but damn, please have some mercy. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
441	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	By the way, am I the only one who thinks that Jon Snow (in the tv show) should not be given a sword ever again? The way he was "sharpening" Longclaw back at Craster's Keep made me cringe. And now hitting it to rock and flailing around with it while running... I know valyrian steel can take a lot, but damn, please have some mercy. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />I was thinking the same thing.  He hacked the rock and I found myself thinking "That's okay, it's Power-wrought, so it doesn't need shar...wait, wrong series.  Wtf are you doing Jon, you're ruining your blade!"
442	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	By the way, what was on that sheet of paper Arya took from Tywin's table?Was it a letter directed from Littlefinger to Arya or something? I mean, Arya was pretty determined to take it.I am sure the letter Talisa/Jeyne was writing and the letter on Tywin's table are linked.  She is the spy in the camp and is communicating with Tywin.  Seemed quite obvious to me.  Don't know what anyone else thought?
443	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	I am sure the letter Talisa/Jeyne was writing and the letter on Tywin's table are linked.  She is the spy in the camp and is communicating with Tywin.  Seemed quite obvious to me.  Don't know what anyone else thought?I don't think Arya grabbed a real piece of correspondence.  Tywin knows she can read, knows she's northern, and knows she's highborn.  He wouldn't leave actual messages of import lying around in front of her, even if she claims her imaginary father died of loyalty and that all men can die.
444	khaleesiStormborn	2012-05-08	Absolutely loved loved loved this episode!!! I watched it 3 times in a row, and I think the changes they make are OK, it keeps me not knowing exactly what is going to happen next and they always seem to bounce right back to the book after a little change so thats ok by me.
My favorite part was the look that Jaquen gives Arya after she says NOw, IT Has To be Now! He just looks at her like an annoying little sister but u knw that he will listen to her and get it done!!!
Like so many others have said, the Sansa and Shae friendship is not sitting well with me. In the books Sansa NEVER trusted a hansmaid, so how does she knw that Shae is not one of the wrong people.
Tyrion and the Hound were GREAT! As was all the KIngs Landing scenes.
But the best part was of course Winterfell. And I do feel more sorry for Theon than in the books. And Rodricks last line about Theon now being truly lost was epic!!! Oh and the guy playing Dagmer has an awesome scary voice. Cant wait till next week, but i hate how this series seasons are only 10 episodes long /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
445	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	I donÂ´t know if thereÂ´s a racial aspect to the decision, IÂ´m more inclined to believe that Doreah was the only one who agreed to do nude-scenesAnd I really agree with you about the actress doing a great job, I especially liked the scene where she yells at Jorah and RakharoThat's a possible reason, though I'm not sure how essential it would have been to see Irri naked. But I'm actually surprised at how nude-free Dany's been this season. During the first one she spent a lot of time naked or in semi-transparent dresses and she's remained completely clothed so far this season while she spent the whole book with one breast out (HBO actually *removing* unnecessary nudity shock of shocks). In any case I don't actually think they consciously decided to get rid of all POC - ETA : People Of Colour (Xaro is now black after all), but it's still an unfortunate decision if they do keep Doreah while writing off Irri and Jhiqui.That scene was especially impressive since she was speaking in a made-up language. And since she's actually Norwegian there's even a chance that she was actually acting in 2 languages that weren't her first. If so double kudos.D&D have played games with all the hand maidens , as I remember Jhiqui did appear one episode, season one, then disappeared, or I think they say combined with Doreah? Now Irri , payroll getting that tight?Yeah Doreah was supposed to die in the Red Wastes, well that was Rakharo , but that was because Elyes Gabel got a better contract deal, I heard. Have not heard that about Amrita Acharia.Just a side note, supposedly some or few Khalasar warriors were killed in that scene? Or was it just one, I though in a place like Qarth that could not happen? Anyway she had so few seems a shame to lose any.I think it'd be weird if they've combined Jhiqui and Doreah considering that they shared one scene.I'm just sad that they're voluntarily getting rid of Amrita (unlike Elyes who just found a better role). Dany's chapters are pretty void of any well-developed side-charaters in the books after AGoT (only Jorah and later Barristan, but Jorah left in Storm and Barristan's role until Dance is basically to be an info-dump on the Targs and the Rebellion), and I felt the show had managed to improve a lot on that front. But now all that is pretty much wasted because all those good secondary characters are dead (Viserys, Drogo, MMD, Rakharo, Irri). At least it seems like they want to give Rakharo's replacement (Kovarro ?) the same attention.
					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 08 May 2012 - 10:06 AM.
446	HouseLark	2012-05-08	I don't think Arya grabbed a real piece of correspondence.  Tywin knows she can read, knows she's northern, and knows she's highborn.  He wouldn't leave actual messages of import lying around in front of her, even if she claims her imaginary father died of loyalty and that all men can die.The letters may be linked but I can't believe that Talisa was writing her spy reports in plain sight as some have suggested. She was sat in the middle of the camp and making no effort to be secretive. Any nosey parker peering over her shoulder might spot a word or phrase that gave the game away.I think reading, writing and messages were just one (I'm bundling them here) of the motifs used in this episode so you see examples all over.I was much more intrigued by the suprisingly high quality of the paper/vellum that everyone had access to.
447	boojam	2012-05-08	Who are the new Dothraki warrior?Or is he new?In The Ghost of Harrenhal we see two guys , now one of them a bloodrider, I think, arguing on how to steal a golden peacock. Jorah calls them both by name, and then Dany's tells em how to be guests.Then the guy shows up , very briefly, in The Old Gods and the New running across the courtyard. He has kind of trimmed beard.
448	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	Who are the new Dothraki warrior?Or is he new?In The Ghost of Harrenhal we see two guys , now one of them a bloodrider, I think, arguing on how to steal a golden peacock. Jorah calls them both by name, and then Dany's tells em how to be guests.Then the guy shows up , very briefly, in The Old Gods and the New running across the courtyard. He has kind of trimmed beard.The young guy is Kovarro, one of Danys bloodriders, they changed his name for some reason. The old guy is probably some random extra
449	shadow of death	2012-05-08	Does anyone know if the hound has any connection with the Starks, Possibly Eddard when they were younger?  I just seemed when he told Tyrion that he didn't do it for him(save sansa).  In the books he also seems to actually like Arya even though he is pretty gruff with her.
450	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	Does anyone know if the hound has any connection with the Starks, Possibly Eddard when they were younger?  I just seemed when he told Tyrion that he didn't do it for him(save sansa).  In the books he also seems to actually like Arya even though he is pretty gruff with her.I am not aware of any connection between the Hound and the Starks and the Wiki doesnÂ´t list anything
451	Dirty Steve	2012-05-08	I actually thought this episode was the best this season so far. I really liked bran and Theon's scene. It reignited the feelings I had towards Theon in the book. I hate that scumbag. By the time I got to the end of dragons I almost actually felt bad for him. But not quite. He is the total piece of trash I thought he was and deserved everything he gets. I loved the hound and Sansa interaction. Brilliantly done. I do not like that they made shae her handmaid. I also have a huge problem with how they r portraying Sansa. In the book she was naive but not so much that she would ever divulge her true feelings to any of her servants. She was slick enough to know that there were spies everywhere. I also think they are making tywin seem too like able and I do not think this is a good thing. I believe they are straying too far from the story in some cases. Fornmei think it is imoportant to stick to story because it is important for the development of the charecters. I understand they need to fit a lot in to just 10 episodes which in itself is ludicrous. Dany's story has been boring so far as it was in the book. But theybr changing that the most. If they are making changes to her story I wish they would make it less boring. I didn't like the Khalisar diminishing so much. I think they should have got another actor to play rhakaro instead of killing him. I wish no more Ros and les killing of of actual charecters no matter how small. I felt the blood of her blood was important, but what the hell do I know. All in all I enjoyed this weeks episode but just have problems with some stuff
452	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	Does anyone know if the hound has any connection with the Starks, Possibly Eddard when they were younger?  I just seemed when he told Tyrion that he didn't do it for him(save sansa).  In the books he also seems to actually like Arya even though he is pretty gruff with her.The Hound just doesn't like Tyrion (as mentioned in the first episode of this season), which is why he tells him off at the end of the riot. It's very unlikely that he has any prior connections to the Starks, being from the Westerlands.
453	boojam	2012-05-08	The young guy is Kovarro, one of Danys bloodriders, they changed his name for some reason. The old guy is probably some random extraTrue he does not seem to have a speaking role, tho he has been in two episodes so far.Anyway, to the very end of ADwD Dany still has the remnant of her Kalasar , tho lord knows were most of them are?She only talks to the boodriders and her hand maidens.Seems I remember when they take the three ships to Astapor George mentions there are between  70 and 100. (Tho on the show looks smaller than that.) Seems like we even know the names of some of the 'extras'. Well they are window dressing , but I it's the kind of story continuity that I like as a dramatic narrative.By the by without horses and the three blood riders  DRACRYS is going seem diminished.Anyway,
454	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	By the way, is the word "grammar" a relatively modern word?Indeed it is!  Old English never had it. Grammar didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t appear in the written record until around 1320, which by then of course is considered Middle English, not Old English at all. Here is its story from the OED:Etymology: < Old French gramaire (French grammaire), an irregular semipopular adoption (for the form of which compare Old French mire repr. Latin medicum, artimaire repr. Latin artem magicam or mathematicam) of Latin grammatica, < Greek Î3IÎ±Î1Î1Î±I<U+0084>Î1ÎoÎ® (scil. I<U+0084>Î­I<U+0087>Î1Î· art), feminine of Î3IÎ±Î1Î1Î±I<U+0084>Î1ÎoI<U+008C>I<U+0082> adj., of or pertaining to letters or literature, < Î3IÎ¬Î1Î1Î±I<U+0084>Î± letters, literature, plural of Î3IÎ¬Î1Î1Î± letter, written mark, < root of Î3IÎ¬I<U+0095>ÎµÎ1Î1 to write. Compare ProvenA§al gramaira (probably from French). Old French had also a learned adoption of the Latin word, gramatique, parallel with Spanish gramA!tica, Portuguese gramatica, Italian grammatica, German grammatik, Welsh gramadeg.In classical Greek and Latin the word denoted the methodical study of literature (= â<U+0080>philologyâ<U+0080><U+0099> in the widest modern sense, including textual and A¦sthetic criticism, investigation of literary history and antiquities, explanation of allusions, etc., besides the study of the Greek and Latin languages. Post-classically, grammatica came to be restricted to the linguistic portion of this discipline, and eventually to â<U+0080>grammarâ<U+0080><U+0099> in the mod. sense. In the Middle Ages, grammatica and its Romance forms chiefly meant the knowledge or study of Latin, and were hence often used as synonymous with learning in general, the knowledge peculiar to the learned class. As this was popularly supposed to include magic and astrology, the Old French gramaire was sometimes used as a name for these occult sciences. In these applications it still survives in certain corrupt forms, French grimoire, English glamour n., gramarye n.By the way, you may also find it interesting that our word glamour derives from the same source.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 08 May 2012 - 09:55 AM.
455	shadow of death	2012-05-08	I am not aware of any connection between the Hound and the Starks and the Wiki doesnÂ´t list anythingI have never been able to find anything either but have always wondered.  He definitly doesn't like the Lannisters that much.
456	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	In any case I don't actually think they consciously decided to get rid of all POC (Xaro is now black after all), but it's still an unfortunate decision if they do keep Doreah while writing off Irri and Jhiqui.What is a â<U+0080><U+009C>POCâ<U+0080><U+009D>, and why in the world didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t you just write that?
457	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	What is a â<U+0080><U+009C>POCâ<U+0080><U+009D>, and why in the world didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t you just write that?People/Person of colour. And probably because I write it so often as "POC" that I don't think about it anymore.
458	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2012-05-08	According to ancient astronaut theorists, Littlefinger must be an extraterrestrial who can make Einstein-Rosen bridges to travel Westeros.At least if LF is travelling, we don't have to see him in the brothelClearly, LF is the Doctor, and the brothel is the TARDIS.
459	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	People/Person of colour. And probably because I write it so often as "POC" that I don't think about it anymore.Is a colored person like black, or brown, or yellow, or pink, or like what? This seems like a weaselly euphemism for something, but I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t pin it down.  Are you trying to avoid saying a dirty word of some sort?
460	Perogo	2012-05-08	Considering how much people on this board FREAKED THE F OUT when they thought Ramsay was cut, has anyone considered that some of the plot changes might be motivated to throw off people familiar with the books and keep them on edge?
I don't know if they'd do much of that intentionally, but I bet it's on their mind.
461	redriver	2012-05-08	Tywin knows Arya is highborn, but doesn't know she's Stark.  Arya's been very poor at playing lowborn scum in the show.  There's no way a stonemason's daughter knows how to read at her age, especially not script that illuminated manuscripts would have on them.  There's also no way that a stonemason brings his daughter south with him en route to war.  I still think Williams is nailing the role, I think she's playing it just the way it should be played.Joffrey was, again, a tremendous piece of feces.Sansa in the book was learning by this time.  Sansa in the show is still in Fairy Tale Land.Jon doesn't know how to tie someone up.  Ygritte still had a lot of freedom of movement for her hands.  If they wake up like nothing happened, I'll be a bit disappointed.  Maybe he wouldn't be able to fall fully asleep, but she's a warrior and has loose ropes already around her hands, with plenty of slack to wrap around his neck or to grab a weapon.Rodrick was perfect...right to the bitter end.  And Theon was exactly how I pictured him - unsure and cocky, wrapped in petulance and dreams of glory.Changes are okay of course, and I'm not trying to complain, but I missed the part of the scene where Cersei actually takes Tyrion's side in the keep, after they get out of the riot.Is Dany starting to realize that she's the Beggar Queen, to her brother's Beggar King?  Is it possible they're setting up to keep her away from the Slave Cities boondoggle?About stonemasons.These are the guys who write inscriptions in stone.In our world they've been doing it since the Sumerian civilization.They were deemed to be highly skilled and,of necessity,literate.They formed a guild called the Stonemasons which still survives today,known as the Masons.It's not improbable that they passed their knowledge on to their children either here or in Westeros.So,cleverly played by Arya.
462	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	Is a colored person like black, or brown, or yellow, or pink, or like what? This seems like a weaselly euphemism for something, but I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t pin it down.  Are you trying to avoid saying a dirty word of some sort?"POC", aka Person of Colour or People of Colour is used to describe all people who are not white, without having to define them by their non-whiteness the way the term "non-white" does. I'm not using it in an effort to be politically correct, or because I'm afraid to call black people black, brown people brown or white people white. I'm using it because it's shorter than writing "people of all ethnicities that are not Caucasian" and because it's widely used by "people of colour", like me, themselves.Honestly I think you're taking your hate of acronyms a bit too far there. You - correctly - pointed out that my use of "POC" could confuse a lot of people who are not familiar with the term, so I answered you what it meant and edited my post as well for potential future readers. That should have been the end of it no ?
463	birdsong66	2012-05-08	Dany announcing what she and her dragons will do in every episode is becoming very much like Robb's camp announcing that he's KOTN.  Really just comical to me.
And are we really expected to believe that Robb would not question his mother about Renly's death, or notice the 6'3" woman she's picked up on her way back? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  Really, because that just seriously pushes the envelope of credulity in my estimation.  I don't care how infatuated you are with Volantine Medicine Woman, a six foot three woman wearing battle armor following your mother around would still be hard to miss.
Or, perhaps I'm just preternaturally perceptive.  LOL.
464	Sidonie	2012-05-08	The Bad:Alas, there was no "Brotherfucker!". I really wanted that included, but oh well, at least Joff gets the shit thrown in his face.Now, this was an egregious oversight. Maybe they thought it would be too funny, though, so they took it out.
465	Spud9	2012-05-08	First post after some time lurking. Hello everyone.
I think the cowled person with the dragons at the end is Ser Barristan. Maybe he arrived just in time to foil a plot to steal the dragons.
I'm worried about the introduction of the note Arya took. It adds an imperative for Arya to get out of Harrenhal quickly so she can warn Rob. Her last 'death wish' might involve Jaquen's assistance in escaping from Harrenhal. This would likely mean no Weasel Soup.
466	arrowsmith	2012-05-08	I enjoyed the episode
winterfell was great moved right along
I was a bit annoyed that Rodrick just happened to be waiting stage right with some blood on his head and no other captured troops with him, he took the whole garrison to fight Theon, who was already attacking Winterfell? huh? Did the whole garrison die?
but gruesome execution and good acting all around
I'm not to worried about the "teleporting"
both catelyn and littlefinger arrive in the midlands from storm's end around the same time, I'm guessing this is about two weeks later from the previous episode ...
the scenes above the wall look amazing Iceland is breathtaking, and the wildlings dressed like Inuit, very nice touches, for those saying the north cant support 100,000 wildlings, iceland itself have a population of 300,000... the chase scene was kind of silly it reminded me of princess bride, sliding down the hill, as you wish...
the riot scene was good except for the arm getting pulled off, this isnt walking dead!
rape scene looked scary, hound disembowling folks was well done, btw those claiming this was too gory, clearly you've never been to a meat packing plant or realize just how brutal the middle ages or warfare in general really is, its a messy dirty awful business.
Robb's scene was really forced with the Talisa girl
and Shae is still thee most boring cast member of the series...
I dont mind the nudity, at least HBO aknowledges the human body's existence unlike the rest of the TV world. At least they dont dance around the fact that people actually have sex, the watered down sitcoms on network tv with double entendres and middle school antics is alot more bizarre in my adult opionion.
I dont mind the dragons being stolen, it was a nice twist for all of us book readers, it will break up Dany's spoilt whining and let her actually develop her character some more
the tower at the end is also in the opening credits in Qarth the black tower on the edge of the city, House of Undying!
					
					
							Edited by arrowsmith, 08 May 2012 - 10:45 AM.
467	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	This series becoming like the Sopranos with main, secondary and tertiary characters getting whacked every week
468	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2012-05-08	The Tywin and Arya Show: Dance-is-with-wolves?
469	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	Dany announcing what she and her dragons will do in every episode is becoming very much like Robb's camp announcing that he's KOTN.  Really just comical to me.And are we really expected to believe that Robb would not question his mother about Renly's death, or notice the 6'3" woman she's picked up on her way back? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  Really, because that just seriously pushes the envelope of credulity in my estimation.  I don't care how infatuated you are with Volantine Medicine Woman, a six foot three woman wearing battle armor following your mother around would still be hard to miss.Or, perhaps I'm just preternaturally perceptive.  LOL.Nope, I think those are valid - especially considering they are still considered potential assassins of Renly.Now, this was an egregious oversight. Maybe they thought it would be too funny, though, so they took it out.I thought I did hear it in the background of the yelling, could be wrong though.Dance-is-with-wolves?Oh well played!
470	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	"POC", aka Person of Colour or People of Colour is used to describe all people who are not white, without having to define them by their non-whiteness the way the term "non-white" does. I'm not using it in an effort to be politically correct, or because I'm afraid to call black people black, brown people brown or white people white. I'm using it because it's shorter than writing "people of all ethnicities that are not Caucasian" and because it's widely used by "people of colour", like me, themselves.Now youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re talking ethnicity, which is orthogonal to color.  Why say color when you mean ethnicity? That just confuses people.Plus I know people who are dark as can be but are certainly Caucasians: check out the Aryans in India, who are blacker than most of these fabled persons of color you refer to.I know, I know: you would sentence me to ten weeks hard labor at a sensitivity-reorientation camp. No thanks.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all silly, made-up stuff anyway.
471	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-05-08	Worst episode in the series.  Wow.
472	FantA´me	2012-05-08	Now youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re talking ethnicity, which is orthogonal to color.  Why say color when you mean ethnicity? That just confuses people.Plus I know people who are dark as can be but are certainly Caucasians: check out the Aryans in India, who are blacker than most of these fabled persons of color you refer to.I know, I know: you would sentence me to ten weeks hard labor at a sensitivity-reorientation camp. No thanks.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all silly, made-up stuff anyway.It's just a usual manner of speaking. It's frequent to mix skin colors and ethnicities for the sake of simplicity.I think most of us understood what she meant. Don't understand why you're getting so worked up about it, especially since she explained it.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 08 May 2012 - 11:52 AM.
473	Ser Pink of Floyd	2012-05-08	This series starting to be hit & miss with me, with stuff in each episode. I enjoy lots of thing, but get annoyed with others.
On this whole, this is a good week, the Kings Landing scenes were very good and when the Hound rescued Sansa was awesome. Tyrion smacking Joff was excellent. But the 2 main gripes I have is the changes, which wouldnt be so bad if they wasnt so extreme.
This whole Robb romance thing would have been easy to do, the next time he sees this bird (Jeyne Westerling?) is when she's treating his wounds in her old mans keep after Robbs taken it. That explains the romance, and keeps it relevent to the books for when she next appears infront of Cat as Robbs new wife.
The other part, and its a good/bad is still Harrenhal. I actually enjoy Tywin in this, the actor plays him down to a T. But at the same time, I keep reminding myself he shouldnt be there, Maybe next week some of the Northeners (and Roose?) will arrive in chains allowing for Arya to free them with her last kill moving the story back in sync with the books...
474	sharksbreath	2012-05-08	Overall I thought it was a pretty good episode.  It seems a lot of people are complaining that Dany's khalasar is being killed off, but the victims looked like Daxos' servants to me (other than Irri).  I also wonder if Drogon may have escaped the dragonappers, since they only showed two tails.  I do think they're portraying Dany as too much of a petulant, entitled brat but  I guess she doesn't really start to show here true leadership capabilities (and heart) until ASoS.
					
					
							Edited by sharksbreath, 08 May 2012 - 12:57 PM.
475	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	Anyone else find Amory Loch's illiteracy somewhat far-fetched?  No, absolutely not far-fetched in any way or fashion, none whatsoever. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perfectly historically accurate. Things were very different between the time times of the ancients (who were all literate in Rome) and modern times (where most of us are). Those in-between times were.... different.Society in Westeros is modelled after the later Middle Ages in Europe. If you have three classes â<U+0080><U+0094> nobles, clergy, and peasant â<U+0080><U+0094> then only the clergy (hence, clerks) were typically literate, and some of the higher nobility. Hedge knights were typically not literate at all, and only knights who were actually part of the high nobility like Ser Kevan Lannister, brother to the Lion of Casterly Rock, would normally be literate.This began to change a bit with the rise of the merchant classes, but Ser Amory is neither a high lord, nor a maester nor a septon, nor perhaps a  merchant.Also, literacy is not a black and white, on and off kind of thing. From this page, we learn:Arguments about the level of literacy in the middle ages, or any other exotic port, can get extremely tangled around the concept of what the term literacy actually implies. It is possible to be adequately literate for a position in society, even an elevated one, without being a speed reader of todayâ<U+0080><U+0099>s standards and possibly without being able to write at all. We tend to see reading literacy and writing literacy as inseparable concepts. ... Having been bludgeoned into early literacy, we then fail to recognise a culture based on oral testimony and feats of memory. We consider a basic test of literacy as being whether a person can read without moving their lips. In a culture where reading was a co-operative activity where one person read aloud to others, this criterion has no relevance. In a culture which remembered much, reading a familiar work might consist of a large percentage of memory, jogged along by periodic reminders from the text. ...Writing was a different matter altogether. There were professionals who would write for you; priests, lay scriveners, notaries. From Charlemagne to Margery Kempe there were people who could probably read, to some degree, and who valued the written word, but who employed others to write for them. The society of ancient Rome, from which our written heritage derives, was essentially literate. Written documentation was essential to its forms of government and administration. It had platoons of authors. ... The barbarian invaders from the north were illiterate. Some adopted the Roman mode of literacy pretty quickly. Theoderic the Ostrogoth, invader of Rome itself, had fancy Bibles made in the Gothic language. It was a way of being Roman. In England the Anglo-Saxons did it their own way and conducted their affairs through sworn and witnessed oral testimony. It took a long time for this to be entirely replaced.And from elsewhere on that same site:In our time, we tend to conceive of literacy as an absolute, with reading and writing inextricably combined. We attempt, without notable success, to educate all members of society to the same standard of literacy. We think that everybody can be taught literacy in the same way, and classify those that cannot as suffering from some sort of medical condition or gross social deprivation. In the medieval era, reading literacy was not an absolute. There was always a broad range of levels and types of literacy, from those who had total competency in several languages, through those who were trained to understand certain kinds of texts and read them in particular ways, to those totally ignorant and obliged to seek out professional assistance if they required something to be read. Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a lot more there on the site; I strongly encourage reading it. Please.All these things people are saying about Ser Amory and his â<U+0080><U+009C>literacyâ<U+0080><U+009D> are culturally-biased nonsense that make no sense in the medieval society that Martin is trying to largely simulate here.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s even worse to conflate competence with literacy, or intelligence with literacy. Amory could have plenty competent without meeting the modern notion of literacy.And doubtless was.God! Kids on the internet these days! ;-}
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 08 May 2012 - 01:01 PM.
476	True Northerner	2012-05-08	The cicumstances in which I watched this episode may have tainted my opinions.
I was driving home from a hockey game at 10pm when my non-book reading wife called me and yelled into the phone "OMG why didnt you warn me that they would steal her dragons!".
I asked her to hang up, because believe it or not, she just let out a spoiler, as no dragons are ever stolen in the books.
When I finally got home and watched the episode, I could only focus on the fact they Dany's dragon's will get stolen. Since I hadn't seen the scene yet, nor had the context I was bothered by the idea and all other scenes were through a filter of annoyance.
Anyhow, fast forward to Monday night. I re-watched the episode, and what I thought was originally mediocre episode actually turned out to be a great one.
It's sometimes hard to turn off the idea that I Know what's supposed to happen and just let it flow. On second watch, none of the changes seemed out of place, nor would destroy any future story lines.
That being said, I am still not digging TV-Jon. He's a bit of righteous dummy on the show. I don't know. Maybe it is because I know how things turn out, that I forget the path characters need to take to get there. But come on Jon! Make a decision!! In the near future you will need to defend the wall and make some pretty quick decisions...
477	arrowsmith	2012-05-08	not to mention Loch's flub was sending a raven to
Doron of House Mormet and not Moron of House Dormet
or whatever
subordinates screw up and CC the whole office and get fired all the time...
if only we had poison darts at the job...
478	boojam	2012-05-08	Anyone else find Amory Loch's illiteracy somewhat far-fetched?  They turned him into Charlie from It's Always Sunny  When I was watching that scene I was half expecting someone to yell: "Goddammit Charlie, your illiteracy has screwed us again!"Remember that Davos was totally illiterate, and he was obviously superior in every way to Loch.The fact that a Loch may have begun as a commoner would not be surprising at any time in history such have risen to be officers.I bet they leave out Davos's education next season, tho there is a plot pivot there.
479	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	Not to mention Lorch's flub was sending a raven to Doron of House Mormet and not Moron of House Dormet, or whatever.Subordinates screw up and CC the whole office and get fired all the time.If only we had poison darts at the job.Very good catch!  Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re quite right. Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no reason to imagine that Ser Amory would have written the letter himself.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what scribes, clerks, and maesters are for.  Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no way to know at what stage of the transmission process things got mangled.  Someone might have misheard or misremembered.  Plus all of us from time to time write certain words in the order wrong, or swich things around from be they should how. Give the fellow some slack (not that he deserves it).
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 08 May 2012 - 01:06 PM.
480	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-05-08	Absolutely loved loved loved this episode!!! I watched it 3 times in a row, and I think the changes they make are OK, it keeps me not knowing exactly what is going to happen next and they always seem to bounce right back to the book after a little change so thats ok by me.My favorite part was the look that Jaquen gives Arya after she says NOw, IT Has To be Now! He just looks at her like an annoying little sister but u knw that he will listen to her and get it done!!!Like so many others have said, the Sansa and Shae friendship is not sitting well with me. In the books Sansa NEVER trusted a hansmaid, so how does she knw that Shae is not one of the wrong people.Tyrion and the Hound were GREAT! As was all the KIngs Landing scenes.But the best part was of course Winterfell. And I do feel more sorry for Theon than in the books. And Rodricks last line about Theon now being truly lost was epic!!! Oh and the guy playing Dagmer has an awesome scary voice. Cant wait till next week, but i hate how this series seasons are only 10 episodes long /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Especially as it was Sandor who warns her to not trust anyone.....and schools her about liars /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
481	Milgod morghulis	2012-05-08	Sorry if this has already been covered, but does anyone remember where Maggy the Frog was from? Was it Volantis?
482	Morrigan	2012-05-08	Is a colored person like black, or brown, or yellow, or pink, or like what? This seems like a weaselly euphemism for something, but I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t pin it down.  Are you trying to avoid saying a dirty word of some sort?Christ, she meant people of non-white ethnicity, that was obvious to anyone except you, get over it.
483	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-08	Dagmer can't be Ramsey.  He's at least as old as Roose!  
I don't know if I like the switch.  I really wanted to see the Stark and Bolton men meet up, just as Theon, with Maester Lewin,  is about to have a change of heart.
I think Quaithe stole the dragons.  She will take them to tHotU, because she wants Dany to see something.
484	nara	2012-05-08	I love Tywin and Arya together; but why would Lord Tywin Lannister unburden himself about his son's childhood dyslexia to a serving girl, even a clever serving girl?  He's not just a distracted politician, he's Tywin, who is not egalitarian or at all interested in what servants think of him except their knowing to obey him.Speaking of HBO nudity requirements, I was thrilled to see yet another Roz-free episode.  Tywin talking to Arya was an improvement on last season's "dude talking to Roz or another prostitute" scene. (I believe the fans have called that expositwhore or something like that.)  They need a way to share what a character is thinking in a way that won't affect the story.  it has mostly been men talking to prostitutes (Peytr, Pycelle, Theon, etc.) since those women can't do anything with the info they hear.  Similarly, Arya won't be able to use the info Tywin is sharing, so the writers decided to use this method.  Even, though it is uncharacteristic of Tywin, it's better than another Roz-like scene.
485	insertname	2012-05-08	While this episode had a rather big bunch of inconsistencies, some of the complaints are rather far-fetched and at times illogical themselves. If you're already in a bad mood because of errors, it can easily happen that you begin counting them and include more stuff than actually is supposed to be in there.
A thing I wanted to mention about the "teleportation": With so many different characters, it's really impossible to tell the story in any way with the time passed being synchronised, or even completely chronological. Martin has been pretty extreme here too. Littlefinger changing location every episode seems extreme, but you can't really tell how much time has passed.
About who stole the dragons: I might have to watch it again, but when first viewing it, it was obvious to me that this was Pyatt Pree, because the guy carrying it looked like him. Dom the amount of discussion about this, I might have been too quick to judge, but...edit: watched it again and yeah it's unclear, though I still believe it's pyatt pree. You get a quick glimpse of the foot, which looks wrinkled, and the arms also look a bit thin.
About tywin talking to a cupbearer: He doesn't talk with arya. He talks to her. Big difference. He doesn't care about her as a person. It seemed more like he was just reminiscing about the past by talking out loud.
I'm also disappointed about Sansa. Especially her line to Shae "But I can trust you" made me both cringe and facepalm. Cringe because Sansa had already been established about being a bit more clever than that....And facepalm for Sansa, because honestly? Yeah, you can totally trust the handmaiden that someone you don't know sent to you, replacing the old handmaiden. Right. >.>
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 08 May 2012 - 03:16 PM.
486	Buckwheat	2012-05-08	This episode's theme seems to me "the silly things I do for love/passion":
Ummmmm, what was Jon doing the whole episode? I mean, really. They are making him look like an idiot for the whole season now, and this episode especially. Talking that way to Qhorin was strange, and his indecisiveness about Ygritte even more. I like Jon in the books, but I am starting to wonder if this is supposed to be the same person - I have no idea how they will make his being chosen for LC work. Anyway, the scene with "Stop moving!" was funny in a ridiculous way.
Theon sees a naked girl and forgets about everything, like that she might not be as loyal as it seems.
And Robb. I do not really like his scenes with the random Volantene who is probably Jeyne Westerling. But Carelyn was priceless.
I like Tywin and Arya scenes, like most here, I think. They are great.
Does LF have an airplane or what? How could he possibly travel around Westeros that way?
I was really afraid for Sansa for a moment. A painful moment, just as Ser Rodrik's beheading.
What I like the most:
1. The pacing has gotten quicker, now things are starting to actually happen. I assume it has something to do with the fact that there were no Highgarden and no Dragonstone scenes this time, so the story acted like a story and no random scenes from different parts of the continent.
2. We managed to see two episodes without pointless too long sex scenes. Yes, I know we have seen Osha's seducing Theon, but that was one shot and then she was climbing out of bed. No stupid Ros or sexposition scenes!
487	Roose Seal	2012-05-08	I think Quaithe stole the dragons.  She will take them to tHotU, because she wants Dany to see something.Hmm I'd love that, but I think they would've shown Quaithe in the "previously on". I don't think non-readers even took note of her.
488	Buckwheat	2012-05-08	Tywin talking to Arya was an improvement on last season's "dude talking to Roz or another prostitute" scene. (I believe the fans have called that expositwhore or something like that.)  They need a way to share what a character is thinking in a way that won't affect the story.  it has mostly been men talking to prostitutes (Peytr, Pycelle, Theon, etc.) since those women can't do anything with the info they hear.  Similarly, Arya won't be able to use the info Tywin is sharing, so the writers decided to use this method.  Even, though it is uncharacteristic of Tywin, it's better than another Roz-like scene.Maybe Ros is already a spy for Littlefinger ... so she can very well use the information she gets that way.But I agree that this season's take on characters' psychology is better, if you look at it that way.
489	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-08	Hmm I'd love that, but I think they would've shown Quaithe in the "previously on". I don't think non-readers even took note of her.They only show the "previously on" if the character is going to be in that episode.  So, if she is in Ep. 7, they will show her "previously on" at the beginning.
490	boojam	2012-05-08	Theon sees a naked girl and forgets about everything, like that she might not be as loyal as it seems.Poor Theon, he has his failings, and pays for them.Well at least here we have a sex scene that advances the plot like the the first season with Dany and Drogo.( Sexplanation worked sometimes too.)Maybe D&D got the message after episode 3 and have had time to tweak the edits.By the by Natalia Tena is quite daring!(But she appears the type.)She starting to make a name for herself , made the NY Times this weekend in a feature article, her band and other cinema work.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 May 2012 - 03:30 PM.
491	Grail King	2012-05-08	I liked the whole episode, but I liked the KL riot and Theon taking WF best.
The riot may not have been as dramatic as the book but it was scary, especially when Sansa got cornered and she was about to be raped, Sophie Turner really did a great emotional rip on that scene.
I understand the SanSan thing but that scene worked due to Gleason, Dinklage and Turner, Sandor was the frosting I liked is scowl when he was called Dog.
And  Theon butchering Ser Rodrick while not in the book as such showed how screwed Theon is, and the line by Rodrick to Bran saying he's gonna see Ned was priceless.
I'm OK with combining the Reeds into Osha and Bran, but I do hope they show up later to pledge fealty to the Lord of Winterfell in the future.
And I thought Osha and Yegrette were hot ( but that is a different matter )
492	Roose Seal	2012-05-08	They only show the "previously on" if the character is going to be in that episode.  So, if she is in Ep. 7, they will show her "previously on" at the beginning.Yeah that's why I seem to be inclined to think it was Pyat, as he was shown in the "previously"But yeah the more Quaithe the better, so here's hoping.
493	Sidonie	2012-05-08	About tywin talking to a cupbearer: He doesn't talk with arya. He talks to her. Big difference. He doesn't care about her as a person. It seemed more like he was just reminiscing about the past by talking out loud.You know, about Tywin talking to Arya, I think it's very believable.Powerful people are still people. Probably most of the people Tywin deals with he thinks of  as "frenemies," people who are on his side now, but will switch if they get a better opportunity.Tywin sees Arya, as strange as it seems, as someone so far below him he can actually afford to be himself with her. And he sees qualities in her he admires, like intelligence.Like the wealthy buisinessmen and industrial magnates who used to frequent geisha in Japan early in this century, in a way. Although Arya is a "cupbearer" while geisha are....well....sake bearers, I guess? lol.
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 08 May 2012 - 03:48 PM.
494	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	Yeah that's why I seem to be inclined to think it was Pyat, as he was shown in the "previously"Twice. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
495	Buckwheat	2012-05-08	Well at least here we have a sex scene that advances the plot like the the first season with Dany and Drogo.( Sexplanation worked sometimes too.)Agree about the first line so much.Sexplanation works on very very very rare occasions, I think. "Sometimes" is too strong a word.
496	Qwop22	2012-05-08	I think Quaithe stole the dragons.  She will take them to tHotU, because she wants Dany to see something.I didn't even think of this, but I definitely think its possible. For me, I just immediately figured the Warlocks stole them. Quaithe makes more sense now that I think about it.
497	Rob the God	2012-05-08	Damn Charles Dance!
Tywin was one of the Characters i hated most (cause of tyrion and RW)
but now that i see Dance playing him i kind of like him
is dialogues with Arya are pure gold! / and he sticks to the character, just showing us more of his human side
498	sarah.jenice	2012-05-08	Jaime is barely in ACOK (shows up in catelyn's last POV, I believe), but there is a mention of an escape attempt, so we should see that in the show.  I remember reading the book-- waiting and waiting for Jaime to show up--and being very disappointed.On a separate subject, Someone else mentioned it, but I was annoyed that they made Myrcella cry.  I loved the part of Tyrion's POV where he thinks that Myrcella Baratheon is a born princess and didn't cry at all (and comforted Tommen) when she went away.  I think she'll turn out to be the best and bravest of the Lannisters.Also, I found myself wondering if TV-Arya would have been better off revealing herself to TV-Tywin.  He seems like the type who is sensible.  Therefore, he would keep her a hostage, but well protected, for Jaime's sake.  Just wondering...I totally agree that I was disappointed Myrcella cried. From what tiny bit we've seen of her, I've liked her. I guess it was to give Cersei more reason to be pissed at Tyrion. If Myrcella would have taken it like a true princess with no tears, it wouldn't have made as much sense for Cersei's threat to Tyrion.And you're probably right that Tywin would treat Arya as a hostage according to her station and probably in much better conditions than Sansa, but I can't see Arya (even TV Arya) wanting to willingly be a captive. She's a fighter, and I can't every see her turning herself over to the man who she hears working to take down her brother.
499	Ser Tom	2012-05-08	Best episode this season. I felt a bit cheated about not seeing the attack on Winterfell but I think the first we heard about it in the book was when Bran got woke up. I think that only really bothered me because of previous omissions, overall I'd still say hbo still owes us a few battles and one melle. Alfie Allan was brilliant. Not a fan of the stolen dragons either but if it's to give Daenerys a shove towards the house of the undying then I can live with it. I'm hoping that's like something out of Twin Peaks. First mention for the Bastard of Bolton! I've seen a few posts about him not being cast, could hbo just be keeping him under wraps to avoid any spoilers? If they announce somewhere X is playing Ramsey then he turns up as Reek that's going to get non readers radar twitching.
500	HouseLancaster	2012-05-08	Soz if already discussed...
Does anyone know what that note said that Arya had, and why she suddenly ran off? Where were we supposed to think she was going? She said she was going to the armery, was that to share with Gendry further details of her day or was she in fact going to give Jaquen her 2nd kill, if so, who would it have been?
501	Caro99	2012-05-08	gods, i was feeling so sad with the whole taking winterfell scene and then with ser rodrik being killed- but the way alfie allen portrayed theon here made me feel even more symphatetic to him i guess cause of the whole reek business..... specially now that ramsay has been confirmed!ygritte was also wonderful- liked her better than in the books, and i was okay with the tywin opening up to his cup-bearer, i guess.i didn't mind that much about dany's story in this episode apart from the "who has the dragons now?" issue.But San/San was jsut wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! of course that watching sansa almost being raped was horrible, but the way sandor saved her- epic, and he finally said LB! oh gods, and it was great to see that we will have another moment with these two next week /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />about shae/sansa... i like it cause it will mean trouble once sansa gets married to tyrion, (i'm sure their marriage won't be ignored the way san/san was up till this episode) so S3 will have some tension between these 3 people.. but i didn't like it cause sansa does not trust her maids in the books- she only comes to trust to a point both sandor and dontos, but her handmaidens! still, not that bothered about it.
502	Leuf	2012-05-08	So, the letter Talisa was writing, was she actually sarcastic when she said she was a spy?She may have told the truth jokingly, so that no one would be suspicious of her."The Young Wolf is on the move.."Was that what she really wrote?I posted the text of the letter just a couple pages before your post.  Here it is again:Marching ten thousand west to Lannisport _____the tooth. Estimate to reach you by week's end. Sco___Robb Stark moving troops south by coast __ __ will ___turn east at SilverhillIt cannot be from Talisa or Roose, it has to be from a Lannister bannerman, or a fake letter planted by Tywin.
503	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-08	also yrgitte last night....http://i.imgur.com/mp1FO.jpg
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 08 May 2012 - 06:17 PM.
504	Lady Katherine	2012-05-08	I never knew how to pronounce Ygritte before (While reading I'd always say "Ya-Greet").  So now I know....
					
					
							Edited by Lady Katherine, 08 May 2012 - 06:57 PM.
505	Mark Antony	2012-05-08	http://28.media.tumb...046lwo1_500.gif
506	ThePickler	2012-05-08	With the change to Jon's story I'm worried that his fight with Quorin Halfhand might turn out ot be real, rather than an effort to prove Jon as a turncloak, or not shown at all. In either case Jon will seem less loyal to the Night Watch.
507	tryagainlater	2012-05-08	Did anyone else love that look Tyrion gave Cersei after the threat? At first, I thought he was going to make a snarky comment which I would usually love but his silence made the scene more powerful. Not only did he seem worried about Shae, but I felt like he was also thinking about what Tywin did to Tysha. Or maybe I'm thinking about it too much.
CRACKPOT THEORY: Littlefinger is capable of the duplication trick Pyat Pree can do and is literally everywhere at once. That's how he knows everything. It probably goes without saying that I'm being sarcastic.
508	legba11	2012-05-08	I called here Igg-Ritt
509	J_Crews	2012-05-08	I called here Igg-RittMe too, so switching to Eeee-grit isn't a big adjustment for me.  I have a dear friend who insists on calling Tyrion "Tyrone," though, which makes me cringe.
510	mafalda	2012-05-08	Okay. So like anyone watching a show, I have my likes and dislikes:
The scene at Winterfell was great. Sure, there are only like eight people living in Winterfell, but they did the best with what they had. I like the change of having Theon behead Rodrik. I do wish that Ramsey and Reek were introduced earlier, but the mere mention of Roose mentioning his bastard was enough for me.
Naked Nymphadora? Oops, Tonks!
Sure, Tywin's being a little too chatty with Arya, but they're still some seriously amazing, award nominating performances. I really like Jaqen, I'm gonna miss him. While I don't like the tickler's death (because I was so looking forward to seeing that in SoS) I like the killing of Amory Lorch, instead of the useless deaths Arya originally chose. I did want the way Jaqen killed Amory to be a little more creative isntead of a dart...
I like tv Ygritte soo much better than book Ygritte. I was cringing waiting for her to say "You know nothing, Jon Snow!" so that I could put my foot through my tv :/ On a side note, it was kind of silly for Jon to not kill her (assuming he's gonna let her go, right?) only to chase her down when she leaves. Huh? I hope he ends up killing Qhorin though.
The Kings Landing riot was as best as they could make it and I enjoyed it! I mean, not only were the horses probably too expensive to get, but that would have been very dangerous for everyone involved to include the horses. San/San was awesome! I somehow thought this would be the only San/San interaction in the book. I wish he didn't carry her like a sack of flour though. He should have carried her like the repenting non-knight he is!
I guess we won't see any more Ser Dontos this season.
It's cool we get to see Robb, since we don't see much of him in CoK. I just wish Catelyn wasn't there to remind him of his duties because now he's gonna look even more like a moron when he marries her. And I don't understand the alias. When he finds out she's Jeyne Westerling, shouldn't the fact that she lied to him about her identity throw him off from marrying her (if not his vow to the Freys).
Okay, to the last scene. I normally don't like new scenes being added to the story (I can deal with leaving stuff out, because I understand its hard to condense a 1000 page novel into a 50 minute 10 episode season) but this one works because Dany didn't really have much to do in CoK except wander around the Red Waste and go to the House of the Undying. And when reading the books I did wonder why no one tried to steal her dragons. I don't care that the storyline was made up, what I did mind was them killing off the rest of her tiny khalasar, and killing off Irri. I know, everyone's like, she's only a handmaiden, she doesn't serve a purpose, blah blah... but why is Doreah still alive? Dany had three handmaids, and the two brown ones who are supposed to be alive (Irri and Jhiqui, no one seems to know what happened to Jhiqui from season one) are dead. Yet Doreah lives when SHE is the one who's supposed to be dead. The "hot" one, whatever. Dont' try to tell me it isn't about this, because it totally is. Okay, whatever. As long as we get to see Dany's visions.
And where were Jorah and Doreah when this was happening??
Oh and I loved the Spice King schooling Dany. I love Dany, she's one of my favorite characters and I do hope SHE will be the one to claim the Iron Throne one day, but tv Dany is getting a little obnoxious. She will take what is hers with fire and blood, she is the Mother of Dragons, she walked into a burning pit, she's immune to fire, she did the impossible, okay we get it!!! She's acting wayyy too entitled, and if I hear that line one more time...
Oh and what is everypne's theory about Dagmer being Ramsay? Did I miss something?
I will now end my post with this:
It is known.
511	The Rune Maester	2012-05-08	I like tv Ygritte soo much better than book Ygritte. I was cringing waiting for her to say "You know nothing, Jon Snow!" so that I could put my foot through my tv :/ On a side note, it was kind of silly for Jon to not kill her (assuming he's gonna let her go, right?) only to chase her down when she leaves. Huh? I hope he ends up killing Qhorin though.The Kings Landing riot was as best as they could make it and I enjoyed it! I mean, not only were the horses probably too expensive to get, but that would have been very dangerous for everyone involved to include the horses. San/San was awesome! I somehow thought this would be the only San/San interaction in the book. I wish he didn't carry her like a sack of flour though. He should have carried her like the repenting non-knight he is!Okay, to the last scene. I normally don't like new scenes being added to the story (I can deal with leaving stuff out, because I understand its hard to condense a 1000 page novel into a 50 minute 10 episode season) but this one works because Dany didn't really have much to do in CoK except wander around the Red Waste and go to the House of the Undying. And when reading the books I did wonder why no one tried to steal her dragons. I don't care that the storyline was made up, what I did mind was them killing off the rest of her tiny khalasar, and killing off Irri. I know, everyone's like, she's only a handmaiden, she doesn't serve a purpose, blah blah... but why is Doreah still alive? Dany had three handmaids, and the two brown ones who are supposed to be alive (Irri and Jhiqui, no one seems to know what happened to Jhiqui from season one) are dead. Yet Doreah lives when SHE is the one who's supposed to be dead. The "hot" one, whatever. Dont' try to tell me it isn't about this, because it totally is. Okay, whatever. As long as we get to see Dany's visions.And where were Jorah and Doreah when this was happening??Oh and I loved the Spice King schooling Dany. I love Dany, she's one of my favorite characters and I do hope SHE will be the one to claim the Iron Throne one day, but tv Dany is getting a little obnoxious. She will take what is hers with fire and blood, she is the Mother of Dragons, she walked into a burning pit, she's immune to fire, she did the impossible, okay we get it!!! She's acting wayyy too entitled, and if I hear that line one more time...It is known.Hehe, I don't know about the book Ygritte, but this one is beautiful by both wildling and common standards, and definitely knows how to, ahem, warm Jon up /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  Maybe his dirty subconscious was at work while chasing her. An amazing cast choice for Ygritte. But I completely agree with you on the very last scene - where the hell is Doeah and where was Jorah?!! I don't mind the dragons being stolen, it definitely adds to the dynamic, but it seems quite suspicious, almost as if an inside person was involved? And Dany totally got pawned /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
512	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-08	Okay, to the last scene. I normally don't like new scenes being added to the story (I can deal with leaving stuff out, because I understand its hard to condense a 1000 page novel into a 50 minute 10 episode season) but this one works because Dany didn't really have much to do in CoK except wander around the Red Waste and go to the House of the Undying. And when reading the books I did wonder why no one tried to steal her dragons. I don't care that the storyline was made up, what I did mind was them killing off the rest of her tiny khalasar, and killing off Irri. I know, everyone's like, she's only a handmaiden, she doesn't serve a purpose, blah blah... but why is Doreah still alive? Dany had three handmaids, and the two brown ones who are supposed to be alive (Irri and Jhiqui, no one seems to know what happened to Jhiqui from season one) are dead. Yet Doreah lives when SHE is the one who's supposed to be dead. The "hot" one, whatever. Dont' try to tell me it isn't about this, because it totally is. Okay, whatever. As long as we get to see Dany's visions.And where were Jorah and Doreah when this was happening??I'm ok with they adding stuff to make it more interesting, what's going to be difficult is that the "possible dragon theft" was something left open in the book, it was hardly ever considered, specially because it would raise the question and mainly because we always knew how easy it would be until Dany got her Unsullied. It was the magic of it. I always thought of it as some strange politeness or culture feature. I saw some people saying that maybe it's just to bring her to the HOTU, but then why kill all those guards and Irri ( I really liked her :/ )It is known. [2]
513	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	I would be very sad if they chose which handmaiden had to die based upon which one was the more attractive actress.  Since I think Doreah betrayed them, I don't think it's unreasonable that Irri died in the theft, though.  Along with everyone else.  It's not like she was singled out.
It would be interesting if Jorah was the betrayer.  There wouldn't need to be a huge change for that to be the case, at least through aDwD.
514	LaceyP84	2012-05-08	And what a butcher!!!!  How many times did it take Theon to behead Ser Roderick?It was three times in the book, looked like overkill in the show if u ask me, but i think it got the point across that Theon is weak and has no business doing what he's doing...
515	zippypoodle	2012-05-08	If I were creating a nic for the site, after reading the episode 206 threads, it would have to be Myrcella's Tears.  Since it is clearly the most important thing ever to have happened in the history Westeros, books and show combined.
516	Superior Glokta	2012-05-08	For the people complaining about Jon Snow acting like a moron in his handling of Ygritte this episode, I have to ask...
Have you read the books?
Is Jon Snow not a moron?
517	Morrigan	2012-05-08	also yrgitte last night....http://i.imgur.com/mp1FO.jpgBahahahahaha, awesome, I literally laughed out loud.
518	sharksbreath	2012-05-08	Damn Charles Dance!Tywin was one of the Characters i hated most (cause of tyrion and RW)but now that i see Dance playing him i kind of like himis dialogues with Arya are pure gold! / and he sticks to the character, just showing us more of his human sideTotally agree I like what they're doing with Tywin.  He a typical Martin character not good or evil - just capable of both,  I think he would know Arya is a highborn,  In the books when Theon is adapting to his new persona he has to take care to say "m'lord"instead of "my lord" to keep from giving away his noble birth.The character they're doing the worst with has to be Baelish.  On the show he seems obvious and not especially clever.  In the book he is a total enigma, you can never be sure what his motivations or loyalties are.  He just seems to thrive in the chaos.  Gillen is doing the best he can with the material but still disappointing.
519	Impfan	2012-05-09	Totally agree I like what they're doing with Tywin.  He a typical Martin character not good or evil - just capable of both,  I think he would know Arya is a highborn,  In the books when Theon is adapting to his new persona he has to take care to say "m'lord"instead of "my lord" to keep from giving away his noble birth.The character they're doing the worst with has to be Baelish.  On the show he seems obvious and not especially clever.  In the book he is a total enigma, you can never be sure what his motivations or loyalties are.  He just seems to thrive in the chaos.  Gillen is doing the best he can with the material but still disappointing.I detest Tywin.  I can't wait to see him losing bowel control as he looks incredulously at the crossbow bolt skewering his lower.  The only thing I'll enjoy more is Shae's strangling.  THAT will be my favorite episode.
520	Maester Hodor	2012-05-09	also yrgitte last night....http://i.imgur.com/mp1FO.jpgomg thats funny! and so true /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
521	Currawong	2012-05-09	The character they're doing the worst with has to be Baelish.  On the show he seems obvious and not especially clever.  In the book he is a total enigma, you can never be sure what his motivations or loyalties are.  He just seems to thrive in the chaos.  Gillen is doing the best he can with the material but still disappointing.I actually think they are handling Baelish quite cleverly.  When you stop to think about it, only we the viewers get to see 'more' of him, because we see him interract with so many different people.  And yes, I know he has been given some additional scenes, but that only adds to his mystery.  To the various characters in the TV series, he only shows the face he wants them to see of him.  But as viewers see, he has many faces depending on who he is with.   I rather enjoy this aspect, because when viewers see him playing up to so many people and helping them plot against each other, we start to wonder which is the 'real' Baelish, if indeed we have yet seen anything of that person.  What IS he up to?   You certainly can't determine that from the series so far.   He seems more obvious in the TV  series because we are seeing him objectively, and not through the eyes of others in their book POVs.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 09 May 2012 - 01:48 AM.
522	Tyrion the lmp	2012-05-09	What happens to the third wish? Because Lord Bolton is with Robb Stark and I don't know what is going to happen next. I mean Aria used the third wish to capture the Harrenhall for Lord Bolton...
523	HouseLark	2012-05-09	Dany announcing what she and her dragons will do in every episode is becoming very much like Robb's camp announcing that he's KOTN.  Really just comical to me.And are we really expected to believe that Robb would not question his mother about Renly's death, or notice the 6'3" woman she's picked up on her way back? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  Really, because that just seriously pushes the envelope of credulity in my estimation.  I don't care how infatuated you are with Volantine Medicine Woman, a six foot three woman wearing battle armor following your mother around would still be hard to miss.Or, perhaps I'm just preternaturally perceptive.  LOL.Ha! That's exactly what I thought. Robb welcomes his mother back and doesn't even take a glance at the big sodding giant that she's brought back with her. You'd think he'd at least make some subtle gesture, or that Catelyn might even make an effort to say "yo boy, this is my new close protection. Oh, and she's a woman who can remove the head from the shoulders of any man". In fact, you'd also think that half the camp would be stopping to take a glance. That's kind of the point of Brienne; she's something of a curiosity which is partly where her awkwardness comes from.In fact, one of the things that I've noticed is that a lot of the subtlety has left this series. Last series, there were little asides hat added to the depth of the characters (the nods between Robert and Ned at Winterfell, the glance between Ned and Arya when Sansa was talking about Joffrey, Theon's reaction to the news that Robb would have to marry a Frey, etc). Those little touches are being removed or replaced with hit-you-in-the-face exposition or WTF!!! moments.
524	HouseLark	2012-05-09	What happens to the third wish? Because Lord Bolton is with Robb Stark and I don't know what is going to happen next. I mean Aria used the third wish to capture the Harrenhall for Lord Bolton...I expect Harrenhal to fall to the North in the next two episodes. Northmen will be captured next week leaving Arya to decide whether to use her third wish to kill Tywin or free her people.
525	The Pretty Good John	2012-05-09	And yes, I know he has been given some additional scenes, but that only adds to his mystery.  I'm wondering if these extra Littlefinger scenes with the Arya plotline are leading to something specific -- that wasn't in the books.  First, we have the gratuitous scene where Cersei threatens his life and tells him to have his people find Arya.  At the time, no one understood why that scene was added other than to make Cersei look like she's losing her composure.  Then, we have the gratuitous scene in this episode where Arya is, of all places in the Seven Kingdoms, attending to Tywin and she even spills wine on Littlefinger.  People seem to think that this scene was added just to increase artificial tension, but they had enough tension with Lorch seeing her with the note and chasing her, etc.I don't know what it's building to.  Maybe when Tywin shows up in Kings Landing, Littlefinger will ask "where's Arya Stark?  Didn't you bring her?  She was your cupbearer at Harrenhal.  What do you mean you didn't know?  How could you not know?  Young, educated Northern girl on her own about a thousand miles from home.  Same age as the young educated Northern girl that your daughter, Varys and my spies have been searching frantically for not far from here.  You didn't know?  When was the last time you saw her?"In the books, Littlefinger had no involvement at all in the Arya plot.  I have to believe these two extra scenes that chewed up precious minutes and made no sense at the time will tie in somewhere down the road.
526	Sun	2012-05-09	What happens to the third wish? Because Lord Bolton is with Robb Stark and I don't know what is going to happen next. I mean Aria used the third wish to capture the Harrenhall for Lord Bolton...The letter that Arya read stated that Robb was heading south via the coast, it also mentioned something about Silverhill which is just southwest of Harrenhal. I take that to mean that we will be seeing Robb's forces, probably under Bolton take the cursed castle sometimes soon, possibly episode 10.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 09 May 2012 - 04:51 AM.
527	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-09	Best episode this season. I felt a bit cheated about not seeing the attack on Winterfell but I think the first we heard about it in the book was when Bran got woke up.In the book, Bran has warged into Summer and sees the attack from outside the castle.  I was hoping they would do it that way in the series, but I fully understand it would have taken away the dramatic impact.  What works on the page - i.e. the wolf thinking of 'man-rocks' and the scents of blood and steel etc., won't work the same in the visual medium.  Then, yes, Ser Tom, boy and wolf separate again and Bran wakes up in bed.
528	The Rune Maester	2012-05-09	Ha! That's exactly what I thought. Robb welcomes his mother back and doesn't even take a glance at the big sodding giant that she's brought back with her. You'd think he'd at least make some subtle gesture, or that Catelyn might even make an effort to say "yo boy, this is my new close protection. Oh, and she's a woman who can remove the head from the shoulders of any man". In fact, you'd also think that half the camp would be stopping to take a glance. That's kind of the point of Brienne; she's something of a curiosity which is partly where her awkwardness comes from.In fact, one of the things that I've noticed is that a lot of the subtlety has left this series. Last series, there were little asides hat added to the depth of the characters (the nods between Robert and Ned at Winterfell, the glance between Ned and Arya when Sansa was talking about Joffrey, Theon's reaction to the news that Robb would have to marry a Frey, etc). Those little touches are being removed or replaced with hit-you-in-the-face exposition or WTF!!! moments.That's actually an excellent point. I totally forgot about Brienne, the distraction we get from Jeyne and Robb. But seriously, Renly died quickly and was quickly forgotten, and the huge blonde woman-knight is also forgotten. ha!
529	Ran	2012-05-09	Looking more closely at that letter... I no longer think there's any credence to the idea that it is evidence of a spy in Robb's camp.
It seems pretty clear that the bit before the line about Robb Stark moving south down the coast is "Scouts..." Probably "Scouts report". It seems natural enough to think that there'll be men in the west keeping an eye on Robb's movements and reporting them.
530	boojam	2012-05-09	I expect Harrenhal to fall to the North in the next two episodes. Northmen will be captured next week leaving Arya to decide whether to use her third wish to kill Tywin or free her people.That's the only take away I can get from Tywin's microsecond clip on the preview. That the Brave Companions have returned with the prisoners. I didn't expect the book's storyline to followed at this point, maybe it wont.Still Tywin has to leave soon, end of this episode, start of E8? So Weasel Soup in E8 (as has been prophesied).... but not much time left for Harrenhal stuff, Aray's escape in E10.
531	The GreatRon	2012-05-09	Favorite episode of the season so far, even with the large deviations and the added stuff for Dany.
How can you not love watching Joffrey get hit in the face with shit and slapped in the same episode.
532	legba11	2012-05-09	I think Harrenhal will pretty much go the same as the book, just without Roose Bolton.  Tywin leaves, Brave Companions switch sides as part of Weasel Soup.
533	rmanoj	2012-05-09	I think Harrenhal will pretty much go the same as the book, just without Roose Bolton.  Tywin leaves, Brave Companions switch sides as part of Weasel Soup.Have the Brave Companions even been mentioned yet? I'd like to see the goat.Also, not having Roose at Harrenhal means that there won't be a set-up for "Jaime Lannister sends his regards", which would be a disappointment. Unless they decide to change that to "Talisa from Volantis sends her regards"...
534	legba11	2012-05-09	Once Tywin leaves, there needs to be a STRONG reason for Arya to leave, I don't see why they wouldn't keep him as that.
535	LordofWinter	2012-05-09	Am I the only one thinking the show is damn faithful to the books ?All the changes there were were merely tiny changes, some little stuff modified.But the core is still there, the main story lines are still there, no change has been reallyimportant so far, only tiny details were modified but this is still the exact same story as in the books.A friend of mine and myself were talking about this the other day-he hasn't read the books- i was telling him that he was lucky for not having read the books because he benefits from not being upset about the changes. And after I ranted on for a half hour about the millions of little (I felt) unnecessary changes he said that I was overreacting because they all sounded to him like tiny changes that won't really change much in the but that are more important/symbolic to fans of the books, who are bound to find things they don't like about the 'adaptation'. Plus the generic "it can't be exactly like it was in the books" line. My argument was that I wouldn't mind so much if it wasn't becoming painfully obvious that the writers of the show are making a point of showing that theirs is a different story. My best example of this is Renly's lack of peach. Now I know this will sound petty to some people who claim that the peach holds absolutely no importance to the story; I agree to a point, but the writers proved in the same episode that they knew about the peach (focus shot of Renly reaching for the apple) but chose to leave it out purposefully knowing readers were anticipating seeing it. Because if you read the book that little insignificant peach was a topic of discussion for at least a few pages. Stannis dwells on it forever, and while I can understand not being able to make time for that not including the peach seems to me to be a deliberate slap in the face. Most changes have been small, just so. But they are all over the place. Taking ideas and decisions away from certain characters and giving them to other ones, removing characters and combing those lost stories into the stories of main characters. Now I'm rambling but i want to make it clear that I am not actually trashing the show. On it's own it is great, but as a person who was seriously looking forward to seeing a great series of books turned into a tv show I was and am continually disappointed to find out that I am instead watching a cheap version of fanfiction(it is essentially somebody else's rewrite) even though they have kept the main plot points I get the feeling that they'll continue to skip over some great subplots. And furthermore the way certain scenes played out so differently on the show than they did in the books makes me no longer looking forward to certain scenes as much as I am afraid to see what changes they'll make. The down and up playing of certain characters will eventually have to effect the end story differently. As of right now I'm doubting if I'll look forward to the RW, Jon joining the free folk/killing QH/Jamie,brine and VHoat/the purple wedding/Ramsay takes winterfell and so much more. I could be wrong(I seriously hope I am) but I think when those scenes finally happen these boards are going to be filled with angry readers. Just my opinion on the subject
536	bloodymime	2012-05-09	Have the Brave Companions even been mentioned yet? I'd like to see the goat.Also, not having Roose at Harrenhal means that there won't be a set-up for "Jaime Lannister sends his regards", which would be a disappointment. Unless they decide to change that to "Talisa from Volantis sends her regards"...I was looking forward to seeing the Bloody Mummers but after seeing the way everyone's been sanitized on this show they'd just end up being more extras in Lannister colours.
537	Tadco26	2012-05-09	Vargo Hoat has not been cast this season as far as I can tell.  I suspect we won't even see the bloody mummers this season.  It may be that Arya uses her 3rd kill to escape rather than killing the guard herself.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 09 May 2012 - 02:40 PM.
538	HouseLancaster	2012-05-09	Once Tywin leaves, there needs to be a STRONG reason for Arya to leave, I don't see why they wouldn't keep him as that.Maybe it'll just be the news of her brothers that will prompt her to leave...
					
					
							Edited by HouseLancaster, 09 May 2012 - 02:58 PM.
539	boojam	2012-05-09	Maybe it'll just be the news of her brothers that will prompt her to leave...The main thing is Arya's trick of getting Jaqen to do some more than simply taking out a single victim.That was a delicious surprise in the book ... I am guessing D&D have not missed that point.
540	Brynden Bloodraven	2012-05-09	This was my favorite episode of the season thus far. I had been quite distracted by the seemingly pointless changes from the source text... just little things irritating me. I have no beef when the source text is changed, but is also interesting and better for the medium, as, in my opinion, we saw in episode 6. For example, I understand killing Ser Rodrik... he's someone that's been endeared to the audience over the course of season 1, so we feel the loss and realize just how low Theon has sunk--it had to be someone we already met to have this effect. 
My biggest complaint about the season so far is, as has been mentioned earlier, the lack of subtlety in the writing. There's just so much going on that we miss out on little moments that wink to the readers and may pass over the heads of those viewers who haven't delved into the books yet. I think that moments like that are necessary and very rewarding to those of us who are constantly looking at the series through the lens of the books.
541	House Snow	2012-05-09	I actually think they are handling Baelish quite cleverly.  When you stop to think about it, only we the viewers get to see 'more' of him, because we see him interract with so many different people.  And yes, I know he has been given some additional scenes, but that only adds to his mystery.  To the various characters in the TV series, he only shows the face he wants them to see of him.  But as viewers see, he has many faces depending on who he is with.   I rather enjoy this aspect, because when viewers see him playing up to so many people and helping them plot against each other, we start to wonder which is the 'real' Baelish, if indeed we have yet seen anything of that person.  What IS he up to?   You certainly can't determine that from the series so far.   He seems more obvious in the TV  series because we are seeing him objectively, and not through the eyes of others in their book POVs.I'm starting to agree with this viewpoints.  I've read through a couple of non-reader threads and they basically see Baelish the way we see him in the book. He seems very popular among the non-book readers from what I can tell.  Also agree with the point that its much easier for MArtin to have people comment on how devious Littlefinger is through their monologue than to do that on the show.  Plus it would be a little more shocking/realistic if he didn't seem to be the little miss perfect schemer he was in the book.
542	runeghost	2012-05-09	I don't know why people are picking on Littlefinger ending up at Harrenhal. He left the Tyrell camp within a day of Catelyn, and Catelyn reaches Robb in the westerlands this episode, an even further distance. The show has decided to not bother at all with trying to make sense of travel or suggest the passage of time.Also, Littlefinger's conversation with Tywin sets up the Tyrell's arrival at the end of the Battle of the Blackwater. Without that scene or something like it, that would come completely out of the blue.
543	Lyana	2012-05-09	I'm definitely on the "one-of-the-best-episodes-so-far" camp.
The sack of Winterfell was really heartbreaking. The contrast of Bran's reactions at the begining when Theon enters his room and during the beheading of Ser Rodrick was a nice touch. The kid is doing a fine acting job. And Theon - there was definitely an "Anakyn Skywalker"-moment there. The expression on his face after he kicks off the head from the body says clearly "There is no turning back". I've actually never liked Theon, but love the drama of his character.
Btw, am I the only one who is wondering where Summer is, when Theon comes into Bran's room? They didn't exclusively emphasized in the show that the wolves are held captive in the God's wood, did they?
Those wide shots in the second season of the show are really great. Love the scenes north of the Wall. Love to see Ghost again. Qhorin was not exactly how I imagined him and I have a problem with the fact, that Jon was the one who wanted to join Qhorin's group in the show. IIRC Qhorin took the initiative in the books. But I could live with that. Hopefully they will go somewhere with those changes. I can't understand all the complaining about the Jon/Ygritte - scenes. Yes, there are some changes, but I am still positive and prefer to wait and see the purpose of all this. I got from the scene that Jon was hesitating to kill Ygritte (as in the books). I think it was a last-minute decision to cut the rock instead of Ygritte's head, when he realized he cannot kill a woman. But then he panicked and started chasing her without thinking. It was just some rush panicking-reaction imo. I still wonder about the purpose of this change - perhaps it is a setup for the Jon-Ygritte relationship. I just hope they won't change Jon's character in some drastic way. I'm ok with the Jon-scenes so far. The actress playing Ygritte is great and the chemistry between them works so far. I am still convinced that Jon won't go straight to the wildlings-camp without having killed Qhorin.
The Arya/Tywin scenes are superb. Those two could really have a show on their own and no one would complain abot that. I am not a Lannister fan (except for Tyrion and a bit of Jaime) so even if Tywin is represented more humanly in the show, I don't like him. Charles Dance is doing a great job though. Don't mind the dialog between him and Arya, don't mind even the hiding game with LF. My only complaint is that we see too much LF and not enough Varys. Want more Varys! Stealing the letter gave Arya a good reason to choose the second death. It was more plausible for the non-book readers that way imo.
The riot scene in KL was very intense. I don't mind the lack of hourses. The anger of the crowd, the panick of the nobles - I just bought it. My only complaint was that Joff got slapped only once.
Dany's scenes were at least interesting for me as always. I enjoyed how condescendig the spice merchant was. And the whole "I will burn this and that... " is really starting to go on my nerves. The stealing of the dragons didn't wake any emotions. We all know she is going to have her dragons back at the House of Undying. I still have some hope for the prophesies left.
Robb, oh Robb, you trully are a King! I hate that the show made Robb such a lovable character. I liked him in the books, but the second season showed him in a really good light. Now I like him even more in the show. I have no doubts that Jane is the beautiful nurse. Still not sure what the purpose of the whole hiding of her personality is. I gues we'll have to wait and see.
Imho this episode was really dynamic, dramatic, showed some very important moments and despite all the changes from the series, it was really great.
					
					
							Edited by Lyana, 09 May 2012 - 07:34 PM.
544	ThePickler	2012-05-09	The scene where Theon executed Ser Rodrik was one of the strongest in the episode but I'm worried about the repercussions it might cause. Now ramsay cannot kill him and the rest the men returning from Torrhens Square as he did in the book so when he comes to "liberate" Winterfell he can hardly be seen as the SOB that he is. GRRM said in an interview that he doesn't consider any of his characters wholly evil but Ramsay is as close it gets. I want his portrayal in the show to match this.
545	pntrlqst	2012-05-09	The scene where Theon executed Ser Rodrik was one of the strongest in the episode but I'm worried about the repercussions it might cause. Now ramsay cannot kill him and the rest the men returning from Torrhens Square as he did in the book so when he comes to "liberate" Winterfell he can hardly be seen as the SOB that he is. GRRM said in an interview that he doesn't consider any of his characters wholly evil but Ramsay is as close it gets. I want his portrayal in the show to match this.Ramsay killing Luwin would be awesome, IMO.
546	Dio Forel	2012-05-09	This is a tv series that only gets to follow specific POV's.... one of the biggest issues is that the book goes on about 50,000 different plot tangents which is why now by book 5 we are basically seeing no progress.  It is pretty hard to make significant progress with so many plot arcs... The whole point of the TV show being different is they are giving more time and more storyline to main arcs because it is blatantly less time/material to work with.  People say its 10 different 1 hour episodes but this isnt even true at all.  The show starts at 9pm they say but the show actually doesnt even begin til like 9:04 then the opening sequence is a few minutes in itself,  then the show winds up ending at like 9:51.   Each episode is actually more like 50 minutes.  We want this show to last so it has to appeal to all demographics and have different entertainment values like comedy, violence, sex appeal and drama to survive the prime time world. 
People condemn the 2nd most wealthy guy in Quaith for being so over the top and strange but thats what they were like in similar times (think of the guy in Gladiator that announced the games for the Gladiator arena all fancy in his wig and makeup).  People condemn Robb for how he acted with Tylisa/Jeyne saying for him to be a kid since its his first love... Robb is the 'king' so he acted like a kid trying to be a king flirting with a girl with false arrogance.  And they did age him up so it isnt like he is the same child in the books... 
As for this season seeming rushed.. in a lot of ways I agree it is but I blame HBO for not giving the season enough time to handle depicting so many different arcs.  We dont get 10 hours we get more like 9 when all is said and done with credits, stupid show previews and late starts so there is no way for us to get the elaborate show we all want... Which is why its perfectly fine that apparently Littlefinger has access to secret railroads to travel around because if we based his travel on a somewhat realistic timeline itd wind up taking him 7 episodes to go from one place to the next.  
And my one main negative I must say... is that some people are so happy they saw the direwolves... Idk about you but I agree with the few who have mentioned the lack of wolf action this season.  I feel like the most we have gotten so far is the equivalent of the wolves hopping on screen, waving to us then scampering off to who knows where.  The amount we see them isnt even enough to be considered cameos.  Ghost hasnt looked like the vicious and intuitive wolf I see in the books hes some wandering wolf that pops in to say hi then disappears to have no involvement in the storyline whatsoever.
If this show had more legitimate time to display the storylines I think it would be phenomenally better to everybody, there is no reason to just get 10 short episodes.  There is WAY too much story to be told and the lack of time to show it is the sole reason for all of the complaints we see about timewarping Littlefinger and all rushed storytelling.  That and the fact that some people just love nitpicking about SOMETHING because lets be honest one of the best things about a show is the ability to criticize because a show thrives on positive AND negative critique.... what we should worry about is if nobody says ANYTHING.  Love and hate implies the show is on our minds.... ignorance and silence implies this show is doomed... So it is safe to say we are all safe for the next season... Hopefully HBO decides to start the show on time.. stop showing so many previews during our dedicated GOT timeslot... and give us some more damn episodes to tell the overwhelmingly elaborate story with some justice!!
And on a side note I did actually laugh when Lorch got sniped like that, as random as the method was. Theres nothing wrong with a little laughter people..
547	Roose Seal	2012-05-10	I don't get why they went for a 10 episode format. The show would've benefited immensely from a 12 episode format.
548	Morrigan	2012-05-10	It may be that Arya uses her 3rd kill to escape rather than killing the guard herself.Jesus fucking christ I hope not. That would be the single worst change in the entire series so far and it would be so bad that I just might give up on the series if they do that. Arya needs to kill that guard, by herself, using her wits (dropping the coin) and saying "valar morghulis". Since that's the title of the final episode I'm hoping that this scene will be intact, at least.
549	Dio Forel	2012-05-10	"...No it's not brilliant. And it makes zero sense. What would Ramsay be doing in the Iron Islands? Also, why would the other Ironborn accept him as their own, as if they'd known him for a long while? Do you people actually think these things through or... o_O"Agreed... that is not an arc that needs to have a character like Dag replace Ramsay, or have their roles merged into some synergistic new character plotline.What. I just... ah.... I just can't believe there are people like that. Wow. Inconsistent characters, plot holes, gratuitous sex and lazy writing > ASoIaF. Okay...I disagree that the storyline on the show is surpassing GRRM's story, but this is TV not the books.  We dont have thousands upon thousands of pages to have a story depict every single facet of ASOIAF.  We have minutes/hours to try and show some sort of semblance to the story GRRM told.  Inconsistent characters are only because on screen certain things must be changed to carry the story.  Plot holes are inevitable because there is just no realistic way to follow the true story in such a small amount of time.  Gratuitous sex is fine with me.  Lazy writing I disagree with, its more just bad writing on some fronts.  They tried to do something and failed."Why do you post here? So you can complain about complaints? Get over it! IT'S JUST A MESSAGE BOARD! Get over it and get a girlfriend."Theres a difference between critique in a respectful manner and nitpicking in a disputatious manner.  Compare the difference between Tywin diligently explaining his beliefs and Dany on her childish Targ rant whining and stomping all the way.  There are ways of getting a point across without being so combative.  But I dont hate for that.  Fact is that its the love of the story that causes us to be combative.  Sometimes its hard to see that from the outside.  We are so tied to the story that we just get defensive.  Bottom line is we need the aggressive angry rants as much as the calm & respectful synopsis of each episode.   I, myself, channel all that rage towards GRRM saying our next book will be at least 2-3 yrs away, wtf man.Erm, what? You didn't notice the zombie mob, the arm flying off and the guts spilling out? I didn't notice it on a re-watch or anything, I only saw the episode once and I'm not the most acutely observant of watchers. It was right there.The arm flying was.. interesting... it did seem more like they chewed thru the guy instead of tearing him apart.  That really didnt bother me it just made it more evident how vicious the murder was, but I guess they felt the need to exaggerate the severity.Rockroi already explained why the scene was stupid. Basically, if Jon meant to spare her (and we know he did, he didn't "miss" that sword swing), why was he chasing her? He wasn't going to kill her. He wasn't going to follow her all the way to the wildling camp. He wasn't going to take her back as prisoner to Qhorin, since Qhorin would have killed her. Even if you want to make Jon an indecisive moron (which is a crappy thing to do to the character), the scene still doesn't make sense.Is it really that crappy?  Given his eventual end-result as head of the NW I think it really enhances how controversial his being the head of the NW was.  He did some stupid ish, people didnt exactly consider him the epitome of a leader.  And he missed her thinking okay heres my moment for a love connection to discuss what to do from here and she split.  I think the books version of the events worked better personally, but for what they chose to do it isnt that surprising.  He spared her and she ran away so he wanted to chase her so that his act of 'indiscretion and mercy' didnt come back to haunt him.Why would I trust them when I've found their writing to be lamentable as far as these things are concerned? I'm only pessimistic because they keep making stupid decisions.I just think the problem is saying hey take a 100 hour story and tell it in 9 hours.  Things need to be changed to make it work on-screen.  People always use LOTR as a reference to this book and show.  LOTR was ridiculously successful as a movie trilogy and there were so many changes to the story to fit the timeline and carry a certain time progression standard and atmosphere to the depiction.  If LOTR stayed true to the storyline of the books I sincerely doubt the success wouldve been as great.  The writing isnt lamentable.. the decisions arent stupid... we have unlimited time on here to critique and say how things should be but with a time restraint the writers do not have this luxury while trying to build a world for us to attach ourselves to... coming attractions for the wonderful (sarcsasm) episode of Veep that is an hour away take away from much needed time that could be used to tell the story... It would be nice as well to have the show start on time those extra minutes would surely benefit the writers..Sure, I'm a purist. I want to watch an adaptation of the novels I loved, not a bastardized, badly written fanfiction. I don't hate every single change, just the ones they do poorly. It just happens that this episode had a fuckton of those.Ironic the mention of bastardizing with reference to Jon Snow.  I will have to concede the point that Jon Snows storyline seems to be taking the biggest hit due to time constraints.  I wouldnt say this is a degraded version of the books equivalent to a badly written fanfiction though, that seems somewhat extreme.  We are just dealing with a world that is far too vast to be conveyed in any reasonable manner within 10 (so not 1 full hour) episodes.   HBO is shooting themselves in their respective feet with this as far as i am concerned.  This show has the potential to carry the channel and most of television for years to come.  Ive seen so many shows have 20+ 1 hour episodes in a season that shouldnt have even been able to make more than 5 episodes.  Budgetary concerns need to be addressed and it needs to be that we can have more time to tell this story.  Given the amount of time we are allowed there is no realistic way of telling this story without rushing certain aspects, tweaking certain elements to accommodate the limited timeframe.  Blame HBO not the writers.  Try going out to Vegas for a weekend for crazy parties and to experience everything you never experienced before.  Then try to tell the 72 hour story (Fri thru Sun) in 50 minutes while hitting every key moment of the experience.  Kinda hard to do that isnt it?  In essence, a season is equal to a visual synopsis of each book.  It hits the key points but unfortunately, for the sake of time, many aspects go unnoticed or unmentioned.
					
					
							Edited by Dio Forel, 10 May 2012 - 12:49 AM.
550	salt	2012-05-10	One thing I don't understand- the Tyrell tiny army /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> ?  Littlefinger says its the largest in the realm, after the Starks and Lannisters- suggesting they have less than 20,000 men?  Is there a point to that?
551	David Selig	2012-05-10	In the show most of Tyrell's bannermen joined Stannis after Renly's death, unlike in the book.
552	Arawni	2012-05-10	Now I'm rambling but i want to make it clear that I am not actually trashing the show. On it's own it is great, but as a person who was seriously looking forward to seeing a great series of books turned into a tv show I was and am continually disappointed to find out that I am instead watching a cheap version of fanfiction(it is essentially somebody else's rewrite) even though they have kept the main plot points I get the feeling that they'll continue to skip over some great subplots.A CHEAP version of fanfiction? You call budget of 50-60 millions of dollars CHEAP? If it is a fanfiction, it's a damn expensive fanfiction.And about the second point - that seems to be the problem for many readers of ASOIAF. Seems like they expected to get a filmed version of the books or even felt that produsers are somehow obliged to follow the books exacly because this is what readers wanted. But the thing is that HBO is not doing GoT only for people who have read the whole book series but also to people like me who have NOT read those books. So they make choices that makes it easier for us to follow plot without needing to read those books or go to internet and check who was who ect. For example Tickler and his death in the last episode; people here were right pointing out that nobody of non-readers would remember him anymore in the next season and so his death would mean nothing to us or at least not so much as it means for readers.So, maybe it is a fanfiction but it's a damn good fanfiction. And even though I'll probably get stoned for this I'll say it anyways... I'd choose GoT over the books anyday. I do understand that people love those books but personally I'm just happy that series doesn't follow them in everything. Otherwise one season would last for like 50 episodes instead of 9-10. Who would watch that?
553	Mr Fixit	2012-05-10	In the show most of Tyrell's bannermen joined Stannis after Renly's death, unlike in the book.I'm wondering about that... All the lords of the Reach *are* Tyrell vassals, it's not like they can switch allegiances without batting an eye. The haste with witch Loras and Margaery left implied they feared for their lives. From their own bannermen? Why? That whole plot point I don't quite understand.And if Tyrell army is so weak compared to the Baratheon army, why would Blackwater turn out the way it probably will?
554	Thunderfist	2012-05-10	I'm wondering about that... All the lords of the Reach *are* Tyrell vassals, it's not like they can switch allegiances without batting an eye. The haste with witch Loras and Margaery left implied they feared for their lives. From their own bannermen? Why? That whole plot point I don't quite understand.And if Tyrell army is so weak compared to the Baratheon army, why would Blackwater turn out the way it probably will?DonÂ´t expect the show to make sense, you will only get disappointed
555	legba11	2012-05-10	It's been said a few times that Luck was cancelled due to a third horse dying.  Yes, that's what HBO said.  I'm sure they were saddened by this, and it was the final straw.  However, here is the reason Luck was cancelled. (And some nice news for us)http://paper.li/GameOfThrones
556	boojam	2012-05-10	It's been said a few times that Luck was cancelled due to a third horse dying.  Yes, that's what HBO said.  I'm sure they were saddened by this, and it was the final straw.  However, here is the reason Luck was cancelled. (And some nice news for us)http://paper.li/GameOfThronesYeah quite independent of GOT Luck's ratings were down and it did not look like a 3rd season for it.It was done well but David Milch really only seemed to have enough material for a finite story, I could see it was being stretched by the semi-mob gambling angle but that looked like it could last only so long.I thought Milch's Deadwood was dynamite for two seasons, but once again ... third season started to wander story wise... the cast remained great ... I really don't think Milch had enough story for those two closing movies that never got made.
557	legba11	2012-05-10	Sigh... Deadwood... At least the Bullock spinoff is doing well (Justified), the brilliant Swearinger spinoff (Kings) got 8? episodes.
558	Kvothe the Arcane	2012-05-10	I'm definitely on the "one-of-the-best-episodes-so-far" camp.The sack of Winterfell was really heartbreaking. The contrast of Bran's reactions at the begining when Theon enters his room and during the beheading of Ser Rodrick was a nice touch. The kid is doing a fine acting job. And Theon - there was definitely an "Anakyn Skywalker"-moment there. The expression on his face after he kicks off the head from the body says clearly "There is no turning back". I've actually never liked Theon, but love the drama of his character.Btw, am I the only one who is wondering where Summer is, when Theon comes into Bran's room? They didn't exclusively emphasized in the show that the wolves are held captive in the God's wood, did they?Those wide shots in the second season of the show are really great. Love the scenes north of the Wall. Love to see Ghost again. Qhorin was not exactly how I imagined him and I have a problem with the fact, that Jon was the one who wanted to join Qhorin's group in the show. IIRC Qhorin took the initiative in the books. But I could live with that. Hopefully they will go somewhere with those changes. I can't understand all the complaining about the Jon/Ygritte - scenes. Yes, there are some changes, but I am still positive and prefer to wait and see the purpose of all this. I got from the scene that Jon was hesitating to kill Ygritte (as in the books). I think it was a last-minute decision to cut the rock instead of Ygritte's head, when he realized he cannot kill a woman. But then he panicked and started chasing her without thinking. It was just some rush panicking-reaction imo. I still wonder about the purpose of this change - perhaps it is a setup for the Jon-Ygritte relationship. I just hope they won't change Jon's character in some drastic way. I'm ok with the Jon-scenes so far. The actress playing Ygritte is great and the chemistry between them works so far. I am still convinced that Jon won't go straight to the wildlings-camp without having killed Qhorin.The Arya/Tywin scenes are superb. Those two could really have a show on their own and no one would complain abot that. I am not a Lannister fan (except for Tyrion and a bit of Jaime) so even if Tywin is represented more humanly in the show, I don't like him. Charles Dance is doing a great job though. Don't mind the dialog between him and Arya, don't mind even the hiding game with LF. My only complaint is that we see too much LF and not enough Varys. Want more Varys! Stealing the letter gave Arya a good reason to choose the second death. It was more plausible for the non-book readers that way imo.The riot scene in KL was very intense. I don't mind the lack of hourses. The anger of the crowd, the panick of the nobles - I just bought it. My only complaint was that Joff got slapped only once.Dany's scenes were at least interesting for me as always. I enjoyed how condescendig the spice merchant was. And the whole "I will burn this and that... " is really starting to go on my nerves. The stealing of the dragons didn't wake any emotions. We all know she is going to have her dragons back at the House of Undying. I still have some hope for the prophesies left.Robb, oh Robb, you trully are a King! I hate that the show made Robb such a lovable character. I liked him in the books, but the second season showed him in a really good light. Now I like him even more in the show. I have no doubts that Jane is the beautiful nurse. Still not sure what the purpose of the whole hiding of her personality is. I gues we'll have to wait and see.Imho this episode was really dynamic, dramatic, showed some very important moments and despite all the changes from the series, it was really great.Totally agree about the nurse being Jane Westerling, I would imagine she is concealing her identity as she is from a Lannister bannerman house in the northern army, plus a noblewoman at that, it would enable her to interact amongst the troops a lot more. Also, it creates a sense of intrigue for her character to help the audience connect with her, which is needed given her importance in the storyline.
559	Carne	2012-05-10	Amrita Acharia (Irri) said they filmed a scene where she was strangled to death, but they cut it because it revealed the killer.
560	sarah.jenice	2012-05-10	I've seen numerous comments regarding the death of the High Septon on multiple fan and other sites reviewing the episode, and I've been wanting to set the record straight on his death. People have called the crowd zombies and really said a lot of negative things about that scene, but I was fairly certain that happened to him in the book, but it has taken me this long to get my hands on my copy.A Clash of Kings - Tyrion Page 599(Jacelyn Bywater delivers the death toll to Tyrion)The list of the slain was topped by the High Septon, ripped apart as he squealed to his gods for mercy. Starving men take a hard view of priests too fat to walk, Tyrion reflected.I know the scene was pretty jarring, and I am not sure how a crowd could rip someone's limbs off with their bare hands, but it did come from the book.
561	Evamitchelle	2012-05-10	I've seen numerous comments regarding the death of the High Septon on multiple fan and other sites reviewing the episode, and I've been wanting to set the record straight on his death. People have called the crowd zombies and really said a lot of negative things about that scene, but I was fairly certain that happened to him in the book, but it has taken me this long to get my hands on my copy.A Clash of Kings - Tyrion Page 599(Jacelyn Bywater delivers the death toll to Tyrion)The list of the slain was topped by the High Septon, ripped apart as he squealed to his gods for mercy. Starving men take a hard view of priests too fat to walk, Tyrion reflected.I know the scene was pretty jarring, and I am not sure how a crowd could rip someone's limbs off with their bare hands, but it did come from the book.I was more surprised by how quickly they managed to rip his arm off. It's like he kinda fell/was carried to the ground and in the next two seconds some guy was brandishing his arm as a trophy.
562	Brewmaster	2012-05-10	A bunch of people have posed the question about how Rob & Co. could know that Rodrick was killed, since Luwin sent the raven before the execution.
You seem to forget that after the execution, Theon told Luwin to send ravens out to inform people that he's taken Winterfell.
563	unRobert	2012-05-10	With SOS across 2 seasons it's going to seem weird for Bran's travel from Winterfell to the wall to take 2-3 seasons after the viewers are used to characters moving from any part of the kingdoms to another in a single episode.
564	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-10	With SOS across 2 seasons it's going to seem weird for Bran's travel from Winterfell to the wall to take 2-3 seasons after the viewers are used to characters moving from any part of the kingdoms to another in a single episode.I guess he'll have a lot less screen time over the next few seasons anyway, doesn't get much book either.
565	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-10	Hopefully by then he will have found a nice sharp knife to shave off his mustache.
566	Ser Greguh	2012-05-10	I don't get why they went for a 10 episode format. The show would've benefited immensely from a 12 episode format.D&D have said on more than one occasion that they would love to have more episodes per season from a storytelling standpoint (although 10 episodes was about right for S1, I think), but that they are physically unable to produce more than 10 episodes per year.  This is understandable given the rather extreme variety of locations, and the enormous scope of the production (horses, costumes, extras, and at least this season the promise of a rather epic battle sequence).
567	Ran	2012-05-10	Yep. 10 episodes is literally all they can manage without using a lot more resources. They're already running two units at the same time for a great part of the time.
I'm trying to get an interview setup with some production people who will, I think, help illuminate that aspect of the show and give it context.
568	Roose Seal	2012-05-10	Oh okay I thought this was a purely arbitrary decision from the execs. It's understandable, considering how period pieces like this must be insanely expensive compared to your average 12 season shows (dexter, breaking bad or mad men for instance, not that these shows have bad production values, on the contrary, but yeah probably way less expensive)
569	shadow of death	2012-05-10	One thing about the mob of commoners.  In the books it was more built up how the city gates are closed and they are preparing to be invaded by stannis or renly.  Because of this the peasants are starving and are on the verge of revolt from within the city.  In the show it just seems more like they hate king Joff.
570	legba11	2012-05-10	I have no idea how they are going to keep veiwers interested in Bran for the next 4? seasons (2 SOS, 2 FFC+DWD).  To be honest very little happens in his story line of any interest. This will draw ire here, but I really find his character arc to become pointless after CoK. (Which is a shame)
D&D say they can only do 10 episodes, and I don't doubt it's a TON of work.  However, I think this is mostly just making their bosses look good.
571	WetHair	2012-05-10	Probably a stupid question but does it cost any less adding 5 minutes to each episode than it would to film an 11th episode?  Even 5 more minutes would make a difference and since it's HBO I don't think they absolutely have to end at a certain time like regular broadcast TV.
572	SnowStorm	2012-05-10	I can't believe they killed Irri of all people! /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> I thought she was bulletproof because of her future lesbian scenes with Danny, but it looks like they're setting up Doreah for that... Who will tell us that something "is known" now?!
Well, at least we saw Lollys! I was afraid they'd cut her.
edit: Oh and I'm really enjoying the Quarth scenes. They're hilarious!
					
					
							Edited by SnowStorm, 10 May 2012 - 01:26 PM.
573	imladolen	2012-05-10	Hats off to whoever came up with Dagmer=Ramsay.That's brilliant. It makes perfect sense. Dagmer already seems to take over Reeks function at Theon's side. And it would explain why they didn't cast Ramsay. They actually did, right under our noses. Sneaky bastards.I really like this idea, but wasn't Dagmer with Theon before he left Pyke?  Why would Ramsey be on the Iron Isles?I don't agree with the theory myself, but too many people seem to be missing what the theory is saying. The way I read it is not that Dagmer literally is Ramsay, but that he will fill some of Ramsay's role (pushing Theon into flaying the miller's boys and claiming they are Bran and Rickon).
574	Michaelj	2012-05-10	A chimpanzee has the strength to rip off an arm off a human so I can believe that a group of rioters can rip off an arm if they all tore it together.. As unlikely as it seems.
575	Rockroi	2012-05-10	I have no idea how they are going to keep veiwers interested in Bran for the next 4? seasons (2 SOS, 2 FFC+DWD). To be honest very little happens in his story line of any interest. This will draw ire here, but I really find his character arc to become pointless after CoK. (Which is a shame)I think Bran's story is going to morph a lot into what Jon's has been- just sort a trudging along.  After he gets through the Wall I envision him actually getting played by another actor (ie: Octavius in Rome) and only as a menial part (sort of like a guest star) for ADwD (which I would imagine would be interspersed and combined with AFfC- there is LITERALLY no way this show can go anywhere if Peter Dinkledge is not in every episode). I think once Bran's part of the story becomes more centered and pronounced he will be reintroduced as probably a re-imagined character (ie- the way he appears to be moving in the books).And this all seems natural; Martin has stated time and time again that the hardest character for him tow rite is Bran; that his youth combined with his isolation have made it a challenge.  If its a challenge for Martin (the guy who created the character) its going to be a character for anyone else.
576	The Monkey	2012-05-10	I got a wacky theory. In the scene between Arya and Tywin, where the latter discusses his relationship with his father, he says something like: "He loved us. He   was a good man, but a weak man. So weak he nearly destroyed our House and Name." I think this is supposed to reflect Arya's views on her own father, Ned. She is beginning to see how foolish he was to expect his own honour to be mirrored in everyone else. And as we are witnessing throughout the five novels, Arya's storyline drives her in a direction that she will end up to be just as cruel and ruthless as Tywin is. By putting the two of them together, D&D are essentially trying to show that they have the same personalities, only differentiated by 50 years.
577	Morrigan	2012-05-11	I've seen numerous comments regarding the death of the High Septon on multiple fan and other sites reviewing the episode, and I've been wanting to set the record straight on his death. People have called the crowd zombies and really said a lot of negative things about that scene, but I was fairly certain that happened to him in the book,It does say he was "ripped apart" but that could have been metaphorical in the sense that he got trampled to death and dismembered after, it didn't mean it should have been taken literally and that he'd get his fat arm torn off in seconds. On-screen it just looked ridiculous and cartoony.By putting the two of them together, D&D are essentially trying to show that they have the same personalities, only differentiated by 50 years. Lol, "same personalities"... you're on crack.
578	The Monkey	2012-05-11	Lol, "same personalities"... you're on crack.Not at the moment, no, but are you denying that Arya's story is taking her in that direction?
579	legba11	2012-05-11	I'm not for flinging insults, but I don't see any merit behind your theory.  Still it's fun to come up with stuff like that, and that's what drives forums like this.
580	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-11	I got a wacky theory. In the scene between Arya and Tywin, where the latter discusses his relationship with his father, he says something like: "He loved us. He   was a good man, but a weak man. So weak he nearly destroyed our House and Name." I think this is supposed to reflect Arya's views on her own father, Ned. She is beginning to see how foolish he was to expect his own honour to be mirrored in everyone else. And as we are witnessing throughout the five novels, Arya's storyline drives her in a direction that she will end up to be just as cruel and ruthless as Tywin is. By putting the two of them together, D&D are essentially trying to show that they have the same personalities, only differentiated by 50 years.I think Ned was naive, but not weak.  Of course, Arya may think differently, particularly since because of her father's failure to protect her (or himself), she's become an outlaw at the age of 12 (in the show), endangered and exposed, and pretty much on her own.  We don't know much about Tywin as a boy; except that he spoke up against his father to protest his sister's betrothal to a Frey.  I do think that book-Arya is well on her way to becoming as ruthless as Tywin; but there's still hope that she may still leave the Faceless cult and return and reunite with what's left of her family, before she has completely compromised Stark family values.
581	Morrigan	2012-05-11	Not at the moment, no, but are you denying that Arya's story is taking her in that direction?Yes, I'm denying that she's turning into Tywin and that she ever resented Ned for being "weak" (also, he wasn't). Next question?
582	Maester Hodor	2012-05-11	I got a wacky theory. In the scene between Arya and Tywin, where the latter discusses his relationship with his father, he says something like: "He loved us. He   was a good man, but a weak man. So weak he nearly destroyed our House and Name." I think this is supposed to reflect Arya's views on her own father, Ned. She is beginning to see how foolish he was to expect his own honour to be mirrored in everyone else. And as we are witnessing throughout the five novels, Arya's storyline drives her in a direction that she will end up to be just as cruel and ruthless as Tywin is. By putting the two of them together, D&D are essentially trying to show that they have the same personalities, only differentiated by 50 years.I think you're way off on this. I believe Tywin talks about his father so the viewer can know more about Tywin Lannister. For those who don't read the books, they wouldn't know Tywin's father was a weak man. Comparing Arya to Tywin is just silly. And also, Ned wasn't weak /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
583	The Monkey	2012-05-11	Next question?Would you rather be a ghost or a zombie when you die?
584	Mista C	2012-05-11	On Parks & Rec last night, Andy made a list of all the places that he would like to live if he had to leave Pawnee... they were all written on an easel, and when they flipped the page, "Winterfell" was at the top of the list!  Great shout-out to Thrones!
585	Silverx2	2012-05-11	Not at the moment, no, but are you denying that Arya's story is taking her in that direction?Cruel and ruthless? faceless men are the complete opposite. Kill only the person you are meant too, harm nobody else.A number of times tywin has been said to be willing to do anything. For instance Battle of the bells "Tywin would have burned that entire villiage to the ground" where as griff mearly offered people rewards for turning over robert.Thats the difference. Twin is ruthless and cruel, Arya is Cold and calculating, and precise.Twyin could have had robbs food posioned at the red wedding, but instead he kill most of the norths party.
					
					
							Edited by Silverx2, 11 May 2012 - 03:21 PM.
586	Leuf	2012-05-11	On Parks & Rec last night, Andy made a list of all the places that he would like to live if he had to leave Pawnee... they were all written on an easel, and when they flipped the page, "Winterfell" was at the top of the list!  Great shout-out to Thrones!Winterfell really is lovely this time of year.  The way the evening light illuminates the last of the crops rotting in the fields because there's no one to harvest them.  The way the wind gently rustles through the godswood, mostly drowning out the cries of the women being raped.  There's a crispness in the air that leads one to just lean their head back to absorb the last days of the long summer, and get a good look at the tarred heads of the children on spikes.  But book your vacation soon, winter is coming!
587	boojam	2012-05-11	I have no idea how they are going to keep veiwers interested in Bran for the next 4? seasons (2 SOS, 2 FFC+DWD).  To be honest very little happens in his story line of any interest. This will draw ire here, but I really find his character arc to become pointless after CoK. (Which is a shame)You won't get any argument from me. Bran's journey is interesting enough. But once he gets there he gonna turn into a tree, wow what a jam packed adventure that will be!
588	Pliskin	2012-05-11	You won't get any argument from me. Bran's journey is interesting enough. But once he gets there he gonna turn into a tree, wow what a jam packed adventure that will be!He became just the most powerful man in the world. A god. Capable of interacting with every PoV in Westeros.But yeah, it will be really boring, sure.../sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />
589	boojam	2012-05-11	Would you rather be a ghost or a zombie when you die?I'd rather be Porky Pig.
590	Morrigan	2012-05-11	Would you rather be a ghost or a zombie when you die?Ghost, of course! But vampire would be best.
591	Ambeon	2012-05-13	This was the best episode of the season so far for me. So much awesomeness from the very beginning to the end!The Good:I freaking squealed out loud at Roose's mention of his bastard at the Dreadfort. YES! Ramsay is coming. Maybe not this season, but he surely is coming...and I can't wait to meet that sick bastard fuck on tv. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Fucking loved Ygritte. The actress looks great and she really sold herself as Ygritte to me. She's so adorable in her big furs. Ygritte, my girl.. can't blame her for trying. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> She cracked me up with her grinding and Jon's reaction to her was priceless. I adored this couple in the books and so far I'm already loving them on the show.I'm totally digging Dany's side plot. Its interesting and Emilia would have gone to waste this season if they kept her story by the book, being that she didn't really have a whole lot except the HotU. I wonder if Doreah betrayed her...I'm sad that Irri died because I liked her /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> . I like the sassy spice king. I do love Dany, but its good to not have everybody immediately kiss her ass just because she's a Targ, has dragons, etc... I also find Xaro ten times much more interesting and appealing on the show, than in the book. He annoyed the hell out of me in the books.Theon taking Winterfell was heart-wrenching and conflicting for me. I was so sad for Bran and Rickon and their actors really sold their grief and despair at loosing Ser Rodrik(who went out like a boss). It was conflicting because Theon being a fav of mine, I still hated seeing this happen. He was so stupid, desperate, pathetic, and unnecessarily brutal, yet I can still see the very deep, sad, and human motives for his gigantic and consecutive fuck ups. Also:Also: Oh, hi Brienne! Tywin and Arya continue to rock. Jaqen continues to be a sexy beast. Sandor saving Sansa...  /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />.The Bad:Alas, there was no "Brotherfucker!". I really wanted that included, but oh well, at least Joff gets the shit thrown in his face. No shirtless Genry or Jaqen bath scene... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />The Shallow:Robb is hot and Talisa/Jeyne/whatever is pretty. That's all I gotta say about that.Jaqen is freaking smoldering!(In case I forgot to say that)Dagmer has a sexy voice /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />Actually, the mob did scream brotherfucker, you can faintly hear it just as they escort Cersei into the red keep : p
592	WinterfellRose	2012-05-13	I'd like to say, while I liked the episode as a whole, I really enjoyed the subtleties, the little things that emphasize the story or characters, something you might not see on first watching but it's there. Such as....I liked the parallel between Ned's and Sir Rodrick's beheading, namely how Maester Luwin shielded Rickon from seeing it, such as Yoren shielded Arya from seeing it last season...I liked how Tywin received LF.... did not bother calling him Lord, just... 'Baelish'... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I liked Joff's question about Bran being a prince.... Well, he kind of is actually, but good on Sansa to say no.....I liked how during the riot scene Tyrion picked up that shit is coming and ordered Tommen back to safety before it begun....I loved Sandor rescuing Sansa....how he steadied himself for a second after killing the last guy before turning back to her to say she's all right...I loved how his voice quivered a bit when he brought her back to the keep and was telling them she is injured...I liked the way how Tywin was portrayed when talking about his father, suddenly he seemed like an old tired man, fighting a war, having to deal with incompetent soldiers and so on.....it was really getting to him at that moment I think...I don't really care about Dany anymore, I tend to skip her chapters when re-reading and I find myself skipping her scenes when re-watching.... But I have to say I loved the spice king putting her in her place.... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />)))
593	Chelly	2012-05-13	Actually, the mob did scream brotherfucker, you can faintly hear it just as they escort Cersei into the red keep : pOh word! I must have missed it. Now I must rewatch and listen for it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
594	BlackTalon	2012-05-14	I liked how during the riot scene Tyrion picked up that shit is coming and ordered Tommen back to safety before it begun....something else I have noticed ... just where exactly is Tyrion ordering Tommen to be brought??? The company was on their way back to the Red Keep from th harbour, were they not? Not the other way round. So if Joffrey and the others are continuing to the castle - is Tommen being brought back to the harbour or what to wait out he riot on the wharfs??? Another instance of thoughtless sloppy writing IMHO.
595	Edmund Cardinal	2012-05-14	I have two questions, one regarding Osha's behaviour toward Theon once he's taken Winterfell, and one regarding Cersei and Tyrion.
Why doesn't she killed him in his sleep before escaping with Bran and Rickon? Maybe there are things skipped in the show that were in the book, explaining this, but I haven't read the books yet. I will start shortly though.
Same for the decision Tyrion made of sending Myrcella to Dorne, wasn't it just a trap to see which of the member or the small council was phony? What if Baelish had told the Queen, would Tyrion have sent the girl to the Eyries? And how come Cersei cannot stop it? Where is Jeoffrey in all this?
By the way, I miss characters like Varys...
Beside that, I find Jon Snow more and more annoying, his relationship with his prisoner just doesn't sound right. There is something "fake" about it, and I guess the neat face of that sweet ginger girl doesn't help the picture being realistic.
On the bright side, I like the Tywin/Arya duo, it's a very interesting situation where they both get to know each other but always with that underlying tension because of Arya's real indentity.
Tyrion is clever and quite daring, but with a kind heart, which is a bit of fresh air in the stench of King's Landing and his king.
The execution of Rodrick by Theon is for me the most powerfull moment of the episode, and his last words "Gods help you Theon Greyjoy, now you are truly lost" echoe to my ear everytime I see him. The actor Alfie Allen really does an amazing job.
					
					
							Edited by Edmund Cardinal, 14 May 2012 - 10:40 AM.
596	J_Crews	2012-05-14	I have two questions, one regarding Osha's behaviour toward Theon once he's taken Winterfell, and one regarding Cersei and Tyrion.Why doesn't she killed him in his sleep before escaping with Bran and Rickon? Maybe there are things skipped in the show that were in the book, explaining this, but I haven't read the books yet. I will start shortly though.Osha isn't the one in his bed in the book; it's just some random girl he's using for a bed-warmer.  The show combined them, both to give Osha more to do as well as to avoid casting another actress whose salary would needlessly eat budget $$$.Same for the decision Tyrion made of sending Myrcella to Dorne, wasn't it just a trap to see which of the member or the small council was phony? What if Baelish had told the Queen, would Tyrion have sent the girl to the Eyries? And how come Cersei cannot stop it? Where is Jeoffrey in all this?He used her marriage for the trick, but he intended to offer her to Dorne all along.  In the book, he stays with Pycelle until the raven is sent.  Thus far, Dorne has stayed out of the war and he's trying to win their spears for the Lannister side.  Cersei is Regent, but Tyrion is the Hand of the King, and she can't rescind the offer without insulting Dorne -- Joff is underage, so they both overrule him, but he couldn't care less about Myrcella anyway.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 14 May 2012 - 05:44 PM.
597	Bronn son of Bronn	2012-05-16	much discussion of book vs tv authenticity, but I'm rather glad the depiction of Osha naked wasn't too authentic  ;-)
not sure how they;r going to drag the Jon/Ygritte story back on track though without Quorin
					
					
							Edited by Bron son of Bron, 16 May 2012 - 06:19 PM.
598	J_Crews	2012-05-16	much discussion of book vs tv authenticity, but I'm rather glad the depiction of Osha naked wasn't too authentic  ;-)not sure how they;r going to drag the Jon/Ygritte story back on track though without QuorinHave faith.  We'll be seeing Quorin again.
599	Catelyn	2012-05-19	I'm so disappointed because of the absence of Meera and Jojen...and also Dany's storyline isn't that great in the show (even less than the one in the books in my opinion).
600	J_Crews	2012-05-19	I'm so disappointed because ... {snip} ... Dany's storyline isn't that great in the show (even less than the one in the books in my opinion).I'm holding out some faith for Dany.  She basically did nothing in ACoK (she only had, I think, 5 chapters in the whole book, which is why they added so much non-book stuff to this season, in an effort just to give her something to do), so the jury is still out, asaic.  We'll have to see what happens with her story next season and beyond.
601	jcruz	2012-10-12	great episode. however am i the only one who rolled my eyes when dany started with the "I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN TARGARYEN........." speech?
602	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-03-17	I'm re-watching S2 on Blu-Ray and thought I'd comment on each episode w/ their respective special features as I go. Yes, I know there's a general S2 blu-ray thread, but it's a long and unwieldy beast. I'm wondering what people think about each episode after a second viewing and w/ the added bonus of the commentaries, histories, maps, etc.No new histories at all, just one's from previous episodes, but the one's narrated by Ygritte on the Night's Watch and Free Folk (wildlings) were so good I watched them again.. The audio commentary on this is very good, too. Jon and Ygritte (Kit and Rose) share some great stories about on and off the set in Iceland. Writer Vanessa Taylor is there as well and she's a bit annoying. Apparently she labored hard in research on several speeches (one by Tywin and the other by a septon) that only ended up being background in their scenes. Also, she was on set in Belfast a lot and seemed to question the director a lot--so I'm sure he'd back me up here in her annoyingness. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by PetyrPunkinhead, 17 March 2013 - 01:42 AM.
603	Ran	2012-05-06	What'd you think?
604	Greyjoy67	2012-05-06	Best of the series so far. Easily. A good 9/10. A lot more action, longer scenes, people moving. A couple of the previous episodes (not all) buzzed around too much.
Winterfell scenes were fantastic, and Ser Rodrik had a great death. Bran's screaming; Luwin's plea - it was like a punch in the gut. Fantastic acting all round.
Riot scene was very well done too, and Tyrion nailed the part from the book where he just loses it at Joffrey. 
Ygritte is great. Arya's scenes were great, and Baelish turning up actually worked quite nicely - revealed a bit of Tywin's backstory to the audience, established where the Tyrells are and provided some more great Maisie-Charles Dance moments. 
They've also given the Dany story some oomph finally, because I must admit I didn't give a toss about her in the first few of the series. 
What else? "Talisa" is slamming, and a certain bastard is confirmed to appear at some point. YASS.
605	SelaBela	2012-05-06	I freaking. LOVED this episode! Things are actually happening! I was on the edge of my seat during Tywin/Arya scenes, does he know? Does he not know!? AHH! So good!  Jon/Ygritte had me cracking up so bad! I think the riot scene was very well done, even though they weren't on horses.  I LOVED the Hound/Sansa.  For a second I thought they were going to turn Sansa into Lollys.. but phew!
RIP Ser Rodrik!
ETA: Also, excellent to know that they aren't getting rid of the Bastard of Bolton!!! Glad they aren't combining Roose/Reek.
					
					
							Edited by SelaBela, 06 May 2012 - 09:11 PM.
606	Fez	2012-05-06	Wasn't actually the biggest fan of this one; definitely not nearly as good as last week's. Scenes felt like they were just happening because they "were supposed to" and not properly connected to the series as a whole. I didn't mind the changes from the book though (series =/= books, etc., etc.) and I was happy to get confirmation that Ramsay Snow still exists.
I think part of my problem with this episode was there was too much Theon and whiny Dany (seriously girl, you've shown a lot of maturity in the past; can you not act like a spoiled pre-teen please?) and not enough Tyrion or Arya.
Gave it 7. I might've given it a 6, but my opinion of the episodes almost always improves on a re-watch and so I'm hedging my bets.
607	SelaBela	2012-05-06	OH! And I don't really mind that they're adding some oomph to Dany's story line.  Was that Pyat Pree carrying the dragons?
608	MMOWarrior	2012-05-06	The first ten minutes were the most intense of season two so far..  This episode did a lot to advance the story.. Scene after scene had the emotion you experience when reading the book..
609	Died a Hero	2012-05-06	8
I liked the riot, but hated seeing Myrcella crying as she left. She wouldn't/didn't do that. It looks like the Dog's make-up was done better this season, and his rescue was perfect. The siege of Winterfell was a bit rushed, but all and all done nicely. The beheading was brutal, Theon kicking the stubborn head from its shoulders, and Bran's reaction was perfect. Plus, Shaggydog! Arya's scenes are always prefect, and it was cool how they got Tywin's father story out there without stumbling around with it. Not to mention the dart in the neck just as the guy hit the front door. If you're going to move away from the script, this is how you do it. I loved hearing that the Bastard (no, never bastard, you mustn't call him that!) of Bolton will be involved and not just his father rushing back up. The north scenes were ok. I'm not sure why they couldn't have just stuck to the script, but whatever, I guess Jon needed some cock-teasing. But now I'm convinced both David's secretly hate Dany and will do everything in their power to make her story almost unbearable to watch. I love Emilia Clarke, and think she does amazing things with the crap they give her, but this episode really was a low point for poor Dany. She refuses to beg...let's make her beg. She never takes her eyes off her dragons...let's get someone to steal them. Ugg...
Brought what would have easily been a nine, maybe even a ten episode, down to an eight.
610	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	I gave it a seven. A good episode, but not the best. The Winterfell scenes were done brilliantly, but there were a few problems.  And no, they are not for me just where the show diverges from the books.  I like Ygritte's character, but, and this is probably my main gripe of the episode, I thought it was confusing if Jon tried to kill her and missed or purposely didn't kill her.   Compare that to Theon's beheading of Rodrik and it nearly makes Jon look as pathetic as Theon did when we all think back to how cleanly Ned killed Gared in the first episode.  
Other than that though, I really loved the Winterfell scenes.  So glad to hear that Ramsey will be included (please let the Reeds be too), loved the Riot scene and especially Tyrion's rage, and (although a little weird) I liked the Littlefinger/Arya/Tywin scene.  
Looking back now, I probably should have given it an 8.
611	boojam	2012-05-06	Prety much straight down the line, best parts of George's story survive.
Well Arya made better choices than George did.
Now we can get Weasel Soup, lord I hope so.
Ok that said, I had wondered what they would do with Qarth, because except for The House of the Undying and a little of the finale , I thought Qarth was a dead fish in the novel. I thought they would punch it up some way. Lord know how they have reconstructed Georges narrative, I think the House of the undying will have more meaning now. Can't wait.
Loved the way they kept the Hound and Sansa sequence, even better than the novel.
Applause for Sibel Kekilli , that one sequence shows she can act!
Lord they just have too much drama to stuff into 10 hours, and old refrain.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 06 May 2012 - 09:34 PM.
612	Lord Godric	2012-05-06	Prety much straight down the line, best parts of George's story survive.I agree with this immensely.  And when it comes down to how much I care about the level that the show "remains true" to the books this is all that matters.  That Martin's story and the essence of his characters survive.
613	nothatso	2012-05-06	Gave it my first 10. I feel like you'd have to be extremely nitpicky to give it anything below an 8. Just my opinion.
614	BoX	2012-05-06	worst episode ever!
615	bikie	2012-05-06	best of the year for me, gave it a solid 9... if I had to nitpick, I thought the hound's fighting was a little too "terminator" like and if I never hear dany's threats again, it will be too soon... would have been a 10 but I still think the show has room to be even better... that hour went by like 10 minutes though... great stuff...
616	Laohu	2012-05-06	I personally think Bryan Cogman and Vanessa Taylor's episodes have been the best so far this season. That is not to take credit away from D&D, but just an interesting fact I noticed. As has been mentioned before, D&D has taken the hardest parts of the story to adapt for their own episodes. Still, episode 6 was great.
Here's to hoping we can see the ratings and audience numbers continue to rise!
617	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-06	I waffled between a 7 and an 8, gave it an 8 because I felt the strengths of the episode in the end won over the weaknesses.  Theon taking Winterfell was incredible.  Probably the most intense scene yet in the series and the best opening scene by a wide margin.  I was absolutely gutted by Rodrik's execution sequence - the performances and direction were just as visceral and disturbing as such a scene warrants.  Mind blowing.The entire KL riot sequence was fantastic and very much brought to life one of the most memorable scenes from ACOK.  Tyrion/Joff and San/San were both awesome beyond words.  Also, hats off to Lena Headey's ice queen turn with Tyrion at the docks...understated and powerful.  I was climbing the walls during the LF/Tywin/Arya scene.  Tywin said something about the Tyrells but I didn't hear a word of it.  Cheap thrills maybe, but thrilling nonetheless.  Great television.  I'm certain LF knows who Arya is since he managed to get a pretty good look at her when she spilled the wine.  Plus, of course, she spoke.  Wouldn't surprise me that LF would keep this information to himself, knowing full well the value of exclusive information.  The 2nd Arya/Tywin scene was pretty good as well, although I find it difficult to believe Arya wouldn't have thought her cover story ahead any further than she apparently did, and furthermore that Tywin continues to buy her obvious lies and misdirections (or at least not react to them).  Jon and Ygritte's stuff was good, not great.  I'm not wild (pardon the pun) about the story deviation from the book, i.e. Jon not letting Ygritte go.  I do think Rose Leslie will make a good Ygritte, though.  She certainly seems to understand the spirit of the character.THRILLED that Roose is sending Ramsay to retake Winterfell.  If this means we get Ramsay next season and beyond then it's outstanding news.Dany's conclusion scene - well,the story deviation here sets up a very real and distinct conflict for her to resolve in Qarth, which would have been more difficult to pull off if the source material had been followed to the letter.  But, something about it feels sloppy.  I have to admit that just last week, during the scene with Dany and her handmaidens I wondered about the security of the dragons, but didn't think the showrunners would actually go there at this point in the story.  Feels like they're rushing things.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt for now, but hopefully they'll have a creative solution for resolving this.  Also, incidentally, I thought Emilia Clarke chewed the scenery a bit too hard in the scene with the Spice King.  Dany is a melodramatic character by design, but she pushed it a little too hard for my liking in that scene.The Arya/Lorch scene was another one that seemed unnecessarily rushed and silly.  Pretty much an awful way for Jaqen to chalk up kill #2 (incidentally, Jaqen is almost completely wasted in this episode, which is also a shame).  Arya snatching the message was beyond stupid and reckless and seemed like a contrivance to get the scene going.  In the end, one genuinely bad scene wasn't enough to ruin the episode for me. Oh and - although it'd be obvious to label Talisa as a spy (Robb even mentions it, tongue-in-cheek), it would still surprise me if she isn't.
618	zippypoodle	2012-05-06	That episode was all kinds of awesome.In fact, it was objectively awesome.Anyone who disagrees is simply wrong.10And I must say I am highly disappointed in the people who write the analysis for this site. I doubt I'll read any more of their drivel.  Despite their attempt to disguise it, they are clearly book purists.
					
					
							Edited by zippypoodle, 06 May 2012 - 11:23 PM.
619	smo	2012-05-06	That was a great episode!  LOVED it!  They just seem to be getting better and better.  The scenes with Jon were great.  Arya was great.  Tyrio and Joff were amazing as ususal.  And everything at Winterfell was perfect.  I can't believe there are only 4 left for this season.  How long will we have to wait for the next season?
620	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2012-05-06	Had to think about the episode before I decided to rate it an 8. Wasn't sure how I felt about all the changes but really was on the edge of my seat pretty much the whole time....Winterfell scenes were great!!!
621	A Time for Wolves	2012-05-06	Loved this episode in so many ways. Gave it a 9.
622	Tadco26	2012-05-06	The episode started so strong and fell off the tracks so hard, it's a shame.  It really is turning more and more into a story inspired by the books more so than trying to adapt them faithfully.  I was hoping that season 2 would try to be at least as faithful as season 1 if not more so, but it seems the opposite is the case.
Bran and Theon's scenes were all great over all.  A great adaptation that kept the spirit of the books even with it's changes.  Nitpicking, I did wonder why Rodrick returned alone to Winterfell when he left with 200 men.  Osha's changes worked overall and I am glad they are able to get the wolves more screen time.
Likewise the riot scenes and all the Kings Landing scenes worked out well.  There was a Kingsguard visable on the boat with Myrcella which was a nice touch even if he wasn't named.  It looks like that was supposed to be the high septon praying as she left, and I belive he was the one who lost his arm, though I saw no crown so maybe I am wrong.  The tone, and overall action fit well and we got some more screen time for the Hound and Sansa.  Even the Shae and Sansa scene worked out pretty well despite me not being a fan of TV Shae.
Jon's story started out well up to the point that he "missed" his swing and Ygritte escaped, rather than being let go.  Now even that would have been acceptable, if she had actually escaped.  But now she is his prisoner and one has to wonder what changes this is going to lead to.  We already know that Qhorin wants to kill her, so waiting for the other Nights Watch to show only delays her death.  They already made it clear they don't have the food or manpower to guard her as a living prisoner.  So what is Jon's plan in keeping her tied up, and just as importantly why did the writers decide to change this?
	Spoiler Is Jon going to join the wildlings now?  It would be a huge change for him to join them under any other circumstances than Qhorin's orders.

Arya's story line in Harrenhal is almost completely original at this point.  The only real similarities are she is at Harrenhal which is under Lannister control, Gendry is a blacksmith and Jaqen has offered to kill 3 people for her.  TV Tywin certainly is forgiving of lieing cupbearers.  Littlefinger teleports to Harrenhal from Renly's camp, and appears to recognize Arya, but that is up to interpretation.  I have to say I expected Littlefinger to stay with the Tyrell's and negotiate from there, maybe send a raven to Kings Landing or Harrenhal.  Arya sees a piece of paper that mentions Robb and for some reason decides to take it, and doesn't bother hiding it in a pocket or something, leading to the contrived death of Ser Amory by dart at Tywin's door, very sloppy for Jaqen considering all his kills before weasel soup look like accidents, but he was rushed.  Still he looks very much like a normal man who kills people rather than a mystical assasin at this point.  We miss out on the "magical" nature of Weasel's own dog killing him as well as Amory's death by bear.   A
s for Ser Amory mailing Tywin's battleplans to the wrong lord.. Why would Amory personally be sending ravens and how did he get the idea to send it to the wrong one?  To send it to ANY lord he would have to have some ability to read or interpret, or did he just pick a lord from a hat and mail it off and "hope" that was the right one?  How does Tywin know that the wrong lord got it?  Certainly one of Robb's lords would not send a mail confirmation...  At best Tywin would get news from the intended lord that he never recieved the letter which could be due to any number of reasons.  Unless the letter was never sent, and some one caught the mistake before it left, which is not the impression I got watching it.
Dany's story is completely off the tracks now and many of the scenes play out like parodies of the book, with Dany throwing temper tantrums and while the Spice King's general reply was both logical and convincing, Dany's actions and attitude make her look like a moron more often than not, which is not the impression I got of her at this point in her story reading.  Losing the dragons and what appears to be most of her people makes one wonder, if she can't keep them safe even with Xaro's guards (at least in the books), then how will she possibly do so with most of her people killed?  Also they have completely dropped the whole part where people from all over the city were coming to visit Dany and give her gifts and tribute in exchange for seeing the dragons.
The episode had some really outstanding scenes, some of them were among the best of the entire series.  It was fairly entertaining TV and some of it was even great, but the liberties they are taking with parts of the story, and in particular changes which will require even more changes in the future, are making this the least faithful adaptation of the books yet and unfortunately none of the major changes were for the better in my eyes.
623	zippypoodle	2012-05-07	The episode started so strong and fell off the tracks so hard, it's a shame. It really is turning more and more into a story inspired by the books more so than trying to adapt them faithfully. I was hoping that season 2 would try to be at least as faithful as season 1 if not more so, but it seems the opposite is the case.Once again, I completely disagree. No changes of any true relevance, especially not enough to justify a claim that its becoming merely inspired by the books.none of the major changes were for the better in my eyes.	Other than the dragon theft, there weren't any major changes. And I'm confident that will turn out for the best.
624	Michaelj	2012-05-07	I don't like the guys who do analysis on this site. They are too much of book purists... I will read my reviews on ign, perfect 10 and I agree!
625	extravadanza	2012-05-07	i am confused, is talisa supposed to be jeyne westerling? and if so can any1 explain the deviation?!?!
626	akajea	2012-05-07	The killing of Amory Lorch was a great idea, although a bit poorly executed. They needed a way to expend Arya's second kill on someone worthless without leaving people scratching their heads wondering why she didn't kill Tywin. It succeeded in this regard.
The problem however is that she ran through a crowded courtyard being chased by a knight, and got away with it. Another problem is that Amory dropped dead in Tywin's room, most likely carrying the letter. They exchanged a completely unbelievable situation, for an only slightly unbelievable situation.
Anyway, it worked well enough. Looking forward to her third name.
					
					
							Edited by akajea, 07 May 2012 - 12:27 AM.
627	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-07	I gave it a 10, though Dany is beginning to annoy me...and far earlier than she started annoying me in the books.I don't like the guys who do analysis on this site. They are too much of book purists... I will read my reviews on ign, perfect 10 and I agree!Reviewing the reviews?  What will they think of next?
628	_Oberyn_	2012-05-07	9. Liked the Jons new scenes. And the Spice-king serves a lovely humble pie /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
629	gramblor	2012-05-07	9 - I think I just fell in love with Rose Leslie
630	NW Deserter	2012-05-07	Gave it a 9, with a point lost because of some of the Dany stuff. Not the plot derivations, because her dragons getting stolen is actually pretty interesting, and will give her a legitimate reason to go to the HotU. What bothered me was her whining to the spice king guy. I feel like every time TV-Dany is built back up to be this strong woman, they give her some monologue where she re-hashes the same "fire and blood" threats with a cracking voice. The "no ordinary woman" bit was probably one of the most painful set of lines on the show so far.But there was a TON of good to outweigh that annoying scene:All the winterfell stuff was absolutely perfect. Alfie Allen continues to show off his acting chops week after week, and the death of Ser Rodrick was brilliantly done.The KL riot was about how I imagined it. Badass of the Week goes to The Hound this time around for those kills, that was Khal Drogo-level shit!Add another name to the list of spot-on castings in Ygritte! I'm curious how they'll do Jon's stuff now. I think the most likely scenario is to have him release her next episode right before he meets back up with the rest of the NW crew. This will allow for some good interaction between them (as we've already seen) while still keeping the integrity of the plot - that way, when she and Rattleshirt and the rest of the wildlings find Jon and Qhorin, the viewers (and Jon) will clearly remember who that red-headed wildling is.Robb's stuff was decent. The Talissa character is still perplexing me, but that's made up for by us learning that Ramsay does indeed exist in TV-Westeros. I am slightly worried that non-readers will have no idea who Roose Bolton is, as I don't think they've even said his name and he's only appeared briefly before this episode.Arya stuff was all gold. Not much else to say. The plot changes here are keeping the spirit of the books while involving characters we actually know fairly well by now instead of random throw-aways.Looks like next week we'll get even more meat - I'm thinking House of the Undying, Jaime getting freed, Tyrion's chain, and maybe the orphan boys getting killed. Pumped!
631	Haymaker	2012-05-07	I loved this episode, best of the season for sure due to the opening 10 min, the riots, and the introduction of Ygritte!  Gave it only a 9 because the second half didn't have me emotionally as high as the first half, but still great. (Probably would give it a 9.5 if it were an option)   Also, I liked the Jaqen 2nd kill, because it's a good setup for explaining why she doesn't use her wishes on big players like Jofferey or Cersei (which is all I heard about last week with the tickler pick) because she kind of squanders the 1st one and has no choice on this 2nd one.  Plus it highlights Jaqen's bad ass skills!  With this perspective it didn't come off completely comical to me like its seem to have with other.I don't like the guys who do analysis on this site. They are too much of book purists...I do agree with you although knowing this I still keep coming back to read their reactions.  But to them and other book purists, you know the story from the book and that will never change regardless of what the TV show does, so just go with the flow and you'll enjoy the show's take more. Todd VanDerWerff's review over on AV Club is a good read for this episode.  He discussing the novel-to-screen adaptation of this series and with this episode in particular very well.
632	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-07	7/10. enjoyed the riot in King's Landing scene and the mention of the Bastard of Bolton
633	The Greenseer	2012-05-07	A solid 9. Now we're cooking with gas. In previous episodes the story deviations bothered me and were not convincing. This episode however, handled all of the deviations believably. The acting/directing was even better.  Plot lines should be easier to follow for non readers.
Loved the shock of the opening sack of winterfell, and the pathetic portrayal of theon. 
Ygritte is awesome, almost exactly as I picture her. 
We got a bonus Joff slap! 
Like the dragon thieving, it always seemed like something that would have happened.
Tywin/Arya scenes give us dome more insight into the Tywin character, plus he's possibly the best actor on the show.
Solid. This was the best show of the season so far.
634	The Greenseer	2012-05-07	A solid 9. Now we're cooking with gas. In previous episodes the story deviations bothered me and were not convincing. This episode however, handled all of the deviations believably. The acting/directing was even better.  Plot lines should be easier to follow for non readers.
Loved the shock of the opening sack of winterfell, and the pathetic portrayal of theon. 
Ygritte is awesome, almost exactly as I picture her. 
We got a bonus Joff slap! 
Like the dragon thieving, it always seemed like something that should have happened.
Tywin/Arya scenes give us dome more insight into the Tywin character, plus he's possibly the best actor on the show.
Solid. This was the best show of the season so far.
635	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-07	What'd you think?6/10. The crowd riot scene was good, as was Sandor's rescue of Sansa, though the show's actors are all apparently allergic to horses - it was strange that a royal entourage would walk through crowded, rough neighborhoods on foot. The Tywin/Arya scenes continue to impress, though the implausibility factor continues to grow, with Tywin promoting his unknown child prisoner from cupbearer to personal confidante. Amory Lorch falling on his face in front of Tywin with a brightly colored blow-dart sticking out of his neck was silly and needless. The actor playing Theon was quite good. The scenery north of the Wall was again beautiful. The Dany scenes are uniformly bad. The Dany character relentlessly issues loud, shrill and empty threats. She does not act like a girl who has been on the run her entire life but instead like an entitled, empty-headed brat - in the books it took until ADwD for her to get this annoying. Bran's hysteria and Myrcella's tears were appropriate reactions for modern American kids, not for the children of nobility in a medieval world. Why didn't Qhorin and the other rangers catch up with Jon and Ygritte? They didn't get that far.All in all, an equal mix of good and bad for me - some interesting parts, but not interesting overall.
636	The Greenseer	2012-05-07	worst episode ever!Really? I'd love to know what you are watching that is better. Especially in the fantasy genre...
637	Eira Seren	2012-05-07	Gave this one an 8.  It seemed to drop off after the first half, and I liked it less than last episode.  The only scene I really disliked was the Dany scene where she begs the Spice King for ships. . . . she seems perfectly able to negotiate with the other characters in Qarth, but for some reason always loses her skills when talking with this one.  why?  the Spice King stole that scene.  Am also a little glad that someone stole the dragons.  now maybe she'll wake up.
i couldn't even concentrate on the dialogue between Tywin and Littlefinger, could only watch Arya!  So well orchestrated.
loved the winterfell takeover and the riot.  the slap was incredibly satisfying, and Joff's incredible arrogance was even better.  really think the choice to cut Lollys and have Sansa be the focus of much of the danger made that scene far more powerful, especially when the Hound saves her.  And nobody upstaging her this time.
wondering if they are planning to keep Halfhand around.  have to laugh, though. my dad keeps observing that for a bunch of guys out in the cold, most of the NW aren't smart enough to wear a hat.  of course not, this would mess up Jon's hair
638	rmholt	2012-05-07	Another 9. PLeased to see someone finally got a camera on Hound's scars.  Ygritte looks - not as I expected. Not excited but it's early  Glad they kept the scene of Theon trying to lop off someone's head and botching it up - 
Guess the horses of the bread riots were sacrificed for Blackwater.
I enjoyed the cow pie on Joffrey's head.
Tywin is too familiar with Arya but then he never had a pixie-ish daughter before.
Is that note she lifted legible to any of you?
Marie
639	SFA-OK	2012-05-07	Theon continues to do a great job. The riot scene seemed generic and cheesy. What's the deal with Littlefinger showing up everywhere? How many times was Dany called "Little Princess" by the Frank Black look-alike? Seemed like it was about 20. I don't even know what the hell is going on with that part of the story, not very interesting or coherent. 
The actor portraying Twyin is doing a great job, even though I'm not a big fan of some of the recent scenes he's been in.
640	Eira Seren	2012-05-07	Another 9. PLeased to see someone finally got a camera on Hound's scars.  Ygritte looks - not as I expected. Not excited but it's early  Glad they kept the scene of Theon trying to lop off someone's head and botching it up -Guess the horses of the bread riots were sacrificed for Blackwater.I enjoyed the cow pie on Joffrey's head.Tywin is too familiar with Arya but then he never had a pixie-ish daughter before.Is that note she lifted legible to any of you?Mariethought i noticed something on the note about Stark moving his camp?  made me wonder then, when Talisa/Jeyne made that comment about being a spy.
641	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-07	too much change from ACoK to make this episode extra dramatic.. however the visuals still look great and its pretty much what i expected HBO to do
642	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-07	This was the best so far, I  gave it a 10! I  liked how a lot happened, but at the same time it gave us book fans some surprises likes the Dothraki's who got murdered & dragon's kidnapped. I'm really enjoying that aspect of it as well. I loved Jaqen doing his thing and Sandor kicking some serious ass. That event and scenes were ones I was really waiting to see. Also I liked seeing Theon and Bran, poor Rodrik! And last but not least Ygrette was so fun to watch and very close to how I pictured her.
643	Ran	2012-05-07	First time I've ever given an episode a six. The episode is too marred by stupidity. Lorch's hokey death, Tywin's nonsensical complaints about that damned letter as if Lorch's stuck it in the wrong envelope.... it was very, very lazy writing. Which is a shame, because those first ten minutes stands up there with the any ten minutes in the series to date. Brilliant adaptation, the Theon bits.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 07 May 2012 - 04:30 AM.
644	ICE CROW	2012-05-07	First time I've ever given an episode a six. The episode is too marred by stupidity. Lorch's hokey death, tywin's nonsensical complaints about that damned letter as if Lorch's stuck it in the wrong envelope.... it was very, very lazy writing. Which is a shame, because those ten minutes stands up there with the any ten minutes in the series to date. Brilliant adaptation, the Theon bits.Just finished reading your analysis of the episode and i have to say i agree 100% with everything you and Linda had to say. With the exception of Arya and Tywin scene everything at Harrenhall was just awful, by far the worst writing of a scene or group of scenes in the series to date. I have decided that im just going to imagine that what they are doing at Qarth is a bad dream, im not going to care about Daenerys story again till she leaves Qarth.With all the bad there was, i still rate this episode an 7 because i feel everything else that happened was done and written well. The actors performance across the board were amazing, with Peter Dinklage and Alfie Allen stealing the show.Edit: just watched it again and i have to drop my original 8 down to a 7, luckily i forgot to to press the vote button earlier.
					
					
							Edited by ICE CROW, 07 May 2012 - 05:46 AM.
645	Linda	2012-05-07	Worst episode of this season and last despite a great start. Idiotic writing for Arya's sequences, utterly lame writing for that horrendous Robb & Talisa scene and a total destruction of Dany's storyline.
What an utter waste.
646	Lady Meera Reed	2012-05-07	8 for the Theon (how awesome was he? And Bran? Ahhh my heart!), and also KL riot bits /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
647	JW.	2012-05-07	Another episode of total hit and miss on certain occasions,
It just seems that whenever the writers stick to the book and closely adapt it, awesome stuff happens. But when they start to change stuff and move things around, the quality just drops by miles and the famous Butterfly effect is all over the place, or now.. Butterfly Virus.
- I loved, loved Ygritte and Jon. Rose Leslie did such a great job in those few scenes, it lived up my anticipation atleast.
- Alfie Allen as Theon Greyjoy, We finally get to see that arrogant prick from the books and he shines, that scene with Ser Rodrik was brutal.
- Tyrion and anything Lannister related in King's Landing, Dinklage never fails to disapoint. By far the best actor in the series, and the most consistent.
What i didn't like:
- The total Butchery of Dany's storyline, i had a hard time relating to her storyline in the books and finding anything likeable about her.. the show just made it worse for me personally.
- Ser Armory Lorch getting killed right infront of Lord Tywin, was this supossed to be a lame attempt at humour?
- Littlefinger speed racing all across the Seven Kingdoms, is there no travel time in this world? I'd reckon with the war going on in the Riverlands and all, it would take even longer.
- Shae is pointless
- Robb and Talisa from Volantis, More proof that the writers really should stick close to the books, because the changes seem to be utter crap.
It might sound somewhat of a rant, but this season has been such a incredible letdown, it really hurts. Expecations were to high? maybe, but then again they did such a fine job with season 1 so they sure are capable of a faithfull and decent adaption. I'm giving this episode a 6 out of 10, If Baelor was a 9.. i'm not sure how this could be a 8.
Half of it is amazing, the other half subpar. The story of the season for me personally so far.
648	BlackTalon	2012-05-07	First time I've ever given an episode a six. The episode is too marred by stupidity. Lorch's hokey death, Tywin's nonsensical complaints about that damned letter as if Lorch's stuck it in the wrong envelope.... it was very, very lazy writing. Which is a shame, because those first ten minutes stands up there with the any ten minutes in the series to date. Brilliant adaptation, the Theon bits.Worst episode of this season and last despite a great start. Idiotic writing for Arya's sequences, utterly lame writing for that horrendous Robb & Talisa scene and a total destruction of Dany's storyline.What an utter waste.I gave this episode a  4  and it was not worse only because Theon and Ser Rodrik saved the day.Sad, I never thought IÂ´d have to do this to an episode. Sheer needless stupidity in so many scenes. Ygritte chase, Dany throwing a spoilt-brat fit with cracking voice, "Talisa" ... Why?I wonder If GRRM watches every episode and what he thinks of them. Might be time for him to start throwing his weight around a bit to save seasons 3 and 4.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 07 May 2012 - 04:43 AM.
649	JW.	2012-05-07	I wonder If GRRM watches every episode and what he thinks of them. Might be time for him to start throwing his weight around a bit to save seasons 3 and 4.Heh, i'd love to hear his honest opinion on these changes without a camera around, surely there must be parts of the adaption in this season so far that atleast worry him. Compared to Season 1 this season hasn't done his books much justice, atleast in part. All the intrigue he builds up in the books, are simply not present in the series, most of it has become a clichA© fest.I'm really starting to question the quality of the writers hired on the show, if you can't create gold with this kind of source material..Edit: And don't give me the excuse about the time limit, the writers seem to have plenty of time to write in unessecary plotlines and characters, with to much screentime to boot.
					
					
							Edited by JW., 07 May 2012 - 04:48 AM.
650	Balintos	2012-05-07	There were several changes from the book. About half of them were brilliant, and half of them were really bad. It was a good episode with a few terrible scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Balintos, 07 May 2012 - 05:00 AM.
651	Thunderfist	2012-05-07	I gave this episode a 4. For each episode IÂ´m getting more and more worried about the future of the series. There seems to be changes made for nothing else than the sake of change. IÂ´ve begun to hope that GRRM will give David & Dan the Tyrion/Joffrey treatment "slap, slap, slap-eti-slap" before this show goes further downhill.
652	Zod	2012-05-07	I love the improvements to Dany's storyline. The House of Undying scenes will be much more interesting now.
The future of "Game of Thrones" is saved!
					
					
							Edited by Zod, 07 May 2012 - 05:11 AM.
653	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-07	Very worried that they are not going to pull off Jon / Qhorin climax with as much poignancy or emotion as in the book, worried indeed that We've seen the last of Qhorin.
Other than that very happy with the episode.
8/10
654	sennahoj	2012-05-07	This was the best so far this season, gave it a 10.
655	Mr Fixit	2012-05-07	I'm really starting to wonder. Who are all those people who give high marks in polls?
Judging by the comments, we are witnessing a hideous catastrophe of a TV show. Always nice to see people put things in perspective.
656	Sun	2012-05-07	Fantastic hour of Television! I gave this episode a 9. Only the second 9 I've given this season (the first three episodes never got past a 5 rating for me).The main fault I found in the show tonight was the dopey way Amory Lorch died, that was a set up more fit for a Die Hard movie, not GOT. but other than that, I thought it was great!I am a little concerned about the way the way Arya seems to bonding with Tywin, but they need to give her an excuse not to name him for the kill, I suppose, so... whatever.Changes in Dany's arc don't bother me at all, I can see why they're doing it. Dany's arc past AGOT is interminably boring and contrived, imo, and anything the writers can do to spruce it up will have me cheering. I'm looking forward to seeing how it unfolds.The Talysa character concerns me. I had hoped seeing her again might help quiet my concerns, unfortunately her scene with Robb tonight did no such thing. The dialogue, both times we've seen Robb &amp; Talysa together, is so banal, I wouldn't be surprised to find out it had been written on a software template for "Schlock Hollywood Romances for The Young at Heart &amp; Empty of Head".... Sigh.  But I'm not gonna whine about her yet. I'll wait and see what happens. Thankfully, Talysa's presence on screen was brief enough not to distract from the general quality of the ep.All in all tonight's ep made for splendid TV that contained possibly the best 10 minutes I've seen on the tube this year!  Seriously! Theon's taking of Winterfell was fabulously written, paced, plotted, photographed, scored and acted! I wept when Roderik died. I never wept for him in the books.ETA:Forgot to mention Jon and Ygritte. Loved those scenes, and found Rose Leslie wonderful in the part. The chase scene was very well done, especially the photography.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 06:27 AM.
657	ipsuel	2012-05-07	It's a 6 for me... mainly for the reasons others have already mentioned. I loved the Winterfell part, and think Alfie Allen played his part to perfection. I also loved the Tywin/Arya bits even though they were silly illogical. Not a fan of the riot, but I understand there is only so much budget to go around, and I love the Lannister story-lines so the KL stuff is a-ok by me... But the Dany, Talysa, and Jon issues killed me. Most importantly the Jon stuff... I don't mind changes when necessary, or when it improves upon an arc -- but Jon/Qhorin is too important to fk with imo.So... I gave it a 6, and I was probably being generous.
658	The Monkey	2012-05-07	9/10
The Theon scenes were extraordinary, and the death of Ser Rodrick carried almost as much emotion as Ned's death last season. Alfie Allen has become one of my favourite actors on the show. Issac Hempstead-Wright is also doing a fantastic job as Bran, it's so hard to imagine he's only 12. When you see all the horrible child actors in other movies and TV-shows, it's such a relief to see true young talent on this show.
Dany's rant was a bit dumb, but the twist with the stolen Dragons was a nice twist, and adds some compelling storylines to what was the worst part in the book.
Arya's scenes were great as always, some real tension at her scene with Tywin and Littlefinger. Lorch's death was a bit contrived, but it gave a good excuse as to why Arya didn't name anyone important as her second kill (something that bothered me in the book). The personal chat between Arya and Tywin about their fathers was nice and brilliantly acted from both Maise and Charles (as always). They are making Tywin a bit gentler in the TV show, but I don't mind in the least. It will only serve to make Tyrion and Tywin's conflict in later seasons all the more powerful, as viewers will supposedly "root" for the both of them.
The Jon scenes were a bit of a drag at times, but the wonder scenery more than made up for the wooden acting.
Also, the Bastard of the Dreadfort!! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
659	Mr Fixit	2012-05-07	I must admit I'm having real problems following Elio's and Linda's recaps lately.Let me say that I have great respect for their enthusiasm, love, and knowledge of the Martin's world. Their reviews are thorough, well-written, and interesting to read.But lately they are sounding more and more like uberfans that have trouble separating books and TV. I don't know what it is, but the nature of their critiques is increasingly becoming impenetrable and hard to follow, silly and excessive nit-picking is piling up, and overall sense of "that's not how it was in the books" is really starting to grate on me.Not to say that the series is perfect; far from it. I myself enjoyed the first season more (though not by much). But comparing their reviews to many others (by non-book-readers, for example) betrays how extremely biased in their "protection of the spirit of the novels" they've become.Some quotes from the review that are frankly quite bothersome because they reveal the inability to consider the show on its own for a moment:Perhaps those problems are more acute when you know what the adaptation changes have been...play off incidents for humor that betray the tone of the novelsMartin himself did it just fine in the novel...It is difficult to convey just how poorly this action-upped Qarth is coming out in our eyes, when compared to whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actually in the novelswriters of the show (...) betray a particular lack of understanding of whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really going on in Qarth...would it have truly been so hard to match Martinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s vision?Martin carefully avoids the topic of dragon theft in EssosItâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an okay scene, but it doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t feel like anything in the spirit of the novels
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 07 May 2012 - 06:13 AM.
660	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-07	Absolutely LOVED this episode.
661	Ran	2012-05-07	Unless I'm mistaken, David and Dan themselves have made a great effort to emphasize that they're adapting the series and staying true to its spirit.That's the benchmark they themselves have set. We merely judge them by that benchmark, since we are largely a site about the books, after all. If you take issue with it, that's more of an issue with the goals they themselves have articulated.And no amount of ignoring the books makes the Lorch sequence any less stupid, whether you ignore the books or not. It was genuinely lazy, stupid writing that insults the intelligence of viewers.ETA:Or to put it more simply -- D&D have articulated two important aims for their adaptation: that it maintain the spirit of the novels and that it be good television. Good television sometimes means compression or outright changes, it is true, and as I've noted more than once, they have made some perfectly good choices in this regard, sometimes even inspired ones (the Bran-Theon scene combines elements from four different chapters, and fits them together in a unique and good way).So... judge on those two axes: how much does a scene succeed to hew to the spirit of the novels, and how good is the scene as television? Judging the show purely as drama ignores the stated ambitions of the producers, just as judging it purely as an adaptation ignores it.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 07 May 2012 - 06:40 AM.
662	Sun	2012-05-07	One added note:
I love how Emilia is making Dany as annoying and shrill in the show as she is in the books. Whether intentional or not, I love it.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 06:27 AM.
663	JW.	2012-05-07	We are all entitled to our own opinion, but the high scores this episode has recieved so far really suprises me. Is it really worth a 9 compared to let's say, The Pointy End or Baelor?
664	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	Nine. Favourite episode so far; Theon's takeover and fall from grace was brilliantly executed, and I love Ygritte already. The Hound's swathe of destruction was brutal and suitably epic, and Tyrion's showdown with Joffrey was particularly memorable. 
Can't deny that Harrenhal was rushed, though. Charles Dance continues to dazzle with his Tywin, but the segments there as a whole came off as pretty silly. That was a complete waste of the second death.
665	OzorxOron	2012-05-07	Easily my favourite episode of season 2 at the moment, I'd give it a strong 9.
666	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-07	I am torn. In the end I'm opting for a 7, though it should be much higher.
Pros:
Theon. Alfie Allen is so annoyingly good as Theon I am worried he will soon take the place of the character I have in my mind when reading. Rodrik's death was worked in pretty well too (though I am perhaps a little worried this will make it a little harder for tv viewers to sympathise with Theon later, seeing that a TV show cannot provide the inner monologue which is prevalent within much of ASOIAF), and in general that scene was just a great bit of television all round, from the acting to the camera work. Very good.
The riot. Again, good acting. Obvs we have to suspend our disbelief they wouldn't be on horses, but other than that, it worked very well. Re. Myrcella crying, I really don't think it would be too far-fetched for a young girl to cry when being seperated from her family (though perhaps she would wait until she was out of sight). 
The acting of Dance and Williams. More on the content in a bit.
Cons:
Jon and Ygritte. My main (and only) problem with this part is the execution. Or the failed execution. Simply put, we are unaware of why Jon missed. As such, we are being led to believe (if we also consider the Craster incident) that Jon is semi-incompetent. A semi-incompetent future Lord Commander. However, an explanation (an explicit explanation) as to whether he did it on purpose will settle this.
Amory Lorch's death. It works to some degree of sense. It provides a reason as to why Arya doesn't choose Tywin. It also suggests that Jaqen is pretty awesome at his job. It may also give Tywin a reason to leave before Arya can order his death. In every other sense though, it failed. I think the writers feel the need to shoehorn in Harrenhall action scenes, when in truth this is not needed at all.
Littlefinger's teleportation. 
As for Daenerys. On the one hand, we are seeing earlier than the books what a whiny little brat she is. On the other, the killing of all her staff (by one man it's implied) seemed wholly unnecessary. Just stealing the Dragons would have made far more sense (Pyat Pree could then also have used his stealing of the Dragons without violence as a necessary pretext in order for Daenerys to visit and therefore fully understand the importance of the House of the Undying).
667	Arkash	2012-05-07	Best episode since episode 3. I give it a 10 !
668	Lany Cassandra	2012-05-07	We are all entitled to our own opinion, but the high scores this episode has recieved so far really suprises me. Is it really worth a 9 compared to let's say, The Pointy End or Baelor? I put my husband's ratings in (he hasn't read the books).  No doubt about it, it is "the best show on television" accordingto him (and I agree).  Some people rate it AGAINST the books, some people rate it against TV shows. I didn't like the scenes with Ayra.  It's not the acting, it was the 2nd death was too hurried and rushed and just didn't seem to fit.
669	ipsuel	2012-05-07	kinda just wanted to add to my earlier comment... i gave it an honest 6 (my opinion only) -- but i really want to add that an honest 6 here for me, is like giving a regular show an 11... 
6 or not, it's the best show on TV for me!
670	Incesticide	2012-05-07	This is the episode that has beyond any doubt made me decide to stop watching the series. While I very much enjoyed the opening scenes, the death of Rodrik Cassel - especially the beheading, and the riots - The Hound/Sansa's scene especially; I cannot abide by the omission of the Reeds (who add an amazing backstory), Robb's attraction to the Volantene woman, the scenes with Jon Snow and Ygritte, and the utter and complete disregard to Dany's storyline whereby the book has been thrown out completely. The ending of episode 6 is the exact reason why I am extremely cynical towards tv series in general. Pertaining to the question at hand, I gave the episode a 5. I would have given it less but for the very powerful opening scenes.
I'm aware that being a TV series, the budget is limited and consequently it would be impossible for the makers of the series to include every battle and every minor character. There were changes from the storyline I happily accepted which I felt improved (Theon's letter burning scene, and the Arya/Tywin scenes were particularly noteworthy) or alternatively summarised things well (Yorren's death and Arya/Gendry's capture). I'm aware (in the words of Neil Gaiman) that "GRR Martin is not my bitch", and that he gives the go ahead to Benioff and Weiss for each episode - which means that he approves of the changes. It's his story and I respect his decision. I'm also aware that unconstructive ranting is not going to be listened to by the makers of the series mainly because the viewership is increasing.
That said, my opinion is my own and I watch and read things for my personal pleasure. The series seems to be heading towards some drastic modifications of parts of the storyline - modifications to the world I imagined when I read the books. As such, from now on, I'll stick with the books.
					
					
							Edited by Incesticide, 07 May 2012 - 07:54 AM.
671	Oberyn King	2012-05-07	9. I liked it a lot.  The Arya/Tywin scenes are great. Ygritte was great and so was The Hound. Really a great episode, though, Amory's death was kinda hasty.
672	Grail King	2012-05-07	A  9, I liked the WF scene and the riot scene the best, they gave a good spotlight on Sansa and Sandor, and that scene looked like it took a real  toll on Sophie Turner (as it should ) looks like it was done before the Myrcella scene as Sophie's face was puffy from crying.
I don't mind them combining Osha and Bran for the Reeds, but it would have been nice to see green people /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
The death of Rodrick was awesome and Ygritte was as I hoped.
The setup between Cersei, Tyrion and Joffery should be great in the future episode.
And setting up Robbs fall  possibly by a female spy would fit into the Tywin statement of they need to help Robb to make mistakes so they can take advantage of him on the battlefield, the down side to this is the outcome of Jeyne Westerling in the book may have been telegraphed to us.
Holding judgment on Danny scene.
673	Perin Stone	2012-05-07	7The opening scene felt rushed to me.  In fact, a lot of scenes feel that way.  I was disappointed the beheaded Roderick instead of giving him to the drowned god.  There are certain scenes/lines from the book that I love that I always hope get into the book.  I got one last season with "Honor brought you back".  I really wanted to see this:Qhorin agreed. "If I had needed her dead, I would have left her with Ebben, or done the thing myself."Then why did you command it of me?""I did not command it. I told you to do what needed to be done, and left you to decide what that would be." ... "To lead men you must know them Jon Snow. I know more of you now that I did this morning."I would have much rather seen it happen this way and skipped the couple of minutes of sexy time with Jon and Ygritte.I'm glad the Hound rescued Sansa.  I thought at first they were going to have Tyrion do it.Stolen dragons?  Ugh......
674	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-07	5/10 for me. Disappointed by some things.
Theon and Bran scenes were great!
Osha Osha Osha!!!! wow what a woman! :-D
I really dont like the Jon + Ygritte chase. What now? I bet they go to Mance without Qhorin+Jon final scene. So disappointed by this!!!
I dont know why people keep saying that Jon missed Ygritte. I thought it was clear that Jon deliberately struck the stone because he couldnt bring himself to kill her.
I dont buy the notion that Ygritte and Jon could meet, try to kill each other and the have Ygritte grind on Jon in the cold. Gosh are D&D that disrespectful to their audience to think that we will sit and believe anything?
I nearly smashed my TV at the thought of Sansa=Lollys. I was horrified at the mere thought of that change being made. But thankfully it was redeemed by Sandor!!
I dont like the Danny scenes. Again they are making her seem like a child. I wonder if this is for her going to the HotU to get her dragons back. But she need Drogon!!! wtf!?
Why was Cersei watching as Myrcella sailed away? I thought the book Cersei would have stopped it if she had the chance. Wasnt Myrcella already gone by the time Cersei knew about it?
I wonder if we wont get to hear about the dream of the man with the long knife...
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 07 May 2012 - 07:55 AM.
675	WinterWarrior	2012-05-07	I loved this episode and gave it a solid 9. I think Talisa will be revealed as Jeyne Westerling, that she is just using a phony name and her true identity will be revealed. And I always thought it was odd in the books that someone didn't just steal the dragons and kill Dany' s llittle khalisar...honestly, that is a very unrealistic part of the story in the books. I am anticipating that she will go to the HotU to retrieve them, see the visions there and destroy it before leaving with all three dragons which will make for great television - which is what this is.
Theon, Winterfell, the escape at the end with Osha, Arya/Tywin and Sandor saving Sansa - were all really well done. I love The Hound in this episode and am glad they are keeping the Sandor/Sansa story alive. And any episode without Ros ranks at the top.
I have to say that the series is making me see that there is no way GRRMs books could be translated to the screen exactly as they are. The HBO series has to be taken for what it is. And I think they are doing an excellent job providing us with an excellent tv adaptation of the books.
I believe the Reeds, or at least Meera, will show up later on. And we will see Ramsey....which does not warm my heart but he is part of the story line.
676	Incesticide	2012-05-07	I would have much rather seen it happen this way and skipped the couple of minutes of sexy time with Jon and Ygritte.Exactly.
677	Arkash	2012-05-07	I really dont like the Jon + Ygritte chase. What now? I bet they go to Mance without Qhorin+Jon final scene. So disappointed by this!!!We will see Qhorin again, I've read somewhere that he will appear again in the lasts episodes.
678	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-07	I gave it a 10, but once again I'm unhappy with Vanessa Taylor's writing of Daenerys. Episodes 4 and 6 are the only ones where Dany appears incompetent, and as far as I'm aware both of them were written by her.
Daenerys may be slightly crazy, but in ACOK she was at least shrewd and competent (which is what we saw in the D&D episodes).
I'm tempted to switch my rating to a 9 now because of the death of Irri... I really don't understand why it was necessary.
679	jugdesh258	2012-05-07	My expectations are of a book purist....but I'd still agree best episode yet....  10!!
To me it is art come to life on screen.  I love the early sequence of scences from Theon, Ygrette, and espicially the Riot.
Perfect locations... how did they do it?  I could not have put together a better idea in my head what the physical locations of Myracella leaving in the boat and the street the riot occured
680	The Black Wolf	2012-05-07	Loved this episode, gave it a 10 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I just loved everything... the only thing that bothered me was Myrcella crying when she left. I thought it was an unnecessary change, but in the end it's no big deal... They even managed to maybe make me start liking Talisa. The first time I saw her I thought "why is pretty and silly little Jeyne suddenly becoming a strong and opinionated woman?", but I've almost managed to separate the two characters in my brain now /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But...after Robb's talk with Cat about not being able to follow his heart, but having to do his duty... how the hell can he end up marrying Talisa? Maybe they'll go for something else instead, like the Frey's are insulted simply because he's sleeping with her or something? Because it was stupid to marry her in the books but, you know, a mixture of youth, guilt, the loss of his brothers and not having his sensible mother there to stop him sort of explains it. In the show, however, he's just stated he knows he has to marry a Frey. I wonder how they'll make this work now...?
681	zippypoodle	2012-05-07	I'm really starting to wonder. Who are all those people who give high marks in polls?Judging by the comments, we are witnessing a hideous catastrophe of a TV show. Always nice to see people put things in perspective.You've been bitten by the book purist bug. Take the antidote quickly.
682	Michaelj	2012-05-07	Well I read the books and even if the show isn't following the books word by word as people would like *cough* the admin *cough* it is still a damn good show and deserves respect. I read around the internet and basically lots of people are saying this is the best episode ever. (a lot of non-readers and readers alike). I loved this episode despite the changes and will probably continue to do so. As long as its entertaining, so what?
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 07 May 2012 - 08:56 AM.
683	A Redeemed Hound	2012-05-07	I gave it an 8.  My issues with the episode were with Dany and the killing of Lorch.  I do not even think of the books anymore when I watch the show or I would not enjoy it at all.  Just leave the books at the door.  I am fine with the stealing of the dragons.  Not a problem.  It is just Danny running around pissing and moaning that bothers me.  But maybe that is a good thing for when she comes into true power.  Not sure.
Lorch's killing was kind of lame.  Jaqen's deaths should be more mystical/mysterious.  But Arya rocks and I am really looking forward to some weasel soup.
Wish the Hound wore his helmet when he rescued Sansa.  That would have been awesome but the scene was still great.
Littlefinger is the fastest man alive.  Either that or Westeros is the size of Rhode Island.
I still think Talysa from Volantis is Jeyne Westerling.  She just did not want to let Catelyn know.  It looked like Robb still did not believe her.  Not sure about the point of all of that but whatever.  I guess it gives more screen time to Robb.
Shae did not disgust me in her scene.  That is good.
Tyrion/Joff rocked.
All things Theon at Winterfell rocked.
Jon Snow and Ygrette was decent.  Wish she was captured by Ghost and not Jon but whatever.  Still a good intro.  She should have said "You know nothing Jon Snow" when they were lying there.
Confused as to when Jon and Qorin will have their discussion/agreement about the wildlings.
Glad to hear Ramsey Snow will be around.
Osha nude was magnificent (sorry but it was).  Loved seeing the escape with Rickon and Shaggydog!!  I do wish they threw in the scene where the Iron Men were beating poor Hodor.  Would have added to the severity of the situation.  And given us more love for poor Hodor.
Overall an 8.  May be 7.5.
684	sh3rpa of The North	2012-05-07	You've been bitten by the book purist bug. Take the antidote quickly.But we love the books. A desire for the series to remain faithful to the source material is fair.  While reading the books I didn't spend the whole time saying to myself Martin should have done this differently.  If the changes are done for practical purposes it can come off nicely. But when the changes manipulate the plot and possibly eliminate favorite moments, people have a right to, and probably will be disappointed.I have always enjoyed dany chapters (a pretty unpopular opinion around here) and found the dragon stealing to lower her competence to an unacceptable level (she is competent to me at this point in the story, don't shoot).  I immediately understood that this is a lead in to the undying, but I still dont like how it hurts your opinion of the characters involved.  This same reasoning applies to events at Harrenhall. Tywin and Jaq have been made to look like novices.6/10. Tyrion and Theon save it.
685	Arkash	2012-05-07	Oh, and again, glad we didnt get any useless sex scenes... hope they will continue this way, the first part of the season was really spoiling too much time for it and eating time for other stories... hope this is over !
686	Sand11751	2012-05-07	A nine. Poor Theon, he can't get anything right, respect from anybody or chopping off someone's head. Pleased to see that someone looks like he's getting tired of being called a dog. His rescue of Sansa was so him - there could have been a less brutal way, I guess, but that's what you get for messing with Sansa when the Hound's around. Also, I LOVE the continued interaction between Arya and Tywin. For the actress to hold her own in scenes with such a veteran is really promising for her future. If Littlefinger didn't make the connection, he's an idiot and he's definitely not an idiot. Can't wait to see Ramsay Snow, I mean Bolton, and hopefully Reek in the new season. My one quibble - Robb's flirting with Talisa / Jeyne (?) is just boring. I'd much rather see him and Greywind torment Jaime.
687	TheEvilKing	2012-05-07	Liked this episode. I gave it an 8.5. Yes, I realise that's not on the scale so had to give it an 8 - just didn't quite have that "9 factor" for me.
Good stuff:
- By the gawds what an opening. I love the shot of Theon's face after executing Rodrik. So intense.
- Ramsay Corpsefuckin' Bolton pretty much confirmed!
- Love the shake up in Qarth. Makes it much more exciting.
- The Harrenhal scenes were all great.
- The riot scenes were intense and scary and dope as fuck. Cersei threatening Tyrion! Tyrion steppin' to Joff! Sansa almost gang-raped! The High Septon getting torn to shreds! An old man getting punched! And The Hound finally getting to kick some ass!
- Tulisa wasn't as annoying this episode. There's hope yet.
Not so good stuff:
- Jon Snow scenes are boring yet again. I like Ygritte so far though.
- Irri, I hope she's not dead.
- Shae sucks. Bring Ros back!
688	hulyen	2012-05-07	It just keeps on getting better!The riot scene was my favorite! I was really worried for Sansa. The Hound was such as badass!I actually found Dany scenes funny. "I did not come here to argue grammar!" hahaha
689	Linda	2012-05-07	I must admit I'm having real problems following Elio's and Linda's recaps lately.Let me say that I have great respect for their enthusiasm, love, and knowledge of the Martin's world. Their reviews are thorough, well-written, and interesting to read.But lately they are sounding more and more like uberfans that have trouble separating books and TV. I don't know what it is, but the nature of their critiques is increasingly becoming impenetrable and hard to follow, silly and excessive nit-picking is piling up, and overall sense of "that's not how it was in the books" is really starting to grate on me.For my own part I have said from the start that I am completely uninterested in watching or commenting on this show just on its own merits. I am only interested in how well -- or not -- it adapts the books. We watch the show as fans of the books, we review it as fans of the books. That's it.This does not mean it has to follow the letter, but it better follow the spirit of the story and stay true to the characters. The start to episode 6 is an example of excellent adaptation which compresses and changes but stays true to the story and the characters.If you just want a bit of action, well, whatever.
690	The Rune Maester	2012-05-07	Considering I still haven't read the books, I would give this episode a 9/10 because it was incredibly engaing and dynamic!  Yes, perhaps Tywin is a little bit too tolerant, and Arya holding the note in her hand is quite annoying, but overall great acting for Maisie! Theon's conquest was so dramatic and bloodied, it makes you shiver. Perhaps Bran acted more like a modern child rather than a Medieval one (good point from an earlier comment posted here), but it definitely made the scene much more emotional. Oh, and Theon's butchering... horrid...Cercei gave the best ice-cold and bitter look she could, and Tyrion slapping Joff again was priceless! We need more king-slaps! The Hound coming to the rescue was such a reliever as the rape scene looked quite authentic, although you cannot deny he acted more like a Terminator than a knight.Jon and Ygritte were so cute! I'm jealous of Ygritte for rubbing her butt to Jon, but then again she is an incredibly beautiful and temperamental wildling :3  However, Jon capturing Ygritte instead of letting her escape is a deviation from the story, as far as I know, and it would be interesting to see how it will progress.  And Dany, oh God.... From what I read in this topic, Dany is much more shrewd and smart in the books than she is in season 2. All this whining, empty threats, and the perfectly logical and convincing replies of the Spice King definitely undermined the character.... With her dragons stolen now, I'm quite curious to see how she will reclaim them. Hopefully the House of the Undying is coming soon /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  But yeah, TV-Dany is too whiny, acting more like a teenage-girl at the moment, rather than a Khaleesi and a mother of dragons....  Overall, the episode was very exciting, much more dynamic in the first half, with small bits of romance flowing in the air, and puddles of blood soaking Winterfell and King's Landing. It is a bit sad to know that some important parts of the plot are being changed in the TV-series, hopefully HBO will be more faithful to the books for the last 4 episodes of the season. Despite a few awkward/unconvincing moments and some book deviations, it was a very exciting and entertaining episode !																							 9/10
691	zippypoodle	2012-05-07	Unless I'm mistaken, David and Dan themselves have made a great effort to emphasize that they're adapting the series and staying true to its spirit.That's the benchmark they themselves have set. We merely judge them by that benchmark, since we are largely a site about the books, after all. If you take issue with it, that's more of an issue with the goals they themselves have articulated.And no amount of ignoring the books makes the Lorch sequence any less stupid, whether you ignore the books or not. It was genuinely lazy, stupid writing that insults the intelligence of viewers.ETA:Or to put it more simply -- D&D have articulated two important aims for their adaptation: that it maintain the spirit of the novels and that it be good television. Good television sometimes means compression or outright changes, it is true, and as I've noted more than once, they have made some perfectly good choices in this regard, sometimes even inspired ones (the Bran-Theon scene combines elements from four different chapters, and fits them together in a unique and good way).So... judge on those two axes: how much does a scene succeed to hew to the spirit of the novels, and how good is the scene as television? Judging the show purely as drama ignores the stated ambitions of the producers, just as judging it purely as an adaptation ignores it.The problem is, even by your own defined standard of how you're reviewing it, I think you miss the mark. It IS staying true to the spirit of the novels, and I think you are in the minority in thinking it doesn't.  I much prefer the analysis from two other fan sites, winteriscoming and avclub, both of whom have analyses using your basic guidelines and both of whom think the adaptation is very true to the spirit.  When I see Myrcella crying as a criticism, it makes me question your entire analysis.
692	Scooby	2012-05-07	honestly, it was not as good as I hoped it would be.  The scene with Arya threw me off and the stuff about Dany's dragons being stolen... it doesn't seem to fit.  I am pretty understanding when it comes to changing things for TV.  However, it seems like somethings are added just for the added tension and not adding to the storytelling and condensing.  
I will watch it again and see how I feel after that, but for now, it was a bit disappointing.
BTW even when GoT is disappointing it is still the best thing on TV.
693	BlackTalon	2012-05-07	Is it me, or has this episode had the biggest gulf between people who liked it and people who didn't?My guess is the people who discovered ASOIAF only after the TV show started are the ones who like it, probably because they are more used to standard TV fare, while all the real fans tend to dislike it.
694	westie420uk	2012-05-07	If i forget the book then its a 8.5, but compared to the book then its a 6. I dont know how i feel about the changes they have made from the book. Sometimes i think its good & it gives the readers of the book something new, but sometimes i think they should stay faithful to the books. I'm worried that butterfly effect of them changing things now will effect the show too much in further episodes & seasons. From small things like no Lady Tanda & Lolly's to bigger things like no Reeds. i guess time will tell.
695	White Raven	2012-05-07	8/10
I had tears in my eyes at the scene with Ser Rodrik. It was so sad.
696	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	When I see Myrcella crying as a criticism, it makes me question your entire analysis.Why?  That was one of the defining moments for that character - at that age, to be sent away from her family and to not show emotion at it?  Instead of changing into a Princess not just in name, she remains a child..  Did I care about this change specifically, not really - Myrcella has always been "meh" to me, but I always ask when I see changes of this natuer, why make this change?  Why not just have her not cry?  It doesn't lengthen the scene, cost any more, bring in any other characters.  Why not just leave it as it is?
697	Linda	2012-05-07	The problem is, even by your own defined standard of how you're reviewing it, I think you miss the mark. It IS staying true to the spirit of the novels, and I think you are in the minority in thinking it doesn't.  I much prefer the analysis from two other fan sites, winteriscoming and avclub, both of whom have analyses using your basic guidelines and both of whom think the adaptation is very true to the spirit.  When I see Myrcella crying as a criticism, it makes me question your entire analysis.That's nice. Then read their analysis instead. If anyone thinks that is true to the spirit of the books, I question their reading of the books and I have no interest in their analysis because it is coming from someone who doesn't really know what they are talking about.Myrcella being noted as not crying was a rather defining aspect of that character.
698	Ran	2012-05-07	I don't rest my feelings on Myrcella or anything like that -- but we do try to be complete in noting all changes, that included (and as greywolf says, that actually helps define Myrcella...)
But the Lorch scene is bad TV, badly staged and badly written, with a humorous tone that's I'll-befitting the spirit of the novels. Can you imagine GRRM having written that scene and playing it for a laugh as the show did? I can't, and so it fails both tests, badly. I find it unaccountable how so few critics have noticed the lazy, dissonant writing of the Lorch scene (and the one before it, for that matter), but in any case, it felt symptomatic of an episode that leaned too heavily on contrivances that would get Mad Men or Breaking Bad or Justified taken to the woodshed by critics if scenes that were as contrived and clumsy made it onto those shows.
And again, there was some terrific writing in there, which is why the unevenness is all the more disappointing.
In the end, it's a sea of opinions. Read the ones that speak to you, and hang the rest.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 07 May 2012 - 12:01 PM.
699	gogorath	2012-05-07	Unless I'm mistaken, David and Dan themselves have made a great effort to emphasize that they're adapting the series and staying true to its spirit.That's the benchmark they themselves have set. We merely judge them by that benchmark, since we are largely a site about the books, after all. If you take issue with it, that's more of an issue with the goals they themselves have articulated.And no amount of ignoring the books makes the Lorch sequence any less stupid, whether you ignore the books or not. It was genuinely lazy, stupid writing that insults the intelligence of viewers.ETA:Or to put it more simply -- D&D have articulated two important aims for their adaptation: that it maintain the spirit of the novels and that it be good television. Good television sometimes means compression or outright changes, it is true, and as I've noted more than once, they have made some perfectly good choices in this regard, sometimes even inspired ones (the Bran-Theon scene combines elements from four different chapters, and fits them together in a unique and good way).So... judge on those two axes: how much does a scene succeed to hew to the spirit of the novels, and how good is the scene as television? Judging the show purely as drama ignores the stated ambitions of the producers, just as judging it purely as an adaptation ignores it.While I agree with the content of your comment, I fail to see how you (or anyone) can judge this at this point, when these diversions from the storyline have not run their full course. There have been a multitude of complaints about immaterial things (peaches!  Xaro is straight!).  At least fifty percent, if not more, of the complaints seem to revolve around these types of issues.  We all have favorite things -- they cut one of my favorite book lines period from last night for no apparent reason -- but sometimes we have to get over them.  Even such things as potentially cutting the Reeds fall here under your definition, which I am all good with.But Dany's dragon getting stolen?  Jon and Ygritte being together earlier?  I suppose some of these could lead to truly substantial changes, but right now it's pretty easy to get back to thematic and character consistency and also hit major plot points.  (E.g. people are freaking that we won't get Qhorin/Jon.  It's possible we won't.  It's possible it won't be like in the books, with Qhorin losing on purpose.  But it's still possible we'll end up exactly where we started but with a better basis for allowing Jon to join the wildings, more Jon plot in season 2 and more Ygritte.)I've frankly seen very few significant and permanent departures.  I haven't seen anything with unavoidable butterfly effects on the main characters. I rated this episode a 9. It was fantastic to have a plot-filled action episode.  The Bran-Theon scenes were amazing.  I like the extension with Ygritte as long as they can get back to the story. I like the stolen dragons storyline -- Dany's book plot is slow.  I wasn't a huge fan of yet another verbal sparring session with the Spice King, but I do enjoy that they are dragging out Dany' progression as a person.  In season one she went from weak and quiet to strong and loud.  But she really hasn't discovered what it means to rule, and frankly, she's a tremendously selfish person right now.  She will evolve between now and Mereen -- where she makes a decision to stop using everyone around her.The riot scene was fantastic, and we finally get a little Sandor and Sansa.  I didn't mind the Arya changes, either -- one, it provides better motivation for not picking someone more strategic and two, I don't mind a little more light-hearted aspects.  I'm still reeling from the darkness of Episode 4, and there's still more darkness to come -- in Winterfell, in King's Landing, etc -- so a bit of levity doesn't bother me.  I think the Littlefinger scene is a bit ridiculous until you realize he knows it is her -- and then you start thinking about why he didn't tell.Anyway, exciting fun episode.  It had more problems than some other recent ones, but more upside as well.  The season has been devoid of much action and like last year's episode 6, it's time to start rolling.
700	Michaelj	2012-05-07	That's nice. Then read their analysis instead. If anyone thinks that is true to the spirit of the books, I question their reading of the books and I have no interest in their analysis because it is coming from someone who doesn't really know what they are talking about.Myrcella being noted as not crying was a rather defining aspect of that character.So if people disagree with you they don't know what they're talking about? Almost every analysis I read favours this episode, the main aim of an episode is to entertain which is succesful it seems. I don't agree that making up plots will ruin the main story at all... I always wondered why Dany never had her dragons stolen when her khalasar was so small and weak in the books. The only thing I agree with is the part about Amory dying, but I didn't mind it because I enjoyed it, overall.
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 07 May 2012 - 12:14 PM.
701	Mr Fixit	2012-05-07	You've been bitten by the book purist bug. Take the antidote quickly.Seems to me you misinterpreted what I was trying to say, namely I was exactly in line with your reasoning /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 07 May 2012 - 12:18 PM.
702	Mr Fixit	2012-05-07	My guess is the people who discovered ASOIAF only after the TV show started are the ones who like it, probably because they are more used to standard TV fare, while all the real fans tend to dislike it.You tell'em, tiger.
703	End of Disc One	2012-05-07	My guess is the people who discovered ASOIAF only after the TV show started are the ones who like it, probably because they are more used to standard TV fare, while all the real fans tend to dislike it.What an awful post.
704	BlackTalon	2012-05-07	Because I read the books after Season One means myself and the others like me aren't "real" fans?I'd be interested to see what criteria you use to make your decisions, so please, feel free to share it with us phonies, so we may change our ways and earn your approval, and thus be deemed "real".What good would it do now, that bird has flown. IÂ´m not the kind of guy who enjoys rubbing that in...  much. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
705	Fakko	2012-05-07	I did not interpret the second assassination at Harrenhal as dark comedy, but as a demonstration of deadly skill. 
In a sudden moment of chaos Arya finds Jaqen and tells him the identity of his second target and implores him to eliminate him immediately. No planning. No subtlety. 
He does so. On a target rushing through an area crowded with witnesses. Without being noticed; within 100 feet of Tywin Lannister. 
That is a highly skilled assassin. 
That's what this "non-real fan" took from that scene.
706	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-07	That's nice. Then read their analysis instead. If anyone thinks that is true to the spirit of the books, I question their reading of the books and I have no interest in their analysis because it is coming from someone who doesn't really know what they are talking about.Linda, with the greatest respect, that's not fair.  There will be as many interpretations and analyses of the source material as there are readers.  Is X's analysis more valid than Y's?  And if so, why?  I enjoy the show and the books as two separate entities, and I have issues with both at times, to be honest - both as someone who has been watching TV dramas for 45 years and someone who has read widely in all literary genres for 50 years.  But I prefer to concentrate on the good rather than the bad.  And what I would think 'good', someone else would think 'bad' and vice versa - there is no eternal truth here.  It's just opinions.  But of course, if we didn't all differ, there'd be no need for a forum, so I would also like to take the opportunity of thanking you and Ran for building this place and welcoming so many people with differing opinions.  It's a credit to you.
707	Lany Cassandra	2012-05-07	My guess is the people who discovered ASOIAF only after the TV show started are the ones who like it, probably because they are more used to standard TV fare, while all the real fans tend to dislike it.I'd be willing to bet you are very wrong on this.  I, and a lot of my FB friends, first read GoT in 1996 and most of us loved this episode too. (most of them are posting on this board too, and have been for many many years)
708	Lany Cassandra	2012-05-07	Duplicate post
					
					
							Edited by Ser Lany Cassandra, 07 May 2012 - 01:03 PM.
709	Ran	2012-05-07	I don't see the point of the "real" fan thing, but lets suppose BlackTalon misspoke rather than meant to imply that some people are more "real" fans than others.
710	Linda	2012-05-07	So if people disagree with you they don't know what they're talking about? Almost every analysis I read favours this episode, the main aim of an episode is to entertain which is succesful it seems. I don't agree that making up plots will ruin the main story at all... I always wondered why Dany never had her dragons stolen when her khalasar was so small and weak in the books. The only thing I agree with is the part about Amory dying, but I didn't mind it because I enjoyed it, overall.The main aim of an episode is to entertain?Well, why not send in the clowns then? Or a parade of naked women, or maybe a string of gruesome killings? I am sure that will entertain. I am not sure it is the sort of entertainment the show should be.And yes, no one stole those dragons despite Dany being in a dangerous situation. Maybe you should stop and think about why that might be?If you just like the episode and don't care about the changes or don't care about it being true to the spirit of the books, fine. That's a different approach to watching and it is valid too. But I am going to question someone's knowledge and understanding of the books if they claim that this episode was entirely true to the spirit of the books. I am going to question them as a reader.That said, each person can obviously take different things away from a book and focus on different aspects of the books. But there are scenes in this episode that I cannot imagine ever having been written by GRRM. And I don't see how anyone else would think so.
					
					
							Edited by Linda, 07 May 2012 - 01:13 PM.
711	ShadowRaven	2012-05-07	Didn't really like this episode because of the many changes from the books.....
					
					
							Edited by ShadowRaven, 07 May 2012 - 01:14 PM.
712	Hyper	2012-05-07	I gave this episode a 9. My favorite of the season so far.If you just want a bit of action, well, whatever.Nice straw-man there. If we are not as wedded to the source material as you, we just want "a bit of action?".And yes, no one stole those dragons despite Dany being in a dangerous situation. Maybe you should stop and think about why that might be?Why don't you explain it to us? And also whether or not that is a good or a bad point of the source material? Or is Dany's Qarth journey as described by GRRM above critique in this aspect?
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 07 May 2012 - 01:30 PM.
713	gogorath	2012-05-07	For my own part I have said from the start that I am completely uninterested in watching or commenting on this show just on its own merits. I am only interested in how well -- or not -- it adapts the books. We watch the show as fans of the books, we review it as fans of the books. That's it.This does not mean it has to follow the letter, but it better follow the spirit of the story and stay true to the characters. The start to episode 6 is an example of excellent adaptation which compresses and changes but stays true to the story and the characters.If you just want a bit of action, well, whatever.An honest question:  Why?  What's the point of reviewing only in that context?
714	Linda	2012-05-07	An honest question:  Why?  What's the point of reviewing only in that context?What is not the point of it? I honestly cannot see why that is a question. We are, first and foremost, fans of the books and we watch it as an adaptation. To review it in any other context would be pointless for us. I am not interested in the TV-show on its own merits, it cannot exist on its own merits.
715	End of Disc One	2012-05-07	Plenty of us here were fans of the books way before the HBO series was even optioned, and we enjoyed this episode just fine.  At least I did.  I thought it was the best one yet.
716	Ran	2012-05-07	Keep it polite, folks.
717	Linda	2012-05-07	Well, I don't consider it an hour well spent. So, for me something was harmed: my enjoyment. I watch to see the story I love on TV. No other reason.
GRRM...has a very different personality to Alan Moore, who is pretty unique in many ways.
718	gogorath	2012-05-07	What is not the point of it? I honestly cannot see why that is a question. We are, first and foremost, fans of the books and we watch it as an adaptation. To review it in any other context would be pointless for us. I am not interested in the TV-show on its own merits, it cannot exist on its own merits.I am a book reader, and first and foremost a fan of the book.  Yet, I can both watch and review in its own context.  I do not expect everyone to divorce it from the books as well as I do, but there are still many things to talk and review about the series and story that are not limited to the books.  For example, acting, cinematography, etc.I was curious why you are reviewing it only in the context of adaptation.  Your response seems to be there is nothing else to talk about, which is factually untrue, even if you are uninterested in it.  If that's what you are meaning to say -- and I have no idea -- then just say "it doesn't interest me except how it relates to the books."  I'm not going to say that's true for me, but hey, at least I understand your point of view.A statement like "it cannot exist on its own merits" - I'm not sure what to say to that.  It's not clear to me what you mean, but the reality is:  it does exist, and plenty of people (and many who read the books previously) are fine with judging it on its own merits.You seem to be denying the idea that different people can look at things different ways.  I may not agree with your point of view, but I acknowledge that you have and am curious to understand it.  Your comments make it sound like you think everyone who doesn't agree with you is an idiot.
719	Michaelj	2012-05-07	The main aim of an episode is to entertain?Well, why not send in the clowns then? Or a parade of naked women, or maybe a string of gruesome killings? I am sure that will entertain. I am not sure it is the sort of entertainment the show should be.And yes, no one stole those dragons despite Dany being in a dangerous situation. Maybe you should stop and think about why that might be?If you just like the episode and don't care about the changes or don't care about it being true to the spirit of the books, fine. That's a different approach to watching and it is valid too. But I am going to question someone's knowledge and understanding of the books if they claim that this episode was entirely true to the spirit of the books. I am going to question them as a reader.That said, each person can obviously take different things away from a book and focus on different aspects of the books. But there are scenes in this episode that I cannot imagine ever having been written by GRRM. And I don't see how anyone else would think so.By entertainment I mean't a good storyline that draws the viewer in, I for one do not find clowns or hordes of naked women entertaining, but rather annoying. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Whats the point of having an episode to the letter if the average viewer doesn't understand it and he grows bored? Many people including myself who have read the books appreciate that this episode was highly entertaining and drew me in and made me sit on the edge of my chair.Yes I do wonder why that was? At the time she was hardly a threat IMO. She had a small host and no real allies backing her up, since the death of Drogo. Perhaps everyone just had a lot of respect for her? I'm not really sure tbh. But I see this as an exciting move from HBO, perhaps a whatif scenario if GRRM did include it in the books.Nobody is doubting that. It wasn't 100% true to the spirit of the book agreed.I read somewhere that GRRM personally praised this episode. I don't know how true this source is but if it is true then GRRM isn't complaining either way. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />PS: I do generally respect what you and your friend have done for ASOIAF, with the wiki, site and forums, its just I'm in a disagreement with the way you analysis went. Obviously everyone is entitled to an opinion as long as it isn't labeled as a fact.
720	gogorath	2012-05-07	Well, I don't consider it an hour well spent. So, for me something was harmed: my enjoyment. I watch to see the story I love on TV. No other reason.GRRM...has a very different personality to Alan Moore, who is pretty unique in many ways.Thank you.  That's all I wanted to know.
721	Ran	2012-05-07	I think our reviews, past and present, have made it pretty plain that we don't expect an exact adaptation of the text, nor do we desire it. But an exact recreation of its spirit and voice doesn't seem far-fetched to ask for. Spirit and voice doesn't require exact scene translations, but it does need understanding where the story is coming from and trying to present it in that light. Often times, they succeed. Sometimes... not so much.
722	Howdyphillip	2012-05-07	I don't rest my feelings on Myrcella or anything like that -- but we do try to be complete in noting all changes, that included (and as greywolf says, that actually helps define Myrcella...)But the Lorch scene is bad TV, badly staged and badly written, with a humorous tone that's I'll-befitting the spirit of the novels. Can you imagine GRRM having written that scene and playing it for a laugh as the show did? I can't, and so it fails both tests, badly. I find it unaccountable how so few critics have noticed the lazy, dissonant writing of the Lorch scene (and the one before it, for that matter), but in any case, it felt symptomatic of an episode that leaned too heavily on contrivances that would get Mad Men or Breaking Bad or Justified taken to the woodshed by critics if scenes that were as contrived and clumsy made it onto those shows.And again, there was some terrific writing in there, which is why the unevenness is all the more disappointing.In the end, it's a sea of opinions. Read the ones that speak to you, and hang the rest.Although I can agree with the fact that the tone of the Lorch scene didn't fit in with the novel, I personally didn't find it particularly egregious, or an example of bad television writing. I didn't even realize that other guards were not chasing after Arya until after I read the episode analysis. I can easily overlook this as sometimes in life, things don't happen in the ways that we perceive would be the "right" way.As far as bringing a bit of humor in dark and dangerous situations, I see this all of the time in shows like Breaking Bad.
	Spoiler  The incident of dissolving bodies in the bathtub comes to mind immediately.
The show is intense. It needs moments of humor to break up the peril these characters find themselves in. I completely understand why the writers approached this scene in the manner they did. It also helps establish just what kind of assassin that Jaqen H'ghar is. Reading about this character gave me the impression that his abilities were almost super human. This scene helps establish that.I don't think this is the best scene of the episode, but I personally didn't find it distracting, and found a lot to enjoy in watching it.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 07 May 2012 - 01:52 PM.
723	Sun	2012-05-07	The main aim of an episode is to entertain?No, perish the thought. Personally I watch episodic fantasy television purely for educational purposes.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 01:53 PM.
724	Ran	2012-05-07	Ah, I wasn't referring to dark humor. BB has plenty. 
I meant the contrivances to make that scene happen, which was really all a matter of bad staging. I don't understand why it was set in a crowded courtyard full of Lannister men who have nothing better to do than to grab runaway servants, when it could just as well have been cleared out to represent some empty part of the castle. But set it there they did, and it just looks kind of hokey, all these extras in Lannister gear just ignoring her, ignoring Lorch, and Lorch never once thinking to order someone to just grab her.
725	Linda	2012-05-07	No, perish the thought. Personally I watch episodic fantasy television purely for educational purposes.So you don't care how it entertains and who it entertains? Jersey Shore entertains a lot of people, I am sure.This is why most fantasy on tv has sucked in the past. Yes, of course a story has to entertain, but if it doesn't care about how it entertains, it will be soulless.
726	Fez	2012-05-07	Not going to get in to the debate over the artistic license of the producers, I think I've been very clear in the past how I stand on that issue. (Although I do reserve the right to get righteously upset if all of a sudden one of the dragons gets killed or Littlefinger is the third name or whatever)
I do want to say though that I've thought things over and if I could vote again I think I'd give it an 8 instead of a 7; maybe even a 9. I think I was initially just shocked at how quick things were moving compared to previous episodes and that change made me think of the episode as disjointed, when in reality everything that happened had been set-up rather nicely. As always, its hard for me tell just how well things are flowing together since I, like everyone whose read the books as many (or far more) times than I have, can connect all the dots no matter what.
727	Linda	2012-05-07	There are necessary changes due to different medium, budget, etc. Then there's "we just liked this better".
I don't respect the latter. At all.
728	Ran	2012-05-07	I've already said that change is the nature of adaptation. But I don't believe a change of medium necessitates a change of voice and tone. It might lead to that, sometimes inadvertently, some times on purpose. But it's not absolutely necessary. 
Again, D&D are trying to be faithful to the spirit of the story. Sometimes they succeed, sometimes they fail.
729	Hyper	2012-05-07	Ran,
I'm curious why you seem to think that Arya's scenes in this episode are almost objectively bad. Are they? From reading many recaps from reviewers (and seeing Tumblr and twitter reactions) - and as you noted, it seems to be a highlight of the episode for many.
This seems to be a case where your dislike of the change (& details) causes you to dismiss the whole set of scenes as bad. But not just pad, poorly plotted, "contrived", and filled with "false tension". A bit strong, IMO.
Many scenes adapted more faithfully from the book could easily be argued as being contrived. But as book readers, we are OK with it.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 07 May 2012 - 02:21 PM.
730	Lord Hodor	2012-05-07	But Ran, adaptations are notorious for veering.  Did you read GRRM's intro to the Graphic Novel?  He acknowledges changes HAVE to be made when switching to new mediums.  If you don't take the show as its own entity, you're not going to enjoy it.I do not agree with this. GRRM did not write the ultimate fantasy story, as good as it is, you can make a TV show based or inspired by it and either make it better, exactly the same or worse. In this case I belive, as many others do, that it was made worse.You can enjoy an adaptation, any adaptation if it`s done well, as an improvement or an addition to the original story, a way to say "Thank you for writting this, here`s a little movie we did in it`s honor". If it changes for the worse, which many people belive it does, it`s not so much a "Thank you" but a "F you, here`s how we`re gonna change your carefully thought out story for money". And belive it or not, people take issue with that.I didn`t find this episode good, the early aspects of Winterfell though very well done, felt so rushed, they just show up inside winterfell in broad daylight dragging wounded Ser Rodrick around like it`s no thing. What happened to the deception from Cleftjaw? How did theon`s one boat crew defeated the 200+ winterfell force?Arya and Tyrion scenes, much like their chapters in the books, always save the day, being the highlights of the whole thing.Lorch, Littlefinger Teleporting, and Dany`s scenes were the low points.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Hodor, 07 May 2012 - 02:37 PM.
731	Mr Fixit	2012-05-07	What is not the point of it? I honestly cannot see why that is a question. We are, first and foremost, fans of the books and we watch it as an adaptation. To review it in any other context would be pointless for us. I am not interested in the TV-show on its own merits, it cannot exist on its own merits.I've been watching TV shows and reading books for some decades now. And while I respect your opinion and your right to have it, that kind of inflexible approach to source material often proves to be pretty detrimental. Not really the best examples, I admit, but I am reminded of all the sound and fury Deep Space Nine was subjected to because "it's not really Star Trek" and because it "betrayed Roddenberry's vision". Or the bashing the reimagined Battlestar Galactica endured as it was called GINO (Galactica in name only). By all means, put the books at the front of your considerations, all nice and dandy, but please do try to avoid some of the pitfalls you seem to repeatedly fall into.
732	Ran	2012-05-07	I don't have a problem with the changes, though, which is why it's frustrating talking with people who harp on it. Amory Lorch being the second victim? Not a problem. Arya and Tywin? Good scenes (although I admit I think they're in danger of going to that well too often -- why not have her interact with Gendry or Hot Pie a bit, too?). 
But badly staged television is badly staged. No one can come up with a credible reason why Arya can run around freely through a crowd of Lannister soldiers just milling about, Lorch chasing and shouting at her, and no one does anything, he doesn't think to maybe just tell one of those guards she keeps bumping into to grab her, etc. This was ill-considered. It was sloppy, lazy writing. That most people don't care is, I suppose, a blessing for them, but I noticed it right out and I was left wondering how in the world that scene made it to air without the tweaks needed to make it work properly.
In any case. It's not about changes. It's about scenes that work and scenes that don't work, and sometimes the scenes that don't work are faithful to the tone but just poorly written or badly acted, and sometimes scenes that do work aren't especially faithful but they're really good. The Lorch sequence was neither faithful nor particularly good. And I'm baffled that people number it as among their favorites in the episodes, but that's why there are different strokes for different folks, folks.
Finally, we're one review among many, and I think we've explained our approach to reviewing pretty well, I think, like it or lump it. We should move on to letting people just say what they rated, which is the ostensible purpose of the thread!
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 07 May 2012 - 02:29 PM.
733	snapdragon	2012-05-07	Once again, I completely disagree. No changes of any true relevance, especially not enough to justify a claim that its becoming merely inspired by the books.Other than the dragon theft, there weren't any major changes. And I'm confident that will turn out for the best."true relavence" is relative. i guess to some people having dany's dragons stolen, Robb's love storyline completely different from what Martin originally wrote, Littlefinger popping up everywhere you look, leaving out Meera and Jojen, and possibly even skipping the important stuff with the Halfhand is acceptable to cut from the show.to me, it feels like the writers of the show are simply saying "my version of a song of ice and fire is better than Martin's". I can pretty much gurantee you're wrong if you say otherwise- why else would they make so many (lame) changes?
734	Sun	2012-05-07	So you don't care how it entertains and who it entertains? Jersey Shore entertains a lot of people, I am sure.This is why most fantasy on tv has sucked in the past. Yes, of course a story has to entertain, but if it doesn't care about how it entertains, it will be soulless.Yes, I agree with you there, yet this episode is anything but soulless. It was poignant, dramatic, well themed and well paced. I agree with Ran that the Amory Lorch moment seemed like a scene more at home in a Pink Panther movie than on GOt. I also believe that the Talisa/Robb interaction, in both episodes we've seen so far, represents some of the worst tendencies of romantic scene writing. But both these brief less than stellar scenes did not, and could not, as a whole take away from an extremely well orchestrated and delivered hour of drama.Is the episode perfect? No, ofcourse not. But for me, it was a fabulous hour of television.On the Myrcella crying issue; There's a very good reason why they could not have her go off dry eyed and stolid, because it would have come off at best as unrealistic, and at worst as very bad acting. It would also have reduced the overall drama of that parting scene, as viewers connect with characters and situations primarily through emotion. The emotional link with that little girl being shipped away to a strange land all on her own, would have been diminished. Consequently, our connection to Cersie's pain over the loss of her only daughter, a child, sold like so much chattel, sent away alone, would have also been undercut. It was necessary to deliver the drama of the moment in which the scene lived.When Myrcella's character comes into narrative focus in the future, the show will, hopefully, define her in accordance to GRRM's vision using whatever dramatic means necessary for that moment.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 07 May 2012 - 02:56 PM.
735	DemiNymph	2012-05-07	7. It was a pretty meh episode. Nothing much happens, or rather, nothing big happens.
The highlight of the show was the wolves and seeing the little bastard Joffery getting slapped again. Woohoo!
Arya + Tywin is always a pleasure. As mentioned, the whole Armory Lorch sequence should have been coordinated better. It's a sloppy execution but I can still suspend my disbelief for a while since it's TV. 
Yigritte was good. Much better than expected. TV Jon Snow is a wuss. It's better that he just let her go, like in the books. So now TV Jon Snow can't make good decisions. He can't even tie her up properly. Geez. 
Theon is getting quite detestable, but that's good, it's just like in the books. The whole winterfell conquest was meh. Not much drama. Nor is the escape. 
Dany's storyline. Still meh. Dragons got stolen... yeah, I don't buy it but it's ok since I don't care much for her storyline. 
Can't really remember anything else that went on. It is a good transitional episode, that's all.
736	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-07	Best episode of season 2 so far, I simply loved it. For Sandor and Sansa, for Tyrion who slaps Joffrey again, the look Jaqen H'gar gives Arya.. This is going to be a long wait until next week.
737	duncanthemedium	2012-05-07	AWESOME episode... again, not giving it a 10 cuz that's reserved for Blackwater.
Great acting from Bran, Theon, Tywin
Thank you to D&D for adding something interesting to Dany's storyline. (Its funny how I worship ASOIAF yet absolutely despise Dany..and its affecting my judgement of the TV character too)
Jack Gleeson's Joffrey takes the crown (lol) for me, though, for that little scene with Sansa at the beginning. I wish they postpone the PW for as long as possible so that we can enjoy his performances.
I was kinda weirded out by the Osha scene...cuz well...never thought of her naked, lol. 
Great episode over all
738	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-07	OT: best episode so far, I gave it a 9. Arya and Dany's storyline have improved for the better. The rest was enthralling as well. Highlight was, yet again, Tywin and Arya, especially with the suspense revolving LF.
On the eternal purist vs. apologist discussion: I think many here ARE judging the show according to the two axes proposed by Ran (spirit of books and merit as television). 
The difficulty of the first axis is that it will never be resolved what "the spirit" of the novels is. It's a very vague criterion. Is Myrcella at the core of asoiaf's spirit? I don't think so but for others it is. Or are we talking about broader themes like the ambiguity of morality and the dirty game of politics? How far do you take it? The spirit may seem self-evident but it really is not.
And even if there is a general consensus about that spirit, does that mean it is without flaws? I doubt it, considering all the disussions on the general boards. Is affc boring or not? Is Dany's storyline entertaining or not? Are the iron islands and dorne interesting or not? These questions all have proponents and detractors. This issue is more related to the second axis (the merit)
D&D have made their own choices about all these questions. Their definition of the spirit may differ from other readers and, what is more, they think they can tweek it to appeal to a broader audience. I think that is totally legitimate and I'm enjoying it so far. It's not perfect but no TV show is.
739	Incesticide	2012-05-07	I just have a question for the people that have been consistantly complaining about the changes in the story that the show keeps making from the books:Now that you know that the show is going to do that, and it annoys you, why do you keep watching?  I mean, if you can't accept, whether you like it or not that, this is the direction the show will take for future seasons as well as the conclusion of this season, why do you keep tuning in?  For once, I'm not being sarcastic.Is it out of an obligation that you read the books and thus have to watch the show?  Are you still watching just to mock it out, alla MST3K?I mean, I used to like Fringe, then I thought it got goofy, so I stopped watching it.  If you don't like the changes, and you can't accept that its being made into a seperate entity, with storylines vastly different from the book, why subject yourself to an hour of annoyance?You have the right to your opinions, and that's what this forum is for, but you can't question our love of the books because we can understand and accept that the show is the show, and the books are the books.  Besides, doesn't it say "BASED on A Song of Ice and Fire" in the credits?As a self-confessed "complainer" I don't claim to answer for everybody complaining about storyline changes nor should this reply be treated as such. In fact in my case, I do believe I agree with you - we're not all masochists.As I said in my original post, I'm no GRR Martin purist and there were changes to the storyline which I particularly enjoyed. The first season gave me no cause for complaint and neither did the second season barring episodes 2 and 6.  In my case therefore, the only reasons I can think of to keep watching it would be twofold:1) There will be episodes which I will enjoy interspersed between the ones that I do not. (Case in point episodes 3-5 this season)2) The changes made in the series will eventually make sense as I'll be able to appreciate the new storyline for what it is.That said, as from yesterday's episode I've decided to stop watching. I am dissatisfied with the series simply because as from the last episode it is no longer my cup of tea. I watch a tv series to enjoy it. Having read the books and much of the official background information, I have a certain world and detailed story imagined in my head. Now, a few of the changes made in the series occassionally come into conflict with that, in some cases horribly and it isn't something I particularly enjoy. Ergo, since I am no longer enjoying it, I'm more than happy to stick with the original text.I'm well aware that HBO is in the business of making and keeping viewers, plenty of people are happy with the series (as is GRR Martin) so who am I to complain.So, to answer your question. I kept watching it only to see if the second episode of this season was a fluke. It seems that it wasn't.
740	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-07	That crazed, lost and piteous look on Theon's face right after he beheaded Rodrik was BEYOND.
That scene was more harrowing than even Ned's beheading. Theon has crossed the point of no return in this moment and yet, because of Alfie Allen, we STILL feel something for Theon. I love, love, love Allen's portrayal of this character. I can't express it enough. Dinklage/Tyrion get a lot of the great lines but it's the ones like Alfie Allen , Maisie Williams and Charles Dance that really make this series something so special. 
Also kudos to Isaac Hempstead-Wright for playing Bran so well during the Sacking of Winterfell. I loved the nonchalant attitude he showed Theon when he "triumphantly" stormed into his bedchamber. Loved how be portrayed absolute panic and shock when he realized Theon was going to behead the beloved Rodrik Cassel. I totally felt what he was feeling in the moment.
741	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-07	That said, as from yesterday's episode I've decided to stop watching. I am dissatisfied with the series simply because as from the last episode it is no longer my cup of tea. I watch a tv series to enjoy it. Having read the books and much of the official background information, I have a certain world and detailed story imagined in my head. Now, a few of the changes made in the series occassionally come into conflict with that, in some cases horribly and it isn't something I particularly enjoy. Ergo, since I am no longer enjoying it, I'm more than happy to stick with the original text.While I don't agree with your opinions on the show, I admire and applaud the fact that you're sensible enough to stop wasting 50 minutes of your week watching a TV program that doesn't appeal to you, rather than using it as a platform to continually piss and moan to others about the impurity of the product.
742	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-07	Yes, I agree with you there, yet this episode is anything but soulless. It was poignant, dramatic, well themed and well paced. I agree with Ran that the Amory Lorch moment seemed like a scene more at home in a Pink Panther movie than on GOt. I also believe that the Talisa/Robb interaction, in both episodes we've seen so far, represents some of the worst tendencies of romantic scene writing. But both these brief less than stellar scenes did not, and could not, as a whole take away from an extremely well orchestrated and delivered hour of drama.Is the episode perfect? No, ofcourse not. But for me, it was a fabulous hour of television.On the Myrcella crying issue; There's a very good reason why they could not have her go off dry eyed and stolid, because it would have come off at best as unrealistic, and at worst as very bad acting. It would also have reduced the overall drama of that parting scene, as viewers connect with characters and situations primarily through emotion. The emotional link with that little girl being shipped away to a strange land all on her own, would have been diminished. Consequently, our connection to Cersie's pain over the loss of her only daughter, a child, sold like so much chattel, sent away alone, would have also been undercut. It was necessary to deliver the drama of the moment in which the scene lived.When Myrcella's character comes into narrative focus in the future, the show will, hopefully, define her in accordance to GRRM's vision using whatever dramatic means necessary for that moment.YES. I completely agree with this statement! If we were seeing Myrcella being shipped off cheerfully as she was in the books it would have diminished the emotional impact of Cersei's venomous words towards Tyrion moments later. Sometimes the show improves on the books and I think this was one of those moments. It's much more realistic to have a girl cry as she's leaving her family and all that she knows than to have her chirping and happy.
743	Serc	2012-05-07	Best episode of Season 2. Worth a 10.Everything was done fantastically. It had action and drama and a sense of flow that the other episodes haven't matched. The book changes are done well; Qarth might just end up not being one uninteresting bore with her dragon's stolen (as well, I always wondered why they didn't take them in the books). Tywin's actor dominates the screen. He's easily the best actor in the entire cast.Arya stealing the letter... Lolwat? Why not just read the damn thing and leave it there. When the letter goes missing, it's not like Tywin isn't going to immediately know who stole it. And, of course, Amory had it on him when he died in front of Tywin. Nice save by Jaqen though.I cannot comprehend the people expecting this to be like the books or claiming that it 'betrays' GRRM's vision. Newsflash: GRRM has done things extremely poorly. He's had bad scenes, bad characters, and bad, nonsensical plot. This is a second runthrough and I highly suspect they're polishing and fixing things he's had issues with. You can't show half of what the books do purely because they're revealed through monologue or else too subtle for the screen. This necessitates changes and a change from his 'vision'. Due to both limited time and the medium, the show should be more entertaining and action packed than the books while still retaining as much of the intriguing plot as possible... and that's what they're doing. It shouldn't try to be as in depth or 'deep' because it won't be able to manage it.I will bet money to the effect that Brienne will not be wandering the Riverlands in the show. That was, while... important... in the books, boring for the show.That said, yes, this show had some issues. Something that stood out for me was the guy's arm getting torn out during the riot. The rest of the riot was done marvelously, but I just had to shake my head at that part. Jon missing with his strike just strikes me as him being incompetent. As mentioned, the letter and Arya. However, none of these flaws were big enough to merit more than a flash of irritation. The episode was great.
744	Davieboy	2012-05-07	Fab episode, 9 for me. Best so far this series. Theon magnificent, well done Alfie! 
Sacking of Winterfell, mob attack, both just great. "Little bird......"
Ygritte; perfectamondo! 
And where's the love for Osha? Magnificent acting there, improving the perfection of the novel. Nat - brilliant!
Years later and I'm still spellbound...
745	Hyper	2012-05-07	That said, as from yesterday's episode I've decided to stop watching. I am dissatisfied with the series simply because as from the last episode it is no longer my cup of tea. I watch a tv series to enjoy it. Having read the books and much of the official background information, I have a certain world and detailed story imagined in my head. Now, a few of the changes made in the series occassionally come into conflict with that, in some cases horribly and it isn't something I particularly enjoy. Ergo, since I am no longer enjoying it, I'm more than happy to stick with the original text.Well, props to you if you stick with it. But I doubt it.
746	Plem	2012-05-07	Gave it a 9.
The opening scene seemed a little sudden, but Alfie Allen acted the hell out of it. I really hope he gets at least considered for an Emmy this year. Bran's face when Rodrik was killed broke my heart. I was also happy with the way they handled Osha's character. I cheered a little when she helped the Stark kids escape even though I knew it was coming.
Ygrittes introduction was done pretty well, even though I'm not sure about the way she acted towards Jon. Wildlings and Crows are supposed to hate each other's guts, but she behaved as if she had never been in the company of a man before - five minutes after he killed her people she was all giggles and cuddly. Wasn't a big fan of Qhorin Halfhand in the books and I don't really like him on the show either. He just comes across as an arrogant know-it-all.
In the books I was always a little disappointed with the way GRRM completely disregarded logic by having Arya not "come out" to Roose Bolton (yeah, I know he's a son of a bitch who can't be trusted, but Arya didn't) and not having Jaqen kill Tywin, so I'm really glad they are removing both those problems on the show. She is getting pretty close to Tywin and it makes sense that she feels some sort of bond with him. I didn't really like the Amory Lorch scene though. Seemed quite silly and she could have told him just about anything, he wouldn't have suspected a thing since he can't read. It would have been a great opportunity to show how smart and quick on her feet Arya is.
The scenes in King's Landing were really hard to watch, because I felt so sorry for Sansa. I was surprised that they went so far as to show her almost being raped after they chickened out on showing the repeated beatings she took from Joffrey. It was sweet of Tyrion to be so concerned for her, although he was probably more worried about what would happen to Jaime if something happened to Sansa. I kind of feel sorry for Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - he's only been in one episode out of 6 and I'm getting a feeling he won't appear again until the last one of the season. At least it shows that the writers aren't afraid to get rid of certain characters for a significant amount of episodes - makes me wonder how they will handle Theon's/Reek's arc later on.
747	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-07	YES. I completely agree with this statement! If we were seeing Myrcella being shipped off cheerfully as she was in the books it would have diminished the emotional impact of Cersei's venomous words towards Tyrion moments later. Sometimes the show improves on the books and I think this was one of those moments. It's much more realistic to have a girl cry as she's leaving her family and all that she knows than to have her chirping and happy.The Myrcella of the books is a dignified little princess - she might not have been happy about being shipped off to Dorne, but she didn't cry like a little girl of our times would. The scene is jarring - it makes Tyrion look like an unfeeling man who uses his niece as a pawn regardless of the impact on her but doesn't provide the context that this was how all the children of the nobility in that world are treated and raised to expect. The emotionalism of today is not the norm for that world or for most of the history of this world - children were expected to grow up, work and act like small adults at a much earlier age.
748	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-07	If they had shown Myrcella looking perfectly happy that she was being shipped off, the audience would not think she was strong -- they would think she was a poor actress, and it would look incredibly jarring with Cersei and Tyrion's dialogue. The scenes in King's Landing were really hard to watch, because I felt so sorry for Sansa. I was surprised that they went so far as to show her almost being raped after they chickened out on showing the repeated beatings she took from Joffrey. It was sweet of Tyrion to be so concerned for her, although he was probably more worried about what would happen to Jaime if something happened to Sansa. I kind of feel sorry for Nikolaj Coster-Waldau - he's only been in one episode out of 6 and I'm getting a feeling he won't appear again until the last one of the season. At least it shows that the writers aren't afraid to get rid of certain characters for a significant amount of episodes - makes me wonder how they will handle Theon's/Reek's arc later on. Jaime's in the next episode, and I suspect he'll be in 8 and 10 as well, meaning he'd be in 4 out of 10 episodes -- the same as Melisandre.
749	Robb_	2012-05-07	A very easy 10/10, the best of Season 2 so far by a clear mile.
750	Northern Soul	2012-05-07	My favourite episode of the season, edging out episode 3. A solid 9/10. 
I just feel like every sequence delivered and was purposeful. Great mix of character/plot development and action. 
It had s similar feel to episode 6 of last season, where the tension and talking started to ramp up and the tempo increased. 
Arya scenes were great, Winterfell was intense and emotive, Jon sequences were great for world building and furthering his story, Robb scenes were very watchable, KL stuff was gripping, even Dany was quite interesting. 
Only downside was nothing from Stannis and his gang, but you can't have everything.
751	tfoxx22	2012-05-07	I thought this one was probably the best of the season so far. I really can't complain about any of it although there were quite a few changes from the book i thought it was a really good episode. 9/10
752	The Monkey	2012-05-07	As others have said, there are two dimensions to this TV series. One is making a faithful adaption and the other is making good television. In nine cases out of ten, the two coincide, but when they don't, the latter has to be given priority. I don't agree with all the changes they have made (the Littlefinger fingerbanging brothel scene in S1E7 comes to mind), but in general it has served the purpose of making good television.
Expanding Dany's arc in Qarth with the stolen dragons subplot was necessary, because she simple doesn't do enough in the books to warrant the interest of the audience (and the cost of the set and actors involved). Diverging from Arya's Harrenhall storyline was also necessary because the chapters in the book were interesting only because of Arya's internal monologue. If that part had been kept faithful to the books, we would have half a season of Arya being bossed around by Lannister and Bolton henchmen, and killing a few nobodys in the process. Making her Tywin's cupbearer was a brilliant move and, apart from making the story more interesting, also gives us plenty of screen time for two fantastic actors to play off one another. I will gladly trade the original story for that.
Regarding the popularity of the changes, take this episode. It is arguably the least faithful to the books so far, but even so the majority of non-book readers in other forums seem to think it's the best episode of the season. Also, the fact that the 75% of the voters in this thread (the majority of which I would assume are book readers) have given it a score between 8 and 10 also speaks volume to the depth of this episode's success.
753	Dornish Hen	2012-05-07	For the sake of the above argument, it is possible to to enjoy both the books and the shows (because of the changes) as two different entities.  I didn't begin reading the books until after the series ended in June.  I loved the TV version on its own, and I enjoyed being shocked during almost every episode. (Hello, Baelor!)This season, while I love reading and rereading the books, I've missed that element of surprise I enjoyed last season.  That's one of the reasons I gave this episode a 9!  I was on the edge of my seat along with my two non-book reader friends!   I liked the changes the writers made to this episode.  Intense spirit fingers to The Hound!!  He's back!!That crazed, lost and piteous look on Theon's face right after he beheaded Rodrik was BEYOND.   				 /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
754	King_Of_Winter	2012-05-07	Got a 9 from me.
I really liked the opening sequence, took me by surprise even though I knew that would eventually happen. I also thought Alfie Allen was excellent in it, you could really see Theon's torn feelings when he kills Rodrick. I'm looking forward to seeing him playing Reek.
The riot scene was also done very well. I was really happy to see the Hound do what he does best (being a BAMF) and Jack Gleeson was suitably vile in the scene. I also liked Tyrion's "You owe him (Jaime) quite a bit you know" line to Joffrey, that was nice and sly /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> . However, I did think that the High Septon (I think) having his arm torn off was a bit excessive.
Dany was a bit meh, but her chapters are dull in the book, so I guess it's only natural. I do like Emilia Clarke's portrayal of her though.
What surprised me most about this episode was the amount of changes from the books that I liked, contrary to most purists I'd wager.
I liked that Theon killed Rodrick, gave it more significance than having Theon kill Mikken. Osha's added scenes were also enjoyable as well since I find her character in the show is much more interesting than in the books.
I also liked the changes to Arya's story as well: Littlefingers inclusion added tension, Tywin comes across as more human and sympathetic (though I've always kind of liked Tywin in the books) and I thought the 2nd death was handled fairly well.
Ygritte's extended scene with Jon was also quite good, giving their future scenes a little bit more depth.
The inclusion of the attempted rape of Sansa was also quite dramatic and even though I've read the books and I knew that she would be fine, I was a bit worried for her.
The theft of Dany's dragons was also a good inclusion and a good cliffhanger I thought.
The only change I did not like was with Robb and Talisa (Jeyne). I'm just not buying their romance at all and find their scenes a bit difficult to watch. I would prefer that they did it like it was in the books, but if they had to change it I just wish that it was handled a bit better.
755	Michaelj	2012-05-07	As others have said, there are two dimensions to this TV series. One is making a faithful adaption and the other is making good television. In nine cases out of ten, the two coincide, but when they don't, the latter has to be given priority. I don't agree with all the changes they have made (the Littlefinger fingerbanging brothel scene in S1E7 comes to mind), but in general it has served the purpose of making good television.Expanding Dany's arc in Qarth with the stolen dragons subplot was necessary, because she simple doesn't do enough in the books to warrant the interest of the audience (and the cost of the set and actors involved). Diverging from Arya's Harrenhall storyline was also necessary because the chapters in the book were interesting only because of Arya's internal monologue. If that part had been kept faithful to the books, we would have half a season of Arya being bossed around by Lannister and Bolton henchmen, and killing a few nobodys in the process. Making her Tywin's cupbearer was a brilliant move and, apart from making the story more interesting, also gives us plenty of screen time for two fantastic actors to play off one another. I will gladly trade the original story for that.Regarding the popularity of the changes, take this episode. It is arguably the least faithful to the books so far, but even so the majority of non-book readers in other forums seem to think it's the best episode of the season. Also, the fact that the 75% of the voters in this thread (the majority of which I would assume are book readers) have given it a score between 8 and 10 also speaks volume to the depth of this episode's success.Couldn't of said it better myself.
756	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-07	A 9 from me - I've finally seen it.  I loved the pace and the fact that certain scenes were given more room to develop, as opposed to the choppy editing of the first couple of episodes.  I was dreading Rodrik's beheading - as it's my particular bete noire - but I thought it was well done and Bran's pleading was heartbreaking.  The little Lord became a little boy helpless to save a respected friend.  Didn't mind the riot scene without horses - it would have been near impossible to film, but I do agree that the royals walking abroad gave a flavour more akin to ancient Rome, where magistrates did walk the streets, accompanied by their lictors, than a pseudo-mediaeval world's mores.  However, I think they did their best within these constraints, and once the action got going, I forgot all about that.  Sansa's near rape was particularly terrifying - far more so, for me, than the tearing apart of the High Septon (again rather like the Roman mob tearing Livius Drusus limb from limb, or the poet Cinna).  And I do have a soft spot for SanSan, so the rescue went down well among the three gals who watched this in my house.
Loved Rose Leslie.  She rescued Ygritte for me.  She took a character from the book whom I loathed with a passion, and made me like her - so that's another plus. 
I don't mind Dany's story being pepped up with the stealing of her babies.  Nor do I mind that they've put her into Viserys mode - she needs to be taken down a peg or two now, and learn to mature, which I am sure the show writers will do to our satisfaction (one hopes).  I'm a Dany supporter in any case, even though I know she's far from flawless.  I dunno - I just connect with her plight. 
There are always nitpicks - even on a 9.  0.5 for each.  Amory Lorch's death (I think I can see where Ran was coming from with his crit of this - purely as TV, nothing to do with book adaptations).  It certainly did look comical when he keeled over with the dart in his neck.  I did actually giggle, but perhaps we were supposed to, so the jury's out on that one.  0.5 off also for how out-of-the-blue the attack at XXD's house was.  We'd had no inkling that would happen, really - or if we had, I missed it.  So when those doors opened on the corpses, it felt a wee bit clumsy to me.
Another awkward thing for me is Alfie Allen - still.  On the one hand, if you close your eyes and listen to his delivery, it can be quite woeful; thinking of the character in the book, however, I have to be generous here and say that he does nail the gloriously inept Theon.  One receives this portrayal with a mixture of hatred and pity, which I think it right - so I'll give Alfie the benefit of the doubt.  I would certainly not be in the 'give him an award camp', not by a long shot, but he is doing his best.  I just wish he could be more consistent.  He has flashes of sheer brilliance, and then we get the wooden delivery again.  But to carp on about it would be churlish.  He's getting the character across, so I'll shut up about it.
The reason I've given it 9, is because I was still engrossed with each unfolding storyline, and swore like a troooper at each commercial break on Sky.  And as a spectacle and acting vehicle, notwithstanding a few tiny nits, I rated it highly.  The producers have got an awful lot to do with the sprawling mess (in a nice way) that was Clash of Kings, and although there may have been some trimming, it has been spared major butchery, IMHO.
On to next week - and hopefully, the return of our Jaime.
757	Lord Barristan	2012-05-07	I really liked this episode. I gave it an 8... The only reason it doesn't get a better grade is because some of the stuff if just plain bad. 
Robb's storyline is painful. What were they thinking to accomplish with Talisa? It's a train wreck IMO
I can't stand carcetti as LF. I think he is doing a terrible job and the writing is bad too. I'm not trying to be a book snob, but IMO one of the things that makes LF so awesome inn GRRMs world is that we don't know what hes doing or what he's planning... We as the readers are left in the dark. I get the impression these LF scenes are being added just for the sake of the actor's undeserved salary. I never liked this guy as carcetti and I like him less as LF
As for the bastard of the Bolton... If he is going to appear, why didnt they just do it like the book? I missed him pledging his sword to theon..; that made the later betrayal more shocking
I'm not just saying this as a fan of the books. 
My favorite tv show of all time is the wire. I think asoif as GRRM wrote is like the wire of fantasy... The tv show doesn't give me that feel... Everything is so spelled out for the audience... It's not that the show isnt great, I love it, but it could be more. If David Simon were writing this (I know he wouldn't but if he were) this show would be 11/10 every week. This is HBO for gods sake, leave some ambiguity for the audience. It's not CBS of TNT... I know it's still complex, but the wire and the sopranos left a lot up to interpretation, don't see why d&d don't do that 
The positives for me were the KL Riot. Dinklage and Joff were great
Theon continues to be my favorite story line.
Maisie Williams is the perfect Arya. Charles Dance is the perfect Tywin
Rose Leslie was awesome too I can't wait see rattleshirt
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 07 May 2012 - 06:05 PM.
758	pleonasm	2012-05-07	My favorite tv show of all time is the wire. I think asoif as GRRM wrote is like the wire of fantasy... The tv show doesn't give me that feel...  Everything is so spelled out for the audience...  It's not that the show isnt great, I love it,  but it could be more  . If David Simon were writing this (I know he wouldn't but if he were) this show would be 11/10 every week. This is HBO for gods sake, leave some ambiguity for the audience. It's not CBS of TNT... I know it's still complex, but the wire and the sopranos left a lot up to interpretation, don't see why d&d don't do thatAmen. It could be so much more. I think it the hands of stronger more sophisticated showrunners, Games of Thrones could have become the best show on television - maybe the best ever. Why a non reader would be that interested in this adaption is pretty baffling to me?The actions scenes are generally poorly put together. The pacing of the series is all over the place. And some of the characters are horribly one note (Joffrey is particulary bad, but Littlefinger maybe the worst given the screentime). Other than the locations shoots, the world looks and feels incredibly small. Yes - Some of its budget, but alot of its at the feet of the showrunners.I'd give it a 4. Great winterfell sequence. Qarth was boring. Robb and Talisa make me want to scratch my eyeballs out. Iceland was pretty, but thats about it. The riot was ok, but could have been an incredible moment in the series.Latest Random Pet Peeve: Why do the Wildings looked like extras that have wandered off from the Empire Strikes Back shoot in Norway? Iceland is pretty, but it must have been expensive. Could they have not just shot those sequences in British Columbia and used the extra money for some other locations and big sequences?
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 07 May 2012 - 07:27 PM.
759	Corvinus	2012-05-07	I have officially given up comparing the plot of the books with that of the show. The only thing I'm still hanging on to is the character portrayal. I never liked how Renly was portrayed, and for the new characters, I don't like Roose Bolton, because he is too lively, and I am not sure about Xaro.I am giving this episode 10 (and should probably give better grades to the previous ones, too) It was exciting and entertaining. Actually the episode deserves a 10 on Joffrey getting slapped alone.I loved the interaction between Tywin and Arya and Lorch's timely assassination. The scene in the streets of King's Landing, and especially the Hound rescuing Sansa was gold. Also Jon & Ygritte were funny. I didn't quite like how the episode began, it felt too rushed, but Rodrik's execution was a powerful moment. I am not sure what to think about Dany's last scene, but one could wonder why this didn't happen in the book as well.
					
					
							Edited by Corvinus, 07 May 2012 - 07:38 PM.
760	CacauCinnamon	2012-05-07	Gave it a 9.My heart was pounding most of the episode. I don't know how I feel about the changes on Dany story. Could be awesome, could be lame. It all depends on the next episode. Still, I think Dany is being a little... hm, stupid.  She treated her dragons like her children, I think she'd leave them more protected and always have one of them by her side. Anyway, still not sure what I think of it.Theon taking Winterfell was strong. Rodrik's death was really intense. I never actually cared for him in the books, but when he mentioned Ned, my heart broke. Painfully. I also love that they are making Theon confused and lost, because on the books he changing sides was a bit "wtf" to me...I am a huge fan of almost all of the female characters and I am excited about Ygritte, I think the actress chosen is perfect for her. I'm not sure how I felt about the end of her scene with Jon, though. I sometimes feel they put too much of the lady's power on their sex appeal, while in the books they don't necessarily rely on that to be strong. But it could also be Ygritte wanting her a piece of Jon, which would then be a lot more awesome, because I love how independent and free this character is.Arya's scenes are always awesome, but I really disliked the hushed death. But I guess it is a great way to show non-readers how Jaqen is awesome.Anyway, loved everything. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
761	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-07	I gave it an 8 mainly due to Robb's stuff. I know they have to show the audience what happens because if it had been faithful to the books, people would have been lost as hell. I understand why they are doing this but I don't think Robb and the actress playing Talisa/Jeyne whoever, have that much chemistry at all.
Overall, I like the deviations from the book. I think in context of the show, it works and I think for once, a LF deviation made sense. I was genuinely worried they would deviate too much from the book and have Sansa take the place of Lollys. I kept telling my husband, "The Hound has to show up or someone! If they have Sansa get raped, I'm going to be pissed." Thankfully, the Hound came in. I also didn't like how rushed Jon's storyline was. I had hoped the introduction of Ygritte would be either next episode or even later but I got it this week but Ygritte rocks and I just laughed so hard with her little um, routine.
762	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	10 for me. The best episode so far in either season- the changes all improved the story IMO and the acting was sublime. I think this episode easily outstripped this section of the written story. How the hell did Dany get away without having her dragons nicked in Qarth in the books for one thing? Glorious
763	House Snow	2012-05-07	I'm watching the wire now and while its a great show it avoids the criticism b/c its a cool gangster show and not a fantasy show.  The truth is there are so many things that happen in the Wire that are ridiculous and completely unbelievable even moreso that GOT, but the genre gives it a shield of armor.  I mean Omar alone is the most impossible and ridiculous character ever.  If you put a broadsword in his hand and not a shotgun people would see this.
764	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-07	Could anyone blame Ygritte for snuggling up next to Jon? What girl (or gay guy) wouldn't in that situation?! lol He's just plain dreamy...
765	Chelly	2012-05-07	This is my favorite of the season so far and I have the feeling the next coming episodes are going to be even better. Just a slight nitpick...I don't know why they need to put the Wall when Jon and company are not at the Wall. I was really looking forward to seeing some beyond the wall map action. Maybe some Fist of the First Men or something....oh, well.
Great epi, I gave a 10. A lot of good stuff here.
766	Incesticide	2012-05-07	Well, props to you if you stick with it. But I doubt it.I doubt that too, to be perfectly honest. I'll probably watch the episodes anyway eventually - if only for the good scenes - but I won't be doing it religiously, won't call myself a "fan" anymore, nor will I be recommending the series anywhere near as wholeheartedly as I used to (or if I do it will be with a massive disclaimer). Not that I'm perfectly happy with the books either, as in there's some minor things I would have written differently, but I can always re-read them and let my imagination go wild.You, Incesticide, are a gentleman and a scholar.You flatter me, ser. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Regarding the popularity of the changes, take this episode. It is arguably the least faithful to the books so far, but even so the majority of non-book readers in other forums seem to think it's the best episode of the season. Also, the fact that the 75% of the voters in this thread (the majority of which I would assume are book readers) have given it a score between 8 and 10 also speaks volume to the depth of this episode's success.That would generally be true except that every episode has been given a score that's heavily skewed towards a value between an 8 or a 10.
					
					
							Edited by Incesticide, 07 May 2012 - 08:51 PM.
767	Leto Atreides	2012-05-07	That was one of the worst epsiode of season 2 so far IMHO.
First of all, why is this episode called "The Old Gods and the New"? There was nothing related to religions or gods in that episode.
The scene where Jon Snow chases Ygritte was competely unnecessary.
The riot in King's Landing looked really cheap and made it look like the dock and the red keep were just 100 feet away from one another. The mob holding the septon's severed leg in the air was laughable. Tyrion being mad a Joffrey didn't make sense either as the boy didn't actually provoke the crowd on the show as he did in the book. At least there was FINALLY some interaction between the Hound and Sansa.
Tywin is way to nice to Arya...this is getting ridiculous.
Daenerys' scenes were as terrible as ever. I'm getting really tired of hearing her make empty threats while acting like a spoiled little girl.
Also, is there one location in Westeros where Peter Bealish isn't? I was almost expecting him to show up in Winterfell to have a chat with Theon.
					
					
							Edited by Leto Atreides, 07 May 2012 - 09:45 PM.
768	Lord Barristan	2012-05-07	Omar is based off of real life people. Even in season 5 when he jumps out of a 5th story building and survives - that actually happened. The guy who is with Omar was the Omar of real life and he jumped out of a 5th story building during a shoot out and lived
Quite frankly I don't know what you're talking about.... I'm from Baltimore and 95% of the stuff that goes down in the show is based on real life
769	Lord Barristan	2012-05-07	I suggest you read David Simons books The Corner and Homicide and realize that the wire is as realistic as a show comes... Or come to Baltimore And see what it's like. I'll take you down to the west side and see if you come away alive
Honestly you're comments are laughable
770	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-07	A 7 for this one which - for me - is the lowest mark of any this series.  Think it would probably be the lowest ever actually.
Not too much wrong with this episode but just seemed to be something missing for me,  
Anyway if the worst an episode of a show can rate is 7/10, they can't be doing too much wrong.
771	Heathered	2012-05-07	Why?  That was one of the defining moments for that character - at that age, to be sent away from her family and to not show emotion at it?  Instead of changing into a Princess not just in name, she remains a child..  Did I care about this change specifically, not really - Myrcella has always been "meh" to me, but I always ask when I see changes of this natuer, why make this change?  Why not just have her not cry?  It doesn't lengthen the scene, cost any more, bring in any other characters.  Why not just leave it as it is?Because by making Myrcella cry, the writers are foreshadowing later events. And you have seen that the writers like to set the stage for future events, i.e., the sympathy for Theon. Also, it may be foreshadowing the fact that Myrcella never sees her family again. As of the fifth book, Myrcella still hasn't returned to King's Landing. I read in an interview that Martin gives the producers a heads up on certain things. Maybe they know something we don't.
772	GSP	2012-05-07	Gave it a nine.
A lot going on from the book that was well portrayed imho. A couple diversions from the books, but in a good for a tv series way.
773	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-07	I do find the 1/2/3 ratings curious. These ratings mean not only is it poor adaptation of the books but objectively bad TV all around putting all gripes about book adaptation aside. I fail to see how anyone can call GoT total rubbish, especialy from people who like the genre and are OK with sex and violence in their reading material.
For myself, I could see rating a bad episode of GoT 4/10 (this one I rate well above that). Generally bad, but there will always be good elements, even if it's just the actors making the best of a bad script. I'll always enjoy Peter Dinklage's chracterisation of Tyrion. Maise, Jack and Sophie never disappoint in their characterisation of Arya, Joff and Sansa. Quality actors will always raise any screenplay above the level of abysmal.
I think the annoying elements of this show can be largely overlooked as I donlt think they have major impacts on the characters' developments, aside from Jon possibly. I initially gave the show an 8, but on reflection I would change it to a 7 if I could, but I'm OK with leaving it at 8. I fear next week's show may drop to a 6 if Jon's story line ends up where it appears to be heading.
774	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-05-07	Perfectly cromulent all the way up to the end. Better by far than last week. A few nitpicks (save the end), but also some very tense scenes and fantastic acting.Alfie Allen, you have won my heart.Despite being a horrific departure from the books, Charles Dance and Maesie Williams are milking their scenes for all they're worth. Fantastic.I'm sure the San-San shippers nearly soiled their clothes tonight. Still a well done scene--the entirety of it. But I had to poke the bear. ;-)But...really, Jaqen & Arry? I mean, it was mostly harmless, but really?Nice work doing the groundwork for Jeyne, Cat's speech included. The non-readers won't know what hit them.OK, now for my rant:Dany is not a victim. D&D seem to think they're better writers than GRRM. This is false. Making her prone to thievery strips her of all agency; now she's just a tool. I'm so fuschia-ing angry about the last scene. Wrong, false, bad. Indefensible.Which is why I only gave it the 8 instead of a 9.
775	Patchface Is AA Reborn	2012-05-08	I gave this episode an 8. For Hilarity sake I hope episode 9 that George wrote himself deviates the most from the novels of any episode to date. The angry tears on this board will be delicious
					
					
							Edited by Patchface Is AA Reborn, 08 May 2012 - 12:09 AM.
776	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-05-08	Having done some Shakespeare before, I tend to approach the show versus the books the way I approach Shakespeare's plays versus their source materials. The historical Macbeth was totally different from Shakespeare's Macbeth. HBO-Shae is very different from book-Shae. Even HBO-Theon, much as I ADORE the character, is sorta different from book-Theon in a lot of ways. But both source and adaptation tell good stories about interesting characters. Just as Shakespeare would take a pre-existing chronicle and tweak it (often to a degree historical 'purists' would consider outrageous) to make it into fine drama, so D&D are taking ASOIAF and tweaking it to make fine television. And while in the back of my mind I know that the tweaks are not canon, are not 'historical' in the context of the history of Westeros as outlined by GRRM, I just don't think in terms of blind adherence to fact when approaching an adaptation of anything anymore. I guess I've already sort of come to terms with the fact that inaccurate adaptations can also simultaneously be rollicking good ones - and compared to Shakespeare, this show hardly qualifies as inaccurate to begin with.A slight tangent, but I just thought I'd throw my two cents in.
					
					
							Edited by A Dark And Stormy Knight, 08 May 2012 - 12:22 AM.
777	Puzzle	2012-05-08	I gave it a solid 9. I rather liked most of the deviations from the books; it kept me constantly guessing and I liked it.
I had to knock off a point for killing Irri though. I know some people don't understand why others are making such a big fuss, but I really did not like that particular change. Irri seemed to be Dany's last connection to the Dothraki who was a recognisable face from last season, with Rakharo killed off, Doreah not actually being a Dothraki and Jhiqui just missing. Also, she was killed off screen, so they obviously did not do it for the dramatic impact, which leaves me wondering what purpose her death served.
Other than that, I loved it. The winterfell scene at the beginning really had me misty eyed, anf the acting was spot on. I also really enjoyed Ygritte. She was neither here nor there for me in the books, but I'm really looking forward to more of her in the show though.
778	Red Raven	2012-05-08	I gave it a 9. I rather liked most of the deviations from the books; it kept me constantly guessing and I liked it.Agreed, Tywin and Arya were my favorite moments of the episode.  I wondered how they were going to handle Arya not pick Tywin as one of her kills and they managed to pull it off by making it an urgent situation.Complaints:  Stealing the dragons was pure cheese.  It didn't make sense to me that Osha didn't take the opportunity to stab Theon before she snuck off with Bran & pals.  I know, I know he's needed later but they could have put Osha somewhere else besides Theon's bedroom.  Ygritte's "wiggling" was annoying.  Other than that, fine episode.
779	redriver	2012-05-08	Cracking episode.Gave it a 9,only because I'm saving my 10's for later.I'm not bothered by the deviations from the books.
If they seem a bit odd now,I'm sure they will work ultimately,including the theft of the dragons.
I laughed out loud at the Lorch death.I'm hoping it was meant to be funny.
780	Eira Seren	2012-05-08	While I agree with the content of your comment, I fail to see how you (or anyone) can judge this at this point, when these diversions from the storyline have not run their full course.There have been a multitude of complaints about immaterial things (peaches!  Xaro is straight!).  At least fifty percent, if not more, of the complaints seem to revolve around these types of issues.  We all have favorite things -- they cut one of my favorite book lines period from last night for no apparent reason -- but sometimes we have to get over them.  Even such things as potentially cutting the Reeds fall here under your definition, which I am all good with.But Dany's dragon getting stolen?  Jon and Ygritte being together earlier?  I suppose some of these could lead to truly substantial changes, but right now it's pretty easy to get back to thematic and character consistency and also hit major plot points.  (E.g. people are freaking that we won't get Qhorin/Jon.  It's possible we won't.  It's possible it won't be like in the books, with Qhorin losing on purpose.  But it's still possible we'll end up exactly where we started but with a better basis for allowing Jon to join the wildings, more Jon plot in season 2 and more Ygritte.)I've frankly seen very few significant and permanent departures.  I haven't seen anything with unavoidable butterfly effects on the main characters. . . .It's true, some of us have pet lines and characters, and find it difficult when they don't measure up to our imaginations, or how they were portrayed in earlier episodes.  Though perhaps we don't know about the significant and permanent departures just yet, seeing as how the book series and the next seasons aren't even finished!  sometimes maybe those of us who've read the books (and maybe those who haven't) wonder if the writers know where the story will go in later seasons, or if they are just coming up with it as they go along. It's definitely interesting to see the changes that work and those that don't so much.  I'm finding I rather like the dragon theft, for instance.I just have a question for the people that have been consistantly complaining about the changes in the story that the show keeps making from the books:Now that you know that the show is going to do that, and it annoys you, why do you keep watching?  I mean, if you can't accept, whether you like it or not that, this is the direction the show will take for future seasons as well as the conclusion of this season, why do you keep tuning in?  For once, I'm not being sarcastic.Is it out of an obligation that you read the books and thus have to watch the show?  Are you still watching just to mock it out, alla MST3K?I mean, I used to like Fringe, then I thought it got goofy, so I stopped watching it.  If you don't like the changes, and you can't accept that its being made into a seperate entity, with storylines vastly different from the book, why subject yourself to an hour of annoyance?You have the right to your opinions, and that's what this forum is for, but you can't question our love of the books because we can understand and accept that the show is the show, and the books are the books.  Besides, doesn't it say "BASED on A Song of Ice and Fire" in the credits?Maybe i sortof answered your question a bit already, at least for my part.  I watch with other viewers, and two have now pretty much decided to stop, mainly because the changes frustrate them so much.  I noticed earlier today that several people on the HBO forum have also decided to stop watching, some have (like one of my friends) even cancelled.  It's nice to know that the show has high enough ratings and enough subscribers that some cancellations and loss of viewers won't effect things like renewals, budget, etc.probably because I love the characters and the story (and admire the incredible depth and richness of the texts) with a passion that is nerdy and pure, i also care what happens to the series.  kindof like when you discover that someone you care about has been badly misconstrued, or at the very least went back to work after lunch with green bean in their teeth and their fly unzipped.  i'm sure as well that the writers also care very much about this series.  and i suppose that HBO has given us the very best, especially with season 1, and now we expect it /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />perhaps the answer is loyalty.  though in Ned's case, that didn't turn out quite as he anticipated.
781	Dalfiatach	2012-05-08	I do find the 1/2/3 ratings curious. These ratings mean not only is it poor adaptation of the books but objectively bad TV all around putting all gripes about book adaptation aside. I fail to see how anyone can call GoT total rubbish, especialy from people who like the genre and are OK with sex and violence in their reading material.The maddest thing about some of the book-purist nerd-rage on the forum is when they start ranting about all the naked people on TV.They did read the same books as the rest of us, right?
782	tryagainlater	2012-05-08	I gave it a 9. I understand a lot of the complaints but the faults of the episode were not enough to deter me from enjoying it. Some rambling thoughts:
-I've been anticipating Theon taking Winterfell and the riot scene since the start of the season and they didn't disappoint.
-Tyrion bitch slap was epic
-San/San stuff was nice to see. Heck, the Hound having a line for once made it for me
-I love Charles Dance so I don't mind Tywin being made more sympathethic. We'll hate him by the Red Wedding anyway
-Dany getting called out on how useless her plan take Westeros is was fun
-Poor Rodrik /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Great scene
-Iceland looks fantastic
-Arya's second kill was lame. People have a right to complain about that. Still love the guy playing Jaqen H'gar though
-Why is Littlefinger the new main character of the show that can apparently teleport around Westeros?
783	DemiNymph	2012-05-08	It does look odd for Littlefinger to show up everywhere in the TV, lol.
But it's actually plausible geographically, but of course they can't show that on TV unless they use the Indiana Jones method to show the audience him travelling by drawing a line on the map.
He went to Renly's camp first. I assume it started in the vicinity of the Stormlands area and they are proceeding towards Kings Landing. It's not too far from the Riverlands where Harrenhal is. Plus Littlefinger is smart enough to talk to Tywin who can see the big picture instead of going back to Kings Landing and talking to the insensible idiot Cersei who will probably block every suggestion. Strategically it is a good move. Always talk to the boss if you want to get anything done. 
In the books, I think he did do some travelling off-camera, from what I remember of Tyrion's pov chapter. Foe example, how did he manage to get the Kettleblacks from the Fingers? Can anyone remind me when do the Kettleblack brothers appear in the books?
784	packersfan	2012-05-08	I gave it a 6, though I probably should have given it more like an 8.
Loved Tyrion and the riot scene.  Well done.
Liked the Night's Watch scenes, though I'm worried they are condensing the story and skipping parts?
Don't like this Lady Talisia.  Don't mind her so much...obviously would catch Robb's eye, but why couldn't they do that with Jeyne Westerling (someone whose family has TIES to the Lannisters and all that junk.)  Instead we get this random hot chick.
Disappointed the Reeds aren't involved.  Wondering how they are going to split up Bran and Rickon, if it is only them, Hodor, and Osha.  Are Hodor and Bran going to go it alone to the Wall?  I just see major problems there.  Also a little disappointed they shifted parts of the Winterfell story around.  Would have loved to see the Bastard Ramsey "break" the siege for Theon and then turn on him revealing his true identity.  We'll see how they do it.  Just seems again, unnecessary divergences from the story for no really good reason.
785	boojam	2012-05-08	Again, D&D are trying to be faithful to the spirit of the story. Sometimes they succeed, sometimes they fail.Except when they fail at keeping the visual drama true to it's only internal logic, or just logic.The awkward ending Harrenhal scene this episode would have benefited from more think through and careful dramatic structuring.
786	Paul Stewart	2012-05-08	6.  The episode made me cringe every time a Jon or Dany segment appeared.  For other members of my audience who are not book-familiar, I did appreciate the warning from Cat to Robb about remembering his agreement.  Most of them had forgotten.
787	Ser Graymax	2012-05-08	You dont tug on Supermans cape
You dont p**** in the wind
You dont draw on the Lone Ranger and
You dont mess around with Sansa
(when the Hound is around).
Bad A** and a great voice unlike his new brothers.
Doesnt mess around, just handles business.
Another 8 from me
Dany remains my least favorite and the actress that plays her is so one dimentional.  No offense to those who like her.
Littlefinger is so off now from how I pictured him.  The actor fit the part so much better in the first season.  Maybe its just because I dont like the actor himself.  Never saw anything I liked him in including his part in The Wire.
Arya makes Tywin quite interesting in this interpretation.  Both his human side and Theons have something the books lacked in both.
Osha naked at last.  I was wondering what was under her furs too. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
Ygrette was a favorite in the book for me, here not so much.  Maybe it just too soon to tell.
And who couldnt love Tyrion slapping Joff again.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 08 May 2012 - 07:00 AM.
788	Ran	2012-05-08	This episode is rating a 8.19 after 322 votes, BTW. That puts it at the 3rd favorite this season, behind episodes 3 and 5.
789	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	I went with 7.  I think if judged relative to the other episodes, I'd rate it lower than that.  I just wasn't as enthralled as with episodes like The Ghost of Harrenhal.  The sets/scenes were stunning, particularly north of the wall.  And Qarthian fashion is eye-catching.  Tywin's conversations with Arya seem off to me, and that was a huge part of this episode.
790	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	I gave this episode an 8. For Hilarity sake I hope episode 9 that George wrote himself deviates the most from the novels of any episode to date. The angry tears on this board will be deliciousMaybe it needs to be spelled out and left in a sticky at the top of the page or something - there are very few complaints about just "changes from the book"; the complaints that are being levied are when there are poor changes or poor scenes.  If George decides to rewrite the battle completely that is his call.  If they film it poorly or use clunky dialogue then it most certainly will deserve harsh criticism.For example - Dany's dragons being stolen.  It's a change, and that is fine.  The problem I have with it is why is this one group the first that has come up with that idea?  It's a plot hole in the books as well - why didn't Jhogo's khalasar come riding down on Dany's after they beheaded Rhakaro and either take or kill the dragons and be named Dragonslayers?  Those are the types of problems that when they make a change they need to seal up.
791	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	The maddest thing about some of the book-purist nerd-rage on the forum is when they start ranting about all the naked people on TV.They did read the same books as the rest of us, right?No, read those comments - it is not about just nudity on TV, it is about the hamfisted way they have inserted most of it.  The Jaime-Cersei scene at Wintefell?  Fine.  The LF brothel scene, not fine.
792	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-08	"Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy, now you are truly lost"
That line gave me goosebumps! Theon has one of the most interesting story archs in the novels and in the TV show I like to think this scene is the moment he really begins his downward spiral. There's no turning back for him now. In season 1 Cassel was for me a pretty boring character but in this episode he totally redeemed himself. And Luwin... Poor Luwin. I like the TV show version better than the one in the novels. He really has some great moments.
I also appreciate that the writers decided to spice up Dany's time in Qarth because that was seriously a pace killer in the novel.
Arya, Tywin and Tyrion are fantastic as always, so I'm giving this episode a 9. The reason it doesn't deserve a top score is because of the teleportating envoys Cat and Baelish, and the lack of Vargo Hoat, because I don't think the show has enough lisping sellswords. Plus, I would've liked to see more of how the Ironborn took Winterfell. Well, here's to hoping that the writers decided to invest more funds in "Blackwater".
793	BlackTalon	2012-05-08	in a crowded courtyard full of Lannister men who have nothing better to do than to grab runaway servants, when it could just as well have been cleared out to represent some empty part of the castle. But set it there they did, and it just looks kind of hokey, all these extras in Lannister gear just ignoring her, ignoring Lorch, and Lorch never once thinking to order someone to just grab her.Actually that may not be as far from the book as it seems at first glance.IIRC there was a scene in the book where Arya stole something (a silver banded drinking horn?) she just snatched it from the knightÂ´s saddle and ran off, across a courtyard packed full of men and horses and nobody seemed to give a damn. Lorch doesnÂ´t strike me as the type who inspires fanatical loyalty in his men
794	insertname	2012-05-08	I'd give it a 8/10
It had some fantastic scenes (As others mentioned - Theons look when murdering ser rodrick is incredible) and I'm actually happy or at least indifferent about most changes from the books. First of all, they simply spice up the things for viewers who ahve already read the books, just because you want to know where they are heading with this. Besides that, most deviations until now haven't taken their course yet. I don't see how anyone can complain about Dany's dragons being stolen, Littlefinger appearing at Harrenhal(excluding his teleportation device) or Jon not acting the same way with Ygritte. We don't know what happens yet. They may just go back on the same course (similar as they did with the craster deviation) or they might think of something else that makes sense. Martin's source material is great, but not unimprovable.
There were some weaknesses though. Harrenhal is just plain illogical. The chase of arya across the courtyard, Tywin being far too confidential with her, especially after he caught her reading a letter with sensible information. The scene about lorch's dyslexia...All of these are things that just don't add up.
I also have to say that I think the scene with Ygritte stretched out far too long. The whole chase was unnecessary, imo. And Qhorin leaving Jon alone with her to kill her kind of seems forced and fake as well.
Nevertheless, I'm definitely pumped to see what will happen next week /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
795	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	I hope so, too, Patchface.I hope they add The Great Gazoo, Jar Jar, Poochie, and Urkel.  I hope they add a knight that only speaks in rhyme.I hope they do so much that the people that can't value the best hour on TV every  week because Stannis stood 1.5 feet away from Davos when in the book he only stood 1.25 feet away stop watching, and episodes can be judged on what they should be judged on: Acting, pacing, locations, ENTERTAINMENT VALUE, not verbatum regurgitation of every detail of the book because EXACT ADAPTATIONS JUST DON'T HAPPEN!  I'm willing to sacrifice an episode or two for this to happen.You'll see Bigfoot riding on a Unicorn at the Loch Ness Monster's Birthday Party at Jim Morrison's house in Africa before you ever see a perfect book to TV/Movie adaptation.Yes Patchface, I hope so, too.I laughed. A lot. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Yeah, it's... mind-boggling and so, so silly to read the list of complaints. So many people don't like Arya-Tywin conversations not because they're bad (I really think they are fantastic), but because Tywin is somehow, somewhere "off".I'm wondering... what if Martin hadn't written the "bed" scene with Shae and Tywin in ASoS? And let's say the TV series "invents" such a scene in its fourth season.I am willing to bet that all the "purists" would torch their TV screens and quit watching because "they completely and utterly destroyed Tywin", "Benioff and Weiss are morons who don't understand what makes Tywin tick", etc...I still remember all the hoopla around Tywin's first scene, skinning a stag: "he'd never get his hands dirty, they ruined him, yadda-yadda".Not much point in paying attention to such things, methinks.
796	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	I laughed. A lot. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Yeah, it's... mind-boggling and so, so silly to read the list of complaints. So many people don't like Arya-Tywin conversations not because they're bad (I really think they are fantastic), but because Tywin is somehow, somewhere "off".I'm wondering... what if Martin hadn't written the "bed" scene with Shae and Tywin in ASoS? And let's say the TV series "invents" such a scene in its fourth season.I am willing to bet that all the "purists" would torch their TV screens and quit watching because "they completely and utterly destroyed Tywin", "Benioff and Weiss are morons who don't understand what makes Tywin tick", etc...I still remember all the hoopla around Tywin's first scene, skinning a stag: "he'd never get his hands dirty, they ruined him, yadda-yadda".Not much point in paying attention to such things, methinks.Well thatÂ´s an utterly absurd argument and I fail to see the point of it. Are you saying that you donÂ´t understand why made-up scenes that have a massive impact on the characters might cause a reaction amongst the fan-base? Or do you claim that no made-up scene, no matter how out of place and out of character it is will get you to question the decision to include it? Not everyone wants GoT to turn into a dumbed down show for the mindless drones who cheer every time they see a head get severed and who slide their hands down their pants every time they see a boob on tv.
797	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	Not everyone wants GoT to turn into a dumbed down show for the mindless drones who cheer every time they see a head get severed and who slide their hands down their pants every time they see a boob on tv.You pretty much disqualified yourself from any reasonable discussion with such silly generalisations.
798	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	You pretty much disqualified yourself from any reasonable discussion with such silly generalisations.ItÂ´s not a generalisation, read through the threads on Ep 6 and look at all the ones whoÂ´ve listed seeing Osha nude as one of the best things about the episode
799	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	ItÂ´s not a generalisation, read through the threads on Ep 6 and look at all the ones whoÂ´ve listed seeing Osha nude as one of the best things about the episodeAnd how does that pertain to anything I said in my post you responded to? You were countering my argument with a made-up counterargument that has absolutely nothing in common with anything I've written.
800	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	Exactly, especially with Tywin!In the books he comes across as a 2D, typical evil villain in the Emperor Palpatine vein.  I think the show has enriched the character tenfold!Skinning the stag?  That says so much right there, him chastising his son while skinning a stag?  Can't they see the connection?  Jaime's getting skinned along with the stag!!!The Arya-Tywin conversations, the interplay, does he or doesn't know who she is?  Can't they see his tenderness towards Arya might be he likes having a girl child that isn't Cersei, almost regretful?  There are so many rich possibilities these and the other added scenes add...AS A TV SHOW!I agree, Mr. F., no point in paying attention to them, but they just really chapped my ass yesterday, especially the condescension in some of the replys from the Novel NAZIs.See, guys? Condescension.Well you kind of set the bar when you call the ones who disagree with you Nazis
801	David Selig	2012-05-08	See, guys? Condescension.Its an ADAPTATION BASED on the novels.  What makes for good reading, very often makes for lousy TV.  HBO and the writers' job is to make GOOD TV, as long as the SPIRIT of the novels/characters is intact.Spirit DOES NOT MEAN AN EXACT COPY SCENE FOR SCENE, CONVERSATION FOR CONVERSATION, or CHARACTER FOR CHARACTER!What are you going to tell us next? That the sun rises from the east?Your post is much more condescending than the one you quoted. "It's an adaptation" it's not a valid excuse for weak writing and scenes which don't make sense when you look at them closely.
802	Gaius Martell	2012-05-08	Of all the episodes so far, this one deviated the most from the novels.  I'm nervous as to how Jon Snow will end up characterized in the upcoming events, what the hell is going on in Qarth, why Tywin is too stupid to realize he has Arya Stark right under his nose, and what will happen to Theon.  The changes themselves weren't bad and will end up with some good storytelling, I'm sure, but important characterization is being lost when characters are reacting differently than they should.
803	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	Exactly, especially with Tywin!In the books he comes across as a 2D, typical evil villain in the Emperor Palpatine vein.  I think the show has enriched the character tenfold!Skinning the stag?  That says so much right there, him chastising his son while skinning a stag?  Can't they see the connection?  Jaime's getting skinned along with the stag!!!The Arya-Tywin conversations, the interplay, does he or doesn't know who she is?  Can't they see his tenderness towards Arya might be he likes having a girl child that isn't Cersei, almost regretful?  There are so many rich possibilities these and the other added scenes add...AS A TV SHOW!Absolutely! TV is a completely different beast, and there are so many opportunities to take, now that there are no POV characters. Some people have trouble understanding that the POV structure of the books makes some characters seem different than they really are! Take Jaime, for example, and his change between AGoT and ASoS. Or is he really that changed? Is it perhaps in part the product of him becoming a POV character, allowing us to explore his mind? Both, I'd say.Same with Tywin, only indirectly since he isn't a POV character. For me, seeing him with Shae, his son's whore, was a big shocker. WTF? But then I realised it was Martin's brilliant way of showing us something we couldn't had known about him. Namely, that the legend of Tywin, son of Tytos, lord of Casterly Rock, Shield of Lannisport and Warden of the West, is in a way more than the man himself. That in the end, he is just a man that "didn't shit gold".
804	Ran	2012-05-08	[Moderator Note]
Handed out a suspension for rudeness. I'll be happy to hand out more if necessary, so lets try and abide by the rules.
[/Moderator]
805	Thunderfist	2012-05-08	What was weak about the writing?  What scenes didn't make sense?   Perhaps specifics will change my tune.Some things that did not make alot of sense:What happened to the 200-300 men that Rodrik took to Torrhens Square?How did the mob in Kings Landing manage to rip a mans arm from his body, and why did they do it, are they cannibals?Why did Myrcella have to cry when the books specify that she doesnÂ´t?How is it possible that Amory Lorch managed to send a raven to the wrong castle? Why wasnÂ´t the ravens handled by a Maester? Did Lorch just grab a random raven and sent a sensitive message to whereever that raven might land?When Amory Lorch chased Arya, how come they ran through a yard crowded with Lannister soldiers and noone grabbed Arya. Why didnÂ´t Lorch call out for the men to grab her?When Ygritte escaped from Jon Snow, why did he chase her? He wasnÂ´t going to kill her, heÂ´d shown that already. He couldnÂ´t take her to Qhorin because Qhorin would kill her. So was he just gonna tie her up and keep her as a prisoner and forget all about the Halfhand and his own mission for the Nights Watch?How come Qhorin couldnÂ´t find Jon and Ygritte, the man is a master tracker, the best ranger of them all and an expert survivalist, but he couldnÂ´t track Jon and Ygritte in the snow?How come Robb Stark is talking to Talisa in the middle of their camp. Everyone can see that heÂ´s falling in love with her and "everyone" would include all of his bannermen, most importantly the Freys who might be upset about Robb drooling over someone other than the girl he has promised to marry.When Catelyn came back to camp, how come Robb didnÂ´t ask about what happened to Renly and who Brienne was? That would be the most logical thing to ask, especially if theyÂ´d heard rumours about Renlys death. Instead Robb just casually introduces Cat to the girl he has a crush on.Those are some of the things that I felt didnÂ´t make alot of sense, you might agree or disagree but these things and others are what I base my rating of this episode on- edited for spelling -
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 08 May 2012 - 09:31 AM.
806	Tadco26	2012-05-08	I hope so, too, Patchface.I hope they add The Great Gazoo, Jar Jar, Poochie, and Urkel.  I hope they add a knight that only speaks in rhyme.Me too so I can read how those changes are ok, because it is an ADAPTATION.  It's amusing that some people think that gives the writers license to make any sort of change they want and no one should ever complain.
807	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	What in the name of all that is sweet and true is up with this Myrcella fetish? Jesus Christ, whether some tertiary character cries or doesn't cry...
808	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	I hope so, too, Patchface.I hope they add The Great Gazoo, Jar Jar, Poochie, and Urkel.  I hope they add a knight that only speaks in rhyme.I hope they do so much that the people that can't value the best hour on TV every  week because Stannis stood 1.5 feet away from Davos when in the book he only stood 1.25 feet away stop watching, and episodes can be judged on what they should be judged on: Acting, pacing, locations, ENTERTAINMENT VALUE, not verbatim regurgitation of every detail of the book because EXACT ADAPTATIONS JUST DON'T HAPPEN!  I'm willing to sacrifice an episode or two for this to happen.You'll see Bigfoot riding on a Unicorn at the Loch Ness Monster's Birthday Party at Jim Morrison's house in Africa before you ever see a perfect book to TV/Movie adaptation.Yes Patchface, I hope so, too.You and others have said this many times, yet I've not seen one person actually claiming that a verbatim copy of ASIOAF is what they require.  But don't let that stop you from ranting about a nontopic, it hasn't to this point.
809	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	What in the name of all that is sweet and true is up with this Myrcella fetish? Jesus Christ, whether some tertiary character cries or doesn't cry...Again, it is character development for her - showing she understands why this happens, puts herself into Princess mode while her brother gets chastised for still being a child.  The other part of this that really has yet to be answered....if it is such a small thing, why change it?
810	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-05-08	I don't care about deviations at all, as long as they make sense and are well written.
Worst episode in the series, 3.
811	Davos55	2012-05-08	I finally watched the episode this morning and I will give it an 8 for now.
The episode had some great scenes, particularly in Winterfell and Kings Landing.  Alfie Allen continues to impress me, and I felt the opening to the episode was harrowing and very well done. I enjoyed the riot scene mostly due to the Hound finally getting some well deserved screen time, and for Tyrion getting to slap Joffrey again.
I am on the fence about Dany's storyline right now, but it has potential to turn out good I suppose.  The fact that Irri may be dead though..that really pisses me off..It is Known that she is alive and well after Qarth..and I like her a lot.  I am holding onto hope that she may just have been knocked out..but I won't hold my breath.
The mention of Roose's bastard, Sandor, and Shaggydog all could have brought this episode to a 9 or 10..but I felt that Jon's storyline in this episode was illogical and poorly written.  I won't say that it deviated so far that it can't end up like it did in the novels, but I must say I am worried about it right now more than I thought possible.
Overall, great episode and worthy of an 8 in my opinion.
812	EgoistMusketeer	2012-05-08	I see a lot of complaints about "major" deviations. If Rodrick dies, does it really matter it Theon swung the sword or if Ramsay did? Its irrelevant to the afteraffects. Actually, Theon killing Rodrick is stronger since all season theyve been directly paralleling Robb and showing how Theon tries but cant measure up like when he gave the sailor in Pyke the same speech about being hung like an oathbreaker that Robb gave the GreatJon only Theon got laughs rather than loyalty.
813	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	Again, it is character development for her - showing she understands why this happens, puts herself into Princess mode while her brother gets chastised for still being a child.  The other part of this that really has yet to be answered....if it is such a small thing, why change it?That's somewhat silly. If it's small, why change it? If it's major, nooo, why did you change it? They changed it because they though it fit with the tone of the scene. Either way, it's a pretty inconsequential detail, so I don't know what the fuss is about. She cries. She doesn't cry. Who cares. Myrcella is a character whose name probably even 90% of casual readers couldn't be bothered to remember.
814	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	You and others have said this many times, yet I've not seen one person actually claiming that a verbatim copy of ASIOAF is what they require.I am not saying you do it, but just go looking through various threads. Many critisisms are well argued, more power to them, but you'll find a big bunch of those that amount to "it's different in the books. It doesn't make any sense", without any patience to wait and see what the TV writers had in mind.
815	violet storm	2012-05-08	8
By now I separated from my expectations of seeing a book on the screen, and just enjoy a parallel story. I feel like GRRM just has fun developing alternative flows of the story. Tyvon/Arya scenes are wonderful! The stealing of the dragons is an interesting development. They seem to kill off all dothraki before they even start playing a role...
816	Leto Atreides	2012-05-08	Some things that did not make alot of sense:What happened to the 200-300 men that Rodrik took to Torrhens Square?How did the mob in Kings Landing manage to rip a mans arm from his body, and why did they do it, are they cannibals?Why did Myrcella have to cry when the books specify that she doesnÂ´t?How is it possible that Amory Lorch managed to send a raven to the wrong castle? Why wasnÂ´t the ravens handled by a Maester? Did Lorch just grab a random raven and sent a sensitive message to whereever that raven might land?When Amory Lorch chased Arya, how come they ran through a yard crowded with Lannister soldiers and noone grabbed Arya. Why didnÂ´t Lorch call out for the men to grab her?When Ygritte escaped from Jon Snow, why did he chase her? He wasnÂ´t going to kill her, heÂ´d shown that already. He couldnÂ´t take her to Qhorin because Qhorin would kill her. So was he just gonna tie her up and keep her as a prisoner and forget all about the Halfhand and his own mission for the Nights Watch?How come Qhorin couldnÂ´t find Jon and Ygritte, the man is a master tracker, the best ranger of them all and an expert survivalist, but he couldnÂ´t track Jon and Ygritte in the snow?How come Robb Stark is talking to Talisa in the middle of their camp. Everyone can see that heÂ´s falling in love with her and "everyone" would include all of his bannermen, most importantly the Freys who might be upset about Robb drooling over someone other than the girl he has promised to marry.When Catelyn came back to camp, how come Robb didnÂ´t ask about what happened to Renly and who Brienne was? That would be the most logical thing to ask, especially if theyÂ´d heard rumours about Renlys death. Instead Robb just casually introduces Cat to the girl he has a crush on.Those are some of the things that I felt didnÂ´t make alot of sense, you might agree or disagree but these things and others are what I base my rating of this episode on- edited for spelling -Good list.Maybe it's just me, but it seems that nearly each individual episode of season 2 so far has more changes from the source material than the entire first season.Also, where did the budget go? I thought season 2 had a bigger budget, but we haven't seen it yet. Season 1 had a lot more scenes featuring horses. Did they really sacrifice horses in favor of a few glimpses of direwolves and dragons?
817	Rob the God	2012-05-08	Gave it an 8
liked last episode better (don't know why exactly)
Think the scenes beyond the Wall were a littel bit rushed. 
But didn't have that much of a problem with the direct cut to Winterfell. Alfie was perfect as Theon
The riot at KL was one of the best scenes of the series / From the first look of Tyrion when he realizes shits about to go down, over the Joff-Tyrion scene
to the Hound being unbeliveable badass when he rescued Sansa.
Robb scenes were good, you can really see the attraction between him and "Jeyne" and i liked the scene with Bolton
818	Tadco26	2012-05-08	I see a lot of complaints about "major" deviations. If Rodrick dies, does it really matter it Theon swung the sword or if Ramsay did? Its irrelevant to the afteraffects. Actually, Theon killing Rodrick is stronger since all season theyve been directly paralleling Robb and showing how Theon tries but cant measure up like when he gave the sailor in Pyke the same speech about being hung like an oathbreaker that Robb gave the GreatJon only Theon got laughs rather than loyalty.I must have missed it, but I haven't seen many people listing Theon killing Rodrick as one of the major deviations that people take issue with.  It seems that most of the people who have had complaints about major deviations have actually listed the Theon scenes as being a really good example of adaptation in this episode.
819	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-08	I actually don't like the Dothraki at all so the less tied to them Dany is, the better. The only one I liked was Rakharo.
820	Rob the God	2012-05-08	Can someone remind me what happens to Dagmar in the books? can't remeber
Hope he died horribly or was taken by Ramsay
It's the only thing i don't like about theons story in the tv show. Dagmar influences him to much
821	Rob the God	2012-05-08	Good list.Maybe it's just me, but it seems that nearly each individual episode of season 2 so far has more changes from the source material than the entire first season.Also, where did the budget go? I thought season 2 had a bigger budget, but we haven't seen it yet. Season 1 had a lot more scenes featuring horses. Did they really sacrifice horses in favor of a few glimpses of direwolves and dragons?are you kidding me?where did the budget go?????? look at the damn screen. this show has the highest production value i've ever seen on Televisionif you have no idea what you are talking about just ........ you know what i mean
					
					
							Edited by Rob the God, 08 May 2012 - 04:52 PM.
822	Lady of Long Lake	2012-05-08	My favorite to date and my first 10.
This episode seemed classier and better written to me! Arya, Osha, Xaro, Jon and Tyrion were amazing. Even Jacquen's 1 minute air time was a "10". Gosh, that fella has the best darn face for portaying a FM.
					
					
							Edited by Lady of Long Lake, 08 May 2012 - 05:06 PM.
823	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-08	I've come up with a test to see whether criticisms are based on a dislike of any sort of change or because they genuinely judge the merit of the show.
Whenever we have a complaint we should ask ourselves: can I back my complaint up with arguments that
 a) don't use examples that we haven't seen on the show and 
b ) don't go into spoilers about the books?
 if both are affirmative, people can honestly say that they don't mind change for change's sake but that they distinguish good deviations from bad deviations. It's about the show's internal logic.
Example: Is the stealing of Dany's dragons problematic/out of character/unbelievable WITH THE INFORMATION FROM THE TV SHOW SO FAR? (sorry for caps rant; can't italicize on Iphone). You can't dislike it because the Qartheen were welcoming to her (which they were in the books but not in the show). You also can't dislike the addition out of fear of the ommision of HotU. No viewer knows about this yet.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 08 May 2012 - 05:31 PM.
824	Caro99	2012-05-08	gave it a 10 cause they finally gave us some wonderful San/San moments!!!!!!!!
but ygritte and tyrion and theon and joff helped. they were amazing!
825	jlk7e	2012-05-08	Some things that did not make alot of sense:What happened to the 200-300 men that Rodrik took to Torrhens Square?This one bugged me, as well.  One could wank up an explanation, I suppose - he left them at Torrhen's Square and rode back by himself to either let Winterfell know what had happened or warn them of the danger - but this is, indeed, not well-explained.How did the mob in Kings Landing manage to rip a mans arm from his body, and why did they do it, are they cannibals?This isn't a plot hole, and there are examples in history of men being torn apart by angry mobs.  It was a bit silly, but I don't see the problem here.Why did Myrcella have to cry when the books specify that she doesnÂ´t?This is, again, not a plot hole.  The showrunners are trying to up the drama of Myrcella's departure, and Cersei's anger at Tyrion over it.  Having Myrcella cry does that, and doesn't affect the overall plot in any significant way.How is it possible that Amory Lorch managed to send a raven to the wrong castle? Why wasnÂ´t the ravens handled by a Maester? Did Lorch just grab a random raven and sent a sensitive message to whereever that raven might land?I suppose he might have told the Maester to send it to the wrong place?  Who knows?  It might be a minor plot hole, but it's not actually important.When Amory Lorch chased Arya, how come they ran through a yard crowded with Lannister soldiers and noone grabbed Arya. Why didnÂ´t Lorch call out for the men to grab her?He's not too bright? When Ygritte escaped from Jon Snow, why did he chase her? He wasnÂ´t going to kill her, heÂ´d shown that already. He couldnÂ´t take her to Qhorin because Qhorin would kill her. So was he just gonna tie her up and keep her as a prisoner and forget all about the Halfhand and his own mission for the Nights Watch?I think you are conflating book Jon, who explicitly decides not to kill Ygritte, with TV show Jon, who is nervous and flubs the physical act.  This is not a plot hole, it just shows that Jon is not thinking very clearly, which is totally plausible.  Jon's actions don't make sense because he's not acting rationally.How come Qhorin couldnÂ´t find Jon and Ygritte, the man is a master tracker, the best ranger of them all and an expert survivalist, but he couldnÂ´t track Jon and Ygritte in the snow?Who's to say he will not find them next episode?How come Robb Stark is talking to Talisa in the middle of their camp. Everyone can see that heÂ´s falling in love with her and "everyone" would include all of his bannermen, most importantly the Freys who might be upset about Robb drooling over someone other than the girl he has promised to marry.The Freys don't care if Robb has sex with some nurse.  An infatuation is meaningless as long as Robb is willing to follow through on his oath to the Freys.When Catelyn came back to camp, how come Robb didnÂ´t ask about what happened to Renly and who Brienne was? That would be the most logical thing to ask, especially if theyÂ´d heard rumours about Renlys death. Instead Robb just casually introduces Cat to the girl he has a crush on.Numerous possibilities: this may not be the first time Robb and Catleyn have met since her return.  Alternately, Robb doesn't want to speak of sensitive matters in front of a girl who he thinks might be a spy; they talk about what happened at Renly's camp in private and off-screen.
826	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2012-05-08	I have, of course, thoroughly enjoyed the series but this was first time I really thought its excelled. Brilliant episode, I loved every scene.  I don't mind any of the deviations, they don't change much in the long run.
My first 10 of the series.
827	Rob the God	2012-05-08	To the question why Jon ran after Ygritte
Put yourself in the situation. Even if you don't want to kill her, you would run after her.
It's funny how some people here always act as if everyone always knows exactly what he does but you guys don't even think about what you write.
					
					
							Edited by Rob the God, 08 May 2012 - 06:52 PM.
828	Lyana	2012-05-08	A solid 9.
One of the best episodes so far.
The sack of Winterfell and the beheading of ser Rodrick were brilliant.
The scenes north of the Wall were great - have been looking forward  to see Ygritte and I think the actress is doing fine. I see her and Kit having a good chemistry on screen. The dialogue between  Jon and Qhorin was also great... and we get to see Ghost /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  - together with Summer and Shaggydog.
The other two highlights were the riot of KL and the scenes with Arya and Tywin - awesome as always.
I really miss Varys.
829	Daenerys	2012-05-08	Really loved most of this episode because they're finally starting to feel more comfortable deviating from the books to tell a better story. Also a lot of long character-driven scenes that help this episode feel less rushed and random than many others. Really hope they do more and more of this as time goes on because the reality is a word for word slavish translation of the book to screen just won't work. Only scene I wasn't crazy about was Dany with the spice master. Meh. I give it a solid 8+, close to a 9.
830	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-08	I hope they do so much that the people that can't value the best hour on TV every  week because Stannis stood 1.5 feet away from Davos when in the book he only stood 1.25 feet away stop watching, and episodes can be judged on what they should be judged on: Acting, pacing, locations, ENTERTAINMENT VALUE, not verbatim regurgitation of every detail of the book because EXACT ADAPTATIONS JUST DON'T HAPPEN!You'll see Bigfoot riding on a Unicorn at the Loch Ness Monster's Birthday Party at Jim Morrison's house in Africa before you ever see a perfect book to TV/Movie adaptation.If by "perfect" you mean "exact word-for-word fidelity", you're right. But that's a strawman - I've yet to see any critic of the show demand that the book be followed to the letter, only that the changes make sense and prove worthwhile. Things like Amory Lorch flopping in Lord Tywin's doorway like he's trying to draw a personal foul or Tywin discussing his son's learning disability and his father's personality with a serving girl or Littlefinger zipping to and fro to have a revealing talk with every major figure in the realm or a royal procession bedecked in jewels and finery marching on foot through the slums of the capital - yeah, stuff like that doesn't make sense and isn't worthwhile.The source material is very strong - presumably that's why the producers decided to adapt it in the first place, not because they decided that the books were merely OK and could be punched-up by Hollywood scriptwriters. Changes for television are necessary and inevitable - but bad changes, or changes that make no sense, aren't necessary or inevitable and deserve to be criticized.
831	Daenerys	2012-05-08	The Arya/Lorch scene was another one that seemed unnecessarily rushed and silly.  Pretty much an awful way for Jaqen to chalk up kill #2 (incidentally, Jaqen is almost completely wasted in this episode, which is also a shame).  Arya snatching the message was beyond stupid and reckless and seemed like a contrivance to get the scene going.  In the end, one genuinely bad scene wasn't enough to ruin the episode for me.I actually liked Lorch falling at Tywin's feet, that was great. But I agree about Arya taking the message, it doesn't make any sense. She's already read the message, Tywin has already seen the message, there is no need for her to take it with her, especially grasping it in her hand in public.
832	zippypoodle	2012-05-08	badly staged television is badly staged. No one can come up with a credible reason why Arya can run around freely through a crowd of Lannister soldiers just milling about, Lorch chasing and shouting at her, and no one does anything, he doesn't think to maybe just tell one of those guards she keeps bumping into to grab her, etc. This was ill-considered. It was sloppy, lazy writing. That most people don't care is, I suppose, a blessing for them, but I noticed it right out and I was left wondering how in the world that scene made it to air without the tweaks needed to make it work properly.Perhaps it was inspired by this scene, which I quote directly from an Arya chapter in the novels, wherein Arya is running through Harrenhall, chased by a knight, and no one stops her:Weese never imagined she could read, though, so he never bothered to seal the messages he gave her. Arya peeked at them al , but they were never anything good, just stupid stuff sending this cart to the granary and that one to the armory. One was a demand for payment on a gambling debt, but the knight she gave it to couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t read. When she told him what it said he tried to hit her, but Arya ducked under the blow, snatched a silver-banded drinking horn off his saddle, and darted away. The knight roared and came after her, but she slid between two wayns, wove through a crowd of archers, and jumped a latrine trench. In his mail he couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t keep up. When she gave the horn to Weese, he told her that a smart little Weasel like her deserved a reward.Same scene, more or less. Even the note is included.  So are both scenes good, or is Martin just as bad as you say the writers of the episode are?
					
					
							Edited by zippypoodle, 08 May 2012 - 10:20 PM.
833	zippypoodle	2012-05-08	If by "perfect" you mean "exact word-for-word fidelity", you're right. But that's a strawman - I've yet to see any critic of the show demand that the book be followed to the letter, only that the changes make sense and prove worthwhile.Oh, really? See below:Tadco26, in this thread:It really is turning more and more into a story inspired by the books more so than trying to adapt them faithfully. I was hoping that season 2 would try to be at least as faithful as season 1 if not more so, but it seems the opposite is the case.From Incesticide, in this thread:The series seems to be heading towards some drastic modifications of parts of the storyline - modifications to the world I imagined when I read the books. As such, from now on, I'll stick with the books.From Linda, in this thread:I am not interested in the TV-show on its own merits, it cannot exist on its own merits.From Ravenhair, in the Rate Episode 201 thread:Maybe a 3 or 4. If GRRM wanted to rewrite his books, he could have published AGOT alternate universe.From SFA-OK in the Rate Episode 202 thread:I gave it a 4. I'm almost done watching the show. I was hoping it would improve from last season but if anything, it's gotten worse. Unnecessary changes, changes for the worse, characters acting out of character from the book, etc.There are other examples. Plenty of them.
834	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-08	I've said many times that I'm not a purist when it comes to this show but, only ONCE I will complain about something not being added and it's the part during the riot when Cersei defends Tyrion's orders. I think it was pivotal because it showed that Cersei does have SOME sense, that she can be strong when she wants to be and that, first and foremost, she is a Lannister and no one messes with her family.â<U+0080><U+009C>â<U+0080><U+009C>Each of you will ride escort to a herald. Command the people to return to their homes. Any man found on the streets after the last peal of the evening bell will be killed.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Our place is beside the king,â<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Meryn said, complacent.Cersei reared up like a viper. â<U+0080><U+009C>Your place is where my brother says it is,â<U+0080><U+009D> she spit. â<U+0080><U+009C>The Hand speaks with the Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own voice, and disobedience is treason.â<U+0080><U+009D>Boros and Meryn exchanged a look. â<U+0080><U+009C>Should we wear our cloaks, Your Grace?â<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Boros asked.â<U+0080><U+009C>Go naked for all I care. It might remind the mob that youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re men. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re like to have forgotten that after seeing the way you behaved out there in the streets.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009D>
835	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-09	First time I've ever given an episode a six. The episode is too marred by stupidity. Lorch's hokey death, Tywin's nonsensical complaints about that damned letter as if Lorch's stuck it in the wrong envelope.... it was very, very lazy writing. Which is a shame, because those first ten minutes stands up there with the any ten minutes in the series to date. Brilliant adaptation, the Theon bits.Good lord! By the depth of your disappointment in the disappointing elements of the episode I'm surprised you gave the episode a pass mark. I was expecting a 5 or less from you. If I take Rotten Tomatoes as a reference point (for what constitutes a good score vs a bad score) 6/10 means the episode was still objectively good despite some terrible flaws. The way I read your review I got the impression that you think the episode was objectively bad despite some very good scenes.I've just realised I can un-vote and re-vote. So I down-rated the episode to 7 (originally voted 8) and am surprised I'm only one point away from your score, given there are a number of points of difference between your and my impressions of the episode.
836	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-09	I've said many times that I'm not a purist when it comes to this show but, only ONCE I will complain about something not being added and it's the part during the riot when Cersei defends Tyrion's orders. I think it was pivotal because it showed that Cersei does have SOME sense, that she can be strong when she wants to be and that, first and foremost, she is a Lannister and no one messes with her family.â<U+0080><U+009C>â<U+0080><U+009C>Each of you will ride escort to a herald. Command the people to return to their homes. Any man found on the streets after the last peal of the evening bell will be killed.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Our place is beside the king,â<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Meryn said, complacent.Cersei reared up like a viper. â<U+0080><U+009C>Your place is where my brother says it is,â<U+0080><U+009D> she spit. â<U+0080><U+009C>The Hand speaks with the Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own voice, and disobedience is treason.â<U+0080><U+009D>Boros and Meryn exchanged a look. â<U+0080><U+009C>Should we wear our cloaks, Your Grace?â<U+0080><U+009D> Ser Boros asked.â<U+0080><U+009C>Go naked for all I care. It might remind the mob that youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re men. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re like to have forgotten that after seeing the way you behaved out there in the streets.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009D>Well the riot was effectively still going at the end of the episode. So there's a chance these lines will make it into Ep7, though I think it unlikely given the audience tension has passed, so there's probably not a lot of point in labouring over the imposition of a curfew.
837	pntrlqst	2012-05-09	Gave it a 9 on first watch, but now I'm thinking 8. Reasons stated here and there by other folk, so I won't throw more carbon paper on the trash heap, but I want to say something:
I think it's funny I've been finding more thoughtful analysis of this show on forums where people haven't read the books (looking at you, TWoP). I can only ever take their opinions seriously when it comes to inconsistencies pertaining to what happens IN THE SHOW. Half the time people who've read the books and don't like a change will think up some damn creative (gotta give it to them) reasons the scene is utterly worthless. A wee bit funny how an episode goes over well with non-readers, yet a lot of readers can't stomach.
					
					
							Edited by vntrlqst, 09 May 2012 - 01:57 AM.
838	Incesticide	2012-05-09	Oh, really? See below:From Incesticide, in this thread:The series seems to be heading towards some drastic modifications of parts of the storyline - modifications to the world I imagined when I read the books. As such, from now on, I'll stick with the books.That you fail to understand plain English, and the concepts of cherry picking quotes and context is exasperating.Nowhere did I state that I would like the adaptation to mimic the book word for word. Indeed, in the same post (or an earlier one) I quite clearly note that I am well aware that being a television series, things can and will change due to budgetary contraints, artistic license or what have you. In the post you quoted as well as in an earlier post I also stated that I enjoyed several of the changes, which in many cases I felt were superior to the books.The reason that I will not be following the series any longer is simply that I, personally, overall am not enjoying it. I repeat, the reason that I will not be following the series any longer is simply that I, personally, overall am not enjoying it. While I do not require a word for word and scene by scene tv version of the novels, I do have personal limits beyond which I will not watch something, mainly because I am extremely cynical of the predilection for (practically all) series to introduce cliffhangers and plot twists so as to keep viewership high. Shameless cliffhangers annoy me intensely and strike me as patronising in that they assume that without them I will not continue watching.  That is the reason why I disliked some of the changes that were made from the books. The changes I disliked (i.e. pointless sex and the Ross/LF scene in Ep 02, Craster knocking out Jon, Dany's Dragons getting stolen) were quite clearly introduced because they make "good" television. Other changes they made, I felt, were simply inferior to the option of keeping to the books (Jon and Ygritte's meeting, Yara's scripting, not casting Jojen and Meera), and those were chiefly the reason why I felt that the series was moving away from the world that I had imagined while reading the books and backstories.Incidentally, I felt the same way about parts of A Dance With Dragons; Aegon, Tyrion's frustrating storyline, Dany in Mereen, what happens to Jon, Varys doing what he did in the epilogue - all of which struck me as being excessively cliffhanger like and led me to make a rather unprintable exclamation of frustration once I closed the book as opposed to my reaction to ASOS. My impression of the last book was that it was filled with pointless stalling and plot twists - so no, the books themselves aren't immune to my criticising them.However, since GRR Martin is happy with the adaptation and this is his story, the only thing I have a right to do is to stop watching - which I have done.Kindly, do not come off as being willfully ignorant, and purposefully misrepresent my point, in your zeal to prove your point that people unsatisfied with the television adaptation are all unyielding purists.
					
					
							Edited by Incesticide, 09 May 2012 - 06:34 AM.
839	Eira Seren	2012-05-09	Oh, really? See below:Tadco26, in this thread:From Incesticide, in this thread:From Linda, in this thread:From Ravenhair, in the Rate Episode 201 thread:From SFA-OK in the Rate Episode 202 thread:There are other examples. Plenty of them.well, i suppose Linda's point may be that without the story in the books, there would be no tv show.just wish i could express my analysis of the show without it being taken as negative criticism (there's a difference between being critical/analytical and criticism).  though sometimes i am disappointed and give more negative criticism too.  but surely i should be able to do so without being called a 'book purist' and without inadvertently upsetting people because i didn't like some stuff?so  --a genuine question, meant not in the spirit of eliciiting rage, but an honest conversation --why does it annoy some people so much if others complain that the show is different from the books?
840	pntrlqst	2012-05-09	so  --a genuine question, meant not in the spirit of eliciiting rage, but an honest conversation --why does it annoy some people so much if others complain that the show is different from the books?Because one should realize that before the show was even produced there would be changes. And half the people that complain basically just spam the question "WHYWHYWHY" like a million other people haven't already asked. I'm just answering your question how it is presented: Why are people annoyed by complainers?With that said, it's 100% fair to be critical of anything about any work of art/entertainment as long as you construct thoughtful criticism (which people on this site tend to do; go look at IMDB/Facebook for contrast).
					
					
							Edited by vntrlqst, 09 May 2012 - 03:06 AM.
841	Ran	2012-05-09	zippy,
I'm fully aware of that scene. I have read the book a time or two.
She stole some knight's horn, it's not clear that his bellows of rage include, "Seize that girl!", and other than the "crowd of archers", whatever that is, it's not exactly plain that it's a jam-packed courtyard.  Whereas the courtyard is jam-packed... and Amory Lorch, recently thoroughly reprimanded for screwing up, now believes Arya is filching letters from Lord Tywin's own table.
If that's not a cause to call Lannister soldiery to seize her rather than blundering about and watching them ignore her, I don't know what is.
Again, badly staged and conceived.
842	Michaelj	2012-05-09	Well all people saying the episode sucks, the fact that more people have voted 9 and 10 than all the scores combined shows the episode was a huge success.
843	Sun	2012-05-09	Weese never imagined she could read, though, so he never bothered to seal the messages he gave her. Arya peeked at them al , but they were never anything good, just stupid stuff sending this cart to the granary and that one to the armory. One was a demand for payment on a gambling debt, but the knight she gave it to couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t read. When she told him what it said he tried to hit her, but Arya ducked under the blow, snatched a silver-banded drinking horn off his saddle, and darted away. The knight roared and came after her, but she slid between two wayns, wove through a crowd of archers, and jumped a latrine trench. In his mail he couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t keep up. When she gave the horn to Weese, he told her that a smart little Weasel like her deserved a reward.Same scene, more or less. Even the note is included.  So are both scenes good, or is Martin just as bad as you say the writers of the episode are?Both scenes are equally mediocre, in that they are equally silly. And just as the book scene didn't take away from the overall quality of the Arya chapters, neither did the TV scene take away from the overall quality of this episode. "The Old God And The New" is a fantastic hour of drama television.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 09 May 2012 - 04:36 AM.
844	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-09	Well all people saying the episode sucks, the fact that more people have voted 9 and 10 than all the scores combined shows the episode was a huge success.Would many of those ppl be those who didnt read the books? I have two friends who havent read but do watch and they like the show even though im fuming about the adaptation. If they only knew how much better a story the books present they would think the same as me. GRRM is a better story teller than D&D. they should let the books tell it. No reason for the changes.
845	Sun	2012-05-09	Would many of those ppl be those who didnt read the books? I have two friends who havent read but do watch and they like the show even though im fuming about the adaptation. If they only knew how much better a story the books present they would think the same as me. GRRM is a better story teller than D&D. they should let the books tell it. No reason for the changes.Can't speak for the many, but I rated the episode a 9, and I've certainly read all the books.
846	Mr Fixit	2012-05-09	I've read the books as well (and they are my favorite fantasy series of all time), and I am perfectly fine with the TV changes. Going into the show, I knew there would be changes, and I DON'T CARE. As long as the spirit of Martin's books is preserved, as long as acting and production values are stratospherically good, I wouldn't care if D&D introduced flying robots into the story.I suggest people here go read GRRM's piece on his adaptation of Zelazny's story in Twilight Zone.I too enjoy TWoP's forums very much. They are critical as well (as they should be), but look at the show first and foremost, without the constant droning comparison to the books.I find it even more interesting how some of the most fanatical book purists don't actually know what's in the books! So they screamed about Loras and Renly being gay, Stannis having sex with Melisandre, Arya not naming Tywin while he's in Harrenhal, Arya escaping through a bunch of Lannister men, etc, etc, when all that was in the books as well.If they can't be bothered to remember that, I'm not gonna take their opinions very seriously.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 09 May 2012 - 05:34 AM.
847	Michaelj	2012-05-09	Ive also read all the books, I imagine most people who voted have otherwise why would they be on avforum dedicated to the books? I loved this episode despite the changes. The main aim of tv is to enjoy it, not compare it incentlaly to the books.. It's still following the main story and thats all that bothers me. IRS fun. I also prefer Twop over these forums, they are good fans and like or dislike the show for the right reasons.
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 09 May 2012 - 06:16 AM.
848	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-09	Ive also read all the books, I imagine most people who voted have otherwise why would they be on avforum dedicated to the books? I loved this episode despite the changes. The main aim of tv is to enjoy it, not compare it incentlaly to the books.. It's still following the main story and thats all that bothers me. IRS fun. I also prefer Twop over these forums, they are good fans and like or dislike the show for the right reasons.I applaud the honesty of this post.  I do think all of us are guilty sometimes of taking things too seriously on these episodes threads - I'm as guilty as everyone else.  The TWoP forums also seem to be (in line with the site's original purpose) an area in which things aren't taken too seriously.  People just enjoy the show and can still poke gentle fun at some of the more ludicrous aspects.  I find it comical, for instance, that people can object to magical shadow assassins, yet accept a girl walking through fire to hatch dragon eggs as an everyday occurrence almost /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  Each to his own.As for my stance - here we go.  Some people have asked why certain episodes of the present series can be given high marks in the poll.  I can't speak for anyone else, nor would I have the arrogance to do so, but for my own part I vote between 8-10 purely on entertainment value to me personally, PLUS, I am voting in context.  When I know it's HBO, I know it's gloriously glossy, flashy and deliciously trashy TV (I mean that in the best possible way - a guilty pleasure).  Always visually gorgeous, always takes liberties, gratuitous tits, the compulsory lesbian scene to get the guys salivating, vivid mindless violence, etc. etc., but that's HBO.  I'm going to judge it within its context, not compare it to Downton Abbey or superlative "serious" - ahem! dramas of the past on both sides of the Atlantic.  The same applies to the books.  They are enjoyable genre fiction, not Shakespeare or classics.  I judge them within their context too.  I love the major characters; adore the world-building; forgive the occasional descent into soap opera, and constant repetitions.One thing I have to say in praise of the show.  After seeing series 1, I read all the books in a genre I would never have tried in a million years.  Sci-fi and fantasy never interested me for years (apart from the obligatory LOTR reading that we all go through as teenagers - and while held as a classic, personally that bored me senseless).  I am sure that George must be pleased to know that the HBO show has helped him sell even more books, because I'm not the only one who was turned on to the addiction that is ASOIAF by the TV series.  Now, like everyone else, I am anxiously awaiting the release of WoW.  I know there will be parts - like in all the books - that will make me roll my eyes; even giggle at the odd absurdity.  These little lapses don't spoil my enjoyment of the books, they actually add to it.  What a dork Quentyn was thinking he could tame dragons, but how gloriously, touchingly heroic he was to try.  The books have peaks and troughs - far more peaks, so I keep reading.The show is the same.  Do I really want to spoil my overall enjoyment by analysing how ravens get from A to B, or do I just want to watch an overall story developing, and embrace it, complete with its flaws for the addictive entertainment it is?So, yep - I think our own personal expectations come into this.  Those who have made George into one of the Seven, will be far stricter in their criticism.  I know where they're coming from.  My passion is Roman history and I swore at the TV screen during the first two episodes of 'Rome' and stopped watching.  Then, I gave it another go and tried to forget all my training in ancient history, and just watched it as a story.  It improved for me then and I could see the good bits.I don't hold George to be a god.  I thoroughly enjoy his saga, and I know that without it there wouldn't be a TV series at all, but I suppose because I'm not as passionate as other devotees, I don't judge with the same harsh criteria.  I don't hold HBO to be immortal either.  I know what I'll be getting, and judge accordingly.Just my two penn-orth.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 09 May 2012 - 07:57 AM.
849	Greywolf2375	2012-05-09	Oh, really? See below:Tadco26, in this thread:From Incesticide, in this thread:From Linda, in this thread:From Ravenhair, in the Rate Episode 201 thread:From SFA-OK in the Rate Episode 202 thread:There are other examples. Plenty of them.And none of those said they needed a verbatim adaption - which is what the claim is, that "purists" or "book readers" require that it be 100% verbatim.  Please do find claims that require this to be a word for word, scene for scene adaption.  They don't exist.  What does exist is criticism about elements or scenes that do not work for that viewer.  If they work for you, great - comment as you will, if they don't, great - comment as you will.But please stop the "OMG - IT'S AN ADAPTION, IT WON'T BE A COPY" because no one is asking for that, most likely not even the owner of the story.
850	Lord Hodor	2012-05-09	People who don`t like Obama are racists, people who dont think the wars were a good idea are crazy leftists, people who dont support gay marriage are homofobes and people who dont like this episode are book purists.
Works everytime dosent it?
851	Mr Fixit	2012-05-09	And none of those said they needed a verbatim adaption - which is what the claim is, that "purists" or "book readers" require that it be 100% verbatim.  Please do find claims that require this to be a word for word, scene for scene adaption.  They don't exist.  Hey man, just go read around this site. There are dozens upons dozens of such examples. Every single little change gets lambasted. Of course, there is usually some silly explanation that makes it seem like the poster has a rational reason for disagreeing, some seeming justification for why a scene is objectively bad. Like, I dunno, Tywin raising his voice and "smiling", or Myrcella crying, someone was about to give up on the show becuse Brienne was too pretty (and you know, her ugliness is a big part of who she is, therefore if she's not ugly enough, they are destroying her character!), I've read many harp against Theon killing Rodrik because it's not it the books, not to mention the furor surrounding the missing dragons (even though it happened at the very end of the episode which makes it hard to critique one way or the other until we've had a chance to see how it plays out next week).Edited to add: Oh yeah, many voiced their adamant displeasure regarding Jaime's dyslexia. Why? Well, it wasn't in the books obviously... Examples are endless really.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 09 May 2012 - 10:58 AM.
852	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-09	Hey man, just go read around this site. There are dozens upons dozens of such examples. Every single little change gets lambasted. Of course, there is usually some silly explanation that makes it seem like the poster has a rational reason for disagreeing, some seeming justification for why a scene is objectively bad. Like, I dunno, Tywin raising his voice and "smiling", or Myrcella crying, someone was about to give up on the show becuse Brienne was too pretty (and you know, her ugliness is a big part of who she is, therefore if she's not ugly enough, they are destroying her character!), I've read many harp against Theon killing Rodrik because it's not it the books, not to mention the furor surrounding the missing dragons (even though it happened at the very end of the episode which makes it hard to critique one way or the other until we've had a chance to see how it plays out next week).Edited to add: Oh yeah, many voiced their adamant displeasure regarding Jaime's dyslexia. Why? Well, it wasn't in the books obviously... Examples are endless really.I agree. It is difficult to maintain that a straw man argument is held up against you if you can see snippets of it everywhere.The reasoning is something like this: "I'm not saying it should be ad verbatim 100%... I'm just saying that change x is bad because it would "never happen/has not happened in the books. and change y too. and change z... and change xx... etc. etc."Compare that to this "I'm not saying women are inferior to men, they're just weaker than men, and less intelligent, and less competent..."See how every following remark contradicts the first statement? Maybe it would help to highlight some of the positive changes as well. To be fair, most people here are reasonable. I'm talking about those few who think this is the worst piece of television in the history of mankind.
853	pleonasm	2012-05-09	And none of those said they needed a verbatim adaption - which is what the claim is, that "purists" or "book readers" require that it be 100% verbatim. Please do find claims that require this to be a word for word, scene for scene adaption. They don't exist. What does exist is criticism about elements or scenes that do not work for that viewer. If they work for you, great - comment as you will, if they don't, great - comment as you will. But please stop the [b]"OMG - IT'S AN ADAPTION, IT WON'T BE A COPY" because no one is asking for that, most likely not even the owner of the story.[\b]Amen. While there has been some nitpicking at the end of the day, I think most of just want a smart compelling and well crafted story. My biggest complaints are typically rooted in the writing of the adaption. Though they often have an inspired idea or two (Tyrion's Myrcella proposals with the Small Council or Winterfell this week),  too often they have sacrificed nuance and subtely in favor of tits, guts and poorly thought through scenes.See my example below:Lets take Ygritte and Jon from this week. Clearly they had a couple of objectives. Introduce Ygritte. Add some action to provide some energy to the scene. And setup the relationship down the road. That all makes sense. But the scene as crafted is poorly put together.Why on earth would Halfhand leave Jon to the execution of a Wilding? Why the inane dialouge of how a WIlding will never tell you anything to then having that same Wilding spill on just about everything? Is the she liar? Would this not warrant some further investigation? And then they just leave Jon to finish her off - which she then manages to slip away - I think I have seen that scene more than a 100 times in movies and television.  A simple rewrite would have the Watch decide to kill the scouting party they have spotted. They do so and then a fourth (Ygritte) is spotted returing with firewood or something. Halfhand orders Jon to take her out and he gives chase (you have your action sequence), and is able to snare her. Now they are alone. Jon discovers she is a women, a pretty one (although she should be much more dirty... trust me, with that hair and complexion, it won't be a problem) and you proceed with his struggle with what to do with her. It gets Ygritte and Jon together logically and doesn't require some clunky exposition or bizarre contrivances.I know it may appear I'm nitpicking, but its these clunky scenes which are maddening. They feel like first drafts or writer inexperience.  In a 10 episode season there should be way less of those and much more of the opening Winterfell sequence.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 09 May 2012 - 01:55 PM.
854	Silverx2	2012-05-09	this episode was very hit and miss for me.
Loved everything in harrenhal
Hated everything in Qarth
the Kings landing scenes were good, the sansa attack was great until the hound portion, it didnt look very realistice, with wierd camera work kind of ruined it. The hound was great, the attackers great, and sansa great but the actual camera work ruined it.
The rob stuff wasn't horrible
The winterfel stuff was good.
"Where are my dragons" was one of the worst lines in the series, this episodes dany stuff just felt really poorly written, but the spice merchant was good. I'm not sure if this is the writing or emila clarke's fault.
Kind of middle of the road for me.
855	gordonah	2012-05-09	I loved it. 9.
Harenhal scenes and the riot were particularly enjoyable.
I've read a lot of the more negative comments, and the low ratings, but I thoroughly enjoyed it all. I think I have managed to mentally divorce the series from the books, so am not bother by the deviations.
856	Cuthbert Allgood	2012-05-09	Book reader here, I gave it a 9, rated this as the highest this season so far. I'm watching the show with a friend who didn't read the books, so that probably helps me take it easy with diversions from the books. Just some random stuff after reading some posts in this thread:
* Myrcella crying: Absolutely nitpicking her some you folks. Sure, they might have her smiling and laughing to show "her character" but this way it's much better to show non book readers (who has no idea where is this Dorne place, is that far?) that she is only going there because Tyrion thinks it must be done / it is not someplace close etc.. If she seemed not minding the situation at all, Cersei would look to be just bitcin' for the sake of it.
* Littlefinger / Arya : For me, that scene was fun to watch but not exciting as I know Arya's storyline and I was comfortable knowing she won't get caught. My non book reader friend was all "omg omg he will recognize her.. omg look he knows it Arya!!!!"
* Lorch / Arya / Jaqen: Forget what Ä± said. I knew Arya won't be caught yet I for got that for a second and was really worried about the situation when he was running off to tell Tywin. That death scene wasn't funny at all.
* Robb/ Jeyne / Catelyn: Was happy that they are reminding people that Robb is promised to marry someone else. They should keep reminding to make the way to Red Wedding.
* Riot: Loved those scenes too, I just wished they had introduced in High Septon previous episodes to make his death matter more. Church will be a player in future seasons so they could have made the septon a bit more important imo.
* Dragon Stealing: LOVE it. I was bugged with noone ever trying to kill Dany and steal dragons -would love if someone explain it to me with something other than "Qarth culture" - also a nice way to get her into HotU.
857	Tadco26	2012-05-09	BoldAsYouPlease, on 08 May 2012 - 10:02 PM, said:If by "perfect" you mean "exact word-for-word fidelity", you're right. But that's a strawman - I've yet to see any critic of the show demand that the book be followed to the letter, only that the changes make sense and prove worthwhile.Oh, really? See below:Tadco26, in this thread:It really is turning more and more into a story inspired by the books more so than trying to adapt them faithfully. I was hoping that season 2 would try to be at least as faithful as season 1 if not more so, but it seems the opposite is the case.How in the world is my quote demanding a 100% translation of the books?  I quite clearly state that season 1 was overall a very good adaptation and it wasn't close to a 100% translation.  There have been numerous scenes from this season that I thought were great adaptations even in this episode such as the riot and Theon's scenes.  Just because all of the people quoted had problems with some of the scenes in no way implies that they expected every scene to be word for word with the books.  I do think that this season has been less faithful to the books than last season, and I don't really see how anyone can argue otherwise.  Whether you like those changes or not is a different arguement based primarily on opinion.
858	rahne	2012-05-09	I like last weeks better. This week some of the scences were too forced. Theon scene was great ,and the scene with Sansa and the Housd. Loved it
859	int11	2012-05-09	Amazing episode! I love TV-Ygritte already â<U+0080>¦ and the scene with Tyrion and Joffrey was astonishing.
860	Silverjaime	2012-05-09	Did out a reply but the board ate it!
So - gave it a 6; too many things not great - Robb, Dany, Jon - their storylines have been chopped and changed too much for my liking; LF still popping up all over Westeros to have yet another scheming chat with another character; Arya and Tywin - great acting but nonsensical scenes - he would hardly even think of a child servant as human never mind confide in her.
Liked the Winterfell part - powerful scenes very well acted; the riot scenes - very good, Sophie was great, and thank goodness the Hound got a couple of words and some action; and Tyrion and Joffrey interaction never ceases to amuse!
Overall  if it was just a TV show it would be good. But I think the increasing departures from the novels are changing the characters, their journeys and their motivations, and setting up problems for future continuity.
Also Jaqen/Lorch...WTF??  Why make the killing funny? Where is scary magical Jaqen?
					
					
							Edited by Silverjaime, 09 May 2012 - 06:09 PM.
861	Eira Seren	2012-05-09	I applaud the honesty of this post.  I do think all of us are guilty sometimes of taking things too seriously on these episodes threads - I'm as guilty as everyone else.  The TWoP forums also seem to be (in line with the site's original purpose) an area in which things aren't taken too seriously.  People just enjoy the show and can still poke gentle fun at some of the more ludicrous aspects.  I find it comical, for instance, that people can object to magical shadow assassins, yet accept a girl walking through fire to hatch dragon eggs as an everyday occurrence almost /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  Each to his own.As for my stance - here we go.  Some people have asked why certain episodes of the present series can be given high marks in the poll.  I can't speak for anyone else, nor would I have the arrogance to do so, but for my own part I vote between 8-10 purely on entertainment value to me personally, PLUS, I am voting in context.  When I know it's HBO, I know it's gloriously glossy, flashy and deliciously trashy TV (I mean that in the best possible way - a guilty pleasure).  Always visually gorgeous, always takes liberties, gratuitous tits, the compulsory lesbian scene to get the guys salivating, vivid mindless violence, etc. etc., but that's HBO.  I'm going to judge it within its context, not compare it to Downton Abbey or superlative "serious" - ahem! dramas of the past on both sides of the Atlantic.  The same applies to the books.  They are enjoyable genre fiction, not Shakespeare or classics.  I judge them within their context too.  I love the major characters; adore the world-building; forgive the occasional descent into soap opera, and constant repetitions.One thing I have to say in praise of the show.  After seeing series 1, I read all the books in a genre I would never have tried in a million years.  Sci-fi and fantasy never interested me for years (apart from the obligatory LOTR reading that we all go through as teenagers - and while held as a classic, personally that bored me senseless).  I am sure that George must be pleased to know that the HBO show has helped him sell even more books, because I'm not the only one who was turned on to the addiction that is ASOIAF by the TV series.  Now, like everyone else, I am anxiously awaiting the release of WoW.  I know there will be parts - like in all the books - that will make me roll my eyes; even giggle at the odd absurdity.  These little lapses don't spoil my enjoyment of the books, they actually add to it.  What a dork Quentyn was thinking he could tame dragons, but how gloriously, touchingly heroic he was to try.  The books have peaks and troughs - far more peaks, so I keep reading.The show is the same.  Do I really want to spoil my overall enjoyment by analysing how ravens get from A to B, or do I just want to watch an overall story developing, and embrace it, complete with its flaws for the addictive entertainment it is?So, yep - I think our own personal expectations come into this.  Those who have made George into one of the Seven, will be far stricter in their criticism.  I know where they're coming from.  My passion is Roman history and I swore at the TV screen during the first two episodes of 'Rome' and stopped watching.  Then, I gave it another go and tried to forget all my training in ancient history, and just watched it as a story.  It improved for me then and I could see the good bits.I don't hold George to be a god.  I thoroughly enjoy his saga, and I know that without it there wouldn't be a TV series at all, but I suppose because I'm not as passionate as other devotees, I don't judge with the same harsh criteria.  I don't hold HBO to be immortal either.  I know what I'll be getting, and judge accordingly.Just my two penn-orth.well, i guess my expectations are kindof high i have to confess.  it's good entertainment and good tv, like spartacus; it's also good writing and story, like deadwood.  at some level, for me at least, the series has surpassesed what i think of as tv.  in fact, i don't watch as much tv as i used to, because a lot of it (even some of my old standbys) don't seem that great.  for this series, i'm not just in it for the entertainment.and, super-nerd that i am, it's the same way, for me, with the novels.  they are surpassingly entertaining, yes.  they are also as powerful at times as what we deem 'literature'.  there's as much in here as my favorite victorian novels.  i enjoy (from an entertainment and critical standpoint) GRRM'S series as much as i do shakespeare, and tolstoy and a.s. byatt.  i can read these with a pencil in hand (actually, i may as well confess, i actually have, and there's plenty to find).  sure, it's popular fiction.  but it's very fine writing as well, and the questions it asks of us readers are often just as compelling as the ones we find in 'literary' works.still has plenty of guilty pleasure moments, though!the purpose of art is to inform and delight ~ horace
					
					
							Edited by Eira Seren, 09 May 2012 - 10:49 PM.
862	conny	2012-05-10	I found a picture of Sean Bean sitting on the Iron Throne in my tv guide. Since I like the actor very much I started watching the series. I never ever had any interest in fantasy whatsoever. BUT after the first season I bought all four books and started reading, then finished and was supposed to wait for another two months until volume 5 came out on paperback. (at least here in Germany)  Not possible. So I bought DwD as hardcover, which nearly broke off my wrists. But it was worth it. I read all 5 volumes within 7 weeks, bought the bluerays and could hardly wait for the second season.And now I enjoy the show and don't mind the changes. I consider it impossible to stick to the books too close, because it is far too complicated, too voluminous, involving too many characters etc.I am afraid that too many viewers would be hopelessly lost and drop out.Just compare the annex explaining the characters/houses involved. Grows bigger with every book /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
863	Thunderfist	2012-05-10	The Freys don't care if Robb has sex with some nurse.  An infatuation is meaningless as long as Robb is willing to follow through on his oath to the Freys.I agree with you that the Freys probably wouldnÂ´t mind if Robb had sex with some random lowborn girl to blow off some steam or whatever. However I do believe that one or two eyebrows would be raised about the fact that Robb is obviously falling in love with this girl and that heÂ´s showing this in public in front of everyone. The Freys might not have reason to believe that he will end up marrying this girl but I am certain that they would see it as worrying and as an insult.
864	Kvothe the Arcane	2012-05-10	Great episode, definitely one of the best of this series so far. 
Loved the Theon, Qhorin and Riot scenes particularly, the Ser Rodrik scene was an excellent change, helped flesh out Theon's situation in Winterfell. However, I am finding the Daenerys storyline just as dull as I did when I first read CoK, the fleshing out of it they are doing is taking away from the much more engaging Westeros based action. Delighted Ramsay Snow/Bolton is making it into this season though, the Reeds will be missed in the course of the season though, if Osha replaces them in Bran's storyline it just will not make sense on screen, with all her characterisation from the first series it would just look insane to take the character along with Bran. 
All in all though probably my favourite episodes or both series, the geographical and character switches really worked brilliantly in this one.
865	packersfan	2012-05-10	Good point about the Freys and Robb...this nurse just makes the story less believable.  What would the Frey's care if he fools around with a foreign nurse?  However, look in the books, their issue is that he fools around with Jeyne Westerling and then feels compelled to marry her as the honorable thing to do and the fact that he falls for her.  The issue is the marriage!  One of my friends thinks they put this nurse in, so they could introduce this romance in the second season rather than the third (third book is when it all happens).  Really?  Why?  We don't have enough other things to keep us appetized!  We really need an even DUMBER romance???  This is going to make Robb look even stupider than he was in the books when he broke his oath with the Freys!
As for Osha, Bran, Rickon, and Hodor and the lack of Reeds, I think this is going to problematic.  My friend thinks that they must run into the Reeds later (next season...HBO didn't want to hire more child actors maybe this season).  Since in the books Osha and Rickon go one way and the Reeds, Bran and Hodor go north, how will that work without the Reeds?  Also, remember that eventually Davos is dispatched by Manderly of White Harbor to find Rickon.  Hopefully, the writers have only rearranged events a little and not completely bungled up these seemingly little things, which could have far greater impact.
As for Jon and Ygritte: I saw someone saying that it made no sense that Halfhand and the other rangers would leave Jon to execute her, but this IS how it happened in the book.  However, HBO changed it by having her then ESCaPe and Jon chasing.  In the book, he lets her go.  They don't meet up again or start any relationship until he joins up with Mance Rayder.  Are they just extending the time they spend together before he lets her go?  If so, how are they going to explain that time to the other rangers. When he let her go in the book, it was fast.  Jon was able to say he finished her off (or did he say she got away?)...either way, there was no suspicious long time where Jon was separated from the group.  Seems the writers are anxious and impatient to tell parts of the story they are really excited about instead of taking their time and letting the story get there.
I really think the show is a million times easier to watch when you haven't read the books.  It is nice to know what will happen and who everyone is, but at the same time it is a major letdown when you know what happens next or SHOULD happen next and then the HBO writers produce a major twist that completely alters that story.  Oh well, maybe I should just go back to nitpicking about movies and shows based on history that fabricate and completely change historical occurences for entertainment purposes like Benjamin Rush in the John Adams miniseries being alive AFTER Abigail Adams died, despite him dying in the real world BEFORE her.  Oh HBO, sheesh.
					
					
							Edited by packersfan, 10 May 2012 - 10:07 PM.
866	rmholt	2012-05-11	are you kidding me?where did the budget go?????? look at the damn screen. this show has the highest production value i've ever seen on Televisionif you have no idea what you are talking about just ........ you know what i meanThe budget went to CGI and the upcoming Battle of the Blackwater AFAIK
867	rmholt	2012-05-11	Best episode of Season 2. Worth a 10.Everything was done fantastically. It had action and drama and a sense of flow that the other episodes haven't matched. The book changes are done well; Qarth might just end up not being one uninteresting bore with her dragon's stolen (as well, I always wondered why they didn't take them in the books). Tywin's actor dominates the screen. He's easily the best actor in the entire cast.Arya stealing the letter... Lolwat? Why not just read the damn thing and leave it there. When the letter goes missing, it's not like Tywin isn't going to immediately know who stole it. And, of course, Amory had it on him when he died in front of Tywin. Nice save by Jaqen though.I cannot comprehend the people expecting this to be like the books or claiming that it 'betrays' GRRM's vision. Newsflash: GRRM has done things extremely poorly. He's had bad scenes, bad characters, and bad, nonsensical plot. This is a second runthrough and I highly suspect they're polishing and fixing things he's had issues with. You can't show half of what the books do purely because they're revealed through monologue or else too subtle for the screen. This necessitates changes and a change from his 'vision'. Due to both limited time and the medium, the show should be more entertaining and action packed than the books while still retaining as much of the intriguing plot as possible... and that's what they're doing. It shouldn't try to be as in depth or 'deep' because it won't be able to manage it.I will bet money to the effect that Brienne will not be wandering the Riverlands in the show. That was, while... important... in the books, boring for the show.That said, yes, this show had some issues. Something that stood out for me was the guy's arm getting torn out during the riot. The rest of the riot was done marvelously, but I just had to shake my head at that part. Jon missing with his strike just strikes me as him being incompetent. As mentioned, the letter and Arya. However, none of these flaws were big enough to merit more than a flash of irritation. The episode was great.Jon didnt miss by accident MHO.  The chase seemed weird - I guess they were in a hurry to get him to Mance.  He is now totally lost if i understand correctly.I do have one complaint about Ygritte.  She is too beautiful and too well put together and too openly assertive in the sexual seduction attempts this early.  Hair and makeup FAIL.I would rather have seen the stabbing of Preston Greenfield turning him and his armor/cloak red or the pulping of Santagar's head, but ripping of limbs will do.The stealing of the dragons may save the Dany plotline.  Xaro and the head of the Thirteen are completely stealing the scenes.  I read she isnt a very experienced actor so give her a little break.I sort of liked the Jaqen/Lorch thing bc Jaqen is allowing himself to be bossed by Arya.  This seems entirely in character for both.
868	Michaelj	2012-05-11	Jon didnt miss by accident MHO.  The chase seemed weird - I guess they were in a hurry to get him to Mance.  He is now totally lost if i understand correctly.I do have one complaint about Ygritte.  She is too beautiful and too well put together and too openly assertive in the sexual seduction attempts this early.  Hair and makeup FAIL.I would rather have seen the stabbing of Preston Greenfield turning him and his armor/cloak red or the pulping of Santagar's head, but ripping of limbs will do.The stealing of the dragons may save the Dany plotline.  Xaro and the head of the Thirteen are completely stealing the scenes.  I read she isnt a very experienced actor so give her a little break.I sort of liked the Jaqen/Lorch thing bc Jaqen is allowing himself to be bossed by Arya.  This seems entirely in character for both.Hes not off to Mance, its been confirmed he'll find the halfhand again and he'll give him a mission.
869	Morrigan	2012-05-11	First time I've ever given an episode a six. The episode is too marred by stupidity. Lorch's hokey death, Tywin's nonsensical complaints about that damned letter as if Lorch's stuck it in the wrong envelope.... it was very, very lazy writing. Which is a shame, because those first ten minutes stands up there with the any ten minutes in the series to date. Brilliant adaptation, the Theon bits.This. Gave it a 6 as well, before I read this, but I agree with everything you wrote in this thread.Oh, and again, glad we didnt get any useless sex scenes... hope they will continue this way, the first part of the season was really spoiling too much time for it and eating time for other stories... hope this is over !*coughOshacough*Book-Osha: "fuck the Starks and their kitchen, give me a spear", kicks guy in the nuts and takes his spear, earns Theon's trust. Badass.TV-Osha: "fuck the Starks and their kitchen, give me a spear". TV-Theon: "lol no". TV-Osha: "fine then, look at my boobies!" Theon: "lol k". Lame.The maddest thing about some of the book-purist nerd-rage on the forum is when they start ranting about all the naked people on TV.They did read the same books as the rest of us, right?http://asoiaf.wester...-the-wrong-sex/I see a lot of complaints about "major" deviations. If Rodrick dies, does it really matter it Theon swung the sword or if Ramsay did? Obvious strawman is obvious, hardly anyone has complained about this scene. I find the strawman dishonest quite telling though, and unfortunately really typical.
870	rmholt	2012-05-11	Hes not off to Mance, its been confirmed he'll find the halfhand again and he'll give him a mission.ah, you have some sekrit info?  OK I'll trust you
871	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-11	As for Osha, Bran, Rickon, and Hodor and the lack of Reeds, I think this is going to problematic.  My friend thinks that they must run into the Reeds later (next season...HBO didn't want to hire more child actors maybe this season).  Since in the books Osha and Rickon go one way and the Reeds, Bran and Hodor go north, how will that work without the Reeds?  Also, remember that eventually Davos is dispatched by Manderly of White Harbor to find Rickon.  Hopefully, the writers have only rearranged events a little and not completely bungled up these seemingly little things, which could have far greater impact.My guess is that the producers aren't too concerned with the impact on future story-lines from the books because they know they'll need to write their own ending to this show. Even if they manage to milk two seasons out of each of the next three books, they will have caught up to Martin's written story in 6 years, and there's no guarantee that TWoW will even be out by then. Further, it's questionable if HBO will continue with an expensive series for 8+ seasons - has any HBO series lasted longer than 6 seasons?I think the divergence from the written story is only going to increase - the question is whether the conclusion of the books will in any way match the ending of the TV series which will have ended years earlier.
872	Winter Wasnt That Bad	2012-05-11	This episode was the best of season 2 for me.  Really like the guy who plays Theon, he is the perfect Theon (in way over his head at Winterfell), plus the guy can flat out act. 
The riot scene riveted me.  I thought it would be a letdown, like Renly's death was. But I was wrong.  You could really sense the menace in the crowd, and the fear growing in the royal entourage.  Ncely done.
873	Michaelj	2012-05-12	ah, you have some sekrit info?  OK I'll trust youYou think im making this up? :S I forgot where I read it but I think it was episode 8 or episode 10 but the halfhand "gives Jon a mission". Which if you read the books you'll know what the mission is. So unless the halfhand does a search mission for Jon and finds him and decides to flat out give the mission then I think it hard to believe.
874	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-05-13	I gave it 7. Not a bad episode, but nothing outstanding. Too much dubious material added by the directors/scriptwriters - Roose sending a letter to Ramsay to march on Winterfell (now we can assume, that we're gonna see a glimpse of the bastard in season's last episode); Jayne Westerling posing as some Volantein wench; ser Rodrik executed by Theon; Yigreet flirting with Jon on their first encounter... and of cause the abduction of Dany's dragons by the warlocks. They could avoid all of this stuffing and just leave more screen time to actual book narrative. A shame.
875	BlackTalon	2012-05-13	some Volantein wench; ...  Yigreet flirting with Jon Gods be good
876	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-05-13	Gods be goodIT IS KNOWN
877	Rollo Tomasi	2012-05-13	I gave it a 9. 
Ygritte flirting with Jon was hilarious. 
Dany was a fool to leave her dragons unprotected like that. I thought that was bad writing on the writers part. Its very different in the book.
I also like what they did with the Hound and "the little bird".
878	Harrad	2012-05-23	Sorry to say but this episode was really when the season took off...That of course means the previous 5 were not great.  Good but not great. At the end of episode 6 I said "nooooooooooooooooooooooo....too soon."
879	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Gave it a good 8.
Pros:
Faster pace
Theon seizing Winterfell
Rodrik's death
Riot scene
Jon and Halfhand ambushing the Wildlings
Arya and Tywin
Cons:
Littlefinger showing up at Harrenhal
Daenerys' dragons being taken
880	Ran	2012-04-29	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
881	justashadow	2012-05-07	Great opening sene with Theon but you could tell he was very conflicted taking Winterfell....he didn't show great leadership...looked pretty scared to me even killing Rodrick Cassel. I can't wait until he gets his when Bolton's son comes.
Loved Jon's scenes with  Yvgrite...some adventure and romance? The scenery was amazing..I can't believe the location..just breathtaking with the sunset on the ice.
Sansa/Hound scene....beginning to like the Hound...could you see his disgust of Joffrey? Liked Shae telling her not to trust anyonein KL..finally someone told her. Joffrey got it twice, once in the face and once with Tyrion.
Tywin/Arya...awesome scenes.
Dany's scene were ok until the end when the dragons where gone.
For me, Osha's last scene was the height of the episode. Go Bran and Rickon.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 07 May 2012 - 12:01 AM.
882	sennahoj	2012-05-07	The Hound was awesome. Not only his fighting, but also his dry comment to Joffrey.
Joffrey: "I want to see them executed."
Hound: "They want the same for you."
The Hound not only despises Joffrey for his cruelty and cowardice, I think, he also respects Sansa for her courage. She threw Joff's crying on the Kingsroad right in his face when he was teasing Tommen about crying over Myrcella leaving.
					
					
							Edited by sennahoj, 07 May 2012 - 05:52 AM.
883	Fakko	2012-05-07	A great episode. 
Theon has been showing his true stripes the past two episodes: arrogant and incompetent. He couldn't even give an honorable man a clean death.  Live by the cock, die by the cock. I thought for sure Osha was going to cut his throat in his sleep. 
I've lost a lot of respect for Jon. He wants to be the rough and ready ranger, but he can not kill the enemy right under his blade. I thought Ghost was going to leap out and tear her head off. Now she's playing with him (mentally and physically ). 
Robb's love interest is dull. 
Tywin & Arya are as entertaining as ever. Playing little games of wits and subterfuge. Did Little Finger recognize her?
Joffrey is Theon's bookend: arrogant and incompetent. I thoroughly enjoyed the Joffrey slapping (both by dung and Tyrion).  Poor Sansa; as I she hasn't been shit on enough already. The Hound is showing himself to be much more the noble knight than anyone else in the King's court. 
I have a feeling that Dany may end up burning all of Qarth to the ground. I am guessing she will find her dragons next week and rain down hell.
					
					
							Edited by Fakko, 07 May 2012 - 08:16 AM.
884	Fakko	2012-05-07	I claim (blissful) ignorance as a non-book reader (so far). 
I think LF knows. He's been shown to be very perceptive and shrewd (though not so shrewd this season). 
Tywin is also very intelligent and I agree
that he must at least suspect.  Arya's lies are spontaneous and weak as a result. 
I am really enjoying the show. I have the first novel as an e-book. I just need to get started. I most likely will during the painfully long hiatus.
					
					
							Edited by Fakko, 07 May 2012 - 12:49 PM.
885	drigoly	2012-05-07	I have a feeling that Dany may end up burning all of Qarth to the ground. I am guessing she will find her dragons next week and rain down hell.with that little things? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
886	teamocil	2012-05-07	Tywin is also very intelligent and I agreethat he must at least suspect.  Arya's lies are spontaneous and weak as a result.I'm just confused about why he's letting Arya listen in on his council meetings and read his communications if he has suspicions about her identity.  Actually, I'm confused about why he keeps her around at all even if he accepts her story of being a clever Northerner who can read.  Either way this doesn't seem like the brightest move on his part.  Still, I like how they're humanizing him.  He's still badass like last season, just a little more fatherly and relatable.  I'm guessing that Arya's going to hesitate about using her last kill on Tywin, and he'll get away, leading her to a life of regret since apparently only terrible things are allowed to happen to Starks.Speaking of which, bad things are clearly in store for Jon and Rob thanks to their supposed love interests.  Why do all the sympathetic characters have to act like idiots?  Like, why on earth did Roderick come back to Winterfell alone?  I thought he had like 200 men with him!  F@*%ing Theon Greyjoy, at least we know you are too dumb to last very long. All in all, an amazing episode. The actor portraying Theon has been fantastic, and the riot scene was terrifying.  I was sooo hoping that the mob would get their hands on Joffrey or Cersei, oh well...
887	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-05-07	Sandor Clegane finally kicked butt!!!  yeaaaaaay!!!!!  I was getting tired of them having him just standing around.  And he called Sansa "Little bird"  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
888	iheartseverus	2012-05-07	Bits I totally loved...*  I feel 1,000% sure that LittleFinger knows its Ayra.  After all, she spent, what?  Months?  In King's Landing before Ned's death.  They probably ran into one another many dozens of times.  Toward the end of that scene as Ayra is walking away and Tywin is talking, LF's eyes narrow and follow her across the room.  Yup, he knows.  The question now is--what's he gonna do with that info?	For sure, he'll try to work out his 'knowledge is power' discovery to his own best advantage.  To my mind, Tywin does not know.  How could he?  We heard Tyrion (an episode or two ago) mention that there'd been no ravens back and forth from Tywin for weeks.  Tywin's never seen Ayra, and as far as he knows 'the Stark girls' are safely under wraps in KL, to be used in trade for Jaime.*  During the KL riot, the Hound tucking dipshit scrawny lunatic little Joffrey under one arm like a sack of potatoes and hauling him up the stairs, while Joff is flailing around helplessly like a toddler in a tantrum.  Go, Hound!  Die, Dipshit!*  Jaqen.  Anything Jaqen.  ( Note to A Man:  A Man must be weary.  This girl has a warm, comfortable feather quilt upon which you may rest.  It is known.)*  Jaqen.ETA:  typo
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 07 May 2012 - 09:07 PM.
889	Fakko	2012-05-07	I'm just confused about why he's letting Arya listen in on his council meetings and read his communications if he has suspicions about her identity.  Actually, I'm confused about why he keeps her around at all even if he accepts her story of being a clever Northerner who can read.  Either way this doesn't seem like the brightest move on his part.  Still, I like how they're humanizing him.  He's still badass like last season, just a little more fatherly and relatable.  I'm guessing that Arya's going to hesitate about using her last kill on Tywin, and he'll get away, leading her to a life of regret since apparently only terrible things are allowed to happen to Starks.My (book deficient) thoughts are that it's a combination of complacency and respect. Tywin (in theory) has no idea whom he has as his cup bearer. To him she is just a young girl lost in the world. Clever and bright, but without connections or relevance to his affairs and their associated troubles. Also, I think he respects her intelligence and resourcefulness. She's more capable in some regards than his own men. These shared traits have bred a false sense of familiarity with her. Enough so he is comfortable using her as sounding board/diary of sorts. After all, whom could she possibly tell and how, in his mind?
					
					
							Edited by Fakko, 08 May 2012 - 09:05 AM.
890	Amythil	2012-05-08	I think this propably was the best episode this far in season 2. I think the plot involved the most interesting carachters this time, and things are starting to move more forward. 
I have to say, that I hate(!) Theon so much! But the scene in Winterfell was really good very emotional. And ser Rodick /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> such a shame.
Is it just me, or is the chemistry between Robb and Talisa...I donÂ´t know, almost real sparks flying.
Nice to see Joffrey being slapped, and the Hound being a hero. The scene with Sansa was really intimmidating, as if marrying Joffrey isnÂ´t bad enough.
The only part I donÂ´t care so much about is Dany, she seem too much of a spoiled brat to me, bragging about her dragons. /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />
891	justashadow	2012-05-08	Fav line from Tyrion to Joffrey:
Tyrion: â<U+0080><U+009C>Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve had vicious kings and weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve had idiot kings, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know if weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve ever been cursed with a vicious idiot boy king.â<U+0080><U+009D>
â<U+0080>¦
892	Callum_S	2012-05-08	Another great episode loved yet another slap by tyrion to joff and what an ending wow cant wait to see what happens next week
893	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-09	The only part I donÂ´t care so much about is Dany, she seem too much of a spoiled brat to me, bragging about her dragons. /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />I think now she's had the little buggers pinched, it will (hopefully) give her a jolt.  But did anyone else not see the parallels here between Dany and Theon?  He was just a boastful twerp, sticking out his chest and trying to convince everyone he was Prince of Winterfell; Dany was a boastful little girl, throwing her WMDs in people's faces.  Both very immature people who need stern correction.  I'm talking about the show purely, here, and not the books.  I think the show is giving us different sets of dynamics, and I find it interesting to keep speculating how things will be resolved.
894	justashadow	2012-05-09	I think now she's had the little buggers pinched, it will (hopefully) give her a jolt.  But did anyone else not see the parallels here between Dany and Theon?  He was just a boastful twerp, sticking out his chest and trying to convince everyone he was Prince of Winterfell; Dany was a boastful little girl, throwing her WMDs in people's faces.  Both very immature people who need stern correction.  I'm talking about the show purely, here, and not the books.  I think the show is giving us different sets of dynamics, and I find it interesting to keep speculating how things will be resolved.I agree. Theon was very pompous.He didn't even think about the consequences  of his actions or what consquence may lay ahead for himself.  Dany, egocentric teenager.  I'm glad the spice merchant put her in her place, she needed that.  I wonder if Dany will realize her mistakes at Quarth  faster than Theon.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 09 May 2012 - 06:22 PM.
895	justashadow	2012-05-10	Rewatched it the other nite...Did anyone notice that Mormont was not around when Dany's dragons were gone??
896	Zod	2012-05-12	I wonder how far the TV show will deviate from the books.
I really hope that a lot of things are changed to suit the taste of most viewers (who are simply non-book readers).
897	boojam	2012-05-12	I wonder how far the TV show will deviate from the books.I really hope that a lot of things are changed to suit the taste of most viewers (who are simply non-book readers).Right now it's not worth thinking too much ahead. We only have 4 E left. E9 writes itself.What they do about Weasel Soup ... that can be restructured... but the I am sure the basic story , in some way, will be there it is just too good.Qarth is a big mystery, looks as if the big scene there will take place with quite a modification and then E10 will end, I am guessing, the Qarth story like the book.Except for the details does not seem much need to change Theon's story.Beyond the Wall it think with modification, a little , writes itself.It looks as if just a little bit of SoS will be moved into S1 , I don't know E8 and E10, don't know if there's room for it in E9.Lord knows Storm of Swords is my favorite, and a lot of peoples, because Georges just gets ripping along...to much stuff happens that is sensational for every character, even Sansa! The backbone of SoS is so good it really does demand two seasons, not really much modification except for a lot of compactification. As for books 4 and 5, whew!, I don't know... just my personal opinion, about half those books need rewriting anyway.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 12 May 2012 - 12:27 PM.
898	serconjay	2012-05-07	The Talisa storyline doesn't make much sense unless she's pretending to be someone out of fear of being held hostage to the North.
Robb asked her name; she says: "Talisa Maegi" (Unsure how to spell it - pronounced "may-guy").  I think this means she's definately Jeyne Westerling.  Her grandmother Maggy the Frog, a Maegi.  Her grandmother, travelled from the East, where "Talisa" claims she's from; not a complete lie.
It's just a theory, but plausible.
I hope it's Jeyne, otherwise they're losing out on an AWESOME future storyline.
899	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-07	Also, I got the vibe that the letter regarding Robb Stark on Tywin's table at Harrenhal bore some resemblance the the papers that Talisa was writing while in Robb's camp - the same papers that she was anxiously trying to hide/roll up while simultaneously flirting with Robb.  You see the writing only from a distance, or illuminated from the other side, but as best I can tell the look and shape of the paper and the handwriting looks awfully similar (as best I can tell).
Also, this way they don't have to show Robb storming a lesser castle, then being nursed by Jeyne, which would be time consuming and expensive.
900	Dragon of Valyria	2012-05-07	As I posted in the main thread, I've been seeing it spelled Maegyr elsewhere. If true, that's a perfectly normal sounding Valyrian/Volantene name. She doesn't look a bit like Volantene nobility, but some Targaryens don't look the part either (e.g. Baelor Breakspear or the late Rhaenys). II'm still wondering if the Volantis story is a half-lie--that she's a Westerling, but her mother is a Maegyr.
901	House Snow	2012-05-07	I don't see why people are so upset about this storyline.  Love stories are sappy.  There really isn't a way to film one esp with a few scenes (as opposed to an indepth chick flick movie) in a way that isn't going to be corny. Not showing how Robb met Jeyne or whoever she is was NOT an option.
902	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	She's going to nurse him back to health when Jamie beats the crap out of Robb in his attempted escape. She is Jeyne Westering or maybe Lannister. She is there to spy on him but will fall for him whilst nursing him back from the scene that I have faith will happen.
903	Sxxman	2012-05-07	From what I understand, when I looked at the casting it said Jeyne so I don't know why the writers would change her name to Lady Talisa unless she was just using a false name.
904	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	i alwys pictured jeyne as blond for some reason, not dark
905	wolverine	2012-05-07	I pictured Jeyne as dumber or more naive.  But I also thought Maergery was more naive than she is in the show too.  At least slightly more innocent.
906	Travy1991	2012-05-07	I'm pretty sure Oona Chaplin's character is Jeyne Westerling but using the name Talisa for some mysterious reason yet to be revealed. Jeyne in the books is a bit of a non-entity so I don't mind them making the character a bit more feisty and giving her her own little sub-plot if need be.
907	Independent George	2012-05-07	Robb asked her name; she says: "Talisa Maegi" (Unsure how to spell it - pronounced "may-guy").  I think this means she's definately Jeyne Westerling.  Her grandmother Maggy the Frog, a Maegi.  Her grandmother, travelled from the East, where "Talisa" claims she's from; not a complete lie.It's just a theory, but plausible.I hope it's Jeyne, otherwise they're losing out on an AWESOME future storyline.I heard a 'Maegi', too, and sat up straight once I realized what it meant. There was an extra syllable at the end - it sounded more like Maegia - but it's definitely a variation on Maegi.
908	Laohu	2012-05-07	At this point, I just want the buildup to come to fruition (i.e. more Oona screen time). I am buying the little love story so far. She seems like a lady Robb would (inadvertently?) fall for.
909	G Vico	2012-05-07	I know who Talisa really is.  What I still can't figure out is who Jeyne Westerling is dressed up as.  Dagmer, maybe?
910	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-07	IMO, she's clearly lying about her identity. Please also refer to the "previously on..." package before the episode. They chose to include the soundbite of her riding away, announcing her name. I believe it's very telling that this choice was made. Add that to the awkwardness of her exchange with Catelyn, and the fact that Robb accuses her of being more than she lets on...oh, and then there's the letter she was trying her best to put out of sight, as if she was just caught with her hand in the cookie jar. So much is at play here...these scenes aren't simple opportunities for Robb and Talisa to make googly eyes at one another -- this is all leading somewhere. I believe she's a Westerling at this point. Whether they choose to keep her first name as "Jeyne," I don't know. Given the Osha/Asha/Yara situation, they may option to change Jeyne Westerling into Somethingelse Westerling due to Jeyne Poole.
I think they're trying to turn Jeyne into a plant. She's probably being forced to report to Tywin...maybe he has her family hostage? So, she's doing what she needs to do...alas, she falls for the northern King, making her deception that much more difficult for her.
As far as the cliche of this relationship, for me, it's no less cliche than it is in the book. Robb storms the Crag, falls for the forbidden fruit in a moment of weakness, and sees it through. This is pretty much a replay, only the show is endeavoring to make the Westerling character more compelling by turning her into a proactive spy instead of a bland weepy Robb fangirl.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 07 May 2012 - 10:23 PM.
911	victim	2012-05-07	If the rumours are true and they've changed Jeyne to actually be a Lannister of Lannisport (ugh!), then I suspect that Reginald Lannister, who Tywin dismissed in Ghost of Harrenhal, is her father. He was never mentioned in the books and I'm pretty sure he's been created solely for the television show. It would annoy me, is it that inconvenient to state that the Westerlings are sworn bannermen to the Lannisters? 
It seems as though Robb falling for the enemy is a situation being purposefully compared to Jon and Ygritte's romance.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 07 May 2012 - 10:32 PM.
912	Patchface12	2012-05-07	I like the idea that Reginald Lannister is Jeyne's father. Since Tywin sent him home, maybe he gets captured by Robb's men on the way and becomes one of the Karstark murders (along with Alton). So it would be Robb who was consoling Jeyne this way around (or maybe he heard about Bran and Rickon's death and it would be a mutual kind of thing)
Plus that could really explain why Robb puts Karstark to death
913	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	I can't understand why many reviewing/commenting people can't see the subtlety at work in the scene between Robb and 'Talisa' and figure some shit out ffs.
It must be fore the very unsubtle changes HBO has done in the past that people miss the stuff that isn't obviously communicated.
There is more than just a bit of passing cleverness in the acting done in this show. 
Don't complain about how HBO spells things out for us when you are asking them to spell things out for you.
914	Patchface Is AA Reborn	2012-05-08	I can't understand why many reviewing/commenting people can't see the subtlety at work in the scene between Robb and 'Talisa' and figure some shit out ffs.It must be fore the very unsubtle changes HBO has done in the past that people miss the stuff that isn't obviously communicated.There is more than just a bit of passing cleverness in the acting done in this show.Don't complain about how HBO spells things out for us when you are asking them to spell things out for you.This
915	ShadowRaven	2012-05-08	Isn't Jeyne blonde though 0.o......?
916	Bayard	2012-05-08	Isn't Jeyne blonde though 0.o......?No, she has brown hair
917	Zod	2012-05-08	Talisa (Jeyne) was telling the truth about the letter, right?
She made it seem sarcastic but it was actually what was written - "The Young Wolf is on the move..."
918	Indigocell	2012-05-08	I think she is lying about who she says she is, and that she is probably the spy within Robb's camp.  Tywin is surprisingly well informed about it all.  My initial thought during her first scene was this must be Jeyne Westerling, so I'm prejudging her a little based on that.
919	Bambi	2012-05-08	Also, I got the vibe that the letter regarding Robb Stark on Tywin's table at Harrenhal bore some resemblance the the papers that Talisa was writing while in Robb's camp - the same papers that she was anxiously trying to hide/roll up while simultaneously flirting with Robb.  You see the writing only from a distance, or illuminated from the other side, but as best I can tell the look and shape of the paper and the handwriting looks awfully similar (as best I can tell).Also, this way they don't have to show Robb storming a lesser castle, then being nursed by Jeyne, which would be time consuming and expensive.Nice catch about the letter but i checked and the shape and size of the papers are totally different. Also when Talissa rolls the letter she has a faint and shy smile, the acting suggests she really has some "impressions" from Robb.But the letter has a meaning apart from the previous. Someone before me posted the most probable storyline, she is spying, but she will regret it when falls in love with Robb and the passionate menace begins. xDOhh, and by the way, she is truly Jeyne Westerling, with a fake name. See it in the season 2 cast: http://www.imdb.com/list/u7Kq7k8qfwA/
					
					
							Edited by Iszlai AdA!m, 08 May 2012 - 04:57 AM.
920	The Monkey	2012-05-08	Talisa (Jeyne) was telling the truth about the letter, right?She made it seem sarcastic but it was actually what was written - "The Young Wolf is on the move..."Seems idiotic to write a spy letter in the open in the midst of the northern army. Couldn't she at least have stuck inside a tent to write it?
921	Fylimar	2012-05-08	I must say, that I'm far more impressed with TV Jeyne than with her book version, who seemed very dull to me.
922	WinterWarrior	2012-05-08	I had not made the connection between the letter Tywin had that Arya stole and lost and the letter Jeyne (Talisa) was writing. Hmmm, why are they letting this woman roam around the camp? Men always underestimiate women. She is obviously a spy.
Talisa is definitely Jeyne though, but a more proactive Jeyne than in the books it would seem.
923	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-08	Oh yeah - now I recall that the letter Tywin had mentioned Robb Stark by name, while Jeyne's letter said "the young wolf".  I doubt that she would alternate aliases for Robb, so the connection to Tywin's letter is probably tenuous at best.
With regards to writing it out in the open, she probably wanted better light to write it in, and ducking into a tent to write a letter in dim light could arouse suspicion all on it's own.  She probably didn't anticipate that 2 of the 1% of people in camp who were literate would come sneaking up on her like that, Robb probably did that to check out her backside while she was kneeling over.
924	Crown	2012-05-08	I have to say Oona Chaplin is a woman to die for, literally.
925	Independent George	2012-05-08	Based on book knowledge, I just figured it was Roose Bolton who was informing to Tywin.
926	Patchface12	2012-05-08	Based on book knowledge, I just figured it was Roose Bolton who was informing to Tywin.Roose didn't go against Robb till after the Blackwater and Robb's marriage
927	Eddard Sand	2012-05-08	Based on book knowledge, I just figured it was Roose Bolton who was informing to Tywin.If I remember correctly in the book Roose was still leading the remnants of a shattered host seperate from Robb's main force. So... no.
928	Zod	2012-05-08	Seems idiotic to write a spy letter in the open in the midst of the northern army. Couldn't she at least have stuck inside a tent to write it?It seemed like that she was trying quite hard to hide the letter and take it with her in the end. Surely, it involves secretive information.
929	Eddard Sand	2012-05-08	I'm super excited to see how the show plays out the love/betrayal affair between Robb and Talisa/Jeyne. I watch with my sisters who haven't read the books and they are constantly begging me for insider knowledge that in this particular case I don't have. Awesome that the show is keeping us readers on their toes with these little mini deviations.
930	Eddard Sand	2012-05-08	So with no Edmure i'm assuming it is Robb who will be getting married in the Red Wedding? Be interesting to see if Jeyne knows about whats going to happen like Edmures wife did in the books. Brutal...
931	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-08	I liked her in the books to be honest. 
Not every woman has to be a bitch like Cersei or a schemer like Maegery. She was just an innocent sweet girl who loved Robb Stark....thats what I wanted to see on TV but the actress fails at conveying that aspect of Jeyne Westerling IMO.
Shes very pretty no doubt and I have enjoyed her scenes with Robb thus far but its just not what I expected....
932	teemo	2012-05-08	I agree with the theory that Talisa/Jeyne is the one writing letters to Tywin.  It doesn't really make any sense, but whatever.  Maybe it will eventually.  Apparently they are making Jeyne more of the villain than her parents, where in the books it appears that she was quite innocent and wanted no part of it.  I'm not exactly sure how the whole conspiracy between Tywin/Westerlings came into fruition in the books, but what will be the explanation in the show?  Tywin sent some noble girl out into the fields to pose as a nurse to flirt with Robb and gain information?  Huh?Not every woman has to be a bitch like Cersei or a schemer like Maegery. She was just an innocent sweet girl who loved Robb Stark....thats what I wanted to see on TV but the actress fails at conveying that aspect of Jeyne Westerling IMO.Actually, Jeyne is looking way more like a bitch than Cersei is in the show.  They are making Cersei look like an angel compared to the books.  She's just a poor worried mother....
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 08 May 2012 - 08:28 PM.
933	Leuf	2012-05-08	Talisa is not the one who wrote the letter Arya picks up.  This is what that letter says:
Marching ten thousand west to Lannisport _____
the tooth. Estimate to reach you by week's end. Sco___
Robb Stark moving troops south by coast __ __ will ___
turn east at Silverhill
That is not how a letter from her would be written.  This is just a distraction from her real secret.
934	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-08	But she does roll up a piece of paper behind her back with "the young wolf moves..." written on it.
Can you imagine how much nastier the RW will be with Jeyne standing there, sneering at him with no love in her eyes, realizing it was a setup the whole time?
935	Eddard Sand	2012-05-08	I'm not exactly sure how the whole conspiracy between Tywin/Westerlings came into fruition in the books, but what will be the explanation in the show?  Tywin sent some noble girl out into the fields to pose as a nurse to flirt with Robb and gain information?  Huh?She was probably a part of the lannister host probably accompanying a brother leading westerling men-at-arms. Lannisters get beat she stays behind to nurse her families men? Not too hard to believe.
936	Eddard Sand	2012-05-08	But she does roll up a piece of paper behind her back with "the young wolf moves..." written on it.Can you imagine how much nastier the RW will be with Jeyne standing there, sneering at him with no love in her eyes, realizing it was a setup the whole time?Super brutal... I hope it isn't that way though. I'd prefer it if she initially was for the plan but like all those cheesy love stories begins to fall for our beloved Young Wolf but by the time she realises it... oops Robb and Greywind have exchanged heads.
937	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	I have to say Oona Chaplin is a woman to die for, literally.Correct.It only just occurred to me that she is the grand-daughter of Charlie. That's some good genes.I'm up for some kind of upgrade to book-Jeyne. She didn't do much for me in the book. They're building to something here and I'm eager to find out what.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 08 May 2012 - 08:53 PM.
938	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-08	The producers have said from the beginning that they just hope the series lasts long enough to do the Red Wedding.
Therefore, we can conclude that they are eager to pull of the biggest trolling in the history of drama/literature.
Jeyne is going to sneer as Roose sends Jaime Lannister's regards.
I'd gladly take a sword in the gut for Oona Chaplin, though.
939	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-08	double post
					
					
							Edited by turnipspreventscurvy, 08 May 2012 - 09:01 PM.
940	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-08	I agree with the theory that Talisa/Jeyne is the one writing letters to Tywin.  It doesn't really make any sense, but whatever.  Maybe it will eventually.  Apparently they are making Jeyne more of the villain than her parents, where in the books it appears that she was quite innocent and wanted no part of it.  I'm not exactly sure how the whole conspiracy between Tywin/Westerlings came into fruition in the books, but what will be the explanation in the show?  Tywin sent some noble girl out into the fields to pose as a nurse to flirt with Robb and gain information?  Huh?Actually, Jeyne is looking way more like a bitch than Cersei is in the show.  They are making Cersei look like an angel compared to the books.  She's just a poor worried mother....Hmmm I'm surprised you said that because I feel quite different. The one thing HBO has done right is the casting of Cersei Lannister and her portrayal throughout the entire series.Cersei is exactly how I imagined her to be. A bitch whom I love/hate. I totally understand and (more importantly) BELIEVE that she loves her children and even Jaime Lannister to the point of death. She loathes Tyrion because of their mothers death and she is highborn. Hence she feels entitled and is a "Lioness of the Rock".I think Cersei along with Varys is pure perfection as far as the tv depiction goes.My main point though is that this "Jeyne" is not how I pictured her and that NOT every single female character has to be like Cersei/Maegery.  Now that I'm thinking about Jeyne Westerling kind of reminds me of Sansa in some ways...
941	Leuf	2012-05-08	But she does roll up a piece of paper behind her back with "the young wolf moves..." written on it.Umm.. I've gone through it three times, the letter is never legible.  She doesn't even put it behind her back.
942	IceGal	2012-05-09	I liked her in the books to be honest.Not every woman has to be a bitch like Cersei or a schemer like Maegery. She was just an innocent sweet girl who loved Robb Stark....thats what I wanted to see on TV but the actress fails at conveying that aspect of Jeyne Westerling IMO.Shes very pretty no doubt and I have enjoyed her scenes with Robb thus far but its just not what I expected....^This.Though the fact that she's getting such a meaty role may indicate that Jeyne has a bigger role to play in books 6 and 7.
943	Fred Stark	2012-05-09	People have to realise,while Jeyne doesnt play a role in planning the Red Wedding,there have been lots of theories about her and Robb  relationship which one of the theory were the usage of love potion(Her grandmother was maggy who is known for soccery and love potions)...so if this is true,Jeyne is not that naive as depicted in the books.Yes she loves Robb and is loyal to him and she is kind but She somehow also wants some power or ranking..but the problem is her mother yearns more more bigger prospects..so thats why Talisa seems to be another character with grey shades in the show
944	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	I like the idea that Reginald Lannister is Jeyne's father. Since Tywin sent him home, maybe he gets captured by Robb's men on the way and becomes one of the Karstark murders (along with Alton). So it would be Robb who was consoling Jeyne this way around (or maybe he heard about Bran and Rickon's death and it would be a mutual kind of thing)Plus that could really explain why Robb puts Karstark to deathIf the rumours are true and they've changed Jeyne to actually be a Lannister of Lannisport (ugh!), then I suspect that Reginald Lannister, who Tywin dismissed in Ghost of Harrenhal, is her father. He was never mentioned in the books and I'm pretty sure he's been created solely for the television show. It would annoy me, is it that inconvenient to state that the Westerlings are sworn bannermen to the Lannisters?It seems as though Robb falling for the enemy is a situation being purposefully compared to Jon and Ygritte's romance.For one, Robb can't marry a Lannister, that would be counter-productive to the RW. Talisa could be a spying for the Lannisters though, maybe the writer of the note Arya finds at Tywin's desk. But I don't see why Robb would marry a enemy spy even if he fell in love with her, he's got honorable Stark blood. She may be keeping Westerlings updated though, since Robb is on his way to attack them.
945	JW.	2012-05-09	I'm still waiting for that backstory why someone from Volantis would be present in the Westerlands, and somehow finding oneself on the battlefield giving medical aid to soldiers. It really is such a forced romantic situation, the whole thing is to obvious.
946	Lyeder	2012-05-09	But she does roll up a piece of paper behind her back with "the young wolf moves..." written on it.Can you imagine how much nastier the RW will be with Jeyne standing there, sneering at him with no love in her eyes, realizing it was a setup the whole time?She says in a snarky remark that this is what she wrote. WE don't actually see one word of what is written in the letter. I took it for wits and humour. And I surely think that she is not a spy.I had a different idea during the scene: in the book, Catelyn never sees Jeyne before Rob comes back married. Here, she has seen her and taken to her to remind his duties to her son. Maybe Jeyne (or Talisa) will only show that Rob wants to follow his heart and love and marry her. But he will respect his word and marry a Frey girl - only the Freys betray him nevertheless, because an alliance with the Lannisters is even more profitable than one with the Starks. It would make Rob's death even more tragic - and the Frey even more antipathic and opportunist. And it would free the show from the need of Edmure Tully for the Red Wedding.
947	runeghost	2012-05-09	I'm still waiting for that backstory why someone from Volantis would be present in the Westerlands, and somehow finding oneself on the battlefield giving medical aid to soldiers. It really is such a forced romantic situation, the whole thing is to obvious.My guess is that Talisa (whether or not that is her real name) is going to turn out to be the daughter of Tywin's younger brother Gerion, who was last seen in Volantis and has been missing for 10 years.
948	pamparius	2012-05-09	I don't see why people are so upset about this storyline.  Love stories are sappy.  There really isn't a way to film one esp with a few scenes (as opposed to an indepth chick flick movie) in a way that isn't going to be corny. Not showing how Robb met Jeyne or whoever she is was NOT an option.Yes... Because love stories fall exclusively into the realm of corny chick flicks /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> and thanks for your "expert" opinion on what is and not possible within the confines of ongoing series.
949	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-09	Umm.. I've gone through it three times, the letter is never legible.  She doesn't even put it behind her back.My mistake.  I do drink while watching sometimes.She facetiously states that it says "The young wolf is on the move", however she also seems to clumsily hide other things by stating them deadpan, even if they are likely true.She rolls up the letter nervously IN FRONT of her, not in back, when Rob turns his back.Still conveying the same idea, I just bungled it overnight...
950	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	TALISA = JEYNE WESTERLING
IMDB shows Oona Chaplin, our mystery girl, cast as Jeyne Westerling. So I think we can safely say she is Jeyne.
I think deep down inside D&D really want to keep close to the story but at the same time don't mind twisting about how we arrive at the main plot points. In some ways they are improving some of the slightly less refined subplots. In the books I was like "Oh god Robb! What a dumbass" when he married Jeyne. Now, however, it's a little more believable. They are breathing life or rather fleshing out events from the books that GRRM never got to.
Hooray for the show!
951	SerMixalot	2012-05-09	If you watch the preview for season 2 you will see a brief less than one second shot of Robb kissing Talissa (around the 20 minute mark). 
Talissa is Jeyne
952	House Snow	2012-05-09	TALISA = JEYNE WESTERLINGIMDB shows Oona Chaplin, our mystery girl, cast as Jeyne Westerling. So I think we can safely say she is Jeyne.I think deep down inside D&D really want to keep close to the story but at the same time don't mind twisting about how we arrive at the main plot points. In some ways they are improving some of the slightly less refined subplots. In the books I was like "Oh god Robb! What a dumbass" when he married Jeyne. Now, however, it's a little more believable. They are breathing life or rather fleshing out events from the books that GRRM never got to.Hooray for the show!IMDB is edited by fans so that doesn't mean anything.  Anyway I'm not sure why everyone is assasinating show Talisa/Jeyne character.  To this point she seems to be a pretty sweet, down to earth girl.  What has happened yet to refute that. She had one scene where she sides with peasants and another where she straight up flirts with Robb.  How is she another Cersei/Margery?  You know what would be stupid-her throwing herself at Robb the minute she met him--the way people talk about it. The fact that George copped out and sidstep the romance entirely doesn't mean the show can do the same.  It would be ridiculous.
953	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	IMDB is edited by fans so that doesn't mean anything. Darn... I was really hoping this was proof. I really want her to be Jeyne.
954	House Snow	2012-05-09	Yes... Because love stories fall exclusively into the realm of corny chick flicks /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> and thanks for your "expert" opinion on what is and not possible within the confines of ongoing series.Ok how would you have done.  You have 4-5 scenes to show Rob falling for a girl who in the book was a nurse in the middle of a war.  What did you think Robb was going to do. go up and say "I think you have pretty eyes"  followed by Jeyne fluttering her  eyes and blushing.   Please do tell.
955	Wjaykusuma	2012-05-09	It's Talisa 'Maegyr'
I believe she's actually Jeyne Westerling
956	Envie	2012-05-10	I think deep down inside D&D really want to keep close to the story but at the same time don't mind twisting about how we arrive at the main plot points. In some ways they are improving some of the slightly less refined subplots. In the books I was like "Oh god Robb! What a dumbass" when he married Jeyne. Now, however, it's a little more believable. They are breathing life or rather fleshing out events from the books that GRRM never got to.THIS.It's my belief also that George has had a nod or two throughout the series to various twists the writers have thrown in where stories were previously missing (Margaery's more cunning personality for example may be one). He may be doing this to flesh out bits he didn't get to in the books, as you've said, or maybe he's suggesting they change or play up bits to open up plots and theories that haven't yet played out in the books.I also felt like the Robb secret marriage to Jeyne Westerling was a real facepalm moment in the books that didn't seem to make a whole lot of sense with the vague 3rd party information we got on it. I felt like that plot was left hanging wide open for some reason. I am very intrigued by the fact they've had Jeyne-in-disguise give Maegyr as her surname, because in the books we know she's somehow related to "Maggy the Frog" which its said Maggy is a bastardization of "Maegi" ... and we all know well what / who the Maegi are!The prophecy Maggy the Frog gave to Cersei as a girl was always a mystery to me from the books. GRRM put a lot of focus on it for awhile, and I kept waiting for the answer to be revealed, thinking there was more to it than just Cersei's obsession with the prophecy and her own crazy undoing... but nothing more happened that I can remember. It seemed like a plot that fizzled out.And now I wonder why they are emphasizing "Maegi" again with Jeyne's fake name... curiouser and curiouser!
957	Eddard Sand	2012-05-10	The prophecy Maggy the Frog gave to Cersei as a girl was always a mystery to me from the books. GRRM put a lot of focus on it for awhile, and I kept waiting for the answer to be revealed, thinking there was more to it than just Cersei's obsession with the prophecy and her own crazy undoing... but nothing more happened that I can remember. It seemed like a plot that fizzled out.And now I wonder why they are emphasizing "Maegi" again with Jeyne's fake name... curiouser and curiouser!With her disgrace in the walk of shame i thought she was thoroughly cowed and completely nullified as a character. I too thought the whole prophecy thing had fizzled. Cersei always believed Margaery was the younger more beautiful queen to overthrow her but in reality it is Dany. So when she was humiliated and nullified by the walk I was confused. Then Varys put a bolt in Kevan...With Tywin, and Kevan Lannister dead, Tyrion exiled, and Jaimie off in the woods with Brienne, Cersei is the only remaining power in the Lannister Household and thus firmly planted as Queen Regent once again... she is also now bat shit crazy so things are not looking good for the Lannisters... Dany needs to get off her little cushions in Meeren and bind the wounds of westeros...and this has nothing to do with the thread...
					
					
							Edited by Eddard Sand, 10 May 2012 - 01:15 AM.
958	pamparius	2012-05-10	Ok how would you have done.  You have 4-5 scenes to show Rob falling for a girl who in the book was a nurse in the middle of a war.  What did you think Robb was going to do. go up and say "I think you have pretty eyes"  followed by Jeyne fluttering her  eyes and blushing.   Please do tell.It's an ongoing series they have an infinite amount of time to work into the plot. I'm sorry you lack the imagination to understand how a mature romance story could be told in this format. Have you read the books? How was it done there? We don't see Robb for a while, he's not even a POV character, then from Catelyn's POV he returns married to Jeyne Westerling, we don't even see it happen. The only way we know this even occurs is because we are given a synopsis of how they met. How would this not work for the television series? JFC learn to read between the lines. Does everything have to be so blunt they're hitting you over the head with it?And hey, Einstein, this plot point is integral to the rest of the story. They can't skip it, it's not possible. Don't worry, just close your eyes and put your earmuffs on whenever the gross and icky romance scenes are shown.
959	FloredaA	2012-05-10	I really don't like the way the character has been introduced. Yes, one may stretch what the books tell as to imagine Jeyne Westerling helping her maester nurse all the wounded brought into her castle after the battle, and not only the young wounded King on whom the safety of her family depends...
But to show her traipsing through battlefield and army camp with her first aid box (not to mention amputating with a sawblade, definitely not a woman's job at that time, and chancy at best, even if they weren't actually doing it in the mud, they had better sense than that)... In that world, a camp follower is a synonym for whore = not the kind of woman even honourable Robb would feel obliged to marry after a roll in the hay.
This put aside, nothing stops the story to unfold as in the book : Robb gets wounded, he's nursed by the girl he already met and happens to be in fact from a noble family but on the Lannister side, he's not thinking at his best, she's pretty and willing, they fall in bed, he's in love, he takes responsability for soiling her honor, he marries her.  The consequences (RW) will be shown in season 3 I guess.
In the book her loyalty seems to be clearly with Robb, it's her family (her mother mainly) that may be playing a double game. But we've seen that the show choose to put all the ambitions and shrewdness of the whole Tyrell clan on Margaery alone (she's both herself and the Queen of Thorns, IMO), so why not pin as well the doubtfull loyalty on Talisa/Jeyne? It's all for the streamlining of the plot.
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA, 10 May 2012 - 09:54 AM.
960	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-10	It just seems pointless and is yet another casualty of the forced 10 episode constraint.
Because its 10 episodes they couldn't show Robb off at another battle and how he gets injured. Then introduced the real Jeyne Westerling....
BUT OH NO. HBO must have only 10 episodes. So therefore a make believe character with a fake past has been created and introduced...
961	ClA©ment	2012-05-10	I have to say Oona Chaplin is a woman to die for, literally.She certainly beats this: http://3.bp.blogspot...1600/fuinha.jpg[Seriously, I agree.]
962	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-10	I was half-expecting for Cat to fling out her finger and say, "THOSE HIPS ARE NOT MEANT TO BEAR CHILDREN"
963	jarl the climber	2012-05-10	It's Talisa 'Maegyr'I believe she's actually Jeyne WesterlingI wonder if this is a reference to one of her Westerling ancestors being married to Maegor the cruel.
964	MoonCoffee	2012-05-10	Roose didn't go against Robb till after the Blackwater and Robb's marriageI was under the impression he turned cloak after Robb's marriage (which occurred when he was in Harrenhal and Arya was his cupbearer, hence the angry Freys and Elmar crying about his princess) but before Blackwater.
965	jarl the climber	2012-05-11	The Maegyrs are an important family in Volantis. One of them is a triarch and is listed as a tiger in the index of aDWD, do not know if this is relavent or if it means that Jeyne is related to them.
966	sarah.jenice	2012-05-11	I did a thorough topic on this that was never posted, and I hope I can remember all of my points.I absolutely think Talisa is Jeyne Westerling and that she is a spy for the Lannisters. I do not think she is the one who wrote the letter Arya reads, but I do not think she is on Robb's side. 1. I've noticed the episodes have a lot of parallels with characters, and I think there was a big parallel with Arya and Talisa. Two noble women who are trying to hide that fact and are found out because they can read/write.2. On the same theme of parallels, I think they are going to do the same thing to Jeyne that they did to Margery. The show doesn't have an endless budget and cannot cast every character so they combined Margery with her grandmother and made her the smart, scheming Tyrell. In that same way, I think Jeyne will be the one who knowingly sets Robb up. The scene where Tywin tells his bannermen that they cannot beat Robb in battle on the field and need to find another way to make him fail was very telling. We all know that is exactly what happens. Robb doesn't die in battle, he dies because he marries Jeyne. I don't think Tywin purposly sent her into Robb's camp to seduce him, but it is possible that she is spying for Tywin, comes up with the idea of seducing him and leads him to his ruin.3. Every single foriegn character we have met (Shae, Syrio) had some sort of accent. Why doesn't Talisa? And that doesn't even touch on how improbable it would be for a noble girl from Volantis to wind up in Westeros tending wounded for armies she has not loyalty to. Is she a Silent Sister?4. Correct me if I am wrong, but when Robb first meets her, doesn't she say she is not on his side? He helps her hold down a wounded Lannister solider so she could amputate his leg, which made it seem very clear that she was a nurse helping Lannister soldiers. How does Robb not think it is strange that she is traveling with his army? Is a pretty face that distracting?5. Talisa was getting her flirt on with Robb, but freaked out when Catelyn came up and really started to question her identity. She knew Catelyn wouldn't be fooled and got out of there fast. And yes, she does very sneakily roll that letter up and if you look at her face, she looks worried.6. Many others have agreed and disagreed with her writing about "the young wolf is on the move" and while you do not ever see the paper, I do think that's what she was writing. 
					
					
							Edited by sarah.jenice, 11 May 2012 - 02:53 PM.
967	jarl the climber	2012-05-11	@ Sarah Jencie1. Talsiha or Jeyne is trying to hide her true indentity but not that she is noble or well educated. Unlike Arya she is not a captive or enthralled.2. I more or less agree on your second point.3. She could have 1 Westerosi parent and one foreign parent and learned how to speak the language from an early age from a native speaker, like some spanish freinds I know.4. and 5. SIlent Sisters wear hats with stars and don't talk, they take vows of silence so no she is not, she is assisting them in their duties, the silent sisters don't take sides they lend their skills to everyone. She makes it clear to Robb that she does not think much of his war, she refuses to give her house name the first time they meet.Talisha mentions the Long Bridge, which is a place in Volantis where merchants congregate. Maegyr is an old family in Volantis. In the books Jeynes family on her Moms side is foriegn, from Essos. One of her ancestors on the Westerling side did marry Maegor the cruel. The Volantene aristocracy is made up of people who can trace their lineage back to Valyria. Don't know if there is a connection between the Maegyrs and any offspring her ancestor might have had with Maegor.6. My impression is that Robb saw exactly what she was writing, it might have said, "meet me in my tent tonight", and that is why she did not want Cat to see it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> She doesn't really seem to be hiding it from Robb, it almost like she wants him to see it.
968	SerMixalot	2012-05-11	I am rereading ACoK and as I read it, it occurs to me that it would have been very easy to stay true to the book and fit it within the 10 episode arc.
The changes are  unnecessary.
Shame they couldnt trust the viewers and the source material.
tis aint better
969	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-11	I am rereading ACoK and as I read it, it occurs to me that it would have been very easy to stay true to the book and fit it within the 10 episode arc.The changes are  unnecessary.That's an easy enough statement to make. However, when you're put behind the desk, and you're the one who has to sign the checks and submit the story drafts, things can potentially become a little bit more complicated. It was easy to imagine Rome...building it was most likely much more complicated. I choose to give D&D the benefit of the doubt more often than not. Moreover, I'm more willing to wait it out and see where they're going before I vilify them.Sarah, I like your theory on Talisa. However, I'd add to it that I don't necessarily think Talisa/Jeyne will turn out to be the ultimate villainess -- I expect that she probably starts off as a spy, but over the course of meeting Robb, falls for him every bit as much as he falls for her. It would match up with the book, at least so far as Jeyne being an unwilling accomplice to the Westerling coercion. I think Jeyne will cause the Red Wedding, but I believe that she'll do so without any malicious intent. She'll be the spy who gets more than she bargains for when she ends up caring for the dude she's supposed to be throwing under the bus.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 11 May 2012 - 06:09 PM.
970	SerMixalot	2012-05-11	hey, if we couldnt villify people the internet might  disappear! /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
971	Liathano	2012-05-11	I personally think that one of the biggest give aways of Talisa acting as a spy, is that she comes out and says "what, do you think I'm a spy" (something to that affect). One of the oldest tricks in the book, is to speak the truth out loud, so as to make it seem improbable, to throw you off scent.
972	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-13	Yeah i am of the theory that she was caught behind enemy lines and played the nurse role and as a spy
973	Lady Arwen	2012-06-08	I was half-expecting for Cat to fling out her finger and say, "THOSE HIPS ARE NOT MEANT TO BEAR CHILDREN"YES! All I wanted out of the Cat/Talisa scene was some child-bearing hip analysis.
974	J.J.Schafes	2012-06-14	Everyone is ignoring the scene where Robb is going to go to the Crag to recieve their surrender and get medical supplies and she was very apprehensive to go along.
975	Masamune	2012-07-13	That's an easy enough statement to make. However, when you're put behind the desk, and you're the one who has to sign the checks and submit the story drafts, things can potentially become a little bit more complicated. It was easy to imagine Rome...building it was most likely much more complicated. I choose to give D&D the benefit of the doubt more often than not. Moreover, I'm more willing to wait it out and see where they're going before I vilify them.Sorry, my friend, but D&D are not above reproach. Season 1 was a rousing success, you know why? Because they didn't try to weave too much of their own glorified fanfiction into the mix. They remained faithful to GRRM's work and that allowed them to embellish certain characters. But when they stray too far from the guidelines (i.e. the complete mess that was Season 2), you get the impression that D&D aren't the killer writers that people purport them to be.Robb's storyline is a very simple one and could have easily have fallen within the time budget. Robb meets hot nobleman's daughter, gets wounded in battle,  learns Bran & Rickon are dead, seeks comfort with said hottie and marries her to validate his mistake. Bingo! That's all we need. We don't need some lame romantic sub-plot with an inexplicable character change that does nothing but makes everyone dumber for having watched it.
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 13 July 2012 - 07:23 AM.
976	jazzytakara	2012-07-23	Forced and dry loved scenes aside, if Rob married her under the name Talisa Maegyr (sp), if she was revealed to be Jeyne Westerling would that not invalidate their marriage? Kind of makes the Red Wedding implausible "Don't worry, the wedding isn't legal anyway, and since she's revealed a spy, I have no interest in making it legal again. So Lord Frey, I heard you have some daughters for me to choose from?"
I know unrealistic, but when changing plots and characters around the producers of the television shown really need to make sure it doesn't mess with future plots too much.
977	Davos' fingertip	2012-08-07	i think they're building up for betrayal in Season 3. Unlike in the books, they're clearly gonna show that Talisa lied and all the westerlings were part of the plan to overthrow Robb, it makes more sense and i hope they do it.
And personally i can't wait for the tv viewers reactions, them expecting Shae/Tyrion and Robb/Talisa to be perfect couples, yet in the end the women turn out to betrayers.
					
					
							Edited by Davos' fingertip, 07 August 2012 - 06:36 AM.
978	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-23	I don't know why they made this change... their love story could of been suggested to us in 2 scenes, not played out like a rom com. Cringe worthy. That monologue of hers was so boring... i'd rather see more of arya's storyline or jons. More on that later..
I hate Talisa anyway .
979	The Anti-Targ	2012-10-23	Just want to affirm that the name change from Jeyne to Talisa was (almost) at the insistence of GRRM because the character is vastly different from Jeyne Westerling, and when you hear GRRM talk about this change you can tell he's barely holding back contempt for what they did with this story line. So Talisa isn't Jeyne Westerling in disguise, but I think she's also not what she appears to be and she'll play a part in Robb's demise...I hope. She certainly won't be at the Twins because that would be insult to injury.
980	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-24	GOT season two reminded me an awful lot of this show I watched as a kid- the Bold and the Beautiful.
It had phenomenal ratings, and because of this the producers tried to squeeze out as much money as they could by stretching the plot lines as far as possible, due to advertising.
Each scene infamously ends with drawn out stares, dramatic pauses and unfinished sentences. Following a scene cut, the characters seemingly improvise the exact same scene as before as though the confrontation never happened, just to draw out the climax.
You may also be interested to know- George RR Martin was a Soap Opera writer in Hollywood before he started Game of thrones. Anyone who has read the last two books may get some closure from this information! hah.
Talisa also has a horse face... bad casting there.  
I have no idea why they changed it, because Robb didnt even find out about his bros deaths, so he just looks like a douche now !! Same as catelyn, how will viewers sympathise with her? I hate how they have made them all unlikeable.. Robb deserves to die for being so arrogant in the show. and I hate talisa for being so dumb and selfish- she knew he was engaged. I wish the unappealing talisa would die instead of cat and robb.
PS- if she was meant to seduce him why was she such a bitch when she first met him? and then ran away? Bad writing.
BAD. WRITING.
981	Bronn Stone	2012-10-24	Talisa also has a horse face... bad casting there.  Whatever valid points you make are lost with this dumb comment.  Oona is gorgeous.  The character has plenty of problems, but unattractive is not one of them.
982	The Kraken's Sweet Maiden	2012-10-25	If I remember correctly, when we heard that Oona was joined onto the cast, she was credited as a Jeyne, but not with a last name. Now she is credited as Talisa Maegyr. I think from how suspicious she was acting that she would have to be Jeyne, and if not, I'll be upset but not all that surprised. They did such a fantastic job with season one but now they've taken away so much from the story. Don't get me wrong, I understand that it can be hard to adapt a book to a show or a film, but I feel that some of what they cut loose could have stayed in with a little bit of effort. But I do think that they would really miss out on something good if they totally changed the character.
983	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-25	Whatever valid points you make are lost with this dumb comment.  Oona is gorgeous.  The character has plenty of problems, but unattractive is not one of them.Wow that's rude.  Each to their own, that's what I think, maybe i am just exposed to more beautiful women where I live (no doubt). She certainly isn't beautiful. Everyone has different perspectives depending what they are exposed to.She would be considered very average where I live, and so what? Why are you taking offence to that? its a person you don't know, so who cares what I think of her? She wasn't cast for her looks anyway. What's the matter with you?wow, people (crazy stalker fans, whatever) are damn strange.   That fact you dismissed everything else I said cause I said she isn't attractive is so immature, I can hardly comprehend it.  Defending someone you don't know by being rude to another you are interacting with? She can't read this but I can, so it's down negative points.Go have a cry somewhere else. Lol. *rolls eyes* I hope not everyone here is that pathetic. You should of left out the first part of your comment. It's not DUMB for me to not find her hot. How is that dumb?It's different to what YOU THINK, you mean. 
					
					
							Edited by YoungQueenOfThorns, 25 October 2012 - 01:40 AM.
984	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-25	Just want to affirm that the name change from Jeyne to Talisa was (almost) at the insistence of GRRM because the character is vastly different from Jeyne Westerling, and when you hear GRRM talk about this change you can tell he's barely holding back contempt for what they did with this story line. So Talisa isn't Jeyne Westerling in disguise..I am going to try find that, it will make me feel a bit better knowing GRRM also doesn't approve of all this. Are those vids of him "showing contempt" on youtube?  Good to see that because I also was in the (small) party that never believed she was in disguise.  When there is SO MUCH ELSE TO COVER why just complicate the plot even more? We are already invested in all these other people, bringing more complexity into another character seems pointless.  She is who she says she is, it wouldn't make sense otherwise.If she was in disguise do people really think she would go as far to chop a guy's leg off and backchat to robb? That doesn't sound like a typical seduction route to me.If I had written the script I would of focused of Cat and Robb's relationship, so you can understand why cat loses her mind later. We already KNOW these characters and it would of been more powerful. It was a huge mistake trying to make it "romantic" instead of being what it was: a mother losing her family. THAT'S the point of it, the Starks losing, the family falling apart, them getting their revenge (hopefully) and all that.Besides, it's not romantic when a chick understands the implications of convincing a guy who is already engaged (for survival reasons), to marry her. That's called being selfish, not being romantic. If she was worth it she would of said "no Robb, its too dangerous", and conducted a plan.
985	bloodofthedragonqueen	2012-10-25	Whatever valid points you make are lost with this dumb comment.  Oona is gorgeous.  The character has plenty of problems, but unattractive is not one of them.ahh yes, it did what it was meant to do. Get noticed and it worked. Hahaha I love seeing people ruffle their feathers when their worshipped-celebrities get dissed. Hahaha.
986	LordStoneheart	2012-11-02	I truly believe Talisa is Jeyne and here's why:
1. The Maegyr/Maegi-Jeyne W. had ancestors in Essos... yada yada...
2. She asks Robb if she can go with him on his next... war outing at one point, he agrees. Later in the camp when Catelyn is trying to save Jamie from death at the hands of Karstark, he questions why Robb isn't there. Catelyn says "You know as well as I do that he's gone to the crag to negotiate a surrender..." THE CRAG!!! SURRENDER! In the books Robb meets Jeyne, Sybil, and Gawen at the Crag. It's like nod to Talisa's real identity.
3. The letter... I'm not going to debate what she wrote or if it has anything to do with the letter Arya stole, but think about it, every screen shot matters. This is a high-profile, high-budget show. What was the reason they specifically showed her writing a letter in the camp, and a few seconds later had her mockingly say she's a spy and Robb found her out? Maybe just an excuse for flirtation dialogue, but the letter isn't brought up again.
If Talisa doesn't turn out to be Jeyne, then the above information is awfully strange to put in the show. I'm hoping she is mostly because I'm still annoyed Rhaegar's series title drop wasn't shown in the House of the Undying, and Weasel Soup didn't make an appearance. I still love the show though...
987	King of the Road	2012-11-04	Is it not just possible that Talisa IS Jeyne, albeit with a different name and background to fit in with Oona Chaplin's look? The letter is clearly just flirtatious banter, and however clichA©d, that's all it will ever be, having Robb's wife as being a spy would be too detrimental to the story. I seriously don't see the problem with this, the Robb/Talisa storyline is a small part of a larger show. Ultimately, so long as Talisa fulfils the same role as Jeyne, then what does it matter?
988	Cregan Quagg	2012-11-04	I'd like to point out that the creators as well as Martin himself view Talisa as a completely new character, even though she partly fills Jeyne's role.
George Martin himself came up with the name "Talisa Maegyr". The Maegyrs are a known Volantene high-ranking family. One of the current triarchs in Volantis (Malaquo) is a Maegyr.
Of course, she could still be scheming with Tywin but that would feel like a retcon for many viewers. They should have dropped some hints in S2 to make that believable, imho. The letter thing is sort of weak.http://awoiaf.wester...dex.php/Malaquo
989	ACVG	2012-11-20	perhaps Talisa was added by GRRM and D&D for the readers... to keep us guessing
we know all the plot twists (up to book 5 at least)
if her name remained Jeyne Westerling we would know exactly what her role would be, but since almost everything is changed about her save for her relationship and eventual marriage with Robb, it keeps us guessing
-is she a spy or not?
-does she die in the RW or not?
Things we know Sybelle Spicer worked with Tywin, if they wanted to keep with the idea that Robbs romantic interest had a hand in his betrayal then it would make sense that Talisa is a spy too , that just my opinion anyway
I think she was just put there as a medic to keep tabs on the northern army, i mean whos gonna turn away a hot medic???
Then, jackpot, Robb is interested in her, and she gets emotionally conflicted.
There were reports that Oona Chaplin was present during the filming during the RW, therefore she could go then get "smuggled off" from orders from lannisters to protect her b/c she was their spy
im calling it!
990	SimonSez	2012-11-20	The love story would have been better to have played out an aftermath of an added fight and have Robb hurt and show Talisa administer to his wounds, have them lock eyes, end scene. Then a few scenes later, shown the two in bed at the end of an episode as a cliffhanger.
991	Gigei	2013-03-02	Robb's storyline is a very simple one and could have easily have fallen within the time budget. Robb meets hot nobleman's daughter, gets wounded in battle,  learns Bran & Rickon are dead, seeks comfort with said hottie and marries her to validate his mistake. Bingo! That's all we need. We don't need some lame romantic sub-plot with an inexplicable character change that does nothing but makes everyone dumber for having watched it.Agreed! I don't like this Talisa plot. It has nothing to do with the actress, she is okay but it is just so unnecessary.However, unlike many here I am guessing that this is just a straight-up love story. Talisa won't be betraying Robb at the Red Wedding, IMO. I predict that the Freys will simply off them all because of the insult, with no collusion from Talisa needed.
992	Draco_Dracul	2013-03-06	One theory I've seen is that in a continuation of the shows tendency to combine multiple characters in to a single character, Talisa will ultimately play both the role of Jeyne Westerling (breaking Robb's engagement to one of Frey's daughters) and  Jeyne Poole  in serving as excuse for the Bolton's to control the North, though she wouldn't be playing Arya she would instead given them power by being the dowager lady of a house presumed extinct (as at that point all the Starks would be dead/presumed dead/disqualified from inheriting).  The fact that it's such a tenuous claim is irrelevant as the real power the Bolton's have is their hostages.
993	TomBadgerlock	2013-03-07	The love story would have been better to have played out an aftermath of an added fight and have Robb hurt and show Talisa administer to his wounds, have them lock eyes, end scene. Then a few scenes later, shown the two in bed at the end of an episode as a cliffhanger.That isn't a good love story. It's possibly a realistic one and we know that is what GRRM strives for. Robb being honourable and wanting to preserve Jeyne's honour and all that. That's boring. No modern man or modern woman can empathise with the idea of needing to preserve someone's honour after you've taken their virginity.The change of the storyline here was a good one. Robb and Tulisa seem to love each other as equals, which is better and more satisfying. David and Dan were never going to write a script that included Robb saying "yeah, I couldn't help myself but to have sex with her and then I figured, well, better marry her now". I seriously doubt that Tulisa is Jeyne, and I really hope she's not, as that would be an awful detriment to the story.
994	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-03-08	Talisa is not the one who wrote the letter Arya picks up.  This is what that letter says:Marching ten thousand west to Lannisport _____the tooth. Estimate to reach you by week's end. Sco___Robb Stark moving troops south by coast __ __ will ___turn east at SilverhillThat is not how a letter from her would be written.  This is just a distraction from her real secret.Could the Sco___ be 'Scouts'?The letter seems to be from a commander in charge of one of the reformed hosts. For one, Robb can't marry a Lannister, that would be counter-productive to the RW. Talisa could be a spying for the Lannisters though, maybe the writer of the note Arya finds at Tywin's desk. But I don't see why Robb would marry a enemy spy even if he fell in love with her, he's got honorable Stark blood. She may be keeping Westerlings updated though, since Robb is on his way to attack them.As far as Robb knows Ned Stark fathered a bastard named Jon Snow during Robert's Rebellion. Why would he decide to break his agreement instead of his honor in this case?The note Arya finds seems to be from a battle commander saying when he will meet Tywin and what his scouts are saying at Robb Stark's movements.TALISA = JEYNE WESTERLINGIMDB shows Oona Chaplin, our mystery girl, cast as Jeyne Westerling. So I think we can safely say she is Jeyne.I think deep down inside D&D really want to keep close to the story but at the same time don't mind twisting about how we arrive at the main plot points. In some ways they are improving some of the slightly less refined subplots. In the books I was like "Oh god Robb! What a dumbass" when he married Jeyne. Now, however, it's a little more believable. They are breathing life or rather fleshing out events from the books that GRRM never got to.Hooray for the show!IMDB is a bad source for informations.
995	Nymeria_Snow	2013-03-22	I rewatched this episode yesterday and I'm now pretty sure she's Jeyne Westerling in disguise, forced to spy for the Lannisters. Not only because she concealed her letter but this too- Everyone is ignoring the scene where Robb is going to go to the Crag to recieve their surrender and get medical supplies and she was very apprehensive to go along.And the fact she knew all about the maester at the Crag and the supplies he would have. I think we're going to get a reveal.
996	TomBadgerlock	2013-03-26	No. She knew they would have a maester because there are maester's everywhere. She didn't conceal the letter. She actually held it out when he was talking to her, all he had to go was grab at it. Pretty bad spywork, that.
She was apprehensive to go the Crag because it was an invite from the King, who was betrothed elsewhere, and it was obvious that he had taken a liking to her.
997	Ran	2013-03-26	Talisa is Talisa. That's all there is to it, really. They just made a bit of a mess of how they presented the change and the character.
998	HenrikLannister	2013-03-26	^Pretty disappointing tbqh
999	LordStoneheart	2013-03-26	Talisa is Talisa. That's all there is to it, really. They just made a bit of a mess of how they presented the change and the character.I really do think the "clues" others have been pointing out are subtle nods to her real identity. I can accept the character change and most other changes just fine because I love the series that much, but I do think there's a great chance we'll get an identity reveal. Jeyne might have run away for some reason and took a new name. I don't buy into the "she's a spy" theories just yet, but there's definitely something about her character that isn't adding up. If we turn out to be wrong, I won't mind. But maybe that's just D&DB's plan in the first place. get people to debate this for a year.
1000	ebevan91	2013-04-04	Have you guys watched this video yet?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgAlso notice how Roose is kinda "leading" Robb over to Talisa when they first meet.I think a couple of the things the video poster put in there are irrelevant, but after watching this video...
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 04 April 2013 - 06:52 PM.
1001	LordStoneheart	2013-04-04	Have you guys watched this video yet?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgAlso notice how Roose is kinda "leading" Robb over to Talisa when they first meet.I think a couple of the things the video poster put in there are irrelevant, but after watching this video...Omg... CONVINCED!
1002	Lady Hodor	2012-05-09	These are two characters, fairly major, from the books, that have yet to arise at all in the series.
I've been waiting for them to show up, interested to see the casting, yet it seems there is no sign of them.
By all rights they should have arrived by now, weeks before Theon attacked Winterfell.
So has the tv show decided to completley cut them as characters? Or they in store for later?
At the end of the episode we see Osha, Bran, Rickon and Hodor escape Winterfell,
And in the books, Osha leaves with Rickon, and splits with Bran to stay safe.
Bran goes with Hodor, and Meera and Jojen Reed, the children of Ned's friend Howland Reed.
So if the series has in fact cut them, who can Bran travel with? Hodor is no safe companion for him.
Will he meet the Reeds later? Or will the Osha/Hodor/Bran/Rickon gang stick together instead?
1003	Kaitscralt	2012-05-09	I don't think Bran needs to meet them. In fact I am glad they aren't on the show.
1004	Silverx2	2012-05-09	I don't think Bran needs to meet them. In fact I am glad they aren't on the show.if i had a sword i would have unsheathed it and told you to "mind your tongue Ser"Meera is going to stay with Bran and become a child of the forest! It is know!
					
					
							Edited by Silverx2, 09 May 2012 - 03:29 PM.
1005	Pliskin	2012-05-09	I don't think Bran needs to meet them. In fact I am glad they aren't on the show.The last interview with D&D could be interpreted as the Reeds being in the show.They are just delayed.
1006	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-09	I can imagine them turning up next season. Osha, Hodor, Bran and Rickon travelling north and they're suddenly stopped by a couple of stealthy shadows amongst the trees. I'm sure D&D can conjure some plausible reason why they would be that far north but we'll see.
1007	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-09	Really don't understand how this comes up so much, theyre boring characters that D&D have already closed the book on by having Osha explain Brans green dreams. There's literally mention of them in almost every thread...there's no time for third tier characters, we can barely fit what we have now in 10 hours seasons.
1008	Davos55	2012-05-09	The last interview with D&D could be interpreted as the Reeds being in the show.They are just delayed.What interview is that? The one where they say certain characters got pushed to season 3 and beyond? Or a newer one?As far as not having time to include them, ASOS is being split into two 10 episode seasons, which gives them plenty of opportunities to introduce one or both of the Reeds.  I would love for them to come and I am still convinced they will show up next season.Having Osha as a companion, and not having her go with Rickon is just a bad move for many reasons, and I don't think D&D will alter the plot that much with this change.  If they really love Osha so much, they can add new scenes with her taking Rickon to Skagos, because we all know the producers love to write their own scenes and add material anyways.
1009	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	I'm guessing that Bran and crew will keep with Osha until they reach the wall. If they are cutting the Reeds Osha can turn over Bran to Coldhands? It's not very good baby sitting but maybe she knows something that we don't? hmm I have always believed Cold hands to be the long lost Benjen Stark so giving him to his uncle is fine by me.
1010	kairparavel	2012-05-09	The Reeds provide more than just explanation of Bran's green dreams. How else do we get this little bit of history without them? Roz will learn about the tournament at Harrenhal and the Knight of the Laughing Tree whilst in the throes of ho passion?I understand they are not critical to the relaying of this information, but I really enjoyed reading Meera's tale of it all. There's a lot of this tournament history and Cersei's tale with Maggy the Frog etc that helped give the reader insight. How will the viewer get it?
1011	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	The Reeds provide more than just explanation of Bran's green dreams. How else do we get this little bit of history without them? Roz will learn about the tournament at Harrenhal and the Knight of the Laughing Tree whilst in the throes of ho passion?I understand they are not critical to the relaying of this information, but I really enjoyed reading Meera's tale of it all. There's a lot of this tournament history and Cersei's tale with Maggy the Frog etc that helped give the reader insight. How will the viewer get it?By reading the books... in other words i don't think they will.
1012	dansnow	2012-05-09	Really don't understand how this comes up so much, theyre boring characters that D&D have already closed the book on by having Osha explain Brans green dreams. There's literally mention of them in almost every thread...there's no time for third tier characters, we can barely fit what we have now in 10 hours seasons.If the Reeds are third tier characters, Osha is fifth or sixth. I don't see how people think Osha is a fine replacement for the Reed's, she is a much less interesting character and somehow the tv version of her bores me more than the book version.
1013	Davos55	2012-05-09	If the Reeds are third tier characters, Osha is fifth or sixth. I don't see how people think Osha is a fine replacement for the Reed's, she is a much less interesting character and somehow the tv version of her bores me more than the book version.Finally someone who agrees with me on this! She is a very lame character, and I really don't understand the big love of her  by the producers and now apparently GRRM.  So the actress played her is from Harry Potter..wow..big deal. Is her acting really that great? I personally don't think it is.The Reeds are great and Bran can actually relate to them. They are his friends and bring some lighthearted interactions to the story and their relation to Howland Reed is sure to be very important.  They are still with Bran in the novels, and who is to say they won't be crucial to the last 2 books?Osha on the other hand is a barely developed wildling who doesn't want to go back North of the wall under any circumstances. In the show they have randomly given her more knowledge and importance, but she is still pretty barebones as a character.The Reeds deserve to be on the show for sure.
1014	redqueen	2012-05-10	I don't think of the Reeds as third tier characters.  They're important to Bran's development.  It's important that Rickon and Bran are separated and that can't happen without the Reeds.  Bran would never take his baby brother that far up north.  I hope that they meet the Reeds during their journey.  Then, without the Reeds, it would be more necessary to hang about in the crypt since it would be harder for the two boys to travel.  We don't know at this time if they double back to the crypt or not in the television version.
1015	Terminated	2012-05-10	I agree with the no-Reed crowd.
Yes they are more important than Osha, but, too bad for them, Osha comes first in the show and absorbed them.  Good thing.
1016	StarkWard	2012-05-10	Yes, Osha can absorb some of the Reeds' roles, BUT NOT FOR LONG. Really now. Has everyone forgotten the part where they separate to make it more difficult to catch both of them?! Osha will never return north of the wall. She's dead scared of it. Even if she does accompany Bran until the wall, will Bran just be left alone with Hodor? That's responsible parenting for you. Bran needs bannermen who somehow know what they're doing. Most people probably don't like the Reeds because of Jojen, but think of their significance in the whole story. Is Howland Reed going to pop out of nowhere without ceremony?
1017	Terminated	2012-05-10	With Hodor *and* Coldhands.  And Osha is a first wildling, no a 'responsible parent'.  Plus Howland Reed, well... not sure we will ever need him.  Tower of Joy was not even mentioned once in the show AFAIR.
1018	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-10	Yes, Osha can absorb some of the Reeds' roles, BUT NOT FOR LONG. Really now. Has everyone forgotten the part where they separate to make it more difficult to catch both of them?! Osha will never return north of the wall. She's dead scared of it. Even if she does accompany Bran until the wall, will Bran just be left alone with Hodor? That's responsible parenting for you. Bran needs bannermen who somehow know what they're doing. Most people probably don't like the Reeds because of Jojen, but think of their significance in the whole story. Is Howland Reed going to pop out of nowhere without ceremony?We've made it 5 books w/o a Howland sighting so far.Why on earth couldn't they find an easier way to introduce him if he ever is needed, than two more child actors who will rapidly outgrow their small roles. It's different contending with Stark children growing up in real life faster than the story...why would they want two more to contend with.I like them more than Osha...but that's not the point. You have the Reeds in the book...they explain to Bran green dreams and misc history. Osha has already explained green dreams and can further elaborate as needed. Any derelict along the road can be added in if they really feel TV viewers need ToJ and Laughing Tree information heaped into their already overflowing brains.I understand missing them because you enjoy them in the books...I did as well, but it just seems like this discussion come up constantly on multiple forums (specifically lately the D&D interview with pushed back events...which could mean anything...yet people are somehow now using that for Reed justification also) and all signs are pointing to them being absorbed into Osha.An actress we pretty much know at least needs to babysit Rickon through Skagos is a lot more of an asset to a TV shows bottom line than two more child actors of marginal use at this point.
					
					
							Edited by White Harbors Wrath, 10 May 2012 - 05:37 AM.
1019	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-10	I'm on the camp of no reeds. All Jojen does is have green dreams and then get eaten. They can give the green dreams to Bran and cut the Jojen eating. Meera does even less, she's just someone Bran wants to get his leg over but can't. Bran will get dreams summoning him North and Osha whos already started to show reverence for his dreams as they've come true won't argue. They'll all go up together where they'll meet Coldhands just the otherside of the wall. He'll tell Osha only Bran & his half wit can come and she will take Rickon to Skagos/Davos/Manderly. Done.
1020	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-10	I'm on the camp of no reeds. All Jojen does is have green dreams and then get eaten. They can give the green dreams to Bran and cut the Jojen eating. Meera does even less, she's just someone Bran wants to get his leg over but can't. Bran will get dreams summoning him North and Osha whos already started to show reverence for his dreams as they've come true won't argue. They'll all go up together where they'll meet Coldhands just the otherside of the wall. He'll tell Osha only Bran & his half wit can come and she will take Rickon to Skagos/Davos/Manderly. Done.This seems like it should be so obvious to everyone with the path they're currently on...I miss the Reeds, but I just can't see how anyone is assuming they'll be in at this point because they're "needed".
1021	Davos55	2012-05-10	I'm on the camp of no reeds. All Jojen does is have green dreams and then get eaten. They can give the green dreams to Bran and cut the Jojen eating. Meera does even less, she's just someone Bran wants to get his leg over but can't.Did you even read the books? Jojen doesn't get eaten..I don't even know what you are talking about.  Your sentence regarding Meera makes even less sense.Osha has said so many times that she will NOT go north again. She is scared shitless of being beyond the wall, and Bran talking about the three eyed crow certainly doesn't seem like a convincing enough argument to get her to change her mind.  I really don't know why so many people are anti-Reed children, and they seem to think Osha can effectively take their place in all regards. This just isn't true.As far as them being child actors, it seems that the casting for  children on the show has been pretty superb so far. I don't believe it would be any different for one or both of the Reed children.  There would be many people willing to play them, and they would probably not require a huge salary to be on the show.  If this actress playing Osha is "so great", I am sure her contract is much higher, and if she demands more screentime, I am sure they could show her taking Rickon and Shaggydog to Skagos.  The producers love to add new scenes, and this would be a chance for them to do just that once again.Once again, the Reeds are still with Bran in the novels, and his story isn't over. I am 99% sure they will be involved with his continued storyline. Also, Howland Reed has been mentioned by GRRM many times in interviews, and he says we will get to meet him.  Having a little bit more of the background in the show and having his kids really isn't too much information for the tv viewers that watch this show.  I know plenty of people who watch this and haven't read the books, and they are dying to know more background information.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 10 May 2012 - 07:47 AM.
1022	Arkash	2012-05-10	I don't think Bran needs to meet them. In fact I am glad they aren't on the show.I agree with you, I dont think they are really needed for the show, glad they are cut.
1023	7V3N	2012-05-10	They may be included. They could be the ones to unbury Bran, Osha, and Rickon from the Winterfell crypts. Jojen could say the Three-Eyed-Crow led him to them.
1024	jugdesh258	2012-05-10	They may be included. They could be the ones to unbury Bran, Osha, and Rickon from the Winterfell crypts. Jojen could say the Three-Eyed-Crow led him to them.I would not even bet that the writers will include the story of them doubling back to hide in the crypt....just off to the wallI do think the reeds are important........but this topic is two episodes late just like the reeds at this point
1025	ShadowRaven	2012-05-10	I agree with you, I dont think they are really needed for the show, glad they are cut.Easy ser, you would not like it if I unsheathed my valyrian sword.
1026	Ser Greenbark	2012-05-10	I imagine that they will hide in the crypts and when they emerge to the sacked Winterfell Jojen/Meera will appear- then events will unfold largely as they did in the book.
1027	Ser Greguh	2012-05-10	I'm about 99% sure that one or both of the Reeds will appear in Season 3, and that they were just cut from S2 to prevent unnecessary mid-season clutter to an already-packed character sheet.  I wouldn't be too surprised if they're compressed down to just Meera (particularly since Bran seems to be having some Jojen-esque characteristics, and let's face it, child actors are difficult for a production, particularly one that will need to involve a lot of location shoots). I'd imagine that after escaping Winterfell, early S3 will involve the ragtag band of misfits settling down somewhere they deem as safe, and they will meet whatever Reeds exist for the show there.
Without someone, they either have to 1) not split up Bran and Rickon, or 2) Have Hodor/Bran and Rickon split up with only Osha to guide one but not both of them, which won't happen.
1028	Kaitscralt	2012-05-10	I'm guessing they will split up Bran and Rickon, just to get one child actor out of the series. They've been damn lucky to have so many talented young boys and girls make this series spectacular, and they should quit while they're ahead. Send him away.
*this is not a jab at Rickon's actor in particular (name eludes me), just the risk that comes with child actors in general.
1029	StarkBlack21	2012-05-10	Why is this question still asked. GRMM answered a fan's question at the book signing. He said the Reeds have been delayed and they will be in the TV SERIES. This is from the horse's mouth. Just like everyone thought ramsay was cut. Also we will have EDMURE TULLY. No confirmation on the Blackfish, but I have a feeling we will get the Blackfish also.
1030	rappin'Hodor	2012-05-11	I would not even bet that the writers will include the story of them doubling back to hide in the crypt....just off to the wallI do think the reeds are important........but this topic is two episodes late just like the reeds at this pointI can't imagine the writers will skip the fake hanging of Bran and Rickon.  The Ned execution last season was considered amazing tv (killing off a main character).  "Killing off" 2 kids would be amazing and create quite an uproar, then to have them emerge from the crypts as a last scene of this season would be amazing.  This would then create even more tesion with the RW next season - was it real, or are they really dead?
1031	Ser Adam Dayne	2012-05-11	I can't imagine the books without the Reeds, and I would love to see them on the show, but they can only not include them up to a point, say, the Wall.  If they are not written into the show then basically they will be diverging in epic proportions from the book.  Do Bran and Rickon split up then?  Who goes with Bran on his journeys?  Personally, I think that those who have never read the books will obviously not know the difference, it will just seem logical to them.  One of the problems with the show (which I think is excellent) is that we cannot get inside the characters heads.  In the books, Rhaegar casts a huge shadow even though he has been dead for years.  In the tv show, how often is he even mentioned?  Same goes for Arthur Dayne and others who were fighting during the Rebellion.  No Blackfish or Edmure so far, but has the show really suffered because of their absence?
1032	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-11	I can't imagine the writers will skip the fake hanging of Bran and Rickon.  The Ned execution last season was considered amazing tv (killing off a main character).  "Killing off" 2 kids would be amazing and create quite an uproar, then to have them emerge from the crypts as a last scene of this season would be amazing.  This would then create even more tesion with the RW next season - was it real, or are they really dead?If you studied one of the trailers there's a pretty blatant answer to one of your questions. I know someone made some stills from it at one point and it was unmistakeable.
1033	madman2711	2012-05-12	They will come in season 3 
It is known
And i really like them 
we will have alot of wildlings to deal with next season so osha is not necessary
1034	Zod	2012-05-12	I hope they will introduce a new character in the series that can replace both Jojen and Meera Reed, with Osha filling in the rest of the roles.
This way, it will be more efficient and easier for most people, and far more believable as well in my opinion.
1035	madman2711	2012-05-12	Can i ask why invent something when you can get it already written
I understand that some dont like Jojen but i really enjoy the friedship of them and Bran in the books
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 12 May 2012 - 03:15 PM.
1036	House Snow	2012-05-12	^  If it makes for a better character why not do it.  It seems like most people agree they weren't great characters, even if they liked them.  So if you could make a conglomeration but one that is sort of more interesting and makes more sense in the context of the story why not do it.   The essentials can be the same but the flavor different.
1037	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-12	If I lose one second of screentime for The Red Viper or Victarion for those two swamp brats, I'm blaming some people here /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />
1038	dansnow	2012-05-12	I disagree with the not great characters point so that's just a matter of personal opinion, Meera brings one of the stronger female roles in the books and it's cool to play with the gender reversal concept, something you don't see a lot of in ASOIAF, that the Reeds could bring.
1039	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-12	it's cool to play with the gender reversal concept, something you don't see a lot of in ASOIAFHas there ever been a book series with stronger female roles than ASOIAF? Not sure where we're not seeing gender reversal...GRRM has about as many powerful females packed in as he believably can before we would be in Wonder Woman Amazon territory.
1040	madman2711	2012-05-12	If I lose one second of screentime for The Red Viper or Victarion for those two swamp brats, I'm blaming some people here /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />You can blame us but only D&D are to blame for any cuts including beheadings They cut vargo hoat and the bloody mummers so ....
1041	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-13	As i have said in other threads they are not needed and am glad they were cut as with the whole doubling back to Winterfell. They should just leave and head north. Bran can have the dreams and Osha can interpret and speak in riddles. I did not care for the Reeds
1042	Wintersun777	2012-05-13	I don't know, I think it's kinda blasphemous to say that Osha and the Reeds aren't important charcters in the series.
1043	madman2711	2012-05-13	I really care for almost all characters although it seems that GRRM has some grudge with the Starks 
I dont think that some characters can be cut just because we dont like them
1044	Fengari	2012-05-13	I see no problems with cutting the Reeds with the information we now know from the published books. In the books, they served four purposes:
1. friends for Bran, so he got to be a kid as well as 'the Lord of Winterfell'
2. Jojen for the greendreams and the (partial) explanation of Bran's wolf dreams.
3. Meera for the history exposition
4. Meera as 'provider' (hunter) during the trip north.
1: the friendship is not crucial to the plotlines, and with Bran being older in the series, it is more believable he could turn in this serious 'all work, no play' little lord, certainly with all he's been through already.
2: Bran already got the greendream that really mattered, and seeing how interested Osha is in the three-eyed crow/raven dreams, she probably knows a little something about that so she could take that part. Yes, she is afraid to go back north of the Wall, but that is because she knows what is out there, and if she thinks Bran will be able to help with that problem, that makes a pretty strong motivation to take him there anyway.
3: history exposition can be given by practically anyone, and preferably (in a TV series) not too long before it actually matters, otherwise everyone will have forgotten it. I'm expecting Howland Reed to show up eventually, and as well as giving the information we still miss in the books (or confirm our theories), in the series he can also give the information that the book readers already knew from before.
4: it is plain that Osha can provide.
So, with the information we have now, the Reeds can be cut.
The biggest problem is that we don't know what's yet to come in the next books for Meera and Jojen. We can assume D&D have an idea about that (they did have a talk with GRRM about what's to come), so it is not something we need to worry about, let them do that...
My guess is the Reeds (or maybe Meejen/Jora Reed) will show up next season, but if they don't, I'll happily assume it is because they won't ever become crucial.
As for the doubling back: I really hope they do. Bran and Rickon seeing their home destroyed would make a very powerful emotional moment.
1045	Zod	2012-05-13	Are the direwolves able to provide? Like, hunt animals, and then drag their dead carcasses back to Bran and Rickon.
1046	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-13	Could the Reeds be cut? Yes 
Should they? No way, the Reeds are really interesting characters and I'm sure they are going to have a bigger part to play. Don't you want to know how Jojen dies?!
1047	protar	2012-05-13	I think the Reeds will be compressed into one character, but they can't be cut completely. Why? The Knight of the laughing tree that's why. Considering D+D have already made the stupid mistake of cutting out the TOJ, they need to put emphasis on this in order to make R+L=J seem a bit more plausible. It'll just come completely out of the left field otherwise. And anyone who says that we don't need the Reeds for that story is wrong. Sorry but you are. No one else knows about the story. You expect Osha to have heard it? Not to mention the fact that without the KotLT Bran's story is reduced to virtually nothing in S3 up until Queenscrown.
1048	Zod	2012-05-13	I think the Reeds will be compressed into one character, but they can't be cut completely. Why? The Knight of the laughing tree that's why. Considering D+D have already made the stupid mistake of cutting out the TOJ, they need to put emphasis on this in order to make R+L=J seem a bit more plausible. It'll just come completely out of the left field otherwise. And anyone who says that we don't need the Reeds for that story is wrong. Sorry but you are. No one else knows about the story. You expect Osha to have heard it? Not to mention the fact that without the KotLT Bran's story is reduced to virtually nothing in S3 up until Queenscrown.What's the TOJ?And why does everyone believe in R + L = J?
1049	Fengari	2012-05-13	I think the Reeds will be compressed into one character, but they can't be cut completely. Why? The Knight of the laughing tree that's why. Considering D+D have already made the stupid mistake of cutting out the TOJ, they need to put emphasis on this in order to make R+L=J seem a bit more plausible. It'll just come completely out of the left field otherwise. And anyone who says that we don't need the Reeds for that story is wrong. Sorry but you are. No one else knows about the story. You expect Osha to have heard it? Not to mention the fact that without the KotLT Bran's story is reduced to virtually nothing in S3 up until Queenscrown. So you're saying they can't be cut based on a theory that has not proven to be true yet in the books. Don't get me wrong, I do believe it's true, but as it hasn't played out yet in the books, you can't use it as a fact yet.I don't think we will get the KotLT story. I don't think leaving out the ToJ was a 'stupid mistake' either. In a TV series that isn't even sure to get to the point in the story where it may or may not matter, it would not be wise to start including background stories like that already. There's too much info for some viewers as it is, no need to add to the confusion. After all, as SOS will be spread over 2 seasons, and we can assume FFC and DWD will also take at least 2, that means it will be at least 4 years before this info becomes relevant. For the general TV audience, that is too much time to remember a detail that didn't seem very relevant at the time...Don't forget that people like us, who want to dig deep into the story, are a minority. The registered members of this forum constitute 1% of the show's viewers, and that is going by the official ratings, so not including people who see the episodes later or through alternative channels. Maybe it was even GRRM who asked for it not to be included. If the scene of the ToJ and the story of the KotLT were included in a condensed rendition of the story like the series is, that would make it very clear it is very important. Which would mean we theorists would be even more sure the theory is right. I think GRRM does not want us to be absolutely sure before he is ready to make his big reveal.
1050	dansnow	2012-05-14	Has there ever been a book series with stronger female roles than ASOIAF? Not sure where we're not seeing gender reversal...GRRM has about as many powerful females packed in as he believably can before we would be in Wonder Woman Amazon territory.My point isn't about strong female characters though, because although AGOT has many they still fit the stereotypes cersei/cat are the mother archetype. Dany is specifically called "the mother of dragons" once again pushing her into the same role. Arya is on a path that's so dark she doesn't fit the hole left without Meera  imo. Sansa fills the damsel in distress who learns to defend herself within her social context role. Brienne and asha start to defy it by being warriors but Meera takes it a step further. What is so cool about Meera is that she is the caregiver, she hunts and without her the rest couldn't survive in the wild for a second. That's why she's different than the rest, there is no other female caregiver. And with osha I don't see that role being filled, which is lame because it adds an interesting element. Just my take though.
					
					
							Edited by dansnow, 14 May 2012 - 02:54 AM.
1051	Zod	2012-05-15	Has there ever been a book series with stronger female roles than ASOIAF? Not sure where we're not seeing gender reversal...GRRM has about as many powerful females packed in as he believably can before we would be in Wonder Woman Amazon territory.Sadly, yes, there are. For example, in "Percy Jackson and the Olympians", the character Annabeth is a very strong female character - one that has a stronger will then almost all the characters in the story.Also, if you think about "Harry Potter", the character Hermione had a incredibly will and possessed many qualities of unmatched bravery.
1052	7V3N	2012-05-15	Sadly, yes, there are.For example, in "Percy Jackson and the Olympians", the character Annabeth is a very strong female character - one that has a stronger will then almost all the characters in the story.Also, if you think about "Harry Potter", the character Hermione had a incredibly will and possessed many qualities of unmatched bravery.Katniss Everdeen from the Hunger Games series. She was very unstable when it came to her emotions, but she was strong.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 15 May 2012 - 12:01 PM.
1053	Frumpus	2012-05-15	No Reeds is a win-win for everyone
- It means that they don't have to waste precious air time with a Rickon/Osha/Davos storyline that will most likely lead to nothing or end in tragedy
- It means they can write Rickon out of the series if they choose to kill him off (the actor may grow up way too fast)
- It means two less actors to pay
- Any purpose the Reeds would have had has already been gone. There's no reason for them to show up now and guide Bran & co. to Coldhands and beyond the wall. And is there any real point to Bran's story now that he's effectively become a seer who can see into the past and present? I always felt that was GRRM's way of concluding Bran's story in a way that he becomes immortal and doesn't suffer the same tragedy that the rest of his family does. By getting rid of the Reeds, the producers now have an option to give him a different story, and I'm sure we'll see something that's more suitable for tv.
1054	dansnow	2012-05-15	No Reeds is a win-win for everyone- It means that they don't have to waste precious air time with a Rickon/Osha/Davos storyline that will most likely lead to nothing or end in tragedy- It means they can write Rickon out of the series if they choose to kill him off (the actor may grow up way too fast)- It means two less actors to pay- Any purpose the Reeds would have had has already been gone. There's no reason for them to show up now and guide Bran & co. to Coldhands and beyond the wall. And is there any real point to Bran's story now that he's effectively become a seer who can see into the past and present? I always felt that was GRRM's way of concluding Bran's story in a way that he becomes immortal and doesn't suffer the same tragedy that the rest of his family does. By getting rid of the Reeds, the producers now have an option to give him a different story, and I'm sure we'll see something that's more suitable for tv.Obviously the writers wouldn't include rickon just to kill him off before he does anything, same with Martin, he has a huge role to play yet. And if he's growing up to fast, sending him to Skagos and getting a new actor later makes the most sense! He will probably be the Stark in winterfell at the end of the series but it has been set up too much for it to "lead to nothing" and tragedy makes no sense for Rickons character.Also there is nothing to indicate that is Bran's fate and even if it is (which I highly doubt) there is no reason to change it, his battle with the dead outside Bloodravens cave and coldhands will make for great tv. There's no reason to change it at all. And having these powers will be huge in the final books, becoming powerful didn't somehow make him useless or pointless, that makes no sense at all.
					
					
							Edited by dansnow, 15 May 2012 - 02:42 PM.
1055	rickard	2012-05-23	Osha is hot.  She is more important for television.  But the Reeds are integral (more important to the to the entire story) from COK on.  Even in GOT, Howland Reed is explained as a fairly important dude.  Osha and Rickon dissappear and haven been seen since.
1056	Davos55	2012-05-23	Osha is hot. She is more important for television.What do you mean by this statement? That her being "hot" (debatable) makes her more important somehow for a television audience?
1057	7V3N	2012-05-24	Osha is hot.In your opinion.
1058	rustypaladin	2013-03-08	I disagree that it is was a good decision to leave the Reeds out. These are characters who help the reader delve deeper into the magical world of Westeros and the powers of the Children of the Forest. They help to define Bran's character and make sense of his wolf dreams. Let's face it, a casual viewer just assumes he is dreaming as the wolf Summer for no real reason at all? What about the three-eyed crow from Season 1, that makes no real sens until Meera and Jojen explain it more to Bran. We also find out what Bran IS.
Jojen's 'greendreams' of the sea coming to Winterfell make more sense than Bran dreaming it and Osha interpreting it...Okay, so she knows a lot about myths and magic because she's a wildling but this was not her purpose as a character.
Jojen's 'young sage' archetype is pivotal for Bran's character development! Bran also describes Meera as reminding him of Arya, which gives him a sense of comfort and security. Both characters become his close companions and understand him more than anyone else can.
THEN, Maester Luwin talks about these magical notions and we learn more about the Children of the Forest (being in sympatico with animals, the weirwoods, 'green dreams' etc.) and the history of Westeros.
GRRM spends a LOT of time on Bran's dreams and these developing him as a character, I would have expected for the series to give this justice especially by introducing these two interesting characters (who help explain the meaning and the purpose of Bran's dreams).
Not only that but they're COOL. They fight with nets and frog spears, they live in a swampy place that MOVES and understand the ancient magic of Westeros!
					
					
							Edited by rustypaladin, 08 March 2013 - 05:22 PM.
1059	rebel	2012-05-07	I've been quietly reading the discussion about this episode, but I haven't seen anybody mentioning anything about the title of the episode being "The Old Gods and the New". I thought there was going to be some explanation on religions around Westeros for non-book readers, but instead there wasn't much going on in this matter - or have I missed something? What was the reason for choosing this episode title anyways?
Thanks for any imput you guys might have.
1060	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	I was thinking the same thing. Doesn't seem to have any connection to the episode.
1061	House Balstroko	2012-05-09	Maybe its some kind of metaphor to describe Theon's situation, Follow the path of the Ironborn (Drowned God) or go back to the old ways(The Starks, the old gods). Not sure if it makes much sense.
1062	Fakko	2012-05-09	In Catelyn's pledge to Brienne doesn't she swear by "the old gods and the new"?
1063	House Balstroko	2012-05-09	In Catelyn's pledge to Brienne doesn't she swear by "the old gods and the new"?Yeah, but that was in the previous episode.
1064	Terminated	2012-05-10	IMHO: someone made a mistake and switched Ep5 and Ep6 names.  99% of the audience won't care much so they didn't try to fix it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1065	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-10	Yeah it had nothing to do with the ep.
1066	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-10	Episode titles seem just there for easy distinction between the episode. The rule seems to be to just take a quote from somewhere in the books, it really doesn't have to be related to the story in the episode at all. See for example also last seasons "Lord Snow" episode with barely anything happening at the Wall or the Nightlands this season with the only reference to those lands being in Dothraki...
It's a shame I think and actually the thing that's bothering me the most with the tv series. They also waste good titles like "The North Remembers" or "Valar Morghulis" (probably...)
But they sound cool and get some quotes from the book out, so it's really not a big deal...
1067	boojam	2012-05-10	Episode titles seem just there for easy distinction between the episode. The rule seems to be to just take a quote from somewhere in the books, it really doesn't have to be related to the story in the episode at all. See for example also last seasons "Lord Snow" episode with barely anything happening at the Wall or the Nightlands this season with the only reference to those lands being in Dothraki...It's a shame I think and actually the thing that's bothering me the most with the tv series. They also waste good titles like "The North Remembers" or "Valar Morghulis" (probably...)But they sound cool and get some quotes from the book out, so it's really not a big deal...So far it's been from a snippet of dialog within the episode , this season, I can't remember when , may have been, it's said this episode. Else-wise it's kind of out of the blue.Frankly, my personal opinion, does not seem to me they have put much thought into some of the episode titles this season, E6 being one of the weakest.It's a nit tho.
1068	Fakko	2012-05-10	Yeah, but that was in the previous episode.Ah, ok. I recently watched episodes 5 & 6 again, back to back. I melded them together in my walnut sized brain it seems.
1069	Arkash	2012-05-10	It was the worth episode title of the whole serie, so far...
1070	House Balstroko	2012-05-10	IMHO: someone made a mistake and switched Ep5 and Ep6 names.  99% of the audience won't care much so they didn't try to fix it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Ghost of Harrenhal could fit this episode, and I agree with this title working much better with the previous one.
1071	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-10	It was the worth episode title of the whole serie, so far...Who do you think you are; Vargo Hoat?
1072	The Monkey	2012-05-10	The scene with Brienne pledging her sword to Catelyn was maybe intended to be in this episode; thus the title. They might have rearranged the scenes and simply didn't bother to change episode names.
1073	turdle	2012-05-10	Maybe its some kind of metaphor to describe Theon's situation, Follow the path of the Ironborn (Drowned God) or go back to the old ways(The Starks, the old gods). Not sure if it makes much sense.i think something along these lines might be correct. i take it as a metaphor for theon taking over winterfell, theon the new god, starks the old.
1074	pntrlqst	2012-12-09	Actually, I think that since this was the episode that took portions of the story in a wildly divergent direction (Dany, Jon), the Old Gods represent GRRM and the New represent D&D. It's the producers way of saying, "Hey, guys, wanted to let you all know this show isn't George's alone... it's ours, too. The Old Gods AND the New."
					
					
							Edited by pntrlqst, 09 December 2012 - 10:14 PM.
1075	Yoren the Boysnatcher	2012-05-08	So I was watching the episode for about the fourth time (can't get enough of this one) with a buddy who, like me, is very much into the books.  In the book ,Bran and crew hide in the crypts, we couldn't really recall how they were able to distract Theon/Ironborn to get to the crypt or rather if it was even necessary.  However, in the show, we see Osha sleep with Theon to supposedly make sure he's knocked out when they make their escape. 
Now this is something my friend brought up, I didn't really think about it at first but now I'm curious as to what others think.  Why did Osha sleep with Theon?  Are we really supposed to believe it was to keep him preoccupied or make sure he was asleep when they made their escape?  The reason I say that is because Osha is still confronted by a guard who she has to kill.  She does it quietly and without raising alarm.  Why was there a need to sleep with Theon if she's capable of that?  Is there any significance of her asking Theon to essentially free her, which he does and then allowing him to live?
Or are we too busy trying to find plot holes when all it really was, was HBO trying to squeak another sex scene into the show with a notable actress?
1076	It is known.	2012-05-09	I think that if she hadn't been with Theon that night and been given her freedom, she'd have been put back with the other prisoners and so wouldn't have been able to make the esape without having to kill a lot more guards and thus making the escape less likely to succeed.  That's just the way I interpretted it though /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1077	Tadco26	2012-05-09	I think that if she hadn't been with Theon that night and been given her freedom, she'd have been put back with the other prisoners and so wouldn't have been able to make the esape without having to kill a lot more guards and thus making the escape less likely to succeed.  That's just the way I interpretted it though /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />That's my interpretation as well.  She needed freedom of the castle and being with Theon did that.  Of course if you want to nitpick, you might ask why she didn't take Theon out while he was sleeping.
1078	Pliny	2012-05-09	I think that if she hadn't been with Theon that night and been given her freedom, she'd have been put back with the other prisoners and so wouldn't have been able to make the esape without having to kill a lot more guards and thus making the escape less likely to succeed.  That's just the way I interpretted it though /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Ah, that makes sense! I really didn't give it a lot of thought at first, but if I had I would have chalked it up to HBO just wanting to show us a nude Nymphadora Tonks.
1079	Howdyphillip	2012-05-09	That's my interpretation as well.  She needed freedom of the castle and being with Theon did that.  Of course if you want to nitpick, you might ask why she didn't take Theon out while he was sleeping.That was my question for this scene as well. If you establish the character has a knife and is willing to kill with it, then why wouldn't she have killed Theon with it to make sure she wasn't discovered sneaking out?
1080	Queen Regent	2012-05-09	That was my question for this scene as well. If you establish the character has a knife and is willing to kill with it, then why wouldn't she have killed Theon with it to make sure she wasn't discovered sneaking out?If HBO would have killed Theon, which would have been a MAJOR deviation from the books, I think this forum would have exploded!
1081	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	That scene had so many fallacies that I don't know where to begin...
Understood, Osha wanted to be out of her chains and prison cell, so she made the move on Theon... But then...
1. She could have killed him in his sleep
2. She could have at least procured some kind of keys from him to open Bran's prison cell
3. One guard for Bran, Rickon, half-a-giant and 2 full-grown direwolves? Seriously?? Summer has shown his skills in ripping out throats before, why not repeat the same?
4. The crypt scene in the books was such a smart move to misled Theon, also wouldn't be too hard on the budget since they have shown crypts before.
As much as I love skin-shows, I was relieved to NOT see Theon popping out his tool again and doing "wild" stuff with Osha. Sure the nakedness of Osha pulled in the viewers who watch GoT for its nudity.
					
					
							Edited by Stargareyen, 09 May 2012 - 04:45 PM.
1082	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-09	When the scene rolled around I remember thinking "oh dear, we almost made it through an episode without a sex scene that wasn't in the books.."
But I think it worked. It seemed more plausible that Theon would flat out refuse to arm her, whereas in the book he does arm her. And  in the book when his men start dying and he doesn't put two and two together... he comes across as a bit of a dumbass.
TV Theon has been presented as a guy who thinks a bit too much with his cock so it is believable that he would want to bed her, especially given how he tried to woo her in season 1.
As for why she wouldn't kill Theon... yeah there's a bit of a plot hole. Perhaps she only resorted to killing the guard because she needed to clear the path quickly? Given how Rickon, Bran, Hodor and the two direwolves were all waiting around the corner.
1083	Fylimar	2012-05-09	Maybe she believes, that with Theon gone, the fate of the people in Winterfell would be even worse.
1084	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-09	Osha could have killed Theon but why risk someone overhearing or discovering his body before she had time to get the boys out?
Her plan was to get the Stark boys out, everything else was secondary to that!
1085	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-09	That was my question for this scene as well. If you establish the character has a knife and is willing to kill with it, then why wouldn't she have killed Theon with it to make sure she wasn't discovered sneaking out?Osha didn't have a knife. When she killed the guard, she used his own knife to do it. The kiss was essentially her way of getting close and stealing the knife without him noticing.
1086	Buttered Turnip	2012-05-09	"4. The crypt scene in the books was such a smart move to misled Theon, also wouldn't be too hard on the budget since they have shown crypts before. "
I think they'll still go to the crypts.  If i remember correctly, In the books they went to the forest then backtracked to the crypts to throw off those searching for them.
1087	SerMixalot	2012-05-09	it was for gratoutous (sp?) nudity (not that I am complianing), but you seem to be trying to justify something stupid.
1088	The Monkey	2012-05-09	The girl wanted to get her rocks off, and Theon is pretty well-equipped.
1089	Envie	2012-05-09	I think that if she hadn't been with Theon that night and been given her freedom, she'd have been put back with the other prisoners and so wouldn't have been able to make the esape without having to kill a lot more guards and thus making the escape less likely to succeed.  That's just the way I interpretted it though /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />This is how I read the scene as well. All of the Winterfell people and servants were rounded up and being kept as prisoners. Sure, she was a kitchen wench and could have likely gotten away anyways, but the point that she went out of her way to sleep with Theon means she was free to roam the castle at night when I'm pretty sure everyone else would be kept locked up or under very close supervision. This gave her the 'cover' she needed, which came in handy when a guard confronted her coming out of Theon's quarters.Adding another sex scene was probably also a consideration but in this case it makes sense for how they're taking the story of Bran and crew's escape so its a win / win for all by playing it this way. All series fans are well aware of how randy Theon is, so they are far more likely to buy this deception easily.
1090	Jennelyn	2012-05-09	"4. The crypt scene in the books was such a smart move to misled Theon, also wouldn't be too hard on the budget since they have shown crypts before. "I think they'll still go to the crypts.  If i remember correctly, In the books they went to the forest then backtracked to the crypts to throw off those searching for them.They were following footprints and pawprints in the books. The two boys had warged into their wolves and ran up the river. You don't know the boys are in the crypts until after Theon kills and mounts the other boy's heads. GRRM lets you think Theon killed them for a little while.
1091	boojam	2012-05-09	Osha didn't have a knife. When she killed the guard, she used his own knife to do it. The kiss was essentially her way of getting close and stealing the knife without him noticing.Glad someone noticed that she didn't have a knife and had to sneak one.By the by nothing is gratuitous when it advances the plot, so that was a plus this episode.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 09 May 2012 - 09:50 PM.
1092	Mad Queen	2012-05-09	The reason is quite clear. The writers wanted non-book readers to think Osha had betrayed the Starks and then be surprised she hadn't.
1093	Morrigan	2012-05-12	I think that if she hadn't been with Theon that night and been given her freedom, she'd have been put back with the other prisoners and so wouldn't have been able to make the esape without having to kill a lot more guards and thus making the escape less likely to succeed.  That's just the way I interpretted it though /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />In the book she got her freedom by kicking a guy in the nuts and stealing his spear. Why couldn't they have done the same? It would have worked just as well on screen, and it would have been truer to the spirit of the character. But, of course, that way lies no boobies and no nudity, so they changed it. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
1094	Ser Giant	2012-05-13	The girl wanted to get her rocks off, and Theon is pretty well-equipped.Not for long!
1095	Zod	2012-05-13	In the book she got her freedom by kicking a guy in the nuts and stealing his spear. Why couldn't they have done the same? It would have worked just as well on screen, and it would have been truer to the spirit of the character. But, of course, that way lies no boobies and no nudity, so they changed it. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />It didn't seem very believable. It will probably look very unrealistic for the TV Theon to do in the show.
1096	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-13	So I was watching the episode for about the fourth time (can't get enough of this one) with a buddy who, like me, is very much into the books.  In the book ,Bran and crew hide in the crypts, we couldn't really recall how they were able to distract Theon/Ironborn to get to the crypt or rather if it was even necessary.  However, in the show, we see Osha sleep with Theon to supposedly make sure he's knocked out when they make their escape.Now this is something my friend brought up, I didn't really think about it at first but now I'm curious as to what others think.  Why did Osha sleep with Theon?  Are we really supposed to believe it was to keep him preoccupied or make sure he was asleep when they made their escape?  The reason I say that is because Osha is still confronted by a guard who she has to kill.  She does it quietly and without raising alarm.  Why was there a need to sleep with Theon if she's capable of that?  Is there any significance of her asking Theon to essentially free her, which he does and then allowing him to live?Or are we too busy trying to find plot holes when all it really was, was HBO trying to squeak another sex scene into the show with a notable actress?She would have been put with the rest under heavy guard. Being theon`s woman would allow her to roam freely and the guards would not just kill her outright for being outside at night
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 13 May 2012 - 12:56 AM.
1097	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-13	That was my question for this scene as well. If you establish the character has a knife and is willing to kill with it, then why wouldn't she have killed Theon with it to make sure she wasn't discovered sneaking out?The iron born would have gone ape shit, killed and raped everyone and put the castle to the torch,. Theon is the only person at Winterfell who cares about the residents in any way. Also they would have sent everyone out looking for them in the night, but now they have to hold the castle, prisoners and look for them. They would be divided and would send out a smaller search party.But mostly because Theon was the only one keeping the Iron Born from doing what they do best
1098	Phat Walda	2012-10-06	I have to say, I found the change they made to this scene kind of offensive. They took away all of Osha's badassery and made her into yet another woman using her sexuality as a weapon/commodity. DISLIKE.
1099	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	I'm positive Aidan Gillen was cuing in the audience to his detection of Arya in this episode.
Arya took a lot of care in not being spotted and I studied Gillen's face while he was talking to Tywin before taking a glance at Arya and after he caught a glimpse.
The was quick calculation and and smug satisfaction in that face, the segue at the end was the tip of the hat.
Arya felt it too, that's why she got clumsy.
After handling the character a bit roughly I feel this is a return to form for HBO Littlefinger.
1100	sennahoj	2012-05-07	I agree. he detected her, but keeps it to himself. I guess he feels so very cunning to have the edge over such an experienced player as Tywin, who has Arya right in front of him without knowing. I wonder how Littlefinger is going to use that knowledge.
1101	Bayard	2012-05-07	Iguess we will find out in the next episodes.... but if Littlefinger would have found out Arya was there, he would make plans immediatly to steal her....
1102	Greenseer Stark	2012-05-07	I agree. he detected her, but keeps it to himself. I guess he feels so very cunning to have the edge over such an experienced player as Tywin, who has Arya right in front of him without knowing. I wonder how Littlefinger is going to use that knowledge.I'm looking forward to seeing how LF is going to use this info. He definitely knows that Arya is Tywin's cupbearer. The glances and smiles were excellent. Definitely a return to form for the sly LF we have been missing for a few episodes.
1103	David Selig	2012-05-07	I am not sure at all that LF recognised Arya. They have made LF such an idiot this season that it is to be expected that he didn't.
1104	ipsuel	2012-05-07	My take is that he definitely knew who she was... Rewinding it, you can clearly see him take a 2nd look, then the OH shape of his mouth... a moment of recognition, I thought... add to that the strong way he says "concerning her daughters..." and I thought for sure he knew Arya.
1105	Oberyn King	2012-05-07	Being the clever guy he is, he would recognize Arya anywhere.
1106	WinterWarrior	2012-05-07	Yeah, he recognized her. I am not sure where the story line is going to go with that though...LF seems to be everywhere. But Arya's story has to follow the book story to a certain extent so I can't see him making off with her or anything like that. We will have to see where it goes.
1107	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-07	Completely agree.  This was easily the most satisfied I've been with Gillen's LF performance this season.  There was a moment, I'll have to go back and watch the episode to point it out specifically, where he gets this subtle look of satisfaction on his face - like the cat that got the canary.  Which, in fact, is a good analogy given the situation.
1108	The Monkey	2012-05-07	Yeah, he probably knows. Wonder how they will turn that... My guess is that he plans to take Arya, but the Weasel Soup / Bolton takeover happens, so she's out of his reach. Then she escapes, and he will be as clueless as to his whereabouts as anyone else.
1109	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-07	I feel that he detected her too. But I hope he doesn't take her, if that happens it would be a major change, a bad one. If she scapes (and meets the BWB) before LF makes his move it'll be niceto watch.
1110	Ser Giant	2012-05-07	bye bye Little Finger, you shall be the 3rd life owed!
It's pretty obvious he noticed who she is by saying that thing about Cat's girls. I really don't think it needs to be speculated much.
btw, does LF have a magic portal device, quick travel, or some magical unicorn he rides all around Westeros?
1111	TheEvilKing	2012-05-07	I too think he knows. I think he kept it a secret for two reasons: because Tywin was a bit of a condescending dick to him, and because POWAR IS KNOWLEDGE~!!
I wonder if he'll still be at Harrenhal in the next episode.
1112	scurvy	2012-05-07	He sure moves fast from the Stormlands to Harrenhal in under one episode and nobody rides horses in this seven kingdoms.  He must run fast.
1113	Gogossos	2012-05-07	I am not so sure. Having LF created a tense situation, but that's the only payoff IMO. I'm way more intrigued by the fact that Tywin does not suspect that something is up with his cupbearer. The whole sequence with LF I had my eyes more on Tywin, his direction to make her pour more wine clearly causing her great discomfort. His questioning of this curious educated northerner. He might not connect the dots to Arya directly, but he knows she is lying a lot. And leaving a parchment full of secrets? Hmmm, something is up.
1114	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-07	he can always tell when its an offspring of his beloved catelyn
1115	Lady Octarina	2012-05-07	I agree, he knows it's Arya; unlike Tywin, he has seen her before and he knows she's missing, so it's not really that hard to figure out. I'm still not convinced we got our cunning LF back, we'll have to wait for how he uses this knowledge for that. He can't kidnap her, because her storyline is too cool to change, unless she escapes him and goes back to doing what she did in the book. My guess would be he shows her he knows and pretends he'll help her, maybe to use that in the future, but I'm not really sure if that would be a good solution.btw, does LF have a magic portal device, quick travel, or some magical unicorn he rides all around Westeros?He travels by map, obviously.
1116	boojam	2012-05-07	I agree. he detected her, but keeps it to himself. I guess he feels so very cunning to have the edge over such an experienced player as Tywin, who has Arya right in front of him without knowing. I wonder how Littlefinger is going to use that knowledge.I guess Arya has Tywin fooled, or he feels she can't escape Harrenhal. Tywin is going to have leave soon, his army there is needed at KL for the dust up with Stannis.Having Arya in LFs deck of secrets has to be an advantage for him, he may return to KL thinking Arya is stuck in Harrenhal and he knows where to find her. Curry favor with the Lannisters because knowing have Sansa and Arya might be a way to get Jamie back.I am guessing that all this is going to backfire on him, because Arya is going to escape in E10.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 May 2012 - 03:50 PM.
1117	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-07	I think the way this pans out is that Tywin is now 100 percent sure of who she is- post Baelish. However, its too risky or whatever to send her to KL with LF, so that when he leaves he declares she be held there, where her 3rd death comes into play and she needs to use it to kill her captors. It might not be exactly like that, but its how I see most the pieces fitting.
1118	sarah.jenice	2012-05-07	I think the way this pans out is that Tywin is now 100 percent sure of who she is- post Baelish. However, its too risky or whatever to send her to KL with LF, so that when he leaves he declares she be held there, where her 3rd death comes into play and she needs to use it to kill her captors. It might not be exactly like that, but its how I see most the pieces fitting.I am not sure about Littlefinger recognizing her, but you guys have made such great arguments that you're swaying me to think so. But I absolutely do not think Tywin recognizes her. Arya would be too big of a prize to leave in Harrenhal so I am certain Tywin would immediately send her to King's Landing with a bunch of guards. Also, I don't think Cersei has told him that Arya escaped. Didn't Tyrion taunt her with being the disappointing child? The only way I could see a scenario unfolding with Tywin finding out who she really is would be him maybe locking her up to take her to King's Landing and her using her last Jaquen death wish to escape herself as opposed to freeing Northmen. I thought it was a very intriguing scene and look forward to seeing more Arya/Tywin scenes.
1119	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-07	The only way I could see a scenario unfolding with Tywin finding out who she really is would be him maybe locking her up to take her to King's Landing and her using her last Jaquen death wish to escape herself as opposed to freeing Northmen.Pretty much what I meant. Whether its to take her himself or not. The fact that he's expressed to her his love for Jaime might make that fairly plausible.
1120	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-07	has he even met Arya before. I cannot remember him meeting her in season 1 or in the book.
1121	Blangadanger	2012-05-07	It's getting more and more difficult to figure out if Tywin is asking his questions of Arya because he knows something or simply to amuse the tv viewers by the tension in the scene. I can't figure out if he's trying to trip her up by the questions, or whether he already knows the answer and just gets amusement from her lies.
In terms of LF, I think his acknowledgement (assuming it happened) that Arya is in Harrenhal puts him in quite a bind. First, he's trying to work out a trade (an already uneven one made worse by having only one of the daughters) to free Jaime in order to gain favor with just about everyone. Second, simply telling Tywin that Arya has been spying on him all this time could prove dangerous for both Arya and himself. Thirdly he cherishes knowledge, particularly secret knowledge, above all else. Because nearly everyone in KL thinks Arya must be dead by now, LF suddenly has immense power in this situation. Perhaps they let tv-LF be the one who works out the marriage arrangements with Roose and/or Ramsay (who he can meet later in the show), since he can be the one to tell Roose exactly where she was seen last. In any case, I'm guessing LF will play his next step very carefully.
What's more urgent, in my opinion, is how Tywin reacts to the dead man lying on his floor. When he yells out "Guard!" I didn't get the impression that he was particularly calm with his current prospects. I assume he would immediately suspect his cupbearer since Lorch is holding the letter in his hands. Plus it's obviously an assassination rather than an accident, so he may feel his life is threatened (something I don't think he feels at all in the books). How he responds is very much up in the air for me, since it's still not clear what he knows about Arya.
1122	Xtopher	2012-05-07	LF is using Quick-Travel, havent you ever played Fallout of The Elder Scrolls?
...and now that Arya knows LF knows its her, why wouldnt she name him to Jaqen for the final death?
SheÂ´s not stupid, now they are forcing her to make that call, its gonna be awful, how are the producers gonna NOT-kill LF now?
					
					
							Edited by Xtopher, 07 May 2012 - 03:34 PM.
1123	bikie	2012-05-07	I didn't for a moment think he didn't recognize her... thought the scene, in a heavy handed way, screamed that he recognized her and we are to assume he immediately recognized a more advantageous reason for keeping it from tywin...
1124	Trinket2	2012-05-07	LF definitely knows. I thought it was pretty obvious that he recognized her, actually.
I'm still uncertain about whether Tywin suspects who she is, though. I'm thinking he does, and that he will somehow be involved in negotiating Jaime's release.
I'm still hoping the whole note thing was a trick, I don't want to think that Tywin leaves important battle plans on notes on a table which is cleared by the cupbearer with the mysterious past, who was picked from the prisoners and who he knows can read.
1125	The Monkey	2012-05-07	LF definitely knows. I thought it was pretty obvious that he recognized her, actually.I'm still uncertain about whether Tywin suspects who she is, though. I'm thinking he does, and that he will somehow be involved in negotiating Jaime's release.I'm still hoping the whole note thing was a trick, I don't want to think that Tywin leaves important battle plans on notes on a table which is cleared by the cupbearer with the mysterious past, who was picked from the prisoners and who he knows can read.The "battle plans" were concerning Robb's army movements, not his own. It's thus of little importance if that information should leak. I suppose Arya or someone else could inform Robb that Tywin knows of his movements, but I hardly think Robb expects the movement of his entire army to be kept a secret.I do hope that that they touch upon the fact that Tywin must suspect Arya of taking the note, as she was the last one in the room.Again, I'm intrigued by how they will develop this new sub-plot that LF knows of Arya's whereabouts. They must have something planned, as this is probably the reason they had LF to go to Harrenhall in the first place.
1126	jarl the climber	2012-05-07	I think people are making to big of a deal out of the speed at which Littlefinger is moving, Cat made tracks to Robbs army pretty quickly as well and that is even further than Harrenhal, it probaly took him a month to get their. \
I have to watch the scene again, it wasn't clear to me that he could tell it was her. They met at the tourney in the first season. She insolently asked why they call him Littlefinger.
In Ep.1 S.2 Caersei threatened to kill him if he did not find her I beleive.
1127	Envie	2012-05-07	btw, does LF have a magic portal device, quick travel, or some magical unicorn he rides all around Westeros?I was thinking this same exact thing!!!It took weeks for most 'normal' Westerosi to get from one part of the map to the other, but apparently Littlefinger either has mockingbird wings (hey maybe he knows Catniss!) or a magic carpet as fast as he's moving around the damn kingdom...sheez!As for did he recognize Ayra... possibly. I think they are going to leave that open ended as a nod to television fans, but won't have it acted out in later episodes as it would alter the storyline far too much since A) Littlefinger was never there to speak to Tywin in the books that way, and  B )  Arya can't be "discovered" before she gets away from Harrenhal anyways or forever change the direction her story goes unless she gets discovered and then escapes anyways I suppose.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 07 May 2012 - 07:02 PM.
1128	Lord Martin	2012-05-07	A long time went by between episodes 5 and 6.  Ser Rodrick traveled from Winterfell to Torhenn's Square and back.  Cat made it from Storm's End to the Golden Tooth.  So it would be easy for Baelish to  make the trip.
1129	dragon_fire	2012-05-07	I don't think LF has recognized Arya YET...I think she seems familiar to him, but he can't quite put his finger on it...(sorry,couldn't resist :-P)
Also he was too concentrated on his convo with Tywin who was giving him a hard time. I think LF will realise who the cupbearer was AFTER leaving the Harrenhal...(if nothing more, for the dramatic effect this TV series seem to enjoy so much )...thus leaving Arya out of his reach.
1130	Liathano	2012-05-08	My assumption has been that it's all just trickery on the part of HBO to keep you on the edge of your seat.  It just doesn't work if he knows who she is.
1131	boojam	2012-05-08	has he even met Arya before. I cannot remember him meeting her in season 1 or in the book.Yes explicitly at the first day of the tourney, so far back I can't remember in the book.She did look a little different in KL than now ... clothes , hair and she has aged a little.
1132	boojam	2012-05-08	My assumption has been that it's all just trickery on the part of HBO to keep you on the edge of your seat.  It just doesn't work if he knows who she is.We should really have an note around here that when people say HBO they really mean David Benioff and D. B. Weiss.
1133	legba11	2012-05-08	He knows who she is, it is very obvious and if it's not true then the direction of the scene is very dishonest.  His reactions and comment make no sense if he doesn't see her.  I watched the episode with two non-book people last night, so I asked them, people who have no bias on this.  
1: "Of course he saw her, you are a moron if you don't see that." (She was thinking I meant me)
2. "Its slightly more obvious than that the Mountain's horse is dead."  (Interesting, he must have accessed the information of when they met on screen)
1134	Spidey	2012-05-08	Whether or not he recognized her is pretty much irrelevant. For now, he's traveling to Highgarden in order to conduct negotiations on Tywin's behalf. At the time he gets back from that, Arya will already have fled Harrenhal, disappearing once again.
1135	Tadco26	2012-05-08	I wouldn't assume anything based on what happens in the books after the death of Irri and the stealing of the dragon eggs.  Who knows what other "improvements" the writers will have to surprise us with.  It's not like Arya's story has been particularly close to the books in Harrenhal to this point anyway.  It certainly seemed like Littlefinger recognized her, and if not he sure was curious about the cupbearer, and his facial expressions made little sense.
1136	legba11	2012-05-08	Likely nothing will come of it right away.  He will attempt to get a hold of her at some point, but either she will evade capture or the whole Weasel Soup Revolution will stymie any possible plays he has at her.
He does know she is alive though and that will continue to have some importance.
1137	Morvran	2012-05-08	All I know is that I have no idea what Tywin and Littlefinger talked about because I spent the whole time studying Littlefingers eyes and expressions and Arya's apprehension.  I honestly couldn't tell you one thing that was actually talked about.  HBO has done that a few times, particularly during a few sex scenes.  This isn't exactly a show where they can afford to have their audience miss details so easily.
And yes, I agree that he clued in to Arya's identity.  At the least she raised some of his hairs.
1138	Morrigan	2012-05-08	I think people are making to big of a deal out of the speed at which Littlefinger is moving, Cat made tracks to Robbs army pretty quickly as well and that is even further than Harrenhal, it probaly took him a month to get their. \FWIW I didn't like Catelyn's teleporting either...In Ep.1 S.2 Caersei threatened to kill him if he did not find her I beleive.Really? I don't recall that.All I know is that I have no idea what Tywin and Littlefinger talked about because I spent the whole time studying Littlefingers eyes and expressions and Arya's apprehension.  I honestly couldn't tell you one thing that was actually talked about.  HBO has done that a few times, particularly during a few sex scenes.  This isn't exactly a show where they can afford to have their audience miss details so easily.Agreed. They often have scenes that are too distracting like that.As for LF... if he recognized her it will throw Arya's storyline into complete disarray. I was hoping that his face was just "wait, have I seen her before? she looks familiar...", but maybe on a re-watch I'd notice his eyes lighting up in recognition, I dunno... Whatever happens with that, though, I just hope against hope that we'll still get the weasel soup scene, otherwise I'll be mad.
1139	Spidey	2012-05-08	I wouldn't assume anything based on what happens in the books after the death of Irri and the stealing of the dragon eggs. All of these divergences will ultimately be resolved in a way that leaves the overall direction of the story intact. It would be foolish not to do so. GRRM called it the Butterfly Effect on one of his interviews. Meaning, a small change early on could lead to huge repercussions later.So in order to prevent that, the eventual outcome needs to remain unchanged.This is exactly what they did with the Jon/Craster-issue. It was a change that created additional tension and drama for a short time but ultimately was resolved quickly without lasting consequences.
1140	aimlessgun	2012-05-08	EDIT: Checked and I was wrong. They do meet in the first tourney scene, where Arya impertinently asks him why he's called Littlefinger. LF has eyes mostly for Sansa in the scene, but he does definitely get a good long look at Arya as well.
Littlefinger has never been in a scene with Arya the entire series, until now. So I think it's entirely possible that he does not recognize her.
Non-Starks that we see seeing Arya in KL: Trant, Syrio, 2 random gate guards, a dead fat boy. And wow, I think that's it.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 08 May 2012 - 07:11 PM.
1141	kephv	2012-05-08	I don't think he recognized her. I think he thought that something was up when she kept turning away from him, which is why he tried to get a better look at her, but his attention quickly went back to his conversation with Lord Tywin.
1142	Buckwheat	2012-05-09	I think he recognised her or at least suspects strongly about who she is. My prediction is that she will realise they know who she is (either LF or Tywin or both), like maybe she will hear LF telling Tywin about his suspicions, and this will lead to her decision to run away quickly before they close her and send her back to KL. Otherwise, they will have troubles explaining her escape - it is not like she has it worse in Harrenhal than on the road.
BTW, where is Hot Pie?
1143	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-09	He certainly recognised her, I don't know how anyone could have any doubt of that. I think it will lead to him asking Tywin for Harrenhall as a reward (including its current staff/peasants) as a way of getting his hands on her without irking suspicion. Asking Tywin for his cupbearer might raise his eyebrows. Arya will have escaped by then and the series can explain why LF discards Harrenhall aften receiving it without explaining it was to give him the status for marriage (as this is too complicated for TV audiences).
1144	Mr Fixit	2012-05-09	He certainly recognised her, I don't know how anyone could have any doubt of that. I think it will lead to him asking Tywin for Harrenhall as a reward (including its current staff/peasants) as a way of getting his hands on her without irking suspicion. Asking Tywin for his cupbearer might raise his eyebrows.Now that's an interesting idea!
1145	Sun	2012-05-09	Yes. From the way Aidan Gillen played it, I'm fairly sure that Littlefinger recognized Arya as Tywin's cupbearer.
1146	jblair	2012-05-09	But is LF absolutely certain that Tywin *doesn't* know she is Arya? That is crucial information, considering the value of the captive in question. LF could hardly piss off Tywin more than to kidnap one of the most valuable hostages in Westeros...provided Tywin is aware of her identity. And LF can't ask Tywin directly or make a snarky comment about it either. A rather tricky bit of info, really. LF is just going to have to wait and see how this unfolds, and my guess is by the time he is certain Arya is already buh-bye.
					
					
							Edited by jblair, 09 May 2012 - 11:51 AM.
1147	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	But is LF absolutely certain that Tywin *doesn't* know she is Arya? That is crucial information, considering the value of the captive in question. LF could hardly piss off Tywin more than to kidnap one of the most valuable hostages in Westeros...provided Tywin is aware of her identity. And LF can't ask Tywin directly or make a snarky comment about it either. A rather tricky bit of info, really. LF is just going to have to wait and see how this unfolds, and my guess is by the time he is certain Arya is already buh-bye.It just pisses me off to see the king's treasurer run all over the Westeros with his schemes. We will probably see him meeting Robb in the next episode for all that we know...The charm in Arya's storyline lies in the fact that no one (living) in the entire Westeros has a clue of where she is. When she comes down from Essos, all would have assumed her dead. It makes no sense in LF knowing her whereabouts.
1148	Queen Regent	2012-05-09	I am not sure at all that LF recognised Arya. They have made LF such an idiot this season that it is to be expected that he didn't.I wasn't sure that he recognized her AS ARYA.  My thinking was that he did indeed recognize her, but maybe couldn't place a finger on where from.  I might rewatch the episode tonight, just to see that part again.
1149	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	The episode actually portrayed Tywin as quite off his mark. He doesn't spot Arya's nervous actions, neither her attempts to hide her face by filling his cup by turning around. In spite of being a disciplinarian, he shrugs off Arya's error in pouring wine. Also, in the previous scene, he sees her reading the parchments, yet isn't alarmed by the loss of that note.
Anyways, if Tywin was so unfocussed, may be Littlefinger wasn't too bright either. Maybe the wine had muddled their senses.
1150	House Snow	2012-05-09	^  We really don't know what Tywin knows.  He obvious suspects something or he wouldn keep correcting her lies and implying that she isn't lowborn.  Here is an idea-lets see how it plays out before making unfounded statements.
1151	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-10	Forget unfounded statements there's no way Tywin can know, or will find out otherwise he'd take her with him to K.L. He catagorically doesn't know and will never know. At most he'd think she could be a higher born North girl, no way will he think she's Arya Stark. Maybe when he goes to KL and finds Arya's not there he could think wistfully at the camera for a bit but that would be the most of it.
1152	Don't_call_me_Ser	2012-05-10	If it was all real and the main players of the game lived in close proximity and interacted "off camera", which after all is what we're supposed to allow for then LF would certainly know Arya to look at.
She's the daughter of the Hand and they've spoken at a joust.... There's no pretence that the only time anyone interacts is "on camera", alot of stuff happens off. The only saving grace for Arya in this situation would be that LF would never have expected to see Arya there and doesn't he currently think she's at KL?
1153	Terminated	2012-05-10	I rewatched.  I used to be confident he recognized her but not anymore.
I have the same feeling when meeting people in places I'm not used to see them, especially if dressed differently.
Recently I met my office's cleaning lady, dressed casually at the store - 100% sure I knew her, but absolutely no way to remember who she was.
But the next day: /facepalm.
Well that's the impression I got at the rewatch.  He knows he knows her, but can't remember who yet.  He might in the future however.
1154	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-10	I rewatched.  I used to be confident he recognized her but not anymore.I have the same feeling when meeting people in places I'm not used to see them, especially if dressed differently.Recently I met my office's cleaning lady, dressed casually at the store - 100% sure I knew her, but absolutely no way to remember who she was.But the next day: /facepalm.Well that's the impression I got at the rewatch.  He knows he knows her, but can't remember who yet.  He might in the future however.I don't think these situations happen in a TV show, if he's gone to take a closer look then he's recognised her, there's no such thing as "I can't quite put my finger on where she's from" in a show like this
1155	Tadco26	2012-05-10	All of these divergences will ultimately be resolved in a way that leaves the overall direction of the story intact. [/sup][/size]It would be foolish not to do so.GRRM called it the Butterfly Effect on one of his interviews. Meaning, a small change early on could lead to huge repercussions later.So in order to prevent that, the eventual outcome needs to remain unchanged.This is exactly what they did with the Jon/Craster-issue. It was a change that created additional tension and drama for a short time but ultimately was resolved quickly without lasting consequences.Arya's story has barely resembled her book time in Harrenhal so I wouldn't assume anything based on the books.Book summary of Arya at Harrenhal:Arrives, asks to serve in stables, gets slapped and sent to do manual labor under Weese.Jaqen offers her 3 deaths.names Chiswyck, after she overheard him boast at how he participated in a gang rape, who dies three days later.Names Weese after he strikes her.She realises she should have said Tywin's name or Amory LorchLast she names Jaqen himself.In order to make her unsay his name, Jaqen helps her free the Northmen in the dungeon and stage an uprising.Jaqen changes his face and gives Arya an iron coin so she could find him again and leaves.Roose Bolton takes over Harrenhal and Arya, is made of one of Roose's cup-bearers, for her role in the freeing of the prisoners.  She tells Roose her name is Nan.Arya wishes to leave with Roose in an effort to get back to Winterfell and her family, and she speaks out of turn to ask him what will happen to her. He threatens her for speaking out, and tells her she is not coming with him.Harrenhal is going to be left to Vargo Hoat, so Arya escapes with Gendry and Hot Pie, killing a House Bolton gate guard.TV version:Arya is made cup bearer to Tywin and generally treated better than he treats his own children.Tywin catches her in several lies which she attempts to cover up with further lies, which seems to amuse Tywin.Jaqen offers her 3 deaths.Arya chooses the Tickler for death #1, who dies shortly later by being thrown from a wall.Amory Lorch sends a letter to the wrong lord making it clear he is illiterate, and Arya shows Tywin that she is not by fetching a book he asks for.  She lies and says her father was a stone mason who taught himself how to read.Arya is forced to serve wine to Littlefinger and Tywin and Littlefinger appears to recognize her despite her efforts to hide her face and stay out of his line of sight.Tywin opens up about his past to his cupbearer sharing about Jamie's dyslexia.Arya steals a note with information about the Lannister's war against Robb.Amory catches her with the note and tries to bring her to Tywin, but she runs around a corner and hides and loses him.Arya gets Jaqen to kill Ser Amory to prevent him from telling Tywin what she has done, which he does with a dart at Tywin's door.Really the only things that are the same are Arya is at Harrenhal and Jaqen has offered her 3 deaths.  None of the deaths have been the same and none of her experiences at Harrenhal have mirrored the books at all so to expect that it suddenly will certainly isn't a given.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 10 May 2012 - 10:42 AM.
1156	Ser Greguh	2012-05-10	While the show has been different from the books, it's been mostly in details that aren't really that meaningful; Arya still wastes her first death on a vile soldier as a "test", and uses her second out of an immediate need (in the book she felt she had to get out from under Weese's watchful eye before she could do anything useful; the show crystalized that need a bit more urgently, and killed off a minor character only a bit before his death in the books at the hand of a character that has so far been cut).
I'm fairly confident they'll keep the third "death" largely the same, except that it will be Bolton that gets captured (economy of characters), and Bolton's takeover of the castle won't be aided by a Lannister turncloak (since we have no Vargo Hoat, Amory Lorch is dead, and it's a little late in the season to introduce a new major Lannister henchman out of the blue).  That makes Arya's effort a meaningful thing, not the empty gesture that it was in the books, where the entire capture was a ruse and Arya just gummed up the plan a little (which I actually think will be an improvement).  Tywin will have just left for KL with Littlefinger (I'm guessing they'll skip over the whole Battle of the Fords drama, since without an Edmure there's no real point to that), but that gives them the endpoint of showing up in KL at the last moments of the battle and saving the day with Tyrell troops from the alliance that LF forged, which is still right there with the books.
That also still puts Arya in a position to be Bolton's cupbearer, but have her realize that Bolton is every bit as bad as Tywin was (if not worse) and decide to escape (hopefully still with Gendry and Hot Pie) rather than risk revealing herself.   Which will be intercut nicely with Ramsay's sacking of Winterfell and the revelation that the Boltons are up to no good, allowing the viewer to realize that Arya did the right thing.
D&D aren't changing things just to change them.  There's been a lot of necessary compression but from my POV it seems to have been dons specifically so that they can still get to the end point of the books.
As far as LF's glance, I don't think he recognized Arya, other than perhaps getting a slight tinge of recognition but not being able to place it.  It's possible they're setting up a Eureka moment for him later, but it will be after it's too late for anything to come of it and thus won't actually effect anything.
1157	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-10	Arya's story has barely resembled her book time in Harrenhal so I wouldn't assume anything based on the books.Book summary of Arya at Harrenhal:Arrives, asks to serve in stables, gets slapped and sent to do manual labor under Weese.Jaqen offers her 3 deaths.names Chiswyck, after she overheard him boast at how he participated in a gang rape, who dies three days later.Names Weese after he strikes her.She realises she should have said Tywin's name or Amory LorchLast she names Jaqen himself.In order to make her unsay his name, Jaqen helps her free the Northmen in the dungeon and stage an uprising.Jaqen changes his face and gives Arya an iron coin so she could find him again and leaves.Roose Bolton takes over Harrenhal and Arya, is made of one of Roose's cup-bearers, for her role in the freeing of the prisoners.  She tells Roose her name is Nan.Arya wishes to leave with Roose in an effort to get back to Winterfell and her family, and she speaks out of turn to ask him what will happen to her. He threatens her for speaking out, and tells her she is not coming with him.Harrenhal is going to be left to Vargo Hoat, so Arya escapes with Gendry and Hot Pie, killing a House Bolton gate guard.TV version:Arya is made cup bearer to Tywin and generally treated better than he treats his own children.Tywin catches her in several lies which she attempts to cover up with further lies, which seems to amuse Tywin.Jaqen offers her 3 deaths.Arya chooses the Tickler for death #1, who dies shortly later by being thrown from a wall.Amory Lorch sends a letter to the wrong lord making it clear he is illiterate, and Arya shows Tywin that she is not by fetching a book he asks for.  She lies and says her father was a stone mason who taught himself how to read.Arya is forced to serve wine to Littlefinger and Tywin and Littlefinger appears to recognize her despite her efforts to hide her face and stay out of his line of sight.Tywin opens up about his past to his cupbearer sharing about Jamie's dyslexia.Arya steals a note with information about the Lannister's war against Robb.Amory catches her with the note and tries to bring her to Tywin, but she runs around a corner and hides and loses him.Arya gets Jaqen to kill Ser Amory to prevent him from telling Tywin what she has done, which he does with a dart at Tywin's door.Really the only things that are the same are Arya is at Harrenhal and Jaqen has offered her 3 deaths.  None of the deaths have been the same and none of her experiences at Harrenhal have mirrored the books at all so to expect that it suddenly will certainly isn't a given.Is it just me or is your comparison a bit skewed in terms of descriptive/judgmental statements? Serious question btw. It's clauses like "kinder than his children" and the extra details you give about the tv deaths that made me wonder.
1158	Stargareyen	2012-05-10	I rewatched.  I used to be confident he recognized her but not anymore.I have the same feeling when meeting people in places I'm not used to see them, especially if dressed differently.Recently I met my office's cleaning lady, dressed casually at the store - 100% sure I knew her, but absolutely no way to remember who she was.But the next day: /facepalm.Well that's the impression I got at the rewatch.  He knows he knows her, but can't remember who yet.  He might in the future however.Good points. I totally agree, he didnt realize why she is so familiar.TV Arya at least made one good choice. Amory Lorch was partly responsible for the deaths of Rhaeger's wife Elia and her children.
1159	Tadco26	2012-05-11	Is it just me or is your comparison a bit skewed in terms of descriptive/judgmental statements? Serious question btw.It's clauses like "kinder than his children" and the extra details you give about the tv deaths that made me wonder.Possibly, but how do you imagine Tywin would deal with Cersei, Jamie or much less Tyrion lieing to his face several times?  Cersei says that Tywin NEVER smiles at his funeral, but he seems to be pretty friendly and willing to discuss his past including the potential family "weakness" of Jamie's dyslexia.  He had Tyrion's wife gang raped and forced him to particpate.  He forced Jamie to lie and say Tysha was a whore he paid.  He gave up on Jamie when he was in captivity at Riverrun, which is why he sent Tyrion to be the Hand in the first place, because he was the last son he had.  And finally disowned Jamie when he insisted on retaining his position as head of the Kingsguard.Tywin had the deserters at the Battle of Blackwater's knees broken with hammers to serve as a visual warning to any further desertion, and had his men rape, murder and burn the villages of the Riverlands to provoke the Starks to attack him at Harrenhal.  Tywin did not suffer disloyalty in his vassals and was not a very sympathetic person, but apparently in his cupbearers his patience is much higher.At any rate it still comes back to the fact that the only similarities are that Arya and Tywin are at Harrenhal and Jaqen has offered her 3 deaths, and Gendry is serving as a blacksmith.  So I still stand by the statement that there are more changes than similarities in the story line, and so trying to predict what will happen next based on the books is not particulary likely to give you a good prediction.
1160	Ser Greguh	2012-05-11	Possibly, but how do you imagine Tywin would deal with Cersei, Jamie or much less Tyrion lieing to his face several times?  Cersei says that Tywin NEVER smiles at his funeral, but he seems to be pretty friendly and willing to discuss his past including the potential family "weakness" of Jamie's dyslexia.  He had Tyrion's wife gang raped and forced him to particpate.  He forced Jamie to lie and say Tysha was a whore he paid.  He gave up on Jamie when he was in captivity at Riverrun, which is why he sent Tyrion to be the Hand in the first place, because he was the last son he had.  And finally disowned Jamie when he insisted on retaining his position as head of the Kingsguard.Tywin had the deserters at the Battle of Blackwater's knees broken with hammers to serve as a visual warning to any further desertion, and had his men rape, murder and burn the villages of the Riverlands to provoke the Starks to attack him at Harrenhal.  Tywin did not suffer disloyalty in his vassals and was not a very sympathetic person, but apparently in his cupbearers his patience is much higher.He did all of those things, and yet is still a complex, driven human, and not a complete monster like Gregor or Ramsay.  He's only brutal when he finds it necessary, and it's absurd to think he'd find it necessary to discipline a foraged cupbearer over a minor, understandable, and ultamitely inconsequential lie, particularly when that cupbearer is, in her own way, showing more competence than some of his battlefield commanders.  The book gives us backstory and internal monologue, while the series invents a scene with Arya, but both are to the same effect.  If you choose to believe that Tywin is a Complete Monster and that the show ruins this for you, that's your prerogative, but there are plenty of people that are very knowledgeable of the books that would strongly disagree with you.At any rate it still comes back to the fact that the only similarities are that Arya and Tywin are at Harrenhal and Jaqen has offered her 3 deaths, and Gendry is serving as a blacksmith.  So I still stand by the statement that there are more changes than similarities in the story line, and so trying to predict what will happen next based on the books is not particulary likely to give you a good prediction.This is, quite simply, not true.  The similarities are plentiful, but you have to dig a level deeper than the superficialities you're looking at.  Like I said, the first of Arya's names is wasted on an inconsequential (but despicable) soldier, driven in part or in whole by the fact that Arya didn't really trust Jaqen and thought it might be a trap.  It doesn't matter that the name was The Tickler instead of Chiswyck (other than the fact that it deprives Arya of a moment in Book 3, but really that moment was lost - altered, really - when the show didn't have the time to focus quite so much on the torture).The second death was done out of an immediate personal need, in both the show and the book.  The name and context were different (and the show certainly amped up the immediate tension - again, a consequence of book-to-screen adaptation) but thematically, they were identical.So it's perfectly reasonable to presume that the third death will follow the theme of the books, which was Arya making a choice that she felt would best help her brother's war effort, and realizing that she could manipulate Jaqen into going above and beyond the strict three-death limit by naming Jaqen himself.  The fact that she was willing to snatch a message from Tywin's table to further the Stark war effort foreshadows that that's already on her mind, and frankly, it's such an awesome Arya moment that D&D would be loathe to lose it.  Though they've changed the details, they have built toward it.That it's going to be different in the details is a foregone conclusion.  We might as well complain that it's telling the story using pictures and sounds instead of just words.  But just because it shifts details here and there doesn't mean that they're changing things Just Because, and doesn't mean they're not building to the Big Moments that are straight from the books.  It's not impossible to predict, you just need to use different tools.
1161	boojam	2012-05-12	EDIT: Checked and I was wrong. They do meet in the first tourney scene, where Arya impertinently asks him why he's called Littlefinger. LF has eyes mostly for Sansa in the scene, but he does definitely get a good long look at Arya as well.Littlefinger has never been in a scene with Arya the entire series, until now. So I think it's entirely possible that he does not recognize her.First you say he was in a scene with Arya and then you say he has never been in a scene with Arya...which is it?Or did you mean the 2nd season?
1162	Zod	2012-05-12	First you say he was in a scene with Arya and then you say he has never been in a scene with Arya...which is it?Or did you mean the 2nd season?Did you see his EDIT? He added an EDIT in before what he initially said.
1163	Free Northman	2012-05-14	I think this is HBO setting up something that will occur much later in the series - in Winds of Winter in fact, which is that Arya will eventually be sent by the Faceless Men on a contract to kill Littlefinger.
He is going to do something at Harrenhal to make her add him to her list.
1164	WhiteVeils	2012-05-14	Quote from the HBO Episode synopsis: http://www.hbo.com/#...w/synopsis.html
"A crisis is an opportunity."
  Arya Stark continues to win points with Tywin Lannister, but has a heart-stopping moment when Petyr Baelish pays a visit to the commander. She keeps her head down during the visit, and although Littlefinger notices her, he does not recognize her. Littlefinger counsels Lord Tywin to draw in the Tyrells and, for now, forget that they sided with Renly Baratheon. Lord Tywin dismisses Arya, just as Littlefinger gives him an update on Catelyn Stark.
1165	MCSmarties	2012-06-06	Hi all, longtime lurker but this is my first post.Figured it's time I finally joined the discussion after spending countless hours reading all the great theories in this forum!I'm fairly confident they'll keep the third "death" largely the same, except that it will be Bolton that gets captured (economy of characters), and Bolton's takeover of the castle won't be aided by a Lannister turncloak (since we have no Vargo Hoat, Amory Lorch is dead, and it's a little late in the season to introduce a new major Lannister henchman out of the blue). /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Here my take on this: maybe LF is being set up to play the part of the "turncoat" who helps Bolton capture Harrenhal? The way it could play out is that LF tries to smuggle out Arya for his own purposes, and by doing so unwittingly undermines the defense of the castle. Unless he makes a conscious decision to betray Tywin - this IS still Littlefinger we're talking about, and he sure could be more devious this season!.Also, it's true that Lannisters are fast running out of henchmen at Harrenhal since so many characters have been cut. Which makes me wonder, what is the Mountain that Rides doing all this time?? Of course in the book he's out ransacking the Riverlands, but that doesn't make for good TV. The audience needs to see him more, or they'll never get to hate him enough for the Red Viper duel (and later unGregor?) to have the intended effect... Ser Gregor Clegane is a major character and frankly, he's been basically AWOL so far. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by MCSmarties, 06 June 2012 - 03:56 PM.
1166	Ran	2012-04-29	A thread for discussing the next episode, "The Old Gods and the New", before it airs this weekend. Spoilers from the novels or TV show permitted.
1167	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-29	Looks like we get to see the sack of Winterfell and get introduced to Ygritte.
1168	DragonAge93	2012-04-29	Hm, it seems to me they are setting up Roose to take Ramsay's place in Winterfell. I guess the betrayal the summaries referred to for Robb might be Roose saying he'll take back Winterfell only to take it for himself? I hope they don't do that, as it would kinda screw up the introduction of Ramsay. Nonetheless, Jon's scenes next week should be amazing.
1169	Cat Stormborn	2012-04-29	I'm probably stating the obvious here, but aren't the episode titles normally a line said in that episode? Doesn't Cat swear by the old gods and the new when Brienne takes her oath? I might be remembering wrong, since I read CoK a few months ago, but it makes sense to me that Brienne swears fealty to Cat in this episode. Not a very big thing, but still something that might happen.
1170	Rebecca of Portland	2012-04-30	Link to the preview if anyone is interested: http://www.hbo.com/#...UlaayMQIAUmYXOA==
1171	Lord Godric	2012-04-30	Do we know if Barristan is going to make an appearance this season? Mormonts remarks made his arrival sound imminent and I was sure if we even knew if the actor had been brought back for this season.
1172	TheHedgeWizard	2012-04-30	I expect to see Barristan this season, episode 10 most likely. From the preview it seems like myrcella in the show will be different from myrcella in the books.
1173	lacuna	2012-04-30	I put this in the discussion on ep5, but it belongs here, really:
I think the scene in the House of the Undying will be that Dany goes in, they cut to a different scene, (preferably Jon, blue rose and all that). Cut back to Quarth, Dany comes stumbling out, Pyat Pree goes mental, Jorah cuts him down. Later she recounts what she saw. The scene is too trippy for viewers to make sense of anyway, it would be like a David Lynch movie.
1174	Arkash	2012-04-30	I agree, Roose might be the one to take back Winterfell, but what of Harrenhal, then, who will take it from Tywin ?
As for Ygritt, yes, she will be introduced in this episode... but that makes me wonder: we're quite at the end of Jon's story in CoK, at this pace, it will end at episode 7 or 8... what of the last two episodes for Jon then ?
For Myrcella, yes, I dont like the fact that she seems to cry during he leaving for Dorne. Yet I'm looking forward to the riot and Sandor saving Sansa.
For the Hotuh, I'm expecting it more in the episode 7. But I really fear this scene... I agree they do not show the battles and only the aftermath, that is an excellent choice, both narrative, economic and visual... but the HotuH... we need to have it in full... and it may be so screwed...
1175	Crown	2012-04-30	I'm probably stating the obvious here, but aren't the episode titles normally a line said in that episode? Doesn't Cat swear by the old gods and the new when Brienne takes her oath? I might be remembering wrong, since I read CoK a few months ago, but it makes sense to me that Brienne swears fealty to Cat in this episode. Not a very big thing, but still something that might happen.That already happened in last nights' episode.I agree, Roose might be the one to take back Winterfell, but what of Harrenhal, then, who will take it from Tywin ?For the Hotuh, I'm expecting it more in the episode 7. But I really fear this scene... I agree they do not show the battles and only the aftermath, that is an excellent choice, both narrative, economic and visual... but the HotuH... we need to have it in full... and it may be so screwed...I already stated somewhere that I thought they'll have Roose take Winterfell, and maybe combine him with Ramsay. But if Roose takes Winterfell, who will stab Robb at the Red Wedding? It would be weird for him to be there.I share your fear for the HotU.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 30 April 2012 - 06:18 AM.
1176	Zappotack	2012-04-30	They can't really cut Ramsey can they he's kind of major later on...
1177	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-04-30	Hm, it seems to me they are setting up Roose to take Ramsay's place in Winterfell. I guess the betrayal the summaries referred to for Robb might be Roose saying he'll take back Winterfell only to take it for himself? I hope they don't do that, as it would kinda screw up the introduction of Ramsay. Nonetheless, Jon's scenes next week should be amazing.I would think the betrayal they're referring to would be by Theon.
					
					
							Edited by Hot Pie Targaryen, 30 April 2012 - 10:52 AM.
1178	Maester Reek	2012-04-30	Cannot stresss enough how much it would upset me if there is no ramsay to come and make a new reek
1179	Wyman's Man	2012-04-30	Anyone worried that there has been very little mention of Beric Dondarrion?
1180	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-30	Anyone worried that there has been very little mention of Beric Dondarrion?No, because he doesn't become a prominent character until Book 3.  I think if they were going to leave him out of the show they'd have never mentioned him last season.  I've got a feeling they'll go a bit more in-depth with the BWB at some point this season, as set up for next year.
1181	The Pale Mare	2012-04-30	it does make sense to cut ramsay as it simplifies it for the viewers we already have to many characters. have roose go to the north, logically robb would send up a force, sack winterfell and make theon reek. roose does this as he intends to take the north realizing robb has no heirs and married jeyne. he comes back down for the red wedding, he can do this as travel time in the tv show is simplified. down south lord karstark can take harrenhal as they have already cast him. or they could have roose come down and take it in season 3 so he could still be on the show and release jamie lannister. it makes sense
1182	Dragon Ass	2012-04-30	I think I need to go re-read all 5 books to keep up with all of you!  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
1183	Arkash	2012-04-30	The Reeds will be cut, I'm sure of it now...
But I'm ready to bet Ramsay will appear next season and we'll have some scenes at the Dreadfort with him and Theon.
As for next episode, I really wish Tyrion will start thinking about the chain, would be in time now... and hope we'll see Dontos again... Sansa's story needs to move a little.
And the riot ! Cant wait for the riot ! Still not convinced by a Myrcella crying (from the snippets we had of the episode), but, well, I'll go with it.
1184	HouseLancaster	2012-04-30	Ramsey and all the rest will appear next season. Its a good move, for me, as it is it'd just be too much.Ummm "Arya comes face-to-face wth a surprise visitor" or whatever the line was. Who the hell could that be, she's met everyone for the moment. Unless its Tywin in her bedchamber or the Northern Men but it doesn't fit. And other than that, her friends or Jacqen wouldn't be a surprise to be face-to-face with. An attack from Polliver, could he be 'next'? Have I forgotten someone?
1185	kephv	2012-04-30	Ummm "Arya comes face-to-face wth a surprise visitor" or whatever the line was. Who the hell could that be, she's met everyone for the moment. Unless its Tywin in her bedchamber or the Northern Men but it doesn't fit. And other than that, her friends or Jacqen wouldn't be a surprise to be face-to-face with. An attack from Polliver, could he be 'next'? Have I forgotten someone?Rorge maybe. She does sort of bump into him by surprise in the book, though it's only a quick little thing.
1186	iheartseverus	2012-04-30	What is Roose saying to Robb and Cat as the preview opens?  I've played it again and again, can't quite catch it.  He's holding out a raven-gram and says...'(something) Winterfell.'
1187	Carne	2012-04-30	"Your Grace, my Lady. News from Winterfell".
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 30 April 2012 - 07:46 PM.
1188	_Oberyn_	2012-04-30	Ummm "Arya comes face-to-face wth a surprise visitor" or whatever the line was. Who the hell could that be, she's met everyone for the moment. Unless its Tywin in her bedchamber or the Northern Men but it doesn't fit. And other than that, her friends or Jacqen wouldn't be a surprise to be face-to-face with. An attack from Polliver, could he be 'next'? Have I forgotten someone? "Visitor" should mean someone outside Harrenhall so a northman spy/prisoner would make sense. A very far fetched idea would be Arya catching a glimpse of Nymeria outside Harrenhall  to breach the gap left by the absence of wolf pack stories in the show.
1189	iheartseverus	2012-04-30	"Your Grace, my Lady. News from Winterfell".Oh, good, thanks.  I thought he said 'you's Winterfell.'  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1190	iheartseverus	2012-04-30	A very far fetched idea would be Arya catching a glimpse of Nymeria outside Harrenhall  to breach the gap left by the absence of wolf pack stories in the show.By the old gods and the new, let this come true!
1191	Khal-a-bunga	2012-04-30	I'm a little hazy on the timeline, but I would assume that Arya may meet Roose Bolton in the next episode. News reaches Harrenhal that Winterfell has been occupied and Tywin moves to take advantage of this, allowing Roose to take over with a contingent of Northern men. Or not; just spit-balling ideas. Robb being betrayed may refer to the Karstarks; it most definitely does not refer to Roose Bolton.
And I'm willing to bet that we'll see Ramsey next season, for the simple fact that Theon needs to stay involved with both the storyline and the production. It provides ample material for Winterfell and Theon next season.
1192	Hyper	2012-04-30	I'm probably stating the obvious here, but aren't the episode titles normally a line said in that episode? Doesn't Cat swear by the old gods and the new when Brienne takes her oath? I might be remembering wrong, since I read CoK a few months ago, but it makes sense to me that Brienne swears fealty to Cat in this episode. Not a very big thing, but still something that might happen.Did you not watch "Ghost of Harenhall"? The fealty swearing has already taken place.
1193	kephv	2012-05-01	"Visitor" should mean someone outside Harrenhall so a northman spy/prisoner would make sense.
	Spoiler Apparently it's someone Arya knows, or someone who knows her anyway. But I can't think of who it could be?

					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 01 May 2012 - 01:29 AM.
1194	Thorny Issues	2012-05-01	What is Roose saying to Robb and Cat as the preview opens?  I've played it again and again, can't quite catch it.  He's holding out a raven-gram and says...'(something) Winterfell.'Roose speaks softly. You have to strain to hear him. And you should!
1195	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-01	The Reeds will be cut, I'm sure of it now...But I'm ready to bet Ramsay will appear next season and we'll have some scenes at the Dreadfort with him and Theon.As for next episode, I really wish Tyrion will start thinking about the chain, would be in time now... and hope we'll see Dontos again... Sansa's story needs to move a little.And the riot ! Cant wait for the riot ! Still not convinced by a Myrcella crying (from the snippets we had of the episode), but, well, I'll go with it.It wouldn't surprise me if TV-Roose was a composite of book-Roose and book-Ramsey; thought I'd prefer them separate.  I'm not too broken up about the Reeds; it would have been nice to have them along; but Osha could hunt and help keep Hodor and Bran alive.  I still don't think that Maester Luwin could successfully guide Rickon to Skagos, though; but I certainly wouldn't complain about his surviving the burning of Winterfell; I really like the character and the actor.By the time Dontos turns up as Sansa's half-drunk Florian, most of the TV viewers who haven't read the books will have forgotten who he was.  As for Myrcella...Sigh.  I didn't mind little Tommen not being chubby, but they've made Myrcella not only a few years older than she was in the book, but apparently less confident.  In the book, whatever she felt inside, Myrcella left King's Landing quite cheerfully and bravely, rather than looking sad; it was Tommen who was sobbing.I don't think the riot will be the same without Sandor on his horse, but hopefully it will look scary/dangerous/violent.
1196	Howlin' Reed	2012-05-01	Can someone remind me what's up with the dead bodies Xaro comes across? Or is not from the books? I can't remember it.
1197	Faceless Sam	2012-05-01	Anyone worried that there has been very little mention of Beric Dondarrion? well, the tickler mentioned the brotherhood, iirc.
1198	frametown	2012-05-01	So y'all are thinking Theon takes Winterfell, then Roose is sent to take it back, and takes it for himself?
1199	Crown	2012-05-01	So y'all are thinking Theon takes Winterfell, then Roose is sent to take it back, and takes it for himself?I think they're not going to show the person who takes Winterfell. Just an armored knight with friendly banners. They'll reveal the person next year.
1200	Arkash	2012-05-01	There could be another way... when (and if) Roose takes Harrenhal, he can put the Bolton banners alongside the Stark one on the walls... and really specify this flayed man is his banner... and when the hooden or helmeted (=D ) man and his small army takes Winterfell in the end, they could flag the same banner without showing the face of their leader...
Roose could even, during his time at Harrenhal send a raven to the Dreadfort (with the approbation of Robb) telling his son to retake the castle... this could work... and since Arya's storyline is moving pretty fast in the show, we have some room for this kind of scenes at Harrenhal.
1201	Caro99	2012-05-01	i think we got a glimpse of dany running through the house of the undying! so cool that they will stick to it, though it will be intresting to see which prophecies are mentioned & which ignored...
also, i really saw a contrast from the book cersei to the one fro the show when she asks tyrion how he thinks it would feel like to have someone he loves taken from him or something like that... in the book cersei is flirting with lancel while myrcella is depating, but here cesei does come through as a much more symphatetic character. which i neither like or dislike. i just think lena's preformance is great.
and really lookig forward to ygritte..
but what i can't wait for anymore are the riot scenes!!!!!!!! i fear it, but i'll cling to the hope that HBO will stick to the books here and show us sandor saving sansa. they said their relationship would be indeed explore, but so far... nothing. so i don't mind if the moment is diffrent from the one in the books, since they have no horses and the hound seems to be protecting joff in a lot of stills, but so long as he leaves joff (who is once again going to get slapped by tyrion!) i'll be happy. but hopefully it won't be another 3 seconds moment like the whole previous sansa being beaten thing with barely any san/san to enjoy.
1202	Davos55	2012-05-01	I am really looking forward to this episode. Jon's storyline is finally picking up, and the scenes with Ygritte and the other wildlings looks great. The riot will be amazing. Roose bolton in general is awesome.
I am very curious to see what is going on with Dany next episode..it looks pretty interesting!
I remember that after the 5th episode last season, the episodes really picked up pace..so this should hold true this year as well! Can't wait for Sunday!!
Edit: I hope we see some Jamie this episode!! Also, Sandor better have some epic moments in the riot. From a different preview it looked like the fat Septon is in the scene..he is going to get annihilated! Definitely one of the more intense scenes in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 01 May 2012 - 11:41 AM.
1203	Arkash	2012-05-01	Alright, after rewatching the preview of the episode and doing some stills, here are some random thoughts:
I guess we see Jon faking to kill Ygritte (towards the end of it, I like it).
Otherwise, the rest is really obvious.
We have a shot of Stonesnake shooting an arrow (guess it is him, was it him or Dalbridge the archer in the book ?).
In Qarth: there seems to be some actions (totally new from the books): guardsmen lying dead in their blood (Xaro finding them), Khovaro running somewhere, and Dany too... all of this seems to take place in the garden of a villa (doesnt seem like Xaro's gardens but who knows)... maybe an attack from the Sorrowful men, but that seems weird...
Glad we are to see the Spice King again.
Robb saying something I cant fully understand : "I mean to take it there myself."... well, not sure if this is that, but seems he learned the news from Winterfell... my guess is that, at first, he wants to go back there himself, but probably Roose and Cat reason him and he'll send someone else (Roose).
Guess the episode will mainly focus on Jon, Daenerys and Robb... plus the riot and Winterfell.
I think Arya, Davos, Stannis and Mel wont really appear next episode!
1204	MikeNH	2012-05-01	As far as Roose being the one who takes Winterfell - that can still happen w/out any changes to Robb's storyline.  Remember, when Ramsay takes it, he pins the blame on Theon.
So Roose could very well march up there under the guise of saving Winterfell, kill off the troops from Torrhen's Square, capture Theon, and then kill everyone & sack Winterfell... and then go back to Robb saying they got there too late, but they did manage to extract revenge on the Iron Islanders.
Which really is how it plays out in the books anyway (minus Ramsay).  So Roose could sack Winterfell, and then head back down to the Twins for the wedding, still under the pretense of being loyal to Robb.
1205	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-05-01	I'm a little hazy on the timeline, but I would assume that Arya may meet Roose Bolton in the next episode. News reaches Harrenhal that Winterfell has been occupied and Tywin moves to take advantage of this, allowing Roose to take over with a contingent of Northern men. Or not; just spit-balling ideas. Robb being betrayed may refer to the Karstarks; it most definitely does not refer to Roose Bolton.And I'm willing to bet that we'll see Ramsey next season, for the simple fact that Theon needs to stay involved with both the storyline and the production. It provides ample material for Winterfell and Theon next season.Once again, it seems obvious that the betrayer being referred to is Theon. It's been stated on the show iirc that Robb and Theon think of each other as brothers.
					
					
							Edited by Hot Pie Targaryen, 01 May 2012 - 12:18 PM.
1206	Davos55	2012-05-01	What does everyone think the title refers to within the episode?
Is it going to be based off of Brienne and Cat's conversation last episode, or something new?
It could just be a part of a conversation between characters and not have much to do with the theme of the whole episode I suppose.
1207	Strider	2012-05-01	Ummm "Arya comes face-to-face wth a surprise visitor" or whatever the line was. Who the hell could that be, she's met everyone for the moment. Unless its Tywin in her bedchamber or the Northern Men but it doesn't fit. And other than that, her friends or Jacqen wouldn't be a surprise to be face-to-face with. An attack from Polliver, could he be 'next'? Have I forgotten someone?Syrio Forel.  Jaqen turns (back) into Syrio after assassinating his third victim.   /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1208	MikeNH	2012-05-01	Once again, it seems obvious that the betrayer being referred to is Theon. It's been stated on the show iirc that Robb and Theon think of each other as brothers.Except Theon takes Winterfell in Episode SIX - and the "Robb is betrayed" is from Episode EIGHT.  Why would they wait 2 weeks to show Robb's reaction?I think it's either the Karstarks or Catelyn releasing Jaime.
1209	Maroucia	2012-05-01	Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for the riot scene!!!There is a possibility that it wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t happen it this episode though, maybe weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll just see Myrcella leaving and the beginning of the riot and the episode will end on that. I hope not though, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m just preparing for anything.The worst thing that could happen: Littlefinger saving Sansa from the riot. Oh please, no! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />  (I'm joking of course, but still...)As for Ramsay, I could do with no appearance from him this season, but I would be highly disappointed if HBO would decide that only one Bolton is enough. Not true. We need both Boltons! Ramsay is a real psycho and I would never want to meet him in a million years, but he is definitely the poster child for characters you love to hate. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m disgusted by him, but I still want to read about him. His death is going to be such a relief; I want to live it two times, on paper and on screen. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1210	frametown	2012-05-01	Book readers obviously have been picking up on Roose and that he is an important character, but I doubt many non-readers have even thought twice about him.  It will be interesting to see if he plays a bigger role in the show before he doesn't anything major.  
Also, Jaqen and Syrio aren't the same person.
1211	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-05-01	Except Theon takes Winterfell in Episode SIX - and the "Robb is betrayed" is from Episode EIGHT.  Why would they wait 2 weeks to show Robb's reaction?I think it's either the Karstarks or Catelyn releasing Jaime.Or Bran and Rickon's "deaths".
1212	Ser Steele	2012-05-01	I agree the betrayed part is the "death" of bran and rickon. 
Roose has to reclaim harrenhall, or else arya looks really dumb for not having Tywin killed, well, dumber since she should have done it in the books, but it was a good learning experience I suppose. I just don't see why they would cut out Ramsay. He sort of fills the void of person you hate after Joff bites it, plus I like how he plays the antithesis of Jon. Both bastards of high born lords, but Ramsay is evil and cruel where Jon is honorable and kind.
1213	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-01	Robb saying something I cant fully understand : "I mean to take it there myself."... well, not sure if this is that, but seems he learned the news from Winterfell...I believe he says "I'll take his head myself," presumably referring to his intentions toward Theon following news of the betrayal.
1214	DragonAge93	2012-05-01	The shot of Dany running is not the House of the Undying. HotU will be shown in episode 7, as said in the episode summary sent out by HBO saying "Dany gets an invitation to the House of the Undying".
And about the riot, I highly doubt that'll happen this episode. Nothing in the preview to show it might happen. I think 7, or more likely 8, will have the riot, 8 being more likely because it's just before "Blackwater" and will be a good lead-up to it for non-book readers.
					
					
							Edited by DragonAge93, 01 May 2012 - 07:56 PM.
1215	gogorath	2012-05-01	I agree the betrayed part is the "death" of bran and rickon.Roose has to reclaim harrenhall, or else arya looks really dumb for not having Tywin killed, well, dumber since she should have done it in the books, but it was a good learning experience I suppose. I just don't see why they would cut out Ramsay. He sort of fills the void of person you hate after Joff bites it, plus I like how he plays the antithesis of Jon. Both bastards of high born lords, but Ramsay is evil and cruel where Jon is honorable and kind.A summary I read for Episode 7 read that Theon goes on a hunt, so I imagine this episode -- and the Betrayal -- is merely taking Winterfell.I also think that while Dany may get invited (again) to the HotU, I can't imagine her actually going in episode 7.
1216	Baitac	2012-05-01	Regarding the riot scene to come- have the Stokeworths been introduced? I forget. Anyway, do you think they'll get rid of the Lollys character entirely? Brown could be given a knighthood without getting married to anyone. Heck, he's already in the Kingsguard.
1217	WetHair	2012-05-01	Where do you think Robb's camp is?  It must be around a castle somewhere (that they hold) or a raven wouldn't have been able to deliver the message Roose Bolton shows to Robb and Catelyn. 
If the head Robb talks about taking is Theon's for his taking Winterfell, I can't imagine what he would do to him for (supposedly) killing Bran and Rickon.  I might think he was referring to Rickard Karstark but we have heard nothing of him and his sorrow so we may never hear about him at all.
1218	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-01	Regarding the riot scene to come- have the Stokeworths been introduced? I forget. Anyway, do you think they'll get rid of the Lollys character entirely? Brown could be given a knighthood without getting married to anyone. Heck, he's already in the Kingsguard.Think you're mistaken. Bronn is the head of the Gold Cloaks, but he is not a member of the Kingsguard. I'm sure the Stokeworths are cut, and rightfully so. They're background characters at best, and do almost nothing to further either the plot or character development. Bronn does marry Lollys, but that hardly needs to be mentioned on the show; they'll just mention he got married to some random lady whenever it happens.I'm looking forward to this episode. I've heard from different sources that it's the best of the season, but that it also significantly deviates from the book. Curious as to what that is. My main hope for the episode: no Littlefinger. I'm so sick of them sticking Littlefinger everywhere on this show, and the way he ending the last episode, that really should be the last we see of him until maybe the season finale. I'd also like some more Sansa scenes, preferably with more Sandor. Neither has done much this season, and for some reason Dontos still hasn't sent Sansa his letter. Actually, part of the problem with that whole plotline is that on the tv show we see so much more of Littlefinger, not just from POVs, so to have him be behind Dontos's helping of Sansa for a whole season with no mention might feel like a cheat, especially since he hasn't been in King's Landing very long. Wonder if they're going to move Dontos helping Sansa to season 3 and 4, though if that is the case, why introduce him in the season 2 premiere? I'll be interested to see what they do.
1219	HowardTheGryffin	2012-05-01	They can't cut out Ramsay's character in good conscience, he's just too interesting.  And how will they explain Theon becoming Reek without the crazy Bolton bastard making him?
1220	Maroucia	2012-05-02	Think you're mistaken. Bronn is the head of the Gold Cloaks, but he is not a member of the Kingsguard. I'm sure the Stokeworths are cut, and rightfully so. They're background characters at best, and do almost nothing to further either the plot or character development. Bronn does marry Lollys, but that hardly needs to be mentioned on the show; they'll just mention he got married to some random lady whenever it happens.I'm looking forward to this episode. I've heard from different sources that it's the best of the season, but that it also significantly deviates from the book. Curious as to what that is. My main hope for the episode: no Littlefinger. I'm so sick of them sticking Littlefinger everywhere on this show, and the way he ending the last episode, that really should be the last we see of him until maybe the season finale. I'd also like some more Sansa scenes, preferably with more Sandor. Neither has done much this season, and for some reason Dontos still hasn't sent Sansa his letter.Actually, part of the problem with that whole plotline is that on the tv show we see so much more of Littlefinger, not just from POVs, so to have him be behind Dontos's helping of Sansa for a whole season with no mention might feel like a cheat, especially since he hasn't been in King's Landing very long. Wonder if they're going to move Dontos helping Sansa to season 3 and 4, though if that is the case, why introduce him in the season 2 premiere? I'll be interested to see what they do.I totally agree with you. WAY TOO MUCH Littlefingerâ<U+0080>¦ He comes out as a central character, which he is not in ACOK.Not having Dontos send his letter to Sansa and start meeting her in the Godâ<U+0080><U+0099>s wood to plan her escape this season would be a big mistake.First, part of the interest of the Dontos plot is that it takes sooo long that you donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even believe that itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to happen at some point. And then, it gives a reason why Sansa didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t go with Sandor when he offered her to take her out of KL. I know the hound is a scary guy, but Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure she wouldâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve followed him if she didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have any other options available.Anything is better then psycho-Joffrey.Even psycho-Hound.
1221	Arkash	2012-05-02	I wonder if one of these days they will introduce the Kettleblacks... maybe season 3... but didnt they appeared since Clash ?
1222	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-02	Hopefully they make it seem that Bran and Rickon were killed at the seize of Winterfell and then reveal them to be alive in ep 10 or something.
1223	Independent George	2012-05-02	Ummm "Arya comes face-to-face wth a surprise visitor" or whatever the line was. Who the hell could that be, she's met everyone for the moment. Unless its Tywin in her bedchamber or the Northern Men but it doesn't fit. And other than that, her friends or Jacqen wouldn't be a surprise to be face-to-face with. An attack from Polliver, could he be 'next'? Have I forgotten someone?I'm 99% certain it's Nymeria.
1224	Baitac	2012-05-02	Hopefully they make it seem that Bran and Rickon were killed at the seize of Winterfell and then reveal them to be alive in ep 10 or something.I think they will "kill" them this season and resurrect them the next one.
1225	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-02	I wonder if one of these days they will introduce the Kettleblacks... maybe season 3... but didnt they appeared since Clash ? I can't even tell the difference between the Kettleblacks in the book, so I hope they stay away from the show. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1226	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-02	About the Boltons, I believethat Theon's role guarantees Ramsay's existence in the show. Although, there are -believable- ways to make Roose replacing his bastard son, I don't think they'll change the story that significantly. I'm confident that we'll have our psycho-bastard Bolton next year. About how he could be introduced? I guess It depends on where the Winterfel's storyline is going to end this season. Also, I'd like the show to continue have Roose not appear that often and at the same time reinforce the common non-reader belief that he's just a loyal lord to Robb, until the "right" moment comes.
1227	Versiroth	2012-05-02	The fact that Roose mentioned flaying to Robb during the 4th episode makes me believe he will replace Ramsey in the show.  Robb will likely send Roose north to combat Theon and the "betrayal" for Roose will be made apparent when he meets and surprisingly attacks/slaughters Roderick and his men outside Winterfell.   Later on, perhaps as early as next season, Roose will likely be the one seen flaying Theon's fingers.   They may also call Theon Reek in the show at that point, but I don't believe it will be explained.  To the non-book audience, it will just seem like a name given to Theon to demean him.    Roose will also likely be the one to Mary fake Arya.
1228	Baitac	2012-05-02	I'm 99% certain it's Nymeria.I would love it, but that really is going way beyond the scope of the novels so far.
1229	Baitac	2012-05-02	The fact that Roose mentioned flaying to Robb during the 4th episode makes me believe he will replace Ramsey in the show.  Robb will likely send Roose north to combat Theon and the "betrayal" for Roose will be made apparent when he meets and surprisingly attacks/slaughters Roderick and his men outside Winterfell.   Later on, perhaps as early as next season, Roose will likely be the one seen flaying Theon's fingers.   They may also call Theon Reek in the show at that point, but I don't believe it will be explained.  To the non-book audience, it will just seem like a name given to Theon to demean him.    Roose will also likely be the one to Mary fake Arya.Yep. Roose is going to do it all. It's ACoK redux.
1230	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-02	I bet that the person that Arya meets is LF . It makes  sense because he knows her and he needs to discuss the plans of alliance with the Tyrells with Tywin . BTW where the hell is Ser Allistair Thorne ? Did he get lost with his dead hand somewhere ? I think we are running in the first plot hole of the show here .
1231	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-02	Yep. Roose is going to do it all. It's ACoK redux.That's lame .
1232	NewJeffCT	2012-05-02	Except Theon takes Winterfell in Episode SIX - and the "Robb is betrayed" is from Episode EIGHT.  Why would they wait 2 weeks to show Robb's reaction?I think it's either the Karstarks or Catelyn releasing Jaime.Agreed - I think it is Cat releasing Jamie.Having just finished my re-read of A Clash of Kings, I'm disappointed with no Reek/Ramsay since he was mentioned a few times in the book before he made his appearance.  But, it would be hard to add him in now unless it was mentioned in passing by Maester Luwin (i.e., "Roose Bolton's bastard Ramsay Snow was killed, but we captured his wretched manservant, a man named Reek...")
1233	Independent George	2012-05-02	I would love it, but that really is going way beyond the scope of the novels so far.Not way beyond; we know that Nymeria's pack is loose in the Riverlands, and that she eventually saves Arya when she escapes Harrenhall. Arya also encounters a wolf in the woods while she's off taking a piss in the middle of the night; as long as they don't linger on it, I don't think it's that big of a stretch if Arya should have a chance encounter with Nymeria.
1234	Baitac	2012-05-02	That's lame .Nothing we can do. But like I've said before, they are doing a very job of keeping in the spirit of the novels, even though they can't afford a cast of thousands.
1235	Baitac	2012-05-02	Not way beyond; we know that Nymeria's pack is loose in the Riverlands, and that she eventually saves Arya when she escapes Harrenhall. Arya also encounters a wolf in the woods while she's off taking a piss in the middle of the night; as long as they don't linger on it, I don't think it's that big of a stretch if Arya should have a chance encounter with Nymeria.I think these things are inferred, but unless GRRM writes it, I think it's beyond the scope of the books. It'd be like if the show showed us Sandor's face in the Quiet Isle.
1236	frametown	2012-05-02	I bet that the person that Arya meets is LF . It makes  sense because he knows her and he needs to discuss the plans of alliance with the Tyrells with Tywin . BTW where the hell is Ser Allistair Thorne ? Did he get lost with his dead hand somewhere ? I think we are running in the first plot hole of the show here .Good call.  I forgot about that in the first season.  But didn't they kind of dismiss the idea of wights north of the wall early this season, through the letter to Tyrion?  Wasn't that the whole purpose of his mission to KL?  Also, in the book, did Thorne go back when Janos Slynt was sent to the wall, or did they go back separately?
					
					
							Edited by frametown, 02 May 2012 - 10:50 AM.
1237	gogorath	2012-05-02	Agreed - I think it is Cat releasing Jamie.Having just finished my re-read of A Clash of Kings, I'm disappointed with no Reek/Ramsay since he was mentioned a few times in the book before he made his appearance.  But, it would be hard to add him in now unless it was mentioned in passing by Maester Luwin (i.e., "Roose Bolton's bastard Ramsay Snow was killed, but we captured his wretched manservant, a man named Reek...")Theon takes Winterfell in six and Robb and Catelyn hear about it.  Bran escapes and is hunted by Theon in seven.  Catelyn releases Jaime in eight as a response.  I agree - it's pretty much laid out in the episode descriptions. The only mystery is whether the show will try to trick the viewer into thinking they are actually dead until Episode 10.
1238	servethe_Realm	2012-05-02	I really really want them to show The House of the Undying. I just re-read that part and I really love it, it'd be so cool to see on-screen.
1239	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-02	Good call.  I forgot about that in the first season.  But didn't they kind of dismiss the idea of wights north of the wall early this season, through the letter to Tyrion?  Wasn't that the whole purpose of his mission to KL?  Also, in the book, did Thorne go back when Janos Slynt was sent to the wall, or did they go back separately?Yes, but even so the show mentioned it and now we are 6 episodes in and we still haven't seen him . Even some non book readers have wondered about this and I don't know how are they going to explain his absence . Also Thorne and Slynt were sent separately .Edit : I meant Lord Commander said to Jon last season that Ser Allistair was going to KL .
					
					
							Edited by Tyrionthebest, 02 May 2012 - 12:16 PM.
1240	7V3N	2012-05-02	Alright, after rewatching the preview of the episode and doing some stills, here are some random thoughts:I guess we see Jon faking to kill Ygritte (towards the end of it, I like it).Otherwise, the rest is really obvious.We have a shot of Stonesnake shooting an arrow (guess it is him, was it him or Dalbridge the archer in the book ?).In Qarth: there seems to be some actions (totally new from the books): guardsmen lying dead in their blood (Xaro finding them), Khovaro running somewhere, and Dany too... all of this seems to take place in the garden of a villa (doesnt seem like Xaro's gardens but who knows)... maybe an attack from the Sorrowful men, but that seems weird...Glad we are to see the Spice King again.Robb saying something I cant fully understand : "I mean to take it there myself."... well, not sure if this is that, but seems he learned the news from Winterfell... my guess is that, at first, he wants to go back there himself, but probably Roose and Cat reason him and he'll send someone else (Roose).Guess the episode will mainly focus on Jon, Daenerys and Robb... plus the riot and Winterfell.I think Arya, Davos, Stannis and Mel wont really appear next episode!I think Robb said "I'll take his head myself," referring to Theon when he learns of the sack of Winterfell.
1241	nothatso	2012-05-02	I'm unsure if this was previously discussed in the episode 5 threads, but they seem to have skipped over Ghost finding the obsidian weapons. Any idea why?
I figure Sam will be the one two find them in the show, but that's not a change I would be fond of.
1242	7V3N	2012-05-02	I'm unsure if this was previously discussed in the episode 5 threads, but they seem to have skipped over Ghost finding the obsidian weapons. Any idea why?I figure Sam will be the one two find them in the show, but that's not a change I would be fond of.It could be cut, since it still has little significance (all though most readers believe it will be significant).
1243	Arkash	2012-05-02	I guess they can skip the whole obsidian storyline... and replace it by something more simple, like fire: maybe Sam will kill the Other with just a torch...
1244	Gongsun Zan	2012-05-02	I'm still holding out for Ramsay. Roose could easily send his son to "assist" Winterfell, so it's not entirely out of the question.
1245	Irish815	2012-05-02	Sadly I believe it is extremely likely this will happen, based on the evidence I will list after.
1. Roose will go to Winterfell.
2. Roose will betray the Northmen from Winterfell who think they are teaming up to retake the stronghold.
3. Theon will allow Roose inside Winterfell after seeing him kill the other Northmen.
4. Roose burns Winterfell.
Watch the 2x06 promo, Robb says "I'll take his head myself." It quickly cuts to Catelyn, yet the face he is looking at when he says it is not her, it is Roose. It is a man with short, black/gray hair. 
Roose probably suggets "I'll go north to take Winterfell and deal with Theon/Ironmen." Robb responds "I'll take his head myself." At this point Catelyn probably says something like "Your men need you here to lead them", and Roose concurs.
As for Harrenhal, Ser Amory Lorch most likely will take the place of Tywin whenever he leaves. We then learn more about Amory with scenes including Arya as cupbearer, she knows him from the man who killed Yoren. 
I think either A) He will be killed by Jaqen, or /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> He will be fed to a Bear by.... who knows? Roose is in winterfell /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />   Most likely he will be killed by Jaqen if Polliver is not.
1246	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-02	There will likely only be one Kettleblack on the show and he won't be introduced until season 3.
1247	7V3N	2012-05-02	There will likely only be one Kettleblack on the show and he won't be introduced until season 3.Osmund + Osfryd + Osney = Osfrundy Kettleblack!
1248	Independent George	2012-05-02	Osmund + Osfryd + Osney = Osfrundy Kettleblack!+ Oswell = Osfrundell Kettleblack.His friends just call him Ozzie.
1249	Crown	2012-05-02	I changed my mind on this a lot of times, but I'm sure a certain armoured dude, with the flayed man on his chest, will kill Rodrik and his men. Theon sees this and lets him inside Winterfell. The flayed man will take over Winterfell and burn it down. Screen fades to black, and everyone thinks the season is over. But then, instead of the credits, a door opens and Bran and Rickon show up again!
1250	Ser Hippie	2012-05-02	I see things similarly to Crown - it's still Ramsay at Winterfell but we won't get a good look at him. I don't see Roose -> Winterfell as likely at all.
1251	Irish815	2012-05-02	Taking the last trailer into consideration I think Roose->Winterfell is very likely.
Cat/Robb/Roose have a conversation which somehow results in Robb saying to Roose, "I'll take his head myself." 
This is obviously a response to Roose suggesting someone other than Robb deal with the Ironmen in Winterfell, VERY likely himself.
1252	Ser Hippie	2012-05-02	Or it could be
Roose: I'm sending my bastard son to drive the ironborn pigdogs out and put Theon's head on a spike.
Robb: I'll take his head myself.
The logistics of Roose going north don't work and both Roose and Ramsay play major roles in the North starting next seasonish.
1253	jlk7e	2012-05-02	Sending Roose north seriously screws up Arya's plotline, doesn't it?  And it'll also seriously screw up Jaime's plotline next season.
1254	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-02	So Roose wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be at the Red Wedding, then. Hm.
1255	HomeGrownCrown	2012-05-02	First post so it might seem a bit crackpot but:
The old gods and the new:
This leads me to believe a decent portion of the episode could be dedicated to Robb and Cat.  While Cat has the 7, Robb still worships the old gods as his father did, and means to prove it.  I think Bolton's raven brought news from Winterfell, news that troops had been sent to secure the north but nothing else.
The Vault:
In film when a  Vault is introduced, and then proclaimed unbreakable it means only one thing, a heist.  The Dothraki were shown and claimed to be best at two things, stealing and killing.  In the preview we see bodies, presumably collateral damage from a theft of some sort.  The Vault was claimed to be Valyrian Stone, whatever the hell that is, but if it's Valyrian, and its stone, maybe the dothraki find it susceptible to dragon fire. 
Myrcella and the riot:
How they will fit Tyrion/Cersei/ Tyrion/Joff  Joff/Sansa  Sansa/The Hound in is difficult. But it's as good a cast as you could ask to work with.
I'll Have His Head:
Since the series started it's taken a max of 2 weeks to travel anywhere.  Last time we saw Alton Lannister he was leaving Kings Landing.  This episode he should arrive to Robb's camp, and perhaps be murdered by a Karstark.  Robb doesn't permit this, episode ends just like ep 9 of season one, only this time the king of the north is striking the sword.
1256	madman2711	2012-05-03	sorry to be too canon but Moat Calin was already taken by the ironborn under Victarion + Asha/Yara in the tv show at this time and no northsmen could go back unless by sea or by bypassing Moat with help from the reeds
Robb before the red wedding was elaborating a plan to attack Moat Calin from 3 directions so he could go back north by foot wich is one of the main reasons he agreed with the red wedding and forced his uncle to take a Frey wife and passing the twins again
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 03 May 2012 - 12:51 AM.
1257	The hairy bear	2012-05-03	Regarding Roose:I agree with thise who say that the show is merging Roose and Ramsay in a single character. And while we lose "something" (it always happen, in an adaptation), it's doable and still works.The logistics of Roose going north don't work and both Roose and Ramsay play major roles in the North starting next seasonish.Why? Last season Catelyn went from Winterfell to King's Landing and then to the Eyre in three episodes. Why can't Roose reach Winterfell by episode 10 if Robb sends him ther in episode 6?So Roose wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be at the Red Wedding, then. Hm.Why not? After he sacks Winterfell (and says he arrived to late to save the castle but took revenge on the ironborn), he can return to the South to continue fighting. In fact, you could have him unseen all season 3 and just show him as a guest in the wedding, having just come from the North.Sending Roose north seriously screws up Arya's plotline, doesn't it?  And it'll also seriously screw up Jaime's plotline next season.Arya is made Roose's cupbearer in ACOK, but in the show she has been made Tywin's cupbearer. That's significant enough, I think. Without the Brave Companions, I don't know how the weasel soup plot would work anyway. So either they have something else in mind for the third wish and Harrehal will remain in Lannister hands, or some other Northern lord wil take care of it, or I even could see the "Brotherhood" taking the castle.Regarding Jaime, they'll have to invent many new scenes for him anyway (given that S3 starts with him in freedom, and must end before he arribes at KL). I don't think it's difficult to invent ways to have him captured by whoever rules Harrenhal at this moment, have him lose his hand, and leave him free. The books and the show will diverge more and more with each seaon. It is known.Regarding Thorne:Lord Commander said to Jon last season that Ser Allistair was going to KL .Owen Teale was cast in Sky 1's comedy Stella as a regular, appearing in all episodes airing from January to March 2012. That might have caused a schedule conflict, and I can see how Teale would not refuse a main cast role for appearing in what would be just a single one minute scene where he is mocked by the council.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 03 May 2012 - 04:30 AM.
1258	Jayce	2012-05-03	For all those suspecting that Roose will go north to re-take Winterfell, how? Yarra (Asha) holds Moat Cailin by now, doesn't she?
					
					
							Edited by Jayce, 03 May 2012 - 04:46 AM.
1259	Arkash	2012-05-03	His friends just call him Ozzie.Ozzie Kettleblack ! I want this character! =DMoat Cailin was mentionned just once, and from Balon plans, he didnt involve it at all...My guess is that the road to North is still open yet, but next season, we will see Victarion take Moat Cailin.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 03 May 2012 - 05:01 AM.
1260	Pellaeon	2012-05-03	They also could bring the red wedding in episode 10, so  Bolton can kill Robb and let him sack Winterfell afterwards
1261	Crown	2012-05-03	They also could bring the red wedding in episode 10, so  Bolton can kill Robb and let him sack Winterfell afterwardsThat is definitely a no-go. It would totally ruin any character-development and basically all the plots.
1262	Pellaeon	2012-05-03	That is definitely a no-go. It would totally ruin any character-development and basically all the plots.Why? They move fast forward with Robb and Jeyne and If Cat realised Jaime in episode 7, it could be possible
1263	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-03	They also could bring the red wedding in episode 10, so  Bolton can kill Robb and let him sack Winterfell afterwardsThat is surely not going to happen. It would be an absolute travesty if it did. There has been no character development of Jeyne, I mean, she hasn't even been introduced properly yet. Sorry but that isn't going to happen. Leaving out Reek will change Theon's storyline quite a bit though, saw someone else mention it but he becomes the character you love to hate after the purple wedding. I could see them turning Roose into Ramsey but another deviation from the books /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
1264	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-03	Well.What if Roose dispenses his bastard to take back Winterfell, who promptly gets captured by the Lannisters/taken to Harrenhal on the way... and is released by Arya and her Weasel Soup, in the place of Robett Glover? Wouldn't that just be deliciously ironic, if Ramsay Snow is the northern leader freed, an episode or two before he shows up to trash Winterfell?I know I'm grasping, but merging Roose and Ramsay into one character just seems so bad to me. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1265	madman2711	2012-05-03	Moat Cailin was mentionned just once, and from Balon plans, he didnt involve it at all...My guess is that the road to North is still open yet, but next season, we will see Victarion take Moat Cailin.that means Balon is a poor strategist as it will be like attacking the north with no chance of holding ithis main objective is moat cailin as it is the gate to the neck and the northi understand that TV viewers don't care a bit about the strategy and geography but i think that it would ruin this for usi would like that the Bran/Theon / Ramsay line will end with the "death" of the stark boys and leave the rest for next season including Ramsay than no Ramsay at allRamsay is pure evil not just a psychotic bratt like Jeoffrey
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 03 May 2012 - 06:36 AM.
1266	sennahoj	2012-05-03	For all those suspecting that Roose will go north to re-take Winterfell, how? Yarra (Asha) holds Moat Cailin by now, doesn't she?I thought Asha/Yara attacks Deepwood Motte further north, both in the book and according to the plans in the series. But I may be wrong.
1267	Crown	2012-05-03	I thought Asha/Yara attacks Deepwood Motte further north, both in the book and according to the plans in the series. But I may be wrong.You are correct.
1268	Versiroth	2012-05-03	While all of us would like to see characters like Ramsey, the Reeds, etc in the TV series, adding too many characters for non-readers to try to follow would likely lead to disaster.   Making Osha take the part of the Reeds and Roose take the part of Ramsey just makes more sense.  Otherwise, a non-reader could miss one episode and then be completely lost as more and more characters are constantly introduced.   Heck, some are probably lost right now due to them having to skip around so much in an attempt to try to get everyone in.
They barely have time to give the current characters proper screen time.  Much less add in additional "fluff" characters.   It does suck, but I do believe that it's necessary.  
Season 3 is supposed to be just the first half of book 3 (I'd imagine it likely ends with the red wedding), so they should be able to give everyone proper screen time without having everything feel rushed and mashed together.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 03 May 2012 - 08:39 AM.
1269	Dracarya	2012-05-03	Reading this thread has made me sigh - I refuse to give up on Ramsay just yet. He needs to be in the show, having Roose play his part as well just won't work.As for the Reeds, I love them, but I'm kind of okay with them not being in it yet. I think they should make an appearance at some point though, even if they meet up with Bran at the Wall or something. I like Maester Luwin, so I'm fine with him taking Rickon to Skagos, that change isn't too bad, and Osha is brilliant, I think she could hunt well enough for them, and she knows what's beyond the Wall. It's just convincing her to go back there that might be tricky - that needs to be made believable.I'm a little annoyed at certain changes, but I do try not to nitpick. Very excited for this episode! I also hope they include the House of the Undying, even if it's not this week.
1270	7V3N	2012-05-03	that means Balon is a poor strategistwell.... "We can finally be independent if we help the winning side with their war. Fuck it. We're going North!"
1271	_Oberyn_	2012-05-03	Actuality what happen to the stash of dragoglass weapons? Jon is about to go with Qhorin, will he find it before he leaves or will they give that part to Sam now to keep him more involved while Jon is away?
1272	Ser Hippie	2012-05-03	Why? Last season Catelyn went from Winterfell to King's Landing and then to the Eyre in three episodes. Why can't Roose reach Winterfell by episode 10 if Robb sends him ther in episode 6?I was referring to the fact that it makes no sense to send Roose Bolton to march all the way back north to "save" Winterfell when they're somewhere in the Westerlands. It obviously could be done from a show-production way but why would Robb send away one of his senior commanders (and presumably at least some troops) and hope they show up at Winterfell with any kind of chance of retaking it? Why wouldn't he arrange such a force from the reserves/guards/etc. still up north which are actually in a position to get to Winterfell in a timely fashion?Also, since we see it's Roose giving Robb the news about Winterfell, doesn't that imply Roose has someone up North feeding him information and probably in place to act as needed (i.e. Ramsay)?I don't know, I just think that combining Ramsay and Roose would be a really strange and (imo) bad divergence from the books.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 03 May 2012 - 11:29 AM.
1273	catstory	2012-05-03	I think they will "kill" them this season and resurrect them the next one.Yeah, there will be several cliffhangers between the seasons like Bran and Rickon dead, Tyrion getting hacked and passing out on the Blackwater. ANy others?
1274	Crown	2012-05-03	Yeah, there will be several cliffhangers between the seasons like Bran and Rickon dead, Tyrion getting hacked and passing out on the Blackwater. ANy others?Davos.
1275	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2012-05-03	Another cliffhanger - depending how it pans out - will be Jon Snow with the Wildlings. Do you think it will be with the death of the Halfhand?
I am really surprised with the talk I've heard about the place by people thinking RW will be at the end of this season (unless I am completely misreading them). At Comicon Weiss (I think) said ASoS was so large it will need to be split into 2 seasons, or at least 1 and a half, and that RW will be in there somewhere.
(Apologies if these comments are off topic).
1276	Maroucia	2012-05-03	The RW won't happen this season, I'm pretty confident about that.
1277	Crown	2012-05-03	Another cliffhanger - depending how it pans out - will be Jon Snow with the Wildlings. Do you think it will be with the death of the Halfhand?I am really surprised with the talk I've heard about the place by people thinking RW will be at the end of this season (unless I am completely misreading them). At Comicon Weiss (I think) said ASoS was so large it will need to be split into 2 seasons, or at least 1 and a half, and that RW will be in there somewhere.(Apologies if these comments are off topic).ASOS is confirmed to be split over two seasons. GRRM said that the first season will roughly cover the first half of ASOS, most likely including the RW. GRRM will be writing S03E07, working title: Autumn Winds, most people consider this to the events in Queenscrown and before the RW.
1278	unRobert	2012-05-03	Not that I'm not enjoying this season, it gets better every episode, but I've been slightly disappointed.
I am however hoping that Roose will mention his bastard son, who can help retake Winterfell. Season redeemed in one line.
Perhaps afterward, Cat and Robb talking will give chilly and creepy impressions of the infamous Bastard of Bolton, since we've gotten nothing about him from the story up north.
But with ASOS split into 2 seasons, there will be the trickey business of no Theon/no Ramsay for 2 whole seasons? I mean they could throw in 3 or 4 random flaying scenes per season, but not sure that will work.
1279	greatgeek	2012-05-03	10 teasers for 2x06
1280	Arkash	2012-05-03	Actuality what happen to the stash of dragoglass weapons? Jon is about to go with Qhorin, will he find it before he leaves or will they give that part to Sam now to keep him more involved while Jon is away? Nice catch, cause if they follow the book, we wont see Sam, Grenn, Edd or Jeor again this seaon. I like the idea of some more story on the fist with Sam finding the obsidan weaponry.
1281	Crown	2012-05-03	10 teasers for 2x062 & 6 are obvious. The other teasers? I have no idea.
1282	Leia	2012-05-03	I'm expecting a good riot scene and not some bare minimum like with some certain previous scenes.
+ looking forward to seeing House of the Undying
1283	iheartseverus	2012-05-03	2 & 6 are obvious. The other teasers? I have no idea..5 is probably Half Hand saying that to Jon--you have to do this, so just make it quick and efficient.
1284	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-03	.5 is probably Half Hand saying that to Jon--you have to do this, so just make it quick and efficient.Or it's probably Ygritte who's saying that to Jon.#4 is probably Hound saving Sansa in the riot?#9 is Joffrey? I remember yelling that in some of the trailers?
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 03 May 2012 - 03:18 PM.
1285	Maroucia	2012-05-03	4. Do not mess with The Hound.Thank gods! At last a Sandor scene! It might be either about how he'll cut through the crowd during the riot to save Sansa, or about how  he'll be rude (almost psycho) with Sansa after she tells him something he doesn't like.5. "Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you."Ygritte talking to Jon before he pretends to kill her?7. "I'm no ordinary woman - my dreams come true!"Cersei?8. There's a brilliant moment involving Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) and some cow dung. This, I know for sure, is from the riot scene. It's going to be thrown by a commoner; in the book, it's the reason why Joffrey sends the Hound in the crowd, which, of course, doesn't help the already tense situation.9. "Kill them - kill them all!"Probably Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by Maroucia, 03 May 2012 - 03:37 PM.
1286	iheartseverus	2012-05-03	Could .1 be Theon saying that to Osha, at Winterfell?
3. could be Tywin saying that to Ayra--it'd be like her to inject her opinion into grown-ups conversations, and that does sound like Tywin-esque sarcasm.
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 03 May 2012 - 03:47 PM.
1287	Maroucia	2012-05-03	Could .1 be Theon saying that to Osha, at Winterfell?3. could be Tywin saying that to Ayra--it'd be like her to inject her opinion into grown-ups conversations, and that does sound like Tywin-esque sarcasm.Both very likely.
1288	Crown	2012-05-03	With the help of my fellow forum dwellers, I made up this list:1. "I need fighters, not kitchen sluts!"Theon to Osha.2. Theon (Alfie Allen) makes a shocking decision - is he beyond redemption?Theon taking over Winterfell.3. "Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it."?4. Do not mess with The Hound.The Hound during the riot, perhaps saving Sansa.5. "Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you."Ygritte to Jon Snow, before her 'execution'.6. Rose Leslie makes her debut as Ygritte, a Wilding who might spell trouble for Jon (Kit Harington).Self explanatory. 7. "I'm no ordinary woman - my dreams come true!"?8. There's a brilliant moment involving Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) and some cow dung.Most likely to happen during the riot.9. "Kill them - kill them all!"Joffrey, during the riot.10. Someone's light fingers spell trouble for Daenerys (Emilia Clarke).?
1289	iheartseverus	2012-05-03	With the help of my fellow forum dwellers, I made up this list:1. "I need fighters, not kitchen sluts!"Theon to Osha.2. Theon (Alfie Allen) makes a shocking decision - is he beyond redemption?Theon taking over Winterfell.3. "Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it."?4. Do not mess with The Hound.The Hound during the riot, perhaps saving Sansa.5. "Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you."Ygritte to Jon Snow, before her 'execution'.6. Rose Leslie makes her debut as Ygritte, a Wilding who might spell trouble for Jon (Kit Harington).Self explanatory. 7. "I'm no ordinary woman - my dreams come true!"?8. There's a brilliant moment involving Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) and some cow dung.Most likely to happen during the riot.9. "Kill them - kill them all!"Joffrey, during the riot.10. Someone's light fingers spell trouble for Daenerys (Emilia Clarke).?3.  Tywin to Ayra10.  Dothraki stealing stuff in Qarth.
1290	Meg Stark	2012-05-03	With the help of my fellow forum dwellers, I made up this list:1. "I need fighters, not kitchen sluts!"Theon to Osha.2. Theon (Alfie Allen) makes a shocking decision - is he beyond redemption?Theon taking over Winterfell.3. "Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it."? Sounds like something Tywin would say to me. 4. Do not mess with The Hound.The Hound during the riot, perhaps saving Sansa.5. "Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you."Ygritte to Jon Snow, before her 'execution'.6. Rose Leslie makes her debut as Ygritte, a Wilding who might spell trouble for Jon (Kit Harington).Self explanatory. 7. "I'm no ordinary woman - my dreams come true!"? I think this is going to be Osha. Maybe they are setting her up to also have greendreams etc. to establish that she is going to take Bran north of the wall. If so that is then there is no chance for the Reeds. 8. There's a brilliant moment involving Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) and some cow dung.Most likely to happen during the riot.9. "Kill them - kill them all!"Joffrey, during the riot.10. Someone's light fingers spell trouble for Daenerys (Emilia Clarke).? I think this must be like sticky fingers? One of the Dothraki must do be trying to steal something. The only other thing I can think of is light fingers = a light touch- maybe from one of the Thirteen, Jorah, of Doreah?
					
					
							Edited by Meg Stark, 03 May 2012 - 04:10 PM.
1291	_Oberyn_	2012-05-03	If 7. is Osha i may give up on the show altogether, i think its going past the point of redemption now.
1292	iheartseverus	2012-05-03	If 7. is Osha i may give up on the show altogether, i think its going past the point of redemption now.My guess is Margaery--perhaps LF offers her a new king for a husband, since she wants to be THE Queen, and maybe he warns that 'no ordinary woman' can really handle Joffrey or whatever.
1293	JackSpadegi	2012-05-03	7. "I'm no ordinary woman - my dreams come true!"May she be Melisandre?I just can't believe Margaery would say this right after her husband's death...
1294	Arkash	2012-05-03	3. "Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it."Tywin to Arya would be amazing !
1295	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-03	I don't think there's any way Roose is taking Winterfell; it just doesn't make sense. He delivers the news about Winterfell falling, there's some type of strategic meeting where Roose advises Robb that he can alert his bastard son to assist Winterfell and to stop Theon, then Robb's "I'll take his head myself." line. 
With how much Theon has been emphasized this season, it simply wouldn't be practical (or make any sense from a story-telling stand point) to omit him for the majority of both seasons three and four. Ramsey will probably be seen at the end of this season, however we won't see his face. They'll cast the actor some time soon (hopefully), and show how everything plays out in Winterfell in season three. It's likely some material may even be added. 
And with the bit in Qarth, I'm guessing that it'll have something to do with Kavarro getting Dany (and therefore Xharo) into trouble with the Spice King, losing her favor with the Elders (maybe not all at once) and pushing her closer to seeking the assistance of the warlocks at the House of the Undying.
Don't think we'll see much (or any) of Stannis and company and we may get a short scene with Arya and Tywin where he finds out Winterfell has fallen (which is also where I'm predicting we'll get the line from the trailer, "They're calling it the war of the five kings... Nothing matters but how it ends..." line/s). 
Either way, not long now. Should be a great episode, changes and all.
1296	Gaius Martell	2012-05-04	I'm nervous about the House of the Undying, whenever it shows up.  There are so many ways for them to get it wrong and only a few that they can get it right with.  It's hard for Dany to see characters that she doesn't know, but that we do.  Actors are going to give away plot points, like the Red Wedding, the corpse on the ship, and so on.
Speaking of actors ruining surprises, Barristan Selmy.  That was such a great reveal.
If Roose is taking over for Ramsay we'll have a really strange Theon story coming up, or Roose will be in two places at once (for the Red Wedding and Dreadfort).  While the show might like to invent a new villain more easily by combining the two, it will strain plausibility for Roose to be involved in both Robb and Theon's stories.
1297	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-04	Speaking of actors ruining surprises, Barristan Selmy.  That was such a great revealWhat? I read this as a confirmation/guess/post that he'll re-appear again as Arstan or I am reading it wrong? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1298	Crown	2012-05-04	What? I read this as a confirmation/guess/post that he'll re-appear again as Arstan or I am reading it wrong? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It isn't confirmed, but I'm sure they cast the actor for multiple seasons, since D&D knew he would play a bigger role later on.
1299	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-04	I think I know who finds the dragonglass things . If you look at the In Production Iceland video you can see for a second Green and Sam digging something in the snow .
1300	Arkash	2012-05-04	I'm quite sure the obsidian finding will be with just Sam, Green and Edd, to give them something more this season.
1301	A Redeemed Hound	2012-05-04	The betrayal is Catelyn freeing Jaime with Briene.  It's all set up with what Littlefinger said to Cat and what Cat said to Brienne.  Robb is betrayed by his mother.
1302	A Redeemed Hound	2012-05-04	7. Is most likely Osha saying that to Bran.  Or Mellisandra telling it to Davos or Stannis. 
The Reeds are not going to happen.  I am okay with it since i have tried really hard to divorse myself from the books when watching the show.  My bet is Maester Luwin lives in the show and takes Rickon and Shaggydog while Osha and Hodor take Bran and Summer.
1303	Francis Buck	2012-05-04	I'm quite sure the obsidian finding will be with just Sam, Green and Edd, to give them something more this season.This. Otherwise none of these characters, or really anyone else in the Night's Watch, will have anything to do until the next season.
1304	Grumpy Midget	2012-05-04	Anyone else getting ready to Tivo the JofferySlapfest v2.0 and watching it over and over again?
1305	Arkash	2012-05-04	This. Otherwise none of these characters, or really anyone else in the Night's Watch, will have anything to do until the next season.Yeah, I said the same thing on a topic, so I'm quite sure we will see more of the Fist this season.
1306	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-04	The betrayal is Catelyn freeing Jaime with Briene.  It's all set up with what Littlefinger said to Cat and what Cat said to Brienne.  Robb is betrayed by his mother.Nope. Jaime doesn't even appear in this episode, it's been confirmed by someone who has seen the episode . Next week we will see Jaime back and his (failed) escape .
					
					
							Edited by Tyrionthebest, 04 May 2012 - 12:23 PM.
1307	gogorath	2012-05-04	Nope. Jaime doesn't even appear in this episode, it's been confirmed by someone who has seen the episode . Next week we will see Jaime back and his (failed) escape .Since people are getting confused... In Episode Six, Theon completes his master stroke. In Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, the Lannisters send Myrcella from harmâ<U+0080><U+0099>s way in the nick of time. Arya comes face to face with a surprise visitor; Dany vows to take what is hers; Robb and Catelyn receive crucial news; Qhorin gives Jon a chance to prove himself.So, it's just receiving "crucial news" which I think we all know is about Theon's "master stroke."In Episode Seven, we get "Jaime meets a distant relative; Dany receives an invitation to the House of the Undying; Theon leads a search party; Jon loses his way in the wilderness; Cersei counsels Sansa."So Theon is hunting Bran and Rickon in Episode 7.  Given the title of the episode is about Jaime and the distant relative, I wonder if this relative is either Jeyne or merely Alton Lannister, who tries to free him.  Either way, it could be a real freeing, but I don't think B&R will be "dead" until the end of the episode.  In Epsiode Eight, "At Winterfell, Theon receives a visitor and holds down the fort. Arya calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him. Robb is betrayed. Tyrion and Varys find common ground. Dany ignores Jorahâ<U+0080><U+0099>s advice. Stannis and Davos approach their destination, and Davos is offered a reward."In Eight, Asha comes to Winterfell and abandons him. We don't have 10 yet, and 9 is simply about KL.  I suspect that the release of Jaime will actually be in 10, along with the reveal of Bran and Rickon.
1308	gogorath	2012-05-04	Error Post.
					
					
							Edited by gogorath, 04 May 2012 - 01:28 PM.
1309	The Monkey	2012-05-04	I'd love if Arya's surprise visitor is Nymeria. Either "visitor" in the abstract sense of Arya visiting Nymeria through her first warg dream, or with her spotting her close to Harrenhall somehow.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 04 May 2012 - 02:00 PM.
1310	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-05-04	In Eight, Asha comes to Winterfell and abandons him.Yara
1311	Maroucia	2012-05-04	Since people are getting confused... In Episode Six, Theon completes his master stroke. In Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, the Lannisters send Myrcella from harmâ<U+0080><U+0099>s way in the nick of time. Arya comes face to face with a surprise visitor; Dany vows to take what is hers; Robb and Catelyn receive crucial news; Qhorin gives Jon a chance to prove himself.So, it's just receiving "crucial news" which I think we all know is about Theon's "master stroke."In Episode Seven, we get "Jaime meets a distant relative; Dany receives an invitation to the House of the Undying; Theon leads a search party; Jon loses his way in the wilderness; Cersei counsels Sansa."So Theon is hunting Bran and Rickon in Episode 7.  Given the title of the episode is about Jaime and the distant relative, I wonder if this relative is either Jeyne or merely Alton Lannister, who tries to free him.  Either way, it could be a real freeing, but I don't think B&R will be "dead" until the end of the episode.  In Epsiode Eight, "At Winterfell, Theon receives a visitor and holds down the fort. Arya calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him. Robb is betrayed. Tyrion and Varys find common ground. Dany ignores Jorahâ<U+0080><U+0099>s advice. Stannis and Davos approach their destination, and Davos is offered a reward."In Eight, Asha comes to Winterfell and abandons him.We don't have 10 yet, and 9 is simply about KL.  I suspect that the release of Jaime will actually be in 10, along with the reveal of Bran and Rickon.Where did you get all these episode descriptions?
1312	ripps	2012-05-04	Number 10 I think is pyat pree stealing one of danys dragons.
1313	Died a Hero	2012-05-04	They can't really cut Ramsey can they he's kind of major later on...You mean like the Reeds? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1314	NickSnow	2012-05-04	I put this in the discussion on ep5, but it belongs here, really:I think the scene in the House of the Undying will be that Dany goes in, they cut to a different scene, (preferably Jon, blue rose and all that). Cut back to Quarth, Dany comes stumbling out, Pyat Pree goes mental, Jorah cuts him down. Later she recounts what she saw. The scene is too trippy for viewers to make sense of anyway, it would be like a David Lynch movie.NOOO!!!The Undying scene was one of the most visually amazing scenes in the book. It was one scene where I thought "wow, this is going to be amazing on screen".  I will be very let down if this happens.
1315	The Monkey	2012-05-04	NOOO!!!The Undying scene was one of the most visually amazing scenes in the book. It was one scene where I thought "wow, this is going to be amazing on screen".  I will be very let down if this happens.I was also thinking about the screen adaptation when reading the House of the Undying chapter. It's made to be shown on TV, and I think HBO is capable of pulling off the visual complexity as well as the metaphorical subtleties.
1316	SerMixalot	2012-05-04	i dontknow, HBOseems to have avoided the prophecies and dreams from the book, we shall see
1317	Arkash	2012-05-04	I expect something low, basic and totally reduced for the HotuH, so I wont be disapointed in the end and could only be happy about it.
1318	ashagreyjoys	2012-05-04	We can strike Melisandre off for 7. She isn't in this episode. Carice said she was only in episodes 1, 2, 4 and 7.
1319	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-04	Theon could meet Ramsay at the dreadfort much later. Or he could be tortured by an unnamed jailer.
1320	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-05	We can strike Melisandre off for 7. She isn't in this episode. Carice said she was only in episodes 1, 2, 4 and 7.Actually, she said episode 10 not 7 . Which means we won't see her again until the finale .
1321	madman2711	2012-05-05	It makes sense somehow as she is left at dragonstone as the fleet goes for blackwater
1322	Arkash	2012-05-05	Liam Cunnigham said once something about Melisandre imprisoning him, so I guess episode 10 will end up, for Davos, at least, with hi mretunring to Dragonstone, planning to kill Melisandre after the death of his son and she'll get him. It is a storyarc ending I like: Davos thrown in the cells and quite some Melisandre hatred on the Unsullied boards until next season.
1323	Sun	2012-05-05	In Epsiode Eight, "At Winterfell, Theon receives a visitor and holds down the fort. Arya calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him. Robb is betrayed. Tyrion and Varys find common ground. Dany ignores Jorahâ<U+0080><U+0099>s advice. Stannis and Davos approach their destination, and Davos is offered a reward."Jaime's released by Cat in ep 8, and we see him on the run with Brienne in ep 10. The synopsis for episode 10 is up on spoiler TV - http://www.spoilertv...-210-valar.htmlEpisode #20: â<U+0080><U+009C>Valar Morghulisâ<U+0080><U+009D>: Tyrion awakens to a changed situation. King Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects. As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; Jon proves himself to Qhorin. (Written by David Benioff and D.B. Weiss; directed by Alan Taylor.)So, it also looks like Dany's visit to the HOTU is in the finale.
1324	oierem	2012-05-05	Liam Cunnigham said once something about Melisandre imprisoning him, so I guess episode 10 will end up, for Davos, at least, with hi mretunring to Dragonstone, planning to kill Melisandre after the death of his son and she'll get him. It is a storyarc ending I like: Davos thrown in the cells and quite some Melisandre hatred on the Unsullied boards until next season.It's a good ending, but it also means less Stannis/Davos storyline left from ASOS. (which makes me wonder: what are those characters going to do next season?)
1325	Arkash	2012-05-05	http://asoiaf.wester...fo/page__st__60We're discussing the news about episode 10 here, folks!
1326	Dornish Bannerman	2012-05-05	On a different note, how are they planning on concealing Barristan's identity? Or are they not going to try at all?
1327	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-05	Quite a few spoilerific reports seem to suggest that Roose dispenses his "bastard at the Dreadfort to retake Winterfell," which, if true, pleases me to no end. 
There's also a little something about Tywin and his cupbearer bonding over... reading. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1328	House Snow	2012-05-05	On a different note, how are they planning on concealing Barristan's identity? Or are they not going to try at all?I suspect they will push this storyline until next season.  The synopsis for episode ten makes it sound like the 2nd season will end a little short of the book.  Sort of gives them an out for holding off casting of Reek/Reeds and having to pay actors who return to the story.  Whether they hide Barristan identity, who knows.  Its a far easier thing to do in the book.
1329	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-05	Its a far easier thing to do in the book.I'm pretty sure that with no much effort they can conceal him in the show too. The minor role of sir Barristan in the first season pretty much guarantees that the majority of the viewers will not recognize him even if Arstan ends up with no beard. Time was their ally in this thing.
1330	Weles	2012-05-05	Quite a few spoilerific reports seem to suggest that Roose dispenses his "bastard at the Dreadfort to retake Winterfell," which, if true, pleases me to no end.There's also a little something about Tywin and his cupbearer bonding over... reading. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Ooh! Where did you hear/read that? If they keep Ramsay I'll be very pleased. The contrast between Roose and Ramsay could be kept out of the show through merging the characters without monstrous plot consequences, but I find both characters and their differences very fascinating so I'll be very glad if they keep Ramsay. Also Roose has to attend the RW. A massacre wedding is a dull affair without at least one Bolton. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1331	madman2711	2012-05-05	I see that most aren't interested in ygritte first appearence in the series, she is a scotish hottie actress
I hope that next season jon might be a little more relaxed as his virginity goes away
You know nothing, Jon Snow
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 05 May 2012 - 08:33 AM.
1332	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-05	I see that most aren't interested in ygritteI hope that next season jon might be a little more relaxed as his virginity goes awayYou know nothing Jon SnowI can't help but wonder if they'll show those immensely intimate scenes where he, uh... kisses the fire? Now that would be pornographic. I can't see it happening /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Regarding Arstan, has Ian McElhinney been confirmed to star this season? His IMDb page certainly suggests not.
1333	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-05	Jaime's released by Cat in ep 8, and we see him on the run with Brienne in ep 10.The synopsis for episode 10 is up on spoiler TV - http://www.spoilertv...-210-valar.htmlSo, it also looks like Dany's visit to the House of the Undying is in the finale.During an interview with the actress, she said that fans of the book â<U+0080><U+009C>will not be disappointedâ<U+0080><U+009D> by what eventually happens with Dany  this season. I took that to mean that her visit to the dead warlocks who lie dreaming in their House of Dust will be very satisfying for us readers. This bodes well, I wager. Think of all the CGI, and the myriad scenes of wonder she beholds.And Rhaegar!
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 05 May 2012 - 09:41 AM.
1334	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-05	I suspect they will push this storyline until next season.  The synopsis for episode ten makes it sound like the 2nd season will end a little short of the book.  Sort of gives them an out for holding off casting of Reek/Reeds and having to pay actors who return to the story.  Whether they hide Barristan identity, who knows.  Its a far easier thing to do in the book.Sounds like they already have a lot to do with the last episode.  And Ser Barristan returning seems more like a season opener than a finale.But who else would be returning?
1335	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-05	It's a good ending, but it also means less Stannis/Davos storyline left from ASOS. (which makes me wonder: what are those characters going to do next season?)Excellent question.I think that, as both Brian Sibley first found with his radio adapation of The Lord of the Rings, and as Peter Jackson discovered so much later with his cinematic adaption, having entire episodes where you donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see one set of major characters at all just doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work out.  Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an edit of The Lord of the Rings films that restores Tolkienâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ordering, and those whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen it say it doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work as well on screen without intercutting.I imagine the same will be found to apply to A Song of Ice and Fire. My concern is that some of the story arcs just arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t rich enough in narrative to allow for suffiicient intercutting to keep us in touch with the characters.  Both Aryaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s and Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seem a little thin, for example. There just isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t all that much happening.  Other story lines have similar troubles. I am quite interested to see what the shorrunners shall do with this conundrum.
1336	House Snow	2012-05-05	^  Thats probably why we aren't seeing Arrastan, Reek, Reeds yet(besides having to pay them).  Bran, Theon, and Dany have relatively less to do than Arya/Robb/Cately/Jaime/Kinglanding people next season.  The introduction/reintroduction can give  more screen time.
As for who else is returning in futeure seasons.  I forget, but when does Illyn Payne come back in the story.  Also Berric Dondarion sounds like he will be back since they mentioned the brotherhood.
1337	Arkash	2012-05-05	I wish they'd mention Dondarrion's name in this episode...
And isnt Alliser Thorne still waiting in the Red Keep to show the (now useless) hand ?
1338	zippypoodle	2012-05-05	Not way beyond; we know that Nymeria's pack is loose in the Riverlands, and that she eventually saves Arya when she escapes Harrenhall. Arya also encounters a wolf in the woods while she's off taking a piss in the middle of the night; as long as they don't linger on it, I don't think it's that big of a stretch if Arya should have a chance encounter with Nymeria.I agree with you. Arya meeting Nymeria would be a huge change from the novel only for the most stubborn of book purists. I hope it happens.
1339	zippypoodle	2012-05-05	Sadly I believe it is extremely likely this will happen, based on the evidence I will list after.1. Roose will go to Winterfell.2. Roose will betray the Northmen from Winterfell who think they are teaming up to retake the stronghold.3. Theon will allow Roose inside Winterfell after seeing him kill the other Northmen.4. Roose burns Winterfell.Watch the 2x06 promo, Robb says "I'll take his head myself." It quickly cuts to Catelyn, yet the face he is looking at when he says it is not her, it is Roose. It is a man with short, black/gray hair.Roose probably suggets "I'll go north to take Winterfell and deal with Theon/Ironmen." Robb responds "I'll take his head myself." At this point Catelyn probably says something like "Your men need you here to lead them", and Roose concurs. You set forth a plausible theory and I wouldn't be shocked if it plays out that way.  However, I still find it highly unlikely given this description of episode 8 from elsewhere on this site: At Winterfell, Theon receives a visitor and holds down the fort. Arya calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him. Robb is betrayed. Tyrion and Varys find common ground. Dany ignores Jorahâ<U+0080><U+0099>s advice. Stannis and Davos approach their destination, and Davos is offered a reward.Based on this I am almost positive they are doing the weasel stew storyline, with Arya naming Jaqen as her third name to force him to help her. Roose Bolton will take Harrenhall with Arya's help. Therefore he can't be in Winterfell.
1340	zippypoodle	2012-05-05	They also could bring the red wedding in episode 10, so  Bolton can kill Robb and let him sack Winterfell afterwardsMaybe Walder Frey will take Winterfell to punish Robb for marrying Jeyne Whoever and they will move the Red Wedding to Winterfell after which Theon will sack Winterfell and flay Roose Bolton.
1341	zippypoodle	2012-05-05	If 7. is Osha i may give up on the show altogether, i think its going past the point of redemption now.That's the dumbest thing I've read all day.Here's my take on the ten teasers:1. "I need fighters, not kitchen sluts!"Probably Theon to Osha.2. Theon (Alfie Allen) makes a shocking decision - is he beyond redemption?The taking of Winterfell by Theon.3. "Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it." Probably Theon to Osha again. Or Tywin to Arya? She could say something out of turn during a strategy session.4. Do not mess with The Hound.His actions during the riot. I'm sure he'll save Sansa and messily kill a few people (hopefully including those who use the obnoxious term "shipping")5. "Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you."Ygritee, right before Jon fails at executing her.6. Rose Leslie makes her debut as Ygritte, a Wilding who might spell trouble for Jon (Kit Harington).self-explanatory7. "I'm no ordinary woman - my dreams come true!"Maybe Osha to Bran, which would as others suggest further reduce the chances of seeing the Reeds. I know I'm in the minority on this, but I hope that they cut the Reeds because Jojen is a character I loathe. Not love to loathe like Joffrey, just plain out loathe and wish he wasn't in the novel at all.8. There's a brilliant moment involving Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) and some cow dung.Again, during the riot, which confirms it happens this episode.9. "Kill them - kill them all!"Joff to the Hound right before and/or during the riot? I bet he gets dung flung at him, then orders his small cadre of guards to kill all the peasants, which then starts the riot. Possibly Cat/Robb as an echo of the scene from last year, only saying that he now intends to kill all the Ironborn in addition to all the Lannisters.10. Someone's light fingers spell trouble for Daenerys (Emilia Clarke).They set this up last episode with Dany forbidding stealing, but her khalasar will do it anyway.
					
					
							Edited by zippypoodle, 05 May 2012 - 03:30 PM.
1342	SerMixalot	2012-05-05	btw who was that woman that robb met helping the wounded at the beginning of the last epi, I couldnt catch her name
1343	greatgeek	2012-05-05	btw who was that woman that robb met helping the wounded at the beginning of the last epi, I couldnt catch her nameTalisa from Volantis(Jeyne Westerling)
					
					
							Edited by greatgeek, 05 May 2012 - 05:59 PM.
1344	boojam	2012-05-05	Will Dany ever mention the names of the dragons?
1345	boojam	2012-05-05	I wish they'd mention Dondarrion's name in this episode...And isnt Alliser Thorne still waiting in the Red Keep to show the (now useless) hand ?That character is in a all the books , not in a big way, but he sure has vanished.
1346	Arkash	2012-05-05	Yeah, I know, that was a rethoric question! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> 
Seems the show will skip him in this season.
As for Dany, I agree, time she names the dragons in the show !
1347	Weles	2012-05-06	Shouldn't Tyrion be ordering his giant chain next episode? I hope they don't reveal his plans too clearly but keep them a bit cryptic, makes for a better battle.
1348	madman2711	2012-05-06	I think the chain will be a surprise but i wont mind if they pass by a giant chain laying around the port when sending myrcella away just as a easteregg
1349	Fengari	2012-05-06	I think the chain will be a surprise but i wont mind if they pass by a giant chain laying around the port when sending myrcella away just as a eastereggI think they need to show the chain is Tyrion's genious plan, not something that was always there as a defense mechanism. Of course, they could mention that somewhere in the aftermath.
1350	Helyn Snow	2012-05-06	The Reeds will be cut, I'm sure of it now...But I'm ready to bet Ramsay will appear next season and we'll have some scenes at the Dreadfort with him and Theon.I hope you're right because we need Ramsey. Other people have suggested that Roose will fulfill this role, but in order for the true shock of the red wedding, Roose has to appear to be on Robb's side until then, and having an unruly natural son causing havoc on his own allows the audience to have the impression Roose doesn't condone Ramsey's behaviour, and is still on Robb's side.
1351	EddardStarkForever	2012-05-06	Erm.... whats HotuH? I thought it was House of the Undying at first but it can't be... Any help? I HATE anacronysms. You see, I can't even spell them right!!! /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
1352	Helyn Snow	2012-05-06	Sending Roose north seriously screws up Arya's plotline, doesn't it?  And it'll also seriously screw up Jaime's plotline next season.Yes, I want my Hot Weasel Soup... And I want my Reek!
1353	Helyn Snow	2012-05-06	Yeah, there will be several cliffhangers between the seasons like Bran and Rickon dead, Tyrion getting hacked and passing out on the Blackwater. ANy others?That's another question I have - who's taking over from Ser Mandon Moore? Are they going to make Meryn Trant try and kill Tyrion instead?
1354	DirtyRobes	2012-05-06	I think they need to show the chain is Tyrion's genious plan, not something that was always there as a defense mechanism. Of course, they could mention that somewhere in the aftermath.Couldn't agree more, I was really disappointed we didn't get a short scene where Tyrion is walking down that blacksmith street(cant remember its name) and ordering, atleast someone, to start making the rings. I loved that scene in the books cause you knew Tyrion was upto something awesome but (atleast I) had no idea what it was yet. Really wanted to see that scene after he arrived at King Landing, thought it would have made a great WTF moment for non-book viewers to discuss.Still Hopeful Tyrion gets props for it and its not just a part of KL's defense system.Also Davo's needs to mention, 'those towers didn't used to be there, they look like defense towers' I believe he says something like that. But that also begs the question, with Davo's now in charge of Stannis' naval fleet, is it His bad decision that results in their annihilation at Blackwater Bay?
					
					
							Edited by DirtyRobes, 06 May 2012 - 09:19 AM.
1355	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-06	It could be cut, since it still has little significance (all though most readers believe it will be significant).This mad reader certainly thinks it /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  I also fully believe that the broken horn in the stash is the real Horn of Winter - but that's just me....  It will certainly be interesting to see if they include the 'find' this season.  One of the things that bothers me slightly as a book-reader, is that George has told D&D how the tale ends, and so they will be incorporating what is necessary and perhaps leaving out what isn't.  This could have a somewhat deflating effect on we book-readers and all our favourite theories.  Almost like WE are now subject to a different set of spoilers.
1356	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-06	That's another question I have - who's taking over from Ser Mandon Moore? Are they going to make Meryn Trant try and kill Tyrion instead?I think that's likely, Joanna - as Meryn is shaping up to be the convenient all-round baddie of the KG who does all the dirty work for Cersei and Joff.
1357	Francis Buck	2012-05-06	Apparently Natalia Tena (Osha) gets very, very naked tonight. I won't say I'm not looking forward to it.
1358	madman2711	2012-05-06	Osha naked <U+00F0><U+009F>2<U+00F0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091>that would be ugly nekedness (in the book at least) and i think that only hodor, hodor would be the one who could benefit of such moment (or osha taking advantage of hodor, hodor as he has giant genes)
I realy hope that Tyrion rhinoplasty wont be as bad as in the book and i realy think that bronn will be his savior not podrik
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 06 May 2012 - 10:58 AM.
1359	Arkash	2012-05-06	I think they'll skip the KG attacking Tyrion, it is not irrelevant to the story and they will not cut Tyrion's nose, so i dont think we'll have it...
Osha's taking the part of Kyra isnt surprising, yes... during season 1, I thought Ros was Kyra! ^^
1360	madman2711	2012-05-06	Tyrion doesnt get a permanent nose shavecut 
What kind of socery is this? 
Are you sure of this as the ep 10 suggests that tyrion "wakes up" to find KL is changed
1361	IronSuitor	2012-05-06	Tyrion doesnt get a permanent nose shavecutWhat kind of socery is this?Are you sure of this as the ep 10 suggests that tyrion "wakes up" to find KL is changedHe might get a head wound of some kind, but that's a lot of makeup to make your star actor wear for the next 6 years.A man is finally discovering what it's like to have your mostly insignificant but inexplicably favorite characters potentially cut from the show. I hope they at least hint at Balon Swann this episode. Really, he could be played by a particularly badass looking extra the entire show.As to the whole Roose vs Ramsay issue, are we sure that Arya's "unexpected visitor" in the episode description isn't Roose?Also, on the HBO viewers site the quote under Roose is Robb saying "He's good at skinning men alive, but diplomacy?" This would lead me to believe he's sent on a diplomatic mission (Harrenhall? Winterfell?) and ends up "pulling a Roose" and killing everyone/ taking over. This would be consistent storyline wise with either Roose meeting up with Arya at Harrenhall or taking Ramsay's place at Winterfell. Plus, an overzealous diplomatic mission doesn't necessarily establish Roose as anti-Stark, just far more ruthless than he is loyal.
1362	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-06	He might get a head wound of some kind, but that's a lot of makeup to make your star actor wear for the next 6 years.A man is finally discovering what it's like to have your mostly insignificant but inexplicably favorite characters potentially cut from the show. I hope they at least hint at Balon Swann this episode. Really, he could be played by a particularly badass looking extra the entire show.As to the whole Roose vs Ramsay issue, are we sure that Arya's "unexpected visitor" in the episode description isn't Roose?Also, on the HBO viewers site the quote under Roose is Robb saying "He's good at skinning men alive, but diplomacy?" This would lead me to believe he's sent on a diplomatic mission (Harrenhall? Winterfell?) and ends up "pulling a Roose" and killing everyone/ taking over. This would be consistent storyline wise with either Roose meeting up with Arya at Harrenhall or taking Ramsay's place at Winterfell.Plus, an overzealous diplomatic mission doesn't necessarily establish Roose as anti-Stark, just far more ruthless than he is loyal.I saw a photo still of the episode . It's Littlefinger and the background looks like Harrenhal.
1363	IronSuitor	2012-05-06	I saw a photo still of the episode . It's Littlefinger and the background looks like Harrenhal.Well there ya go. If true I'm much more sure about the idea of Roose being sent to negotiate with Theon and then effing him up. Littlefinger will be continuing his Martell + Lannister scheming, I suppose.
1364	ckal	2012-05-06	Do we know if Barristan is going to make an appearance this season? Mormonts remarks made his arrival sound imminent and I was sure if we even knew if the actor had been brought back for this season.I expect to see Barristan this season, episode 10 most likely. From the preview it seems like myrcella in the show will be different from myrcella in the books.IMDb does not have the actor listed in any episodes for season 2, although it may just be too early for that.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0568400/
1365	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-06	Well there ya go. If true I'm much more sure about the idea of Roose being sent to negotiate with Theon and then effing him up.Littlefinger will be continuing his Martell + Lannister scheming, I suppose.You mean Tyrell, right ? Still this doesn't rule out Roose going to Harrenhal .
1366	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-06	IMDb does not have the actor listed in any episodes for season 2, although it may just be too early for that.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0568400/Remember that IMDb is the site that listed Gerald Butler as Stannis last year so I do not put much faith in them .
1367	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-06	That's another question I have - who's taking over from Ser Mandon Moore? Are they going to make Meryn Trant try and kill Tyrion instead?Likely.
1368	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-06	Well there ya go. If true I'm much more sure about the idea of Roose being sent to negotiate with Theon and then effing him up.Littlefinger will be continuing his Martell + Lannister scheming, I suppose.Eh, I doubt Roose is going to be sent to "negotiate" with Theon. Robb wants his head, and he's out for blood.I'm much more hopeful that the rumours of Roose "dispensing his bastard from the Dreadfort to retake Winterfell" are true. The end result of that would be one hell of a twist for TV viewers. Because, you know... northern bastards are all nice and cool, like Jon Snow. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1369	Sun	2012-05-06	AICN has some very mild spoilers for tonight http://www.aintitcool.com/node/55505
1370	iheartseverus	2012-05-06	This is a juicy hint from Examiner.com:
	Spoiler Game of Thrones on HBO episode 6 will introduce yet another new character, one who will have a famous catch-phrase that will have the book fans saying from here on out.
Intriguing...wonder if new means newly invented for the HBO adaptation, or just new this season, but already there in the books.  And, what phrase?ETA:  Well, crap!  I just realized--its Ygritte, of course, with her 'You know nothing, Jon Snow.'
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 06 May 2012 - 03:16 PM.
1371	House Snow	2012-05-06	^ Thats Ygritte.
1372	IronSuitor	2012-05-06	Eh, I doubt Roose is going to be sent to "negotiate" with Theon. Robb wants his head, and he's out for blood.I'm much more hopeful that the rumours of Roose "dispensing his bastard from the Dreadfort to retake Winterfell" are true. The end result of that would be one hell of a twist for TV viewers. Because, you know... northern bastards are all nice and cool, like Jon Snow. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I don't think we can say how show Robb feels yet. To be sure, if Robb knows that "Bran and Rickon" are dead, then there's no negotiating. If not, there's some room in the plot.What rumors are these? I'm not looking forward to Ramsay being left out by any means.Intriguing...wonder if new means newly invented for the HBO adaptation, or just new this season, but already there in the books. And, what phrase?Crap, now I'm just gonna be wondering all day.Edit: Oh, Ygritte, right.
					
					
							Edited by IronSuitor, 06 May 2012 - 03:17 PM.
1373	iheartseverus	2012-05-06	Here's TV Guide's preview:http://www.tvguide.c...up-1046958.aspx
1374	julandro	2012-05-06	Please. I want to see a scene between Lancel and Cersei!
1375	HouseLancaster	2012-05-06	I saw a photo still of the episode . It's Littlefinger and the background looks like Harrenhal.This makes sense, as there is no one else book wise that Arya knows who visits Harrenhal, plus I read another preview saying Arya struggles to keep her identity secret. How the hell will this go down.Osha naked, this is some nakedness I can get on board with - 'actual' characters who do the business in the books not just whore houses.
1376	Greyjoy67	2012-05-06	Please. I want to see a scene between Lancel and Cersei!I know you're probably a great fan of Lancel, but screen time has been quite generous to his character so far this season...
1377	Seed	2012-05-06	I don't think the Sack of Winterfell will happen this episode, it's still a tad bit too early.  I think the episode 'A Man Without Honor' will be Theon-centric and will show the sack.  This episode will be all about Ygritte, and the KL riots.  Possibly Dany doing nothing, as usual.
1378	House Snow	2012-05-06	^  If it is LF, it would be doubly interesting but it would suggest LF wasn't lying when he told Cat he knew where Arya was.
1379	julandro	2012-05-06	I know you're probably a great fan of Lancel, but screen time has been quite generous to his character so far this season...I know you're probably a great fan of Lancel, but screen time has been quite generous to his character so far this season...I really disappointed. I'm bored of seeing the prostitute Ros ZZZZzzzzzz
1380	Seed	2012-05-06	As for Ramsay, I could do with no appearance from him this season, but I would be highly disappointed if HBO would decide that only one Bolton is enough. Not true. We need both Boltons! Ramsay is a real psycho and I would never want to meet him in a million years, but he is definitely the poster child for characters you love to hate. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m disgusted by him, but I still want to read about him. His death is going to be such a relief; I want to live it two times, on paper and on screen. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Best post ever.
1381	madman2711	2012-05-06	You know nothing (about tonight episode) 
LF probably camed to harrenhal to take possesion of his new domain or to bring Tywin back for the Blackwater
1382	The Monkey	2012-05-06	Here's TV Guide's preview:http://www.tvguide.c...up-1046958.aspxBut as usual, my heart belongs to adorable Arya Stark, who bonds with brutal Tywin Lannister over the importance of reading while staving off several close calls at exposing her secret identity. I can't believe we're already past the halfway point of this bustling season.Hmm, maybe she almost revealed to Tywin that she can read, which would imply she's high-born.
1383	Titus Pullo	2012-05-06	It's long about time for some Ranger badassiness, Seal Team 6 style. ... Here's hoping Jon & Stonesnake's ambush/assault on the beacon outpost is filmed well and particularly gruesome."They'll have a horn," said Stonesnake.The Halfhand said, "A horn they must not blow."
1384	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-06	A man without honor refers to Jaime.
Theon will take Winterfell tonight.
1385	Crown	2012-05-06	I fucking hate it. I need to wait till tomorrow. Why don't I live in the fucking USA?!
1386	iheartseverus	2012-05-06	I fucking hate it. I need to wait till tomorrow. Why don't I live in the fucking USA?!Well, you could just fly over here from...wherever, every weekend and hang out with us here.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1387	Sun	2012-05-06	Just saw a spoiler for tonight that would constitute a diversion from the book. If it turns out to be true - there's every chance it's not - I expect to see some disgruntled book readers tomorrow.
I'm excited. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2012 - 05:42 PM.
1388	iheartseverus	2012-05-06	Just saw a spoiler for tonight that would constitute a diversion from the book. If it turns out to be true - there's every chance it's not - I expect to see some disgruntled book readers tomorrow.I'm excited. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />So, put it in spoiler tags and post it--inquiring minds want to know!
1389	Crown	2012-05-06	Well, you could just fly over here from...wherever, every weekend and hang out with us here.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I wish I could.
1390	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-06	So, put it in spoiler tags and post it--inquiring minds want to know!
	Spoiler Apparently Irri might die.
1391	Crown	2012-05-06	Spoiler Apparently Irri might die.

	Spoiler I think we already had those rumors before and accepted it, she'll die instead of gorgeous Doreah.
1392	House Snow	2012-05-06	^ Would it even matter if that happened?  Not writing specifics b/c I don't see a spoiler tag option.
1393	STANN1SBARATHEON	2012-05-06	how many people are wondering if they'll cut out the bastard of bolton completely, and just have roose show up and sack winterfell after theon and his ironmen take it from bran?  i mean, they already got rid of the reeds and big and little walder, and countless other characters, while inventing new ones like the whore ross who i don't care about at all (am i the only one?) so who's to say they won't exclude the bastard as well.  which is a shame because instead of scenes like littlefinger soothing his whores or joeffry torching his namesday present, i would have liked to see a harvest feast scene at winterfell, we could have met lady hornwood and set up her character (then we can hear later on from ser rodrik or something about how the bastard married her and locked her in a tower and she ate her own fingers) their conversation at the feast would have been our introduction to the bastard of bolton, hearing the crazy sh** him and the first reek have been up to, and it would have been when we first meet jojen and meera reed, who would have re-sworn the fealty of Greywater Watch to the king in the north, it would have made for a chillingly good scene because it would have been the first time we hear the phrase "with ice and fire", when they swear their fealty in front of Bran in the great hall."I swear it by earth and water," said the boy in green.  "I swear it by bronze and iron," said his sister.  "We swear it by ice and fire," they finished together."But i know, i know, they couldn't film all that stuff, they couldn't cast all those characters, timetables and budget constraints, show-business, i know, i know, (lol, i feel like patchface)
1394	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-06	^ Would it even matter if that happened?  Not writing specifics b/c I don't see a spoiler tag option.
	Spoiler Probably not. I mean, I wouldn't really care, since Doreah's presence pretty much renders her role as "standard handmaiden with a catchphrase" a little moot anyway.
Just type [ spoiler]Your Text Here[/spoiler] without the first space and the brackets should work.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 06 May 2012 - 06:14 PM.
1395	House Snow	2012-05-06	I mean people have to be realistic the show isnt going to
	Spoiler aren't going to pay two handmaidens who have to be with Dany every scene, one of whom does almost nothing.  So it makes logistical sense to kill her.  Plus I'm sure the actress doen't want to stick around to have one line and probably get paid near nothing.  I think this is an aspect of the show people don't appreciate and why minor characters we saw in season one aren't in season two, i.e. Greatjon etc.  Look what happened to rarahko and the mountain-they basicallly left the show high and dry

					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 06 May 2012 - 06:21 PM.
1396	Superior Glokta	2012-05-06	Looking forward to Ygritte, hoping we get at least one of these:
"You know nothing Jon Snow"
1397	Titus Pullo	2012-05-06	I think Irri is adorable...     if true, me will miss herz...
1398	iheartseverus	2012-05-06	Looking forward to Ygritte, hoping we get at least one of these:"You know nothing Jon Snow"And I'm hoping we get ONLY one.  The eight hundred million we got in the books was maddening.  I was praying he'd kill her just to make her stop saying that!
1399	House Snow	2012-05-06	you know nothing Iheartsevrus
1400	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-06	In a book you can keep all the extraneous peripheral characters around since it doesn't cost you anything.  In a TV show if the character is not important you don't keep them around because every one you keep around is the opportunity cost of another character not being available, since the budget is limited.
1401	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-06	And I'm hoping we get ONLY one.  The eight hundred million we got in the books was maddening.  I was praying he'd kill her just to make her stop saying that!Although Jon himself says he remembered her saying it to him 100 times, we got it only 32 times.  Be thankful, I say.Sometimes it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even from her.  Of those 32 times, we heard it 19 times before or as she died, and 13 times after she died.  Sometimes it is Jon construing what she might have said in this or that situation. And once, rather spookily, it was from Melisandre.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 06 May 2012 - 06:52 PM.
1402	Sun	2012-05-06	^ Would it even matter if that happened?  Not writing specifics b/c I don't see a spoiler tag option.Well no, not really.
	Spoiler  Irri really doesn't do much in the books, and she's superfluous in the show, but that never stopped people from complaining 
 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 06 May 2012 - 06:52 PM.
1403	iheartseverus	2012-05-06	you know nothing Iheartsevrus /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />    /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1404	ckal	2012-05-06	A man without honor refers to Jaime.Theon will take Winterfell tonight.Yeah 'A Man Without Honor' is ep. 7 and an interview with NCW (the actor who plays Jaime) stated that episode 7 is his favorite. I'm sure we'll see him do some cool stuff there.
1405	Currawong	2012-05-06	I fucking hate it. I need to wait till tomorrow. Why don't I live in the fucking USA?!Count yourself lucky - in Australia we have to wait nine days!  This Tuesday we get Episode 5.
1406	J_Crews	2012-05-06	8 minutes, folks.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1407	LadyBrightheart	2012-05-06	6 Now!!! So excited. I really don't want to hear Ygritte say "you know nothing Jon Snow" about a million times though, as someone before mentioned, though.
1408	Crown	2012-05-06	Count yourself lucky - in Australia we have to wait nine days!  This Tuesday we get Episode 5.I need to download it the day after, it's not like I can watch it on TV tomorrow.
1409	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-06	i love bein right.. told yall to be patient and wait for ramsey.. complainers
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 06 May 2012 - 08:54 PM.
1410	zippypoodle	2012-05-06	There. We can put all the Roose-goes-North theories to bed.
1411	Crown	2012-05-07	I'm so excited to watch the episode myself this afternoon. Download, hurry the fuck up!
1412	Cat Stormborn	2012-06-06	That already happened in last nights' episode.Aha, see I'm from Australia, so I'm a bit behind everyone else /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Finally finished the season, but now I can't even remember how the title came about!
1413	TormundGiantsbane	2012-05-07	With Bran and Rickon on the lam, only accompanied by Hodor and Osha, and no Jojen or Meera. Who is going to accompany who, once Bran and Rickon's roads split?
Hodor is of course going with Bran, but Hodor not being much of a talker, how is Bran going to share his thoughts as he journeys north? Osha seems more connected to Bran and I am guessing she will play that part, but then who will take care of little Rickon?
Disclaimer: I love the deviations. Little things like this allow even us book readers to be surprised and speculate.
1414	KC_Accidental	2012-05-12	I think Jojen and Meera will be introduced next season, meeting Bran and co on the road under the pretence of their father sending them to help once he heard what happened to Winterfell. Howland or Jojen will have had green dreams telling them Bran and Rickon are still alive. So I think it will work out the same as the books. 
If not then another possibility is that Maester Luwin survives and goes with Rickon, maybe to die later when Davos comes along. I agree though, I can't see it being just Hodor and Bran.
1415	Strider	2012-05-13	Jojen and Meera seem superfluous, given the development of Osha's character.  She knows the North.  She knows the stories.  She can well serve as guide to Bran.  Introducing two new characters seems unnecessary.
I agree that Luwin would be a good choice as Rickon's companion.  Rickon will be in good hands.  There's no need to kill off Luwin just to conform to the book.  We won't see his character again for years.
1416	superdeluxe	2012-05-15	Maybe the group stays together for awhile, and pick up Meera on the way
1417	Lady Olenna	2012-05-23	Quick question: If Luwin survives in the show series does that give any hint that perhaps he didn't die in the books? I always assumed OSHA gave him the gift of mercy but maybe not?
1418	Michaelj	2012-05-08	I don't think he's Ramsay Snow, as hes way too old to be him. However I do believe that hes secretely siding with Ramsay Snow, perhaps. He's taken the role of "Reek" it seems from the books, advising Theon what to do, to make the wrong decisions. I believe he is simply way too salty and experienced to not realise that if he captures Winterfell, then it'll fall some day and he'd die. I believe he has an utter motive. So yes, I believe he will be the one to go find some soldiers and then in episode 10, he'll gain Theon's trust and attack Winterfell. Yes, he's going off course from the Dagmer in the books, but so what? (Doesn't he tell Davos about Rickon? If he died in Winterfell, he wouldn't be able to do this anyway)
Ontop of this, I listened to an interview with Alfie. He said that he hadn't seen all the episodes but the actor who played Dagmer said episode 10 was the most amazing scene in which Theon and him participated in, with loads of fire. I can only think of one thing, Winterfell. I can't imagine some other people from the Dreadfort gaining Theon's trust, so their has to be some way. I can't imagine Ramsay gaining his trust either, since he hasn't met the guy and the Bolton's are allied with the Starks.. So it makes me think that it was Dagmer.
Thoughts?
1419	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-09	Dagmer seems loyal to Theon. He was the only one of the crew to show him any respect or attempt to bond with him in episode 5. His advice to execute Rodrick makes sense from an Ironborn POV. It wasn't a politically "wrong" decision just because it makes the audience sad. If we accept the premise that Theon is trying to hold Winterfell, some dramatic act is needed to establish his authority. The crowd and Rodrick were openly mocking him.We already know that Ramsay is going to show up. I don't think Theon will be "betrayed" at all, except by Yara refusing to send reinforcements. Ramsay will just attack and sack the castle the old-fashioned way. The "twist" at this point will be that Ramsay is not pro-Stark, and proceeds to burn the castle down
1420	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-09	I think Dagmer's "loyalty" towards Prince Theon is genuine enough. Maybe he does genuinely want Balon's last boy to fit in with the other Ironborn, and thus encourages this whole "iron price" ideal. 
I'm more inclined to think Ramsay will kill him a little later. They're enemies, they've never met, and they have no common interests that I can see at this point.
1421	House Snow	2012-05-09	Dagmer seems loyal to Theon. He was the only one of the crew to show him any respect or attempt to bond with him in episode 5. His advice to execute Rodrick makes sense from an Ironborn POV. It wasn't a politically "wrong" decision just because it makes the audience sad. If we accept the premise that Theon is trying to hold Winterfell, some dramatic act is needed to establish his authority. The crowd and Rodrick were openly mocking him.We already know that Ramsay is going to show up. I don't think Theon will be "betrayed" at all, except by Yara refusing to send reinforcements. Ramsay will just attack and sack the castle the old-fashioned way. The "twist" at this point will be that Ramsay is not pro-Stark, and proceeds to burn the castle downI suspect this will probably be true.  While the reek reversal would have been cool its not essential to do.    They could set Theons storyline up the same without it.
1422	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	I'm really not seeing where anyone is getting the whole Dagmer is not who he seems to be theme. From a few lines in which he encourages Theon to be Iron Born and kill Rodrick for spitting in his face? Or is it something i missed?
All in all I'm not particularly liking any of the Iron Born that we have been exposed to. They seem like a bunch of wimps... especially Theon's crew. Not cool. I want uber vikings!! I really hope they cast someone astoundingly brutal looking to be Victarion Greyjoy.
1423	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-09	I'm really not seeing where anyone is getting the whole Dagmer is not who he seems to be theme. From a few lines in which he encourages Theon to be Iron Born and kill Rodrick for spitting in his face? Or is it something i missed?All in all I'm not particularly liking any of the Iron Born that we have been exposed to. They seem like a bunch of wimps... especially Theon's crew. Not cool. I want uber vikings!! I really hope they cast someone astoundingly brutal looking to be Victarion Greyjoy.Dagmer is incredibly imposing and brutal.
1424	DrogonSnow23	2012-05-09	I don't know...I honestly think it is a possibe that Ramsay and Dagmer could be a "conjoined" character. The real Dagmer could have been killed long ago and Ramsay is posing as Dagmer to fool Theon. Maybe Yara/Asha will come back and tell Theon that Dagmer has been dead long ago and Theon will realize that Dagmer is actually someone else. I dunno, just a theory. Dagmer isn't too old to be Ramsay anyway...
1425	The Monkey	2012-05-09	The guy who plays Dagmer is Finchy in the original The Office, right?
1426	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-09	The guy who plays Dagmer is Finchy in the original The Office, right?Yeah, it is. Wouldn't it be just great if Ramsay pulls his helmet off to reveal Mackenzie Crook in episode ten? /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1427	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	Dagmer is incredibly imposing and brutal.ehh i could take him... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1428	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	Yeah, it is.Wouldn't it be just great if Ramsay pulls his helmet off to reveal Mackenzie Crook in episode ten? /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Fairly good choice. I give it a 6.5/10 but I like the scarecrow batman villain some people have suggested better.
1429	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-09	I don't know...I honestly think it is a possibe that Ramsay and Dagmer could be a "conjoined" character. The real Dagmer could have been killed long ago and Ramsay is posing as Dagmer to fool Theon. Maybe Yara/Asha will come back and tell Theon that Dagmer has been dead long ago and Theon will realize that Dagmer is actually someone else. I dunno, just a theory. Dagmer isn't too old to be Ramsay anyway...This makes no sense. How would Ramsay get to the Iron Islands? How would no one on the crew notice a stranger until now (it was clear that Theon's men know each other and go way back in the last episode)?And how is Roose going to communicate with his son if his son is at Winterfell with the ironmen?
1430	Terminated	2012-05-10	This Ramsay-Dagmer thing, wherever it started, has to stop, really /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />   Brienne is the Mountain, and there are actually 3 Littlefingers in Westeros (wait, that would explain a lot...)
'My bastard at the Dreadfort' is clear enough to me.
1431	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-10	Dagmar is a plot device used to fill in for Ramsey's actions before we see Ramsey in s3 and also to make the audience more sympathetic to Theon. At the end of the series he would have outgrown his usefullness and will die. The actor (finchy) guest stars in a lot of things and rarely stays in something long-time. Most characters he plays are 2D which is why he doesn't hang around more (not saying he's a bad actor but he's been typecast in these roles for a while now and also has numerous commitments to juggle). The actor will not be hanging around past this season and so cannot be Ramsey or anything but a Ramsey placeholder. They'll also have to kill him this season as there'll be no point having him for one or two episodes of s3 even if the actor can film (and they're willing to pay him) this summer. He'll die before the end of the series I'm 100% certain of that.
1432	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-10	This makes no sense. How would Ramsay get to the Iron Islands? How would no one on the crew notice a stranger until now (it was clear that Theon's men know each other and go way back in the last episode)?And how is Roose going to communicate with his son if his son is at Winterfell with the ironmen?Simple enough, alien technology. That's where Ghost was going when he left Jon Snow...to place the antenna that would allow the broadcast of Roose's information to Ramsay Cleftjaw "The Bastard of Bolton-Pyke". You may not have noticed but during the scene where Jaqen was busy and not wanting to be bothered by Arya...he was setting up the Harrenhal com-link that tied in the north of the wall antenna allowing this. I believe the man in the Winterfell courtyard belittling Theon was Edmure Tully incognito sent by Hoster to protect the Reed children who were secretly disguised as his wife in the scene (standing on each other shoulders in a dress ala The Little Rascals).
1433	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-10	I think you are all scrambling to try and cram a divergent plot back into the way the books go.
My personal theory is that Dagmer is Yara's man. She's sent him along to ensure that Theon screws up and does not gain the respect of his father, which would disinherit her. 
Dagmer has the same name as Dagmer Cleftjaw but is clearly a different character. He seems sly and mocking of Theon, not respectful and loyal. He seems like an obvious backstabber to me.
1434	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-10	ehh i could take him... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Dagmer's thrown a kettle over a pub. What have you ever done?!
					
					
							Edited by Sword of the Morning Wood, 10 May 2012 - 09:09 AM.
1435	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-10	Dagmer's thrown a kettle over a pub. What have you ever done?!Squeal, piggy, squeal...
1436	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-10	Squeal, piggy, squeal...He also has an IQ of 142
1437	sarah.jenice	2012-05-10	As others have said, it would appear that Dagmer is taking on Ramsay's role as Reek in Clash, encouraging Theon to do be a harsh ruler. 
I am very curious about how they are going to do the part with the miller's sons. There shouldn't be any way for an Ironborn man to know about that mill with boys the same ages as Bran and Rickon and have the foresight to bring Bran and Rickon's clothes to pull of that deception. I guess Theon could come up with the idea, but that doesn't really go with TV Theon's more sympathetic character. Or perhaps they come across the mill, and Dagmer suggests it to Theon, and they quickly grab clothes from the castle. 
The way I see the sack of Witnerfell turning out is (if Dagmer is not somehow Ramsay) that the Bastard of Bolton appears at the same time or shortly after the remainder of Ser Rodrick's troops and maybe other Northern allies and pretends to be there to help him but kills them all and burns the castle (just like in the book). I do think if it happens like that, we will lose some of the impact of Theon's story. Reek/Ramsay's betrayal was a big surprise to me, and I think TV viewers will be missing out, and it will be hard to explain why the Boltons turn against the Starks, but I think we still have time to work it out though. Maybe Ramsay tells Theon his father wants to be King in the North, and this will pave the way for him.
I can't wait to see how this unfolds!
1438	Kaitscralt	2012-05-10	I think Dagmer is just a new version of Dagmer. No ulterior motives. Just another sidekick in a story that already has too many sidekicks.
1439	Michaelj	2012-05-10	As others have said, it would appear that Dagmer is taking on Ramsay's role as Reek in Clash, encouraging Theon to do be a harsh ruler.I am very curious about how they are going to do the part with the miller's sons. There shouldn't be any way for an Ironborn man to know about that mill with boys the same ages as Bran and Rickon and have the foresight to bring Bran and Rickon's clothes to pull of that deception. I guess Theon could come up with the idea, but that doesn't really go with TV Theon's more sympathetic character. Or perhaps they come across the mill, and Dagmer suggests it to Theon, and they quickly grab clothes from the castle.The way I see the sack of Witnerfell turning out is (if Dagmer is not somehow Ramsay) that the Bastard of Bolton appears at the same time or shortly after the remainder of Ser Rodrick's troops and maybe other Northern allies and pretends to be there to help him but kills them all and burns the castle (just like in the book). I do think if it happens like that, we will lose some of the impact of Theon's story. Reek/Ramsay's betrayal was a big surprise to me, and I think TV viewers will be missing out, and it will be hard to explain why the Boltons turn against the Starks, but I think we still have time to work it out though. Maybe Ramsay tells Theon his father wants to be King in the North, and this will pave the way for him.I can't wait to see how this unfolds!I can imagine TV Theon doing it as it'll come into place of his pathetic personality and trying to fix errors hes made only to make more errors. I can imagine Dagmer egging him on to do it... Thats if the producers don't think that its too sick to go on TV.I still stick with my original post that I don't think that Dagmer is really as loyal as he seems. I  find it hard to believe that a veteran of 30 years Dagmer is foolish enough to believe that he can hold Winterfell without the north revolting. He may be loyal to Yara as someone stated? Possibly...We know now that they are looking for a 20-30 yr old who looks creepy and looks extreme to play an important character in season 3. We can only guess its Ramsay Snow. It makes me wonder though, how will Theon and Winterfell fall? Will it be a raid from an unknown attacker? Or will he let somebody in to Winterfell? Arggh hate not knowing whats gonna happen! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> But judging by this it seems Ramsay won't be in it this season.. We know Winterfell will fall this season at episode 10 because of Alfies interview on thronecast. (well we don't know know but we can only guess unless the producers invented something else awesome that Alfie didn't wanna mention) So thats why I spectulated that Dagmer will betray Theon to the Boltons... Then I predict he'll hand him in to Ramsay.
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 10 May 2012 - 12:28 PM.
1440	WetHair	2012-05-10	I agree that Dagmar doesn't seem quite "right", as in having Theon's best interests at heart.  But that may only be because I detest his advice as with each nod of his head Theon does something he doesn't truly want to do.  But I can't see what his ulterior motive would be.  I can't imagine he is really working for Asha.  There is no possible way he is Ramsay, even though he is taking on some of Ramsay's role.  He just seems evil to me with his nods and grins.
1441	Envie	2012-05-10	This whole thread of strange theories about Dagmer being Ramsay is really silly. Come on you guys, you're reaching just a tad bit too far here, don't you think?
Why do you really think they would need to twist the plot that much for a story that doesn't need it? Introducing Ramsay later is fine and can still give full impact of the betrayals to come. There's no need to morph Dagmer into anything more than he is. If anything, they've played up a character who was already pretty strikingly imposing in the books on his own merits. They're doing this to show the internal struggle Theon is having about betraying the Starks, and nothing more in my opinion.
In the book, we get a lot more detail about the ironborn and Theon's thoughts and conflicts. This is harder to show on television with just short scenes in episodes and so for many of the story lines they have added or embellished some of the characters to aid in the storytelling. If Theon had come up with this plan on his own, it may not have seemed as believable as having Dagmer, acting as the devil on his shoulder, encouraging it as well as 'paying the iron price' with Rodrik's death.
It's obvious to tv fans and book fans alike that Theon, for all his desire to be ironborn, just isn't measuring up. He wants Rodrik imprisoned, which is a much softer, kinder order from a Lord who has grown up among the more honorable Starks than the brutal Greyjoys. It's painfully obvious by now to most viewers that Theon's weaker character is NEVER going to be what the Ironborn expect of him and part of that realization comes through Dagmer's menacing presence egging him on to do these villainous acts.
It's completely reasonable to assume at this point Dagmer will be the mastermind bethind the Miller boys death / switch out and makes sense with as much screen time and antagonism they've given him thus far. It does not mean he's Ramsay in disguise, that's not only an unbelievable plot change, it would be confusing and nonsensical to both book and television fans.
1442	Francis Buck	2012-05-10	They already confirmed that Ramsay hasn't been cast this season, so Dagmer is definitely NOT Ramsay. Though I don't really know why people need confirmation for this anyway, considering how little sense it makes in the first place.
1443	Michaelj	2012-05-10	If you guys read the thread then perhaps you'd grasp that nobody in the thread has spectulated that we believed Dagmer is Ramsay.
1444	teemo	2012-05-10	I think Dagmer is just Dagmer.  I think he's loyal to Theon and is taking a lot more heat for the sacking of Winterfell than he did in the books, where he had to be heavily convinced to even participate (hell, he wasn't even at Winterfell).  He's there to make Theon look less bad, in my opinion.  But this week's episode might totally prove that wrong *shrug*  I don't think he's Reek, however.  Haven't been a big fan of that theory.
1445	Francis Buck	2012-05-10	If you guys read the thread then perhaps you'd grasp that nobody in the thread has spectulated that we believed Dagmer is Ramsay.The way I see the sack of Witnerfell turning out is (if Dagmer is not somehow Ramsay) I don't know...I honestly think it is a possibe that Ramsay and Dagmer could be a "conjoined" character. The real Dagmer could have been killed long ago and Ramsay is posing as Dagmer to fool Theon. Maybe Yara/Asha will come back and tell Theon that Dagmer has been dead long ago and Theon will realize that Dagmer is actually someone else. I dunno, just a theory. Dagmer isn't too old to be Ramsay anyway...Dagmer is incredibly imposing and brutal.Not to mention in countless other threads. It is losing steam as time goes on, fortunately.
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 10 May 2012 - 03:35 PM.
1446	Michaelj	2012-05-10	Not to mention in countless other threads. It is losing steam as time goes on, fortunately.Well way to shit on me, lol. Yeah I suppose I should of double checked, but my OP is a total different theory.
1447	sarah.jenice	2012-05-10	Not to mention in countless other threads. It is losing steam as time goes on, fortunately.I was just acknowledging what others have brought up. I love the many ideas that devoted fans come up with and at least give them the respect of my consideration without making them feel bad for saying it. I do not at all think it is true but felt I should include that quote out of respect for the other people who believe it is a possibility.
1448	Envie	2012-05-10	I don't think anyone has to 'feel bad' for theorizing various plot twists - its certainly done to the extreme sometimes outside of the television forums here! Just go read some of the wild theories that have been raging on for years over there in the book section haha!But at the same time, if you're going to throw out a wild new theory, at least be prepared to back it up with some evidence and also some criticisms from those who don't think it's plausible. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I understand some people in this thread were saying perhaps Dagmer is acting the way we'd assume Ramsay did with Theon since no Ramsay has been introduced yet and likely won't be until next season. I think this embellishment of his character is perfectly acceptable and fitting for a strong leader among the ironborn men Theon's been thrown together with by his Father and gives credit to the truth of the story regardless which character portrays it.
1449	turdle	2012-05-10	i don't think dagmer has been leading theon along as some people do.  if you watch the scene where dagmer is introduced, he meerly says the cold hard truth, that theon will not be respected by his men for raiding fishing villages, it's only because we know what theon is going to do that we interpret that to mean that dagmer thinks they should therefor raid somewhere else. to me, dagmer is simply telling theon the truth, raiding fishing villages will not win him the respect of his men, letting ser rodrik live will not win him the respect of his men.  i don't think he's leading him.
also, dagmer can not be ramsey... because everyone knows he's finchy /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1450	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-10	An epic twist, would be if they cast Todd Packer for Ramsay Snow.
1451	Conchobar	2012-05-11	I don't know...I honestly think it is a possibe that Ramsay and Dagmer could be a "conjoined" character. The real Dagmer could have been killed long ago and Ramsay is posing as Dagmer to fool Theon. Maybe Yara/Asha will come back and tell Theon that Dagmer has been dead long ago and Theon will realize that Dagmer is actually someone else. I dunno, just a theory. Dagmer isn't too old to be Ramsay anyway...This is just silly. How would Ramsay have known Theon would be attacking Winterfell, why would he have been on the iron islands? It just doesn't make sense.
1452	congokong	2012-05-13	I stll don't know why they made it Dagmer's idea to sack Winterfell. The fact that it was Theon's plan was a big part of his character development in the books. Sigh*
What did Dagmer mean by Sir Roderick having to pay the iron price? Is that even how the term goes? I thought it was a reference to taking what you want. So how is Sir Roderick paying the iron price by losing his head?
1453	Terilien	2012-05-13	I stll don't know why they made it Dagmer's idea to sack Winterfell. The fact that it was Theon's plan was a big part of his character development in the books. Sigh*Ummm it was Theon's Plan. Dagmer was just more supportive here.A
					
					
							Edited by Terilien, 13 May 2012 - 12:59 AM.
1454	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-13	How on earth would Ramsay... a random bastard get someone from the iron islands to spy for him
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 13 May 2012 - 01:02 AM.
1455	Talleyrand	2012-05-13	I don't know...I honestly think it is a possibe that Ramsay and Dagmer could be a "conjoined" character. The real Dagmer could have been killed long ago and Ramsay is posing as Dagmer to fool Theon. Maybe Yara/Asha will come back and tell Theon that Dagmer has been dead long ago and Theon will realize that Dagmer is actually someone else. I dunno, just a theory. Dagmer isn't too old to be Ramsay anyway...Why would Ramsay be on the Iron Islands, and in the position to be appointed first mate? The guy playing Dagmer is 42 that's way too old for Ramsay
1456	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	i dont think the show needs Ramsey's enterance to be the same as the books.  Ramsey just shows up with a group of northerners, takes winterfell and makes Theon his reek
1457	congokong	2012-05-13	Ummm it was Theon's Plan. Dagmer was just more supportive here.AI recall that Dagmer suggested it in the show, and Theon realized what he was referring to.
1458	gogorath	2012-05-13	I recall that Dagmer suggested it in the show, and Theon realized what he was referring to.Nope.  Dagmer merely points out that Ironmen don't do as they're told.  Theon mentions Torrhen's Square, Dagmer says it's a better prize than fishing villages and asks if Theon thinks they could take it.  Theon says no, Winterfell would come... then gets that stupid grin on his face.
1459	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	IMO, Dagmer is at least one of the Bastards Boys, if not the Bastard of Bolton himself. 
But I'm still pretty sure he's Ramsay at this point.
1460	Mauvka	2012-05-09	Since the main episode threads can descend into a tiring exchange of people complaining about the changes, and other people defending the changes ad infinitum... I'd like to start a thread here to discuss the little details from the episode that may otherwise go unnoticed.When Theon is about to behead Rodrick, you see Maester Luwin in the background gathering the two Stark boys to his side and shields little Rickon from viewing the death.During Jon's first scene with Ygritte, the last thing she tells him before he swings his sword into the stone is "that's cold." In ASoS, 
	Spoiler those are also her last words to him before she dies in the book.
Many people have praised Arya's scene with Jaquen, but here's a gif someone made, capturing his facial expression when a girl tells a man when a thing must be done: http://30.media.tumb...tff6bo1_250.gifAny others you've noticed?
1461	sarahstitcher	2012-05-18	Littlefinger's expression when he's at Tywin's table and finally starts to notice Arya... does he recognize her? or not? he's very cagey.
1462	teemo	2012-05-07	So, what do you think of TV Tywin?  Charles Dance is perfect, but this episode he started to seem really out of character.  Chit-chatting with his cupbearer, telling her stories, smiling at her, etc.  IMO he is just way nicer than book Tywin.  Plus, Arya has completely given herself away as a highborn with her being able to read and her speech.  Not to mention, Tywin has smiled and raised his voice quite a bit in the show.  I know it's a show...but book Tywin is infamous for never smiling or raising his voice, or showing much emotion at all.  It's talked about all of the time in scenes that he's in.  Are you liking this TV change or no?
1463	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	Tywin never smiled. Not even once.  Really and truly.  I studied all his scenes with plenty of stop action and zoom.  It never happened.It is a tribute to Charles Danceâ<U+0080><U+0099>s immense skill at the Craft that he managed to exactly convey the very thing that we learn of Tywin, how although he never smiled, that now and again he would threaten to smile, and that this was terrible to behold.Dance nailed it.  Perfectly.
1464	teemo	2012-05-07	I guess I have no idea what a smile is.
1465	tfoxx22	2012-05-07	I have watched some of the episodes with interactive features and in one interview with Charles Dance he mentioned how his character is really intrigued by Arya and that he likes her which i think explains why he seems to like talking to her and having her around. But i agree that he is different from the book and seems, at times, a lot less formidable, but i dont so much mind the change
1466	Pliny	2012-05-07	I was a Tywin fan before, and I think the series really isn't changing him, but rather just showing us more. Seeing more of him, he naturally seems more human. In the books, we are so often only hearing of the reputation, the legend that is Lord Tywin of House Lannister. Tywin never smiled. Not even once.  Really and truly.  I studied all his scenes with plenty of stop action and zoom.  It never happened.It is a tribute to Charles Danceâ<U+0080><U+0099>s immense skill at the Craft that he managed to exactly convey the very thing that we learn of Tywin, how although he never smiled, that now and again he would threaten to smile, and that this was terrible to behold.Dance nailed it.  Perfectly. I agree 100%.There really is a lot of outstanding acting this season, isn't there?
1467	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	Cersei said that Tywin had a special smile for her and I think Arya reminds Tywin of a young Cersei. It is clear in the books that Tywin loved Jaime and Cersei when they were young. It is also specifically stated in the books that Tywin did smile, by his sister, and it is only because so many of his scenes are through Tyrion that we get the impression that he doesn't
1468	dtones520	2012-05-07	I think he plays Tywin exactly how I pictured him. A confident, stern ruler. Someone who isn't afraid to make the tough choice or rub someone the wrong way. 
I actually think he may know he has Arya, but doesn't want to let it on to Arya. He makes her feel comfortable and she is less apt to run away. She thinks she has him played, but I think he is a bit smarter than that. Especially in the scene where she is talking to him about her stonemason father. He just had a look of he knew a little bit more than she thought he did.
1469	Sxxman	2012-05-07	I see it as more of a grin rather than a smile but it really does depend on how you see a smile.  So far I love what they're doing with Tywin and Arya but if in the next episode I see him breaking down in tears next to Arya I might have to rethink my stance.  I think Arya to him symbolizes what he wanted his children to be, hence why he is nicer to her than other characters.  I also think that when he is with Arya it is like reading a Tywin POV chapter, which I don't believe is in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 07 May 2012 - 09:06 PM.
1470	scurvy	2012-05-07	I liked his description of his father (knowing the book Tywin). "He loved us..."  Then he described himself.  "I'm cold."  I don't think he meant physically.  It was Freudian.
1471	wolverine	2012-05-07	Dance is awesome.  In the books I all around hated Tywin and it felt great when Tyrion slaghtered him.  In the show I think he seems sufficiently like a prick, but he is certainly more likeable.  I think it does make more sense that he is not totally despicable, but they should maybe show him giving more despicable orders.
1472	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-07	I think he plays Tywin exactly how I pictured him. A confident, stern ruler. Someone who isn't afraid to make the tough choice or rub someone the wrong way.I actually think he may know he has Arya, but doesn't want to let it on to Arya. He makes her feel comfortable and she is less apt to run away. She thinks she has him played, but I think he is a bit smarter than that. Especially in the scene where she is talking to him about her stonemason father. He just had a look of he knew a little bit more than she thought he did.Does Tywin even know that Arya escaped?Anyway, even if he does, I think he would have dismiss Ned Stark's daughter becoming his cupbearer as too much of a coincidence.
1473	House Balstroko	2012-05-07	I like Tywin's portrayal in the show. It does give him gretaer depth than what we got in the books and somehow makes him a bit more of a sympathetic character.
1474	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-07	One of the best actors in the show IMO. I love his scenes so much. I actually really like the show Tywin and I feel like he could be a good man, if I didn't know any better. His scenes with Arya are a bit heartwarming... almost.
1475	boojam	2012-05-07	So, what do you think of TV Tywin?  Charles Dance is perfect, but this episode he started to seem really out of character.  Chit-chatting with his cupbearer, telling her stories, smiling at her, etc.  IMO he is just way nicer than book Tywin.  Plus, Arya has completely given herself away as a highborn with her being able to read and her speech.  Not to mention, Tywin has smiled and raised his voice quite a bit in the show.  I know it's a show...but book Tywin is infamous for never smiling or raising his voice, or showing much emotion at all.  It's talked about all of the time in scenes that he's in.  Are you liking this TV change or no?You know I think George does mention in the books that Tywin does smile , rarely, but can happen.Anyway Dance and I think D&D have mentioned that they are tweaking the Tywin character for the series.I don't mind , thought he was a wee bit one dimensional in the novels.
1476	Darth Pipes	2012-05-07	Dance is fantastic and I love his portrayel of Tywin on the show.  Although I can't help but think of Tywin doing a "Reading is fundamental" commercial after yesterday. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
As I recall in the books, Tywin was said to have smiled during his wedding and when Tarbeck Hall crumbled.
1477	Patchface12	2012-05-07	Yeah, the only smile I remember Dance doing was the one where Arya tells him "anyone can be killed," and that smile was damn creepy
1478	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-05-07	I'm walking a middle line between Tywin knowing he has Arya, and him being completely oblivious.  Recall that there is some speculation that Roose Bolton may, or may not, have known who Arya was in his time at Harrenhal.  His later conversation with Theon, about betraying one's birth by speech, is illustrative.
My theory is: Tywin, being the observant man that he is, recognized Arya nearly from the get go as possibly high born.  He almost certainly doesn't suspect her of being Arya Stark, but he might suspect that she is the daughter of some minor lord, or landed knight.  Her speech, and mannerisms shout her heritage to anyone capable of looking.  Tywin probably figures that once everything settles down, she'll be worth something to someone.  Best to keep her around.
I think that Dance nails Tywin, all the way through.  There was one point in the war council scene where he had what I might describe as the makings of a toothy grin.  But it looked to me like the kind of smile a cat has while its toying with a mouse.  I wouldn't want to be the recipient of that look.
1479	FiveByeSeven	2012-05-07	Hey guys, so it turns out in the TV series, young Jamie had dyslexia! As a kid, my grandmother once confined me to my room an hour a day rewriting sentences when my elementary teachers reported I had squiggly penmanship. I can only shudder at how Tywin must have spent his four hours a day making sure Jamie learned his letters.
					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 07 May 2012 - 10:59 PM.
1480	Honey Badger	2012-05-07	I think the TV Tywin is very different from the books, but I'm willing to enjoy a different take on him given Dance's great performance.  They are succeeding at humanizing him.  But when you rack up the Rains of Castamere, his wedding "gift" to his son Tyrion, his actions with the Mountain and Bolton, how Robb gets his at the Red Wedding ... well there's a reason people think him a villain.  And it's not for being practical.
1481	Ponyo Payne	2012-05-08	He reminds me of The Penguin from the old Batman TV show for 2  reasons. First, there is something in the way both actors will keep there heads still, and shift their eyes while looking at people and you can tell the wheels are turning quickly. Second, The Penguin's henchmen were a bunch of bumbling idiots. The last few episodes, it has been the same for Tywin. 
(null)
1482	Paurush	2012-05-08	It is hard to understand why people go on calling Tywin a villan ! He is too ignorant and proud to be one. I really dont think he knows (what we all know) that his grand son is born by incest between his own son and daughter. To him he is fighting for his grandson's rightful claim to the iron throne and all those who oppose him are simply power hungry snakes.
So for Tywin he is riding on the same righteous boat that Stannis is riding for all the wrong reasons ! He simply thinks his actions (no matter how cruel ) are means to righteous cause !
So i believe even the book Tywin is same as the TV one just that instead of a camera in the book we see him through highly  biased POVs of other people (mostly Tyrion ) who dont get along with him at all !
The TV series is doing much more justice to Tywin as a character then readers have done in the book !
					
					
							Edited by Paurush, 08 May 2012 - 02:10 AM.
1483	The Monkey	2012-05-08	Yeah, the show has reached its limit of one-dimensional villains in Joffrey, I'm glad they changed him.
1484	Bambi	2012-05-08	I don't feel like Tywin would be out of character, i just feel we see those sides of his personality which weren't explained in the book but were hinted in some way. Although we haven't seen Tywin in the books doing things like we see in the movie, i always pictured him a character like this. The first moment i actually disliked him in the book was before his death when Tyrion revealed him with Shae.
1485	Fylimar	2012-05-08	IMHO he is very similar to book Tywin - there were a lot of hints from memories of his family, that he had emotions and sometimes showed them. But, as people already mentioned, most of the memories are through his children and they all have a grudge by then for him in some form (Tyrion and Jamie don't need explaining, Cersei felt left alone by her father - first, because he wanted to marry her again and then he died and left her there with a mess) - so their POV weren't that kindly to him.
And I think, that he didn't know about Jamies and Cerseis incest and Jamie trying to kill Bran, so he felt, that he has all the rights of Westeros to act as he did in the books. Maybe it ocurred to him later, therefore his wish to marry Cersei off far away from KL, but I don't remember, if that is ever mentioned somewhere in the book.
Well, Dance did a great performance, as ever. Ans Maisie too - she is quite talented. Someone mentioned, that he wanted a 'Tywin and Arya Show' - I would love that :-)
1486	Rockroi	2012-05-08	The complexity of the story beguiles simplicity in titles and labels, ie "Villain".  Certainly Tywin's aims and goals are opposite those of the family the reader is (forced) to identify as the hero, the Starks.  But Tywin's overall goals are not evil in the sense that they are destructive for destruction sake; he is not simply out there to kill, maim and torture for the sake of the actions alone.  He is ruthless, he is violent and he is extremely proud.  He's also smart, fair, dutiful (and that duty would be preserving the honor and power of his house).  
I find Tywin to be an incredibly complex man and an extremely effective leader in extremely violent and ruthless times.  Households are not allowed to defy their liege lord, hence Castermere and the Tarbecks; if you fight a war, you fight to win (and then help your enemies back to their feet.... a part of the sentence people always neglect to remember); bad people work for him (and Ned and Robb had Roose Bolton).  Its a dangerous world out there. 
And when your son marries a commoner you have to teach him a lesson.  Period.  That is not how you do things.  Tywin's response was barbaric and its not something anyone in this day or age could condone (and I won't either), but back then?  I'm only saying that Tywin Lannister is not a villain for one or two bad acts.
1487	Manfryd Lothston	2012-05-08	It is hard to understand why people go on calling Tywin a villan ! He is too ignorant and proud to be one. I really dont think he knows (what we all know) that his grand son is born by incest between his own son and daughter. To him he is fighting for his grandson's rightful claim to the iron throne and all those who oppose him are simply power hungry snakes.So for Tywin he is riding on the same righteous boat that Stannis is riding for all the wrong reasons ! He simply thinks his actions (no matter how cruel ) are means to righteous cause!He had no qualms about rebelling against the "rightful" Targaryen king, and brutally murdering (through Jaime, Lorch and Clegane) the king and his "rightful" heirs, including a little girl and a baby. He also had no qualms about terrorizing the peaceful people of Westeros during the war of the 5 kings. He was the one who unleashed the Mountain and brought the Brave Companions to Westeros.And calling Tywin ignorant is... just completely out there. He may have willingly ignored some of the accusations against his beloved family (to the protection and prosperity of which most of his efforts were inclined), but that does not make him ignorant, only selective in perception. Which is a common trait in great men and great dictators alike.
1488	Tadco26	2012-05-08	Tywin specifically sent the Mountain, Ser Amory and the Bloody Mummers out to rape and pillage.  They put whole villages to the torch, raped the women and mutilated them, and butchered the children and left them unburied so that the corpses would attract wolves and wild dogs all in an effort to provoke the Stark/Tully forces to attack him at Harrenhal as the Blackfish noted. 
Catelyn says: "When Edmure hears this he will rage."
Blackfish: "And that will be just as Lord Tywin desires.  Even terror has its purpose, Cat.  Lannister wants to provoke us to battle."
"Robb is like to give him that wish," Catelyn said fretful.  "He is a restless cas a cat sitting here, and Edmure and the Greatjon and the others will urge him on."  ...
Brynden Blackfish arched a bushy grey eyebrow.  "More fool they.  My first rule of war, Cat- never give an enemy his wish.  Lord Tywin would like to fight on a field of his choosing.  He wants us to march on Harrenhal."
One might argue that is a sound tactical move if you are completely heartless to all the victims that will die in the process in, but he certainly knew what he was doing when he gave the orders.
1489	WhiteWalder	2012-05-08	Dance just looks and sounds like Tywin when I imagined him, not to mention his acting job.
1490	Reposado	2012-05-08	And when your son marries a commoner you have to teach him a lesson.  Period.  That is not how you do things.  Tywin's response was barbaric and its not something anyone in this day or age could condone (and I won't either), but back then?  I'm only saying that Tywin Lannister is not a villain for one or two bad acts.When the one or two acts involve the sacking of a city? When the lessen involves gangrape? You can be a villain with being a moustachioed top-hat wearing villain. There pursuing goals. Then there is pursuing goals in a villainous manner. Tywin is a villain, regardless of how charismatic he is.
1491	Rob Snow	2012-05-08	I think the TV Tywin is very different from the books, but I'm willing to enjoy a different take on him given Dance's great performance.  They are succeeding at humanizing him.  But when you rack up the Rains of Castamere, his wedding "gift" to his son Tyrion, his actions with the Mountain and Bolton, how Robb gets his at the Red Wedding ... well there's a reason people think him a villain.  And it's not for being practical.I am with you.  The fact that D&D are showing you a kinder gentler Tywin, is going to make his machinations in orchestrating the Red Wedding all the more jarring.Of course based on all the plot changes that have taken place so far this year, it will probably be Joffrey who orders the Red Wedding. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1492	Knight Of Winter	2012-05-08	But how can Tywin not be viewed as a villain? He directly oposses every trait and characteristic that make human beings actually human. He has no moral compass at all, and puts all his energy towards one goal - maikng house Lannister more powerful. For this goal Tywin is willing to do literally everything - let people be killed, let people be tortured, let more people be killed, let women be raped and even sacrifice happiness of other members (some of them are his own children) of House he's trying to lead.Every action Tywin takes is about achieving his only goal most efficiently. For example:1) he wants to scare River-lords and reduce their wealth --> he sends Gregor to pillage, torture and kill their peasants. Not the decision any decent man would make - but most efficient.2) he wants to diminish the value of captive Starks have captured --> he gives up on Jaime as his son. Again - the most efficient course of action.3) he wants to teach his son a lesson --> so he has his wife gang-raped by his garrison. Well, it made Tyrion hate him for the rest of his life - but he sure learned his lesson.4) he wants people to fear him --> thus he is willing to keep people such as Gregor Clegane and Amory Lorch at his side...5) ...among many other examples such as RW, him ordering killings of Rhaegar's children...For further explanations and elaborations about Tywin's character, let me just say that I wholeheartedly agree with post quoted below (original thread is here: http://asoiaf.wester...an-in-westeros/):I ranted a bit about Tywin Lannister in the morality thread, and to my surprise, no one took me up on it. Perhaps some even thought I was kidding. Oh no, ladies and gentlemen, absoloutely not.Tywin Lannister has a special mix, in both his public actions as a politician and a military commander, and, crucially, in his private life as Lord and father, of utter callousness for human life, a flagrant disregard for justice, duty, loyalty or honor, completel lack of any personal code, a twisted, oft indulged cruelty and no redeeming tragic background to excuse any of it. It is this combination, I contend, that pushes him to the very top - worse than Gregor, Theon, Bolton or Frey - of the huge of heap of terrible people in westeros.I often see Tywin characterized as efficient, cold, measured, rational, unemotional, controlled, pragmatic. Whne discussing Shae turning up in his bed, its generally viewed as blatant reversal of characterization. It even has a vast conspiracy theory to explain it. In this thead, he was a clear majority to be the Hand.Are you people reading the same books i'm reading!??!?!Tywin is a rabid, petty lunatic, just waiting to go off. I'd rather have the bastard love child of Joffrey and Viserys as my Hand. Shae - a cheap, trashy whore who was his son's - is surprising, but completely in character. The man, to quote Stephen Fry, has the attitude to sex of the catholic church - like the anorexic or the morbidly obese to food.He keeps constantly on hand people like Gregor and Vargo Hoat, is completely uncritical of their actions, and is always willing to use them. His tactics in war are incredibly dirty and underhanded. He will rape and pillage and torture as a tactic. Flying false banners. Pay off his enemies allies. Send assasins. He is a liar, a cheat and a traitor again and again. He will not blink to murder children.As for being Hand...he gave the kingdom peace? The kind of peace that exploded into a rebellion that swept up half the realm at the drop of couple of roses. He was flagrantly disloyal, at the end, of course. But before that - he was utterly unreliable. We saw how much he cared about the kingdom, how willing he was to leave it in Aerys mad hands the moment it no longer served his pride and the aggrandizment of his family - not to mention broke his tyrannical iron grip over his son - he was outta there.And then theres Tywin - the father. Jaime and Cercei - good god, just look at that duo. One of the only few good things we ever hear about Tywin was that he smiled for Cercei. Good job parenting there, considering she was murdering her friends as a preteen. Jaime waited a few years at least to start tossing children from heights.And now Tysha. She was raped by an entire garrison, to teach his son a lesson. This isn't measured, rational, unemotional. Its bizzare. Cartoonish. over the top. A piece of pure, gleeful theater of torture and cruelty, topped off with the lies, the money, forcing Tyrion to go last. This is what he did to his son for daring to fall in love with someone he found inappropriate. Thats not how anyone with a shred of maturity, or a concience, would deal with the situation.He never smiles. For fucks sake, can you get more petulantly, melodramtically, arrogantly emo than that?On a side note, I do agree Show!Tywin does not differ much from his book counterpart, and that Charles Dance is doing magnificent job of portraying him.
1493	Mad Queen	2012-05-08	I just don't like Tywin getting chatty with his cupbearer. That's something I don't think ANY of the lords would do, least of all Tywin, who is so proud. It feels wrong to me. Remember that Roose Bolton completely ignored Arya and when she asked him a question, he was surprised and then threatened to have her tongue cut out.
1494	Blisscraft	2012-05-08	I agree that TV Tywin is more "human"  than the books.  However, Dance is wonderful.  I think her captures the spirit of Tywin perfectly.
1495	Queen Regent	2012-05-08	I think Charles Dance is portraying Tywin perfectly!  Sometimes I think he knows that she is Arya, but then other times I don't think he really does.  It'll be interesting to see how it plays out.  I think Little Finger was eyeing her pretty hard, he knew he knew her from somewhere, but maybe couldn't remember from where?
1496	Rob Snow	2012-05-08	I agree that TV Tywin is more "human"  than the books.  However, Dance is wonderful.  I think her captures the spirit of Tywin perfectly.Dance definitely humanizes Tywin, but I think most of that job was done by having him at Harrenhall and onscreen much more than he was in ACOK. Tywin's ample screen time really allows the viewer to contrast him with Tyrion, who is operating in a similar capacity to his dad in King's Landing.  It also brought meto the conclusionthat they more alike than they are diffrent. They both do not suffer fools; the both have a soft spots for the Stark daughters; and  they both, at least at this point, place family above all else Of course the similarities kinda end there as Tywin has a sociopath streak in him that Tyrion can't hope to match.
1497	bibappu	2012-05-08	In every scene concerning Tywin and Arya they show how ruthless and almost cruel he is with his men and even family members, as opposed to how fond he is of Arya. I was a little disappointed when I saw Tywin going all "cool grandpa" with her, but I certainly find believable that he finds her at least intriguing.
1498	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-08	Tywin taking a liking to Arya can be explained in the context that the character of Tywin is intrigued by competence and especially by intelligence. We learn that he is surrounded by fools (which greatly explains why he kept losing battles to a young boy). So for him to encounter someone that is naturally sharp witted AND merely a cupbearer? Well how could he NOT be a little intrigued?
1499	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	Eh, I like it in that it's an excuse to see more of Dance's rather inspired Tywin. I suppose Roose can take Harrenhal over after Tywin rushes off to the Blackwater, and explain as much to Jaime and Brienne in S3.
1500	Milgod morghulis	2012-05-08	TV Tywin is even better than book Tywin.
I don't think, in any way, he is nicer. He says it like it is, just as he did in the books. I don't see this 'nicer' Tywin, maybe I'm seeing something else. You have to remember what we would have read about Tywin up to now. We wouldn't of had all the extra evil crap yet.
1501	Sand11751	2012-05-08	His smiles personally creep me out. Even in his caring for his family and his insistence on curing Jaime's dyslexia, there's no warmth in Tywin.  When Arya said "Anyone can be killed" the look on his face literally said, "Bitch, you better not mean me," which is of course what she meant to convey. He tolerates Arya because she does what she's told. He can smile at her all he wants, but the effect will never reduce the threat of menace he conveys. Arya is too smart to think otherwise.
1502	Sand11751	2012-05-08	His smiles personally creep me out. Even in his caring for his family and his insistence on curing Jaime's dyslexia, there's no warmth in Tywin.  When Arya said "Anyone can be killed" the look on his face literally said, "Bitch, you better not mean me," which is of course what she meant to convey. He tolerates Arya because she does what she's told. He can smile at her all he wants, but the effect will never reduce the threat of menace he conveys. Arya is too smart to think otherwise.
1503	teemo	2012-05-08	Of course based on all the plot changes that have taken place so far this year, it will probably be Joffrey who orders the Red Wedding. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />You know....even though that sounds absolutely ridiculous, I wouldn't put it past D&D at this point.
1504	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	His smiles personally creep me out. Even in his caring for his family and his insistence on curing Jaime's dyslexia, there's no warmth in Tywin.  When Arya said "Anyone can be killed" the look on his face literally said, "Bitch, you better not mean me," which is of course what she meant to convey. He tolerates Arya because she does what she's told. He can smile at her all he wants, but the effect will never reduce the threat of menace he conveys. Arya is too smart to think otherwise.Not really a smile.  Just the threat of one.  Which is terrible to behold.
1505	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	Another week, another thread of love for Charles Dance. I can only agree with how amazing he has been this season. Can't think of an other actor/actress in the series who has nailed the character as well as Dance.
"The threat of a smile." Yeah, that pretty much describes it.
1506	King Stannis	2012-05-08	People thought Tywin was cold, heartless, etc in the novels, but in reality, we see most of this through Tyrion's POV. And Tywin does act like this to him. But this side of Tywin fits the character we've seen. Still competent, still ruthless, but only when it is needed. Very, very pragmatic
1507	Pliny	2012-05-09	I don't feel like Tywin would be out of character, i just feel we see those sides of his personality which weren't explained in the book but were hinted in some way. Although we haven't seen Tywin in the books doing things like we see in the movie, i always pictured him a character like this. The first moment i actually disliked him in the book was before his death when Tyrion revealed him with Shae.Heh- same here. Then I read the below posts and felt a little guilty.But how can Tywin not be viewed as a villain? He directly oposses every trait and characteristic that make human beings actually human. He has no moral compass at all, and puts all his energy towards one goal - maikng house Lannister more powerful. For this goal Tywin is willing to do literally everything - let people be killed, let people be tortured, let more people be killed, let women be raped and even sacrifice happiness of other members (some of them are his own children) of House he's trying to lead.Every action Tywin takes is about achieving his only goal most efficiently. For example:1) he wants to scare River-lords and reduce their wealth --> he sends Gregor to pillage, torture and kill their peasants. Not the decision any decent man would make - but most efficient.2) he wants to diminish the value of captive Starks have captured --> he gives up on Jaime as his son. Again - the most efficient course of action.3) he wants to teach his son a lesson --> so he has his wife gang-raped by his garrison. Well, it made Tyrion hate him for the rest of his life - but he sure learned his lesson.4) he wants people to fear him --> thus he is willing to keep people such as Gregor Clegane and Amory Lorch at his side...5) ...among many other examples such as RW, him ordering killings of Rhaegar's children...For further explanations and elaborations about Tywin's character, let me just say that I wholeheartedly agree with post quoted below (original thread is here: http://asoiaf.wester...an-in-westeros/):[List of Tywin's bad acts - it's pretty compelling]Jeeze, when you put it that way... So, I've been infatuated with his poise and power, and been an apologist for his horrible acts... Shit.But, correct me if I'm wrong, don't we usually hear about Tywin from people who both fear and respect/admire him? Certainly, his kids are always talking about which one of them is the "Tywin," and what their father would think. Tyrion both loathes and admires his father, doesn't he?The only reason I bring it up is because I'm wondering why so many of us "got it wrong" with our assessment or Lord Tywin Lannister.[While I'm already identified as a Tywin-apologist, ;)  I'll just posit that the portrayal of the peasants' suffering is just more of the theme that the "smallfolk" are the ones who always suffer when the nobles play their game of you-know-whats. Jorah says something along these lines to Dany:     The common people pray for rain, healthy children, and a summer that never ends. It is no matter to them if the high lords play their game of thrones, so long as they are left in peace. They never are. ]
1508	The Monkey	2012-05-09	Tywin is hard and ruthless, and does treat the peasants (and Tyrion) like shit.
But I don't think his "softness" in this episode is a character flaw. It's not unthinkable that he, after a long hard day, would sit down a contemplate his childhood in front of the fire hearth. I didn't perceive it like he was really telling Arya about his memories of his father, but rather than he was talking to himself, and in a way justifying his own harshness by comparing to his father weakness, which almost lead to the fall of House Lannister.
1509	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	In some ways Arya is a perfect shrink/venting system for Tywin. She is intelligent and bold enough to understand and respond to him with more than "yes, milord, i agree completely milord." She also is powerless and seemingly posses no threat to him so he can share these little tidbits of his past freely. Tywin isn't a psychopath so he shares the same emotional needs as any man, sometimes you just need someone to talk to. It gets lonely at the top...
1510	RSasoiaf	2012-05-09	I have only one thing against it so far......the idea that he didnt want the war and would like to broke some peace.
Yeahhhhhhh.....right!!!!!
That is exactly the same guy that launched an all out assault on the riverlands and went personally up to meet Robb in battle. That so looked like someone who wants peace.
Are we to think he is just lying about it or are we to buy into it?
1511	StarkWard	2012-05-10	If for nothing else, HBO wants the viewers to somehow feel sympathetic to all the characters who are going to die.
1512	Gendry	2012-05-11	I think he's spot on, nails Tywin Lannister.
Tywin is never cruel (except with Tyrion), he is cold and calculated and is only concerned with the glory and honor of his family name.
1513	JW.	2012-05-11	Funny, it seems they have made Cersei and Tywin more likeable and made Joffrey even worse. Main Antagonist, kind of thing.. maybe? I don't get it atleast, I miss the Tywin Ruthlessness from the books and Cersei who atleast would give Tyrion a fight in ACOK.
1514	Tadco26	2012-05-11	I think he's spot on, nails Tywin Lannister.Tywin is never cruel (except with Tyrion), he is cold and calculated and is only concerned with the glory and honor of his family name.Never cruel?  How about the deserters who's knee caps he had broken with hammers after the Battle of Blackwater, or the women and children he had murdered and raped by Ser Amory, Ser Gregor, and the Brave Companions in order to try and provoke the Starks/Tullys to attack Harrenhal.  Or the attrocities he had Ser Gregor commit that led to Ned sending Lord Berric after the Mountain?  How about giving up on Jamie when he is in captivity when he tells Tyrion he is his only son now as he appoints him to Hand of the King, or disowning Jamie when he refuses to give up his spot as head of the Kingsguard?Tywin counseled his father to send Lord Tarbeck back to his wife in 3 pieces when she captured 3 Lannister hostages.  The brutatlity of his destruction of House Reyne led to the song the Rains of Castamere.  Tywin had his father's mistress cast out naked and forced to tell every one she met that she was a thief and harlot before Tywin banished her from his lands.  He became despised in King's Landing for his men sacking the city after Aery's death.Now he didn't seem to do cruel acts because he enjoyed them, but the acts done under his direct commands certainly are closer to cruel than kind.  It's kind of like saying Bin Ladin wasn't that big a terrorist threat because he didn't personally blow up anything in the US.
1515	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-11	As someone else said 'Charles Dance shows up for 2 minutes and just owns the entire episode', and I couldn't agree more. I liked his parts immensely. As for appearing more human... Even Tywin is, after all, only human. Why do you think he hides behind such a stern face? No one is naturally like that. I *think* I understand him a little because I've written a character that had something in common with him at one time: the sense of duty towards an institution (in this case, his House) and the psychology of 'the goal justifies the means' because he was so convicted because of his anger of his house being a disgrace and a laughing stock, and realizing you've reached the point you can't turn back on that or reverse time, and thus just carry on to at least be successful, even if it does come at a huge cost, even though you know it's wrong. Realizing his children are screwing everything up (Tywin likely knows the possibility is large the rumours about Jaime and Cersei are true, he's no fool) and that his House would likely simply crumble again once he's gone despite all his sacrifices would wear a man down eventually and have him at least need to vent these thoughts now and then. He's not really nice in the show though, I don't think most people who've only seen the show will see him as a nice person and have a lot of sympathy for him, we just think he's a lot nicer now because in the books he's much worse.
1516	RSasoiaf	2012-05-11	Never cruel?  How about the deserters who's knee caps he had broken with hammers after the Battle of Blackwater, or the women and children he had murdered and raped by Ser Amory, Ser Gregor, and the Brave Companions in order to try and provoke the Starks/Tullys to attack Harrenhal.  Or the attrocities he had Ser Gregor commit that led to Ned sending Lord Berric after the Mountain?  How about giving up on Jamie when he is in captivity when he tells Tyrion he is his only son now as he appoints him to Hand of the King, or disowning Jamie when he refuses to give up his spot as head of the Kingsguard?Tywin counseled his father to send Lord Tarbeck back to his wife in 3 pieces when she captured 3 Lannister hostages.  The brutatlity of his destruction of House Reyne led to the song the Rains of Castamere.  Tywin had his father's mistress cast out naked and forced to tell every one she met that she was a thief and harlot before Tywin banished her from his lands.  He became despised in King's Landing for his men sacking the city after Aery's death.Now he didn't seem to do cruel acts because he enjoyed them, but the acts done under his direct commands certainly are closer to cruel than kind.  It's kind of like saying Bin Ladin wasn't that big a terrorist threat because he didn't personally blow up anything in the US.THIS and THIS and again THISBy the way, the fact that Tywin WAS INDEED CRUEL IN THE BOOKS has a lot to do with how his kids turn out to be when they grow up. In the books it is quite clear that after their motherÂ´s death things just went south at home and they all lack on fatherly love and proper guidance.Now if you watch series Tywin you have to wonder how the hell did his kids turn out that bad if he seems to be almost a nice fatherly figure. It is also funny that he just turned like that for season 2. He was nowhere near this nice when he was introduced in season 1 and when we did see him interact with both his male kids. His character was a lot more faithfull to the books on season 1 and now it just rebooted for plot convinience so they can have him safe around Arya.
1517	Honey Badger	2012-05-11	I have only one thing against it so far......the idea that he didnt want the war and would like to broke some peace.Yeahhhhhhh.....right!!!!!That is exactly the same guy that launched an all out assault on the riverlands and went personally up to meet Robb in battle. That so looked like someone who wants peace.Are we to think he is just lying about it or are we to buy into it?That's not it.  In the books, he wanted the peace with the Starks and to let Ned take the Black.  Stark and Baratheon out of King's Landing with Lannister control was just fine with him.  It was Joffrey's stupidity with the beheading that set everything off.  Joffrey was bad enough so that Tywin thought it was time for a "lesson," and Tyrion, despite himself, actually felt bad for Joff.Tywin isn't a evil dictator looking to slaughter for fun.  Even the business with The Mountain raping and pillaging was just to draw Ned out so he could be captured.  But Jaime with his bravado confronted Ned and injured him, which is where Beric came in to take his place.  Tywin unfortunately doesn't have family members that does what he wants.
1518	teemo	2012-05-11	Never cruel?  How about the deserters who's knee caps he had broken with hammers after the Battle of Blackwater, or the women and children he had murdered and raped by Ser Amory, Ser Gregor, and the Brave Companions in order to try and provoke the Starks/Tullys to attack Harrenhal.  Or the attrocities he had Ser Gregor commit that led to Ned sending Lord Berric after the Mountain?  How about giving up on Jamie when he is in captivity when he tells Tyrion he is his only son now as he appoints him to Hand of the King, or disowning Jamie when he refuses to give up his spot as head of the Kingsguard?Tywin counseled his father to send Lord Tarbeck back to his wife in 3 pieces when she captured 3 Lannister hostages.  The brutatlity of his destruction of House Reyne led to the song the Rains of Castamere.  Tywin had his father's mistress cast out naked and forced to tell every one she met that she was a thief and harlot before Tywin banished her from his lands.  He became despised in King's Landing for his men sacking the city after Aery's death.Now he didn't seem to do cruel acts because he enjoyed them, but the acts done under his direct commands certainly are closer to cruel than kind.  It's kind of like saying Bin Ladin wasn't that big a terrorist threat because he didn't personally blow up anything in the US.I totally agree with this.  I think some of Tywin's cruelness is being understated.  Gregor and Amory Lorch are terrible, evil rapist/murderers and Tywin is just a "brilliant war strategist."
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 11 May 2012 - 11:58 PM.
1519	summer_stark	2012-05-12	i do like TV Tywin -- a lot -- but my first thought when he made arya cupbearer was -- he will be good to her, which will explain to the viewer why she doesn't pick him, which is exactly what's happening.  he is cruel to his men and not super nice to arya all the time -- but he is nice enough to her that she has it easy with him as her "boss". 
also, re: the people wondering whether Tywin and/or LF know -- at first I totally disagreed with this, but I can totally see D&D making it so that LF/Tywin know who she is, and arya finds out and that sparks her escape.  that wouldn't explain the third death though -- and i will be bummed if we don't get weasel soup.  i just hope Tywin leaves soon -- otherwise, we definitely won't get it, and she will probably escape him -- though to have people actively looking for her would be a pretty big deviation (i mean, outside the people who chase after her when she leaves and then Nymeria eats all of them--they didn't know she was arya, just someone who escaped and killed a guard). 
then again, it seems like he has to leave in order for her to have a 3rd death that is meaningful, even if it isn't weasel soup -- not that that was particularly meaningful, truth be told -- but it was awesome -- because if he is still there (and is still being kind to her), then obviously the north won't be taking harrenhall -- and if he is still there, but turns on her, then she'd name him before she escaped.  so i don't know how they will have this play out. 
i just keep hoping he leaves soon.  like episode 7.  even though i love their dynamic, i want weasel soup in some way shape or form.
1520	Zod	2012-05-12	Well, TV shows need to make characters likable, just like George R. R. Martin said.
They will probably deviate much from the books with Tywin's character in the episodes ahead.
I honestly believe that this change for Tywin is for the better, as it offers us new insight on the other side of Tywin, which makes him a far more believable figure.
1521	Fylimar	2012-05-12	Apart from the obvious psychopath (the Mountain, Ramsay and a few others), Martin described most characters in different shades of grey - Tywin is no exception to that - and I think, Dance brings only the side of Tywin to life, Tyrion never gets to see  - without loosing his cold and ruthless behavior (tbh - I thought, he would finish Lorch himself, when he started accusing him in that episode). I think, he is nice to Arya, because he suspects, that she isn't just a stonemasons daugther. I don't think, he knows, who she is, but that she could be a valuable hostage - so keeping her close and making her feel secure is a smart move, imho.
1522	RSasoiaf	2012-05-12	That's not it.  In the books, he wanted the peace with the Starks and to let Ned take the Black.  Stark and Baratheon out of King's Landing with Lannister control was just fine with him.  It was Joffrey's stupidity with the beheading that set everything off.  Joffrey was bad enough so that Tywin thought it was time for a "lesson," and Tyrion, despite himself, actually felt bad for Joff.Tywin isn't a evil dictator looking to slaughter for fun.  Even the business with The Mountain raping and pillaging was just to draw Ned out so he could be captured.  But Jaime with his bravado confronted Ned and injured him, which is where Beric came in to take his place.  Tywin unfortunately doesn't have family members that does what he wants.Nope, you are the one who want to believe on something that is not in the books.You will have to quote where does Tywin says he would like to have Stark going to the wall. Where??? Actually, he never says that on the series also. Even on season one, he asks his son "Why is he still alive???".....so both book and series clearly state that Tywin does not care that much about Stark at the start. Tywin only starts thinking on other options after he gets in a really bad place in bettween what could be the south and the north marching for Kings Landing. Still, as soon as the southern border is once again safe, Tywin gets back to his original idea and itÂ´s bye bye to all the Starks he may get his hands on.Also, you have to remember that it was actually Tywin who did start the war! It was not Cat, It was not even Jaime, it was Tywin! And I tell you why:- Cat did something wrong but she was still not starting a full out war. CatÂ´s issue could have been solved bettween Tywin, Nedd and Robert, should they be willing to. Robert was quite willing and Nedd only jumps the gun after he gets news about The Mountain going all friendly on the riverlands.- Jaime also did not start a full out war. Jaime did a move against Nedd but he run away when it did not work quite that well. Jaime was not really trying to start a war. Actually, Jaime only got involved on the war once his father ordered him to go and beat the crap out of Riverrun.The only 2 leaders who actually called for a war were Tywin and Robb....and Tywin actually did it first by declaring full out war against the riverlands (without any reason for it by the way).Actually, had Robb not called for his banners, it is most likely that Tywin would sweep through the riverlands and then try and march on the North.....he was actually marching that way when he found out that Robb was heading south. It is telling enough that Tywin was not even marching on the vale to get Tyrion back....nop!!! it was more or less obvious that he knew well enough that Lysa would stay neutral and therefore he wanted to get the Riverlands and the North as fast as possible...thus he split his forces bettween him and Jaime.Now if this is someone who wants for peace.....he never actually did nothing to get it and you will have to point me to anything that Tywin actually did in order to get peace with someone. Did he actually do anything? Keep in mind that even when Robb was no longer a threat and had to pretty much fall back, even then Tywin was not asking for peace. We know well enough what Tywin did and most likely will do in the series also. He will wipe out the Starks.Now if thatÂ´s someone peacefull.....
1523	boojam	2012-05-12	Funny, it seems they have made Cersei and Tywin more likeable and made Joffrey even worse. Main Antagonist, kind of thing.. maybe? I don't get it atleast, I miss the Tywin Ruthlessness from the books and Cersei who atleast would give Tyrion a fight in ACOK.D&D have not made Joffrey any worse than Geroge made him in the novels.
1524	JW.	2012-05-12	D&D have not made Joffrey any worse than Geroge made him in the novels.Oh, how about the scene with the two whores? And that thing where he is considering to wack his own mother,  I'm not sure, but it seems they sure have made him a full time 24/7 psychopath. In the books he atleast got along with some folks, sorta..
					
					
							Edited by JW., 12 May 2012 - 10:53 AM.
1525	Chronicler	2012-05-12	I said Tywin would be the best actor on the series before it started, and during the first season. Points to me. He truly is great.
I'm kind of surprised that people here see Arya as intelligent, I've always seen her as stupid since she misunderstands things and assumes to much.
1526	The Monkey	2012-05-12	Oh, how about the scene with the two whores? And that thing where he is considering to wack his own mother,  I'm not sure, but it seems they sure have made him a full time 24/7 psychopath. In the books he atleast got along with some folks, sorta..Like whom?
1527	Lord Tywin	2012-05-12	With respect to using the Brave Companions, Lorch and Gregor in a campaign of terror, Tywin has three choices:
1) Use them to terrorize the countryside (obviously)
2) Ignore them and risk someone else taking them into their service (Bolton, of course, ends up doing just that with the Goat)
3) Execute them as criminals.
(3) Seems to be the most just course. But then, Ser Gregor & Ser Amory are landed knights, notwithstanding Eddard attainting Gregor. And Joffrey, whom Tywin sees as the rightful king, doesn't recognize that action. Since these monsters are acting on behalf of the Crown or of House Lannister, condemning them wouldn't make any sense. As for the Brave Companions, well, provoking them would be plain stupid. So that leaves him with options 1 & 2.
(2) Would be too risky.
Ergo, using them was Tywin's best course. That is not to say it isn't cruel, because it is. However, even in our own world pillaging, killing and destroying are hardly unknown throughout history. Two of England's favourite sons, Edward III & Henry V, used the dreaded chevauchee ("foraging") to strike fear in the hearts of the French, not to mention ruining their adversaries' supplies.
Is terrorizing the populace evil? Yes.
Does it make Tywin worse than the likes of the Greyjoy Bros., Aerys the Mad, Ramsay & Roose Bolton, Joffrey, the Dothraki hordes, or the slavers of Essos? Hardly.
I see Tywin as "the devil you know." As ruthless as he is, I'd rather have him in control of the country than a psychopath like the Bastard of Bolton or Joffrey.
1528	RSasoiaf	2012-05-13	With respect to using the Brave Companions, Lorch and Gregor in a campaign of terror, Tywin has three choices:1) Use them to terrorize the countryside (obviously)2) Ignore them and risk someone else taking them into their service (Bolton, of course, ends up doing just that with the Goat)3) Execute them as criminals.(3) Seems to be the most just course. But then, Ser Gregor & Ser Amory are landed knights, notwithstanding Eddard attainting Gregor. And Joffrey, whom Tywin sees as the rightful king, doesn't recognize that action. Since these monsters are acting on behalf of the Crown or of House Lannister, condemning them wouldn't make any sense. As for the Brave Companions, well, provoking them would be plain stupid. So that leaves him with options 1 & 2.(2) Would be too risky.Ergo, using them was Tywin's best course. That is not to say it isn't cruel, because it is. However, even in our own world pillaging, killing and destroying are hardly unknown throughout history. Two of England's favourite sons, Edward III & Henry V, used the dreaded chevauchee ("foraging") to strike fear in the hearts of the French, not to mention ruining their adversaries' supplies.Is terrorizing the populace evil? Yes.Does it make Tywin worse than the likes of the Greyjoy Bros., Aerys the Mad, Ramsay & Roose Bolton, Joffrey, the Dothraki hordes, or the slavers of Essos? Hardly.I see Tywin as "the devil you know." As ruthless as he is, I'd rather have him in control of the country than a psychopath like the Bastard of Bolton or Joffrey.There are a few flaws with this logic.1 - Joffrey was not acting king in the books because he was still a children. Tywin was the actual ruller and Tyrion had this power in KL. The series changes this a bit but it seems that Tyrion still kind of overrules Joffrey so that means Tywin can do it also if he wants.2 - Those guys may be knights and they may even have armies of their own. Still, if they would go against orders from their liege lord, they would be game for all other bannerman and IÂ´m quite sure there would be people interested on having their castles and lands. You see, this is how Lords keep more or less control, they play with this idea that those who follow their orders get to kick someone elseÂ´s hass and have their lands. This was the kind of threat that kept the BoltonÂ´s in check up north. 3 - Terrorizing enemy population is an act of war and is obviously used when you are in a state of open war against someone. The thing with Tywin doing it is not that he did it but that he did it first and he pretty much went way up with agression levels before anyone else had armies on the field. And this really undermines the Tywin as a peacemaker........
1529	The Monkey	2012-05-13	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=TbwroS0YP54Oh dear God...
1530	Nuncle Patchwell	2012-05-13	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=TbwroS0YP54Oh dear God...Why, he is a Lannister! They can dance if they want to, and dress real neat.http://www.youtube.c...KfyTBII&ob=av2e
1531	jon rr stark	2012-05-18	I saw it last night and I think he does an excellent job filling in the character we dont see in the books. He has to have a terrible reputation, Arya is his chance to talk to someone and reveal perhaps another side to him as she in his eyes is not important, but admired her as she is also playing a role for a purpose. It shows the tightrope Ayra is walking and how Twyin likes to despence wisdom, its almost as if he is too clever by half and completly misses the prize right under his nose. Dance is full of barely concealed malevolent malace. He shows contempt for most of those around him which book Tywin also did. This comtempt is shown in the fear even his closest advisors have of him. I think Tv twyin depicts book twyin very well and adds the onscreen things the book cannot convey.
1532	ShadowRaven	2012-05-07	It seemed all so sudden, and so unnatural. I'm referring to the opening of this weeks episode. The acting seemed forced and not natural.
And not to mention the HUGE diversion from the books. This whole episode seemed 40% different from the books, which - yes - did bother me.
I'm referring to the way Theon captured Winterfell, how Rodrik died, how LF presented himself to Tywin and how impossible Jaqen's killing of that dude who couldn't read seemed. I mean; I know the FM can do some pretty epic shizzle, but not in that way. It seemed too forced.
Or how about that dragon storyline for Daenarys! I know I know, 'it's television and needs to be different' or 'otherwise she wouldn't have a big role', BUT still, it seemed too different. Now Dany will probably go to the house of the undying because her dragons were stolen; no such thing happened in the books.
I give this week's episode a 7/10 at most.
What are your thoughts on the matter?
1533	Crown	2012-05-07	The opening sequence (Theon taking Winterfell) was sublime.
1534	Reposado	2012-05-07	Didnt mind the dragon theft. they need something for dany to do this season.
the rest ehh, they are making bad decisions this season
1535	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-07	I actually don't care, imho, this was the best episode of Season 2 so far. Of course there is the huge diversion, but without the Reeds, the Bastard and limited budget, I think they did a great job. No, Cassel didn't die this way in the books, but he replaced the one Theon killed that way, don't remember his name anymore though. It had more emotion, especially with Bran and Rickon helpless to do anything. 
And actually, the capturing itself wasn't really that different from the book if I recall it well. It was kind of a surprise with few men to capture the castle, Theon told Bran in his bedroom to yield the castle because Theon needed the people etc. 
All of the actions of Littlefinger are quite different on TV than in the books, I have to say. He never visited Catelyn and made that stupid remark, never went to Tywin at Harrenhal to discuss the Tyrell-matter etc. Moreover, it seemed as if he did recognise Arya at last, but didn't say a word to Tywin, I'm wondering how the writers are going to solve that. 
I loved Jaqen and Arya this episode. That epic look Jaqen gave her; priceless.
1536	Fez	2012-05-07	All I demand from a work of fiction is that be internally consistent; once that trick's down we can move on to things like dialog, but it comes first. This is Game of Thrones not A Song of Ice and Fire and everything from that perspective was completely in line with what has come previously.And Qarth was always a weak point in the story, I think Dany going to the warlocks on a quest for revenge for 3 counts of dragon kidnapping adds a lot of much-needed drama to it.
1537	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	Dany's arc is a snoozefest throughout CoK (pretty much every review I've read notes that about the show, as well). Thank god they added some short term tension.
This episode was the most thoroughly entertaining this season. The tweaks to the story and characterization make it interesting. I could always just do another read-through, if that's what I wanted. But its not. What I want is good television. This episode delivered.
1538	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-07	The episode worked for me, they do less exposition now and more story, there are actual mini-arcs in one episode (see Osha convincing Theon and then freeing the kids f.e.).
There were some unnecessary weak points like the sitcomy way Robb's scenes with Jeyne/Talisa were set up, Jaqen literally able (and willing) to kil Armory Lorch in under 5 minutes or the fact that they have apparently already eaten all their horses in King's Landing (must have been the big bad budget monster).
Especially the way Robb and Talisa's "Epic Love Story" - copyright Hollywood - was presented, irked me. It seemed more of "Twu Luuv" than the pseudo-realism we're used to from Game of Thrones.
So, what bothered you more actually? The adaption from the books or the inner consistency of the tv series itself?
1539	Arkash	2012-05-07	I am not bothered at all, all the tiny changes they made, as I already said on three different topics today, are minor, the main lines of the story is here, there hasnt been any major change from the books yet, nothing uncatchable... and I really appreciate their decisions so far... except for the too much amount of sex eating screen-time for other stories, but since we hadnt any in the last two episodes, I'm glad of it !
1540	Hyper	2012-05-07	What??? The opening scene was probably one of the most sublime and well crafted 10 mins of the show yet.
I get that people have issues with the Qarth scenes, but I really think the show was firing on all cylinders with that opening.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 07 May 2012 - 04:31 PM.
1541	ShadowRaven	2012-05-07	I am not bothered at all, all the tiny changes they made, as I already said on three different topics today, are minor, the main lines of the story is here, there hasnt been any major change from the books yet, nothing uncatchable... and I really appreciate their decisions so far... except for the too much amount of sex eating screen-time for other stories, but since we hadnt any in the last two episodes, I'm glad of it !Have we forgotten about the Reeds so quickly? Or how about Reek (I know, Bolton's Bastard is still coming, but different Reek).
1542	Greenseer Stark	2012-05-07	I disagree with the OP. The start to this episode was one of the strongest to date. I thought the acting of the Stark children was first class, as was Alfie Allen(Theon).  Agree that Dany's story had to be given something more for it to translate well to television, so I'm all in favour of the dragon theft. The end result will be the same I'm guessing.
1543	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-05-07	I have never been a purist, but I`m with Shadowraven with this. This episode diverged from the book in every scene except the riot(-greeeeeat). Except Arya GRRMs version is better. Plus in retrospect I understand that they need to juice up Dany. But did not like how the Ygritte scene ended up. Whats gonna happen now, he`s going straight to the Wildlings out of love?? cliche- blah!! Winterfell was good enough, but in general they are not creating the shock n suprise factor that GRRM manages-too rushed intro.I hope this not means the will continue doing a complete juggle with the story. The promise of the bastard provided massive relief though.
1544	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	Have we forgotten about the Reeds so quickly? Or how about Reek (I know, Bolton's Bastard is still coming, but different Reek).You'll not see me mourning the Reeds.
1545	The Crannogman	2012-05-07	It seemed all so sudden, and so unnatural. I'm referring to the opening of this weeks episode. The acting seemed forced and not natural.And not to mention the HUGE diversion from the books. This whole episode seemed 40% different from the books, which - yes - did bother me.I'm referring to the way Theon captured Winterfell, how Rodrik died, how LF presented himself to Tywin and how impossible Jaqen's killing of that dude who couldn't read seemed. I mean; I know the FM can do some pretty epic shizzle, but not in that way. It seemed too forced.Or how about that dragon storyline for Daenarys! I know I know, 'it's television and needs to be different' or 'otherwise she wouldn't have a big role', BUT still, it seemed too different. Now Dany will probably go to the house of the undying because her dragons were stolen; no such thing happened in the books.These were my exact thoughts while watching the episode, and I am really surprised more people don't feel this way. The major plot lines in this episode (ie. sack of winter fell/Rodrick's beheading, Kings Landing riots, and Jon's story line) all seemed awkwardly done. This to me was the worst episode so far. The budget cuts and story line changes seemed so cheesy to me. Very disappointed.
1546	Blangadanger	2012-05-07	I was very happy with everything in this episode except Robb and Talisa. The writing in those scenes is not nearly as strong as it is in the rest of the series. I think I liked it better when he just showed up in Book 3 with a new wife without all the hardly believable schmooze between the two.
1547	turdle	2012-05-07	i do think they're diverging too far from the source in general, but still think this was the best episode of the season. i thought the taking of winterfell was great, it had my friends (non-readers) assuming it was a dream at first.  theon is my favorite character in the second book, so seeing his struggle given the new situation of ser rodrick was a great moral dilemma for him.
the one thing that i really did not like, was little finger having a bizarre desire to see the face of some random cup bearer working for tywin.
if you're hoping they're going to somehow come back around and make the show closer to the books, you're deluding yourself.  basically tyrion is the only character who's scenes really resemble the books anymore, and i don't expect that to change much. i've learned to just accept that at this point.
1548	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	THe difficult that this season and the future seasons will have is simply hte magnitude of GRRMs work. 
Season 1 was perfect in that it could follow the book so closely.  because the scale of the book was essentially a 10 hour movie.
Season 2 just starts making the world larger (and the problem will only get worse from a tv perspective).  They really needed to make this season 13 or 15 episodes to do it justice.  There is just too little time to devote to the individual story lines.  That is what is lacking for me.  Even great stuff like last night's capture of Winterfell seemed rushed. 
and things will only get worse next season.
1549	turdle	2012-05-07	THe difficult that this season and the future seasons will have is simply hte magnitude of GRRMs work.Season 1 was perfect in that it could follow the book so closely.  because the scale of the book was essentially a 10 hour movie.Season 2 just starts making the world larger (and the problem will only get worse from a tv perspective).  They really needed to make this season 13 or 15 episodes to do it justice.  There is just too little time to devote to the individual story lines.  That is what is lacking for me.  Even great stuff like last night's capture of Winterfell seemed rushed.and things will only get worse next season.i used to think that too, but really that excuse doesn't hold up.  for one thing, they are not obligated to do one book per season, as the producers have themselves said. this is not a movie that needs to be kept at around 2 hours, this is a television show that HBO would love to continue until the end of time assuming the ratings held up. so what if they didn't reach the end of clash of kings when episode 10 hit? and beyond that, they're not only trying to squeeze all of acok, they're going to be into asos for a number of story lines by the end of this season.the rush through the books is not an issue of time, it's purely a decision by the producers.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 07 May 2012 - 05:39 PM.
1550	Kenneth Yung	2012-05-07	Although I also feel the show is starting to take a lot more liberties with plot changes rather than just plot streamlining, I still think the show is doing great job. The whole A Song of Fire and Ice series is undoubtly a character driven story. So long as the series is able to still properly portray the characters motivations and personality as well as move them through the key plot checkpoints, it should not be a big deal. Especially because the current actors are doing an amazing job at bringing the story characters to life. Theon especially now. We're getting a really good sense of how torn up he is between his Northern upbringing and the Iron way. In the books, he just turncloaked too easily.  
So to address some specific complaints:
-Replacing Jeyne Westerling. Kind of a big change IMO. But as long as Robb ends up reluctantly breaking his Oath to the Freys to marry another girl out of love, than its not a big deal. In the show though, seems like he's the one trying to bang her. And she's not a noble. So it seems a bit out of character.
-No Reeds. Understandable considering budgets, timing, finding good child actors. They aren't the most critical characters in the book so far and can certainly be introduced in a later season if they turn out to play some key role in The Winds of Winter. Not quite sure how they''ll split up Rickon and Bran now though. I figured Osha would replace the Reeds
-Rodrik Cassel. Not a big deal. I figure that Theon will be convinced to surrender to Ramsey. Ramsey comes in and slaughters Winterfellians and Ironmen alike. Shows Ramsey a psychopath. Same result.  
-Peter Baelish at Harrenhal. Dont know why this was thrown in. Its probably to keep Baelish on the show. Doesnt change much unless something actually happens between him and Arya. 
-Qarth - All the filler up to the warlocks temple wasnt that memorable. Her dragons getting stolen makes for understandibly better television. Gives her a better reason to burn the warlock temple down then, "a bunch of dead blue wise ones wanted to eat me"
-Jon / Ygritte - This change I dont like personally. I feel like him specifically receiving orders from the halfhand to join the wildlings and then him killing halfhand is such an important part of Jon's characterization. But.. i guess its workroundable. Watching Ygritte snuggle with him and him being like WTF was cute. 
-Amory and Jaqen - it was a funny scene and worth it IMO
So bottom line in my opinion. Acting still great. Plot should still be progressing along key points. 
NO big deal!
1551	Arkash	2012-05-07	-Jon / Ygritte - This change I dont like personally. I feel like him specifically receiving orders from the halfhand to join the wildlings and then him killing halfhand is such an important part of Jon's characterization. But.. i guess its workroundable. Watching Ygritte snuggle with him and him being like WTF was cute.Dont worry, it is obvious Qhorin will reappear again!
1552	OliveJonSnow	2012-05-07	I've been watching the series with someone who hasn't read the books.  I help fill in the cracks or answer questions.  At the end of this episode all I could say was "I've got nothing....."
SO many changes!  I've decided to roll with the punches and forget what I know.
1553	turdle	2012-05-07	Dont worry, it is obvious Qhorin will reappear again!i agree, i thought when he asked ygritte what they would do with him if they captured him was set up for him deciding to have jon get captured instead of him. as though he planned to get captured himself, but hearing her say they'd cut his head off, he must change his plan to get at mance.
1554	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-07	its an adaptation. not the book /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1555	Envie	2012-05-07	The opener scene was such a stunner. I actually had to stop it, cry for a minute, and restart it. I was totally NOT expecting the direction they just went with Theon and Ser Rodrik! 
At first I was annoyed by the rest of the changes, but now its growing on me and I have to say the producers are taking strategic liberties with the plot that for the most part work really well. There have been a couple of areas that fell flat for me (such as the addition of whore scenes that never existed) but pretty much all of the major plot changes have made sense and still flow with the overall story in general.
To me, its ok so long as the story still goes the way GRRM wrote it overall... meaning no major characters were killed that weren't in the book (such as lets say Sansa or Sam or someone else that may affect later story arcs). 
Having Rodrik hacked up by Theon was very shocking but it doubly intensifies the pure tragedy of Theon's story even more than it already was for book fans. We already knew Rodrik dies so how they chose to have him die was not so much a big deal and this was a really dramatic way to do it. There's a lot of stuff from the books that they don't have time to put on film for you to truly get a feel of how hated Theon was with the sacking of Winterfell, so I felt like this was a good way for them to bring that to life while still remaining true to the story.
1556	Indigocell	2012-05-07	I consider myself one of the lucky ones to be able to enjoy this series for it's own merits, I don't concern myself too much with how it plays out in the books.  
I'm not bothered by the changes, although I do feel sometimes that certain scenes fall short of expectations.  That said...
-Theon taking Winterfell happened off screen, however the way he described it was essentially the same way it happened in the books.  He only needed a small raiding party with grappling hooks.  Killing Rodrick here makes sense if they don't want to introduce Ramsay until later as well, it also sort of cements Theon's downfall showing how far he is really willing to go.
- The Jeyne Westerling change isn't terribly important as long as she fulfills the same role, besides Jeyne Westerling is about as generic sounding a name as Jon Northerly.  Just my opinion, hehe.
- I'm having trouble recalling how it happens in the books, but I do seem to recall Arya frantically searching for Jaqen to kill someone in order to save herself.  Isn't this more or less the way it goes down?
As a sidenote, I think Jaqen is coming off way cooler on screen than I thought he was in the books.  I wish we could keep this actor for the entire series, it will be sad when he sheds that mask. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1557	Milcov	2012-05-07	The change with Jeyne is annoying me more than anything, it's also going to make Robb look more of a fool now that Cat has had that talk with him.
No, Arya had two (cruel but unimportant) guards killed then realised she had one left and tricked Jaqen into freeing some Northern Lords to take over Harrenhal
And Jaqen was cool in the books too.
1558	turdle	2012-05-07	Having Rodrik hacked up by Theon was very shocking but it doubly intensifies the pure tragedy of Theon's story even more than it already was for book fans. We already knew Rodrik dies so how they chose to have him die was not so much a big deal and this was a really dramatic way to do it. There's a lot of stuff from the books that they don't have time to put on film for you to truly get a feel of how hated Theon was with the sacking of Winterfell, so I felt like this was a good way for them to bring that to life while still remaining true to the story.i think it serves the purposes of the writers even more than that. if theon is willing to behead rodrik, it's even more convincing that he would be willing to behead... oh i don't know... lets say a couple of other people...
1559	Envie	2012-05-07	i think it serves the purposes of the writers even more than that. if theon is willing to behead rodrik, it's even more convincing that he would be willing to behead... oh i don't know... lets say a couple of other people...I had considered this possibility as well. They may be setting viewers up to really believe Theon is so despicable to have performed such villainous acts. Good call!
1560	Monk Meth-	2012-05-07	marcella crying bothered me.. considering how big of a point they made it for us to know she didn't crying when she was leaving in the book.
1561	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-07	I like the dragon-napping personally, because the whole conclusion of the HOTU sequence in the book was one of the biggest WTF? moments for me in the series.
Pyat Pree seemingly attacking Dany at random, without any clear motivation? WTF?
A baby dragon, barely able to fly and with all the firepower of a cigarette lighter burning down the sprawling complex that the HOTU was described as in the books? WTF?
Burning down the HOTU because one warlock went crazy, and the Qartheen not lynching Dany on the spot? WTF?
the whole thing just seemed strange to me.
Give Dany some more drama and motivation. Works for me.
1562	House Snow	2012-05-07	I like the dragon-napping personally, because the whole conclusion of the HOTU sequence in the book was one of the biggest WTF? moments for me in the series.Pyat Pree seemingly attacking Dany at random, without any clear motivation? WTF?A baby dragon, barely able to fly and with all the firepower of a cigarette lighter burning down the sprawling complex that the HOTU was described as in the books? WTF?Burning down the HOTU because one warlock went crazy, and the Qartheen not lynching Dany on the spot? WTF?the whole thing just seemed strange to me.Give Dany some more drama and motivation. Works for me.I m with you.  I think the purist stick their heads in the sand about the fact that as great as his story is, GRRM did a lot, and I mean a lot of things that don't make sense, or were deus ex machina, or you get the point.  To me  one area the show is really doing a good job, esp with the female characters, is making things realistic.  Catelyn callouness, Cersei sensual craziness, Arya the psychotic killer, Sansa's traitor streak, Margaerys innocense all were really really over the top.  People say the show is not subtle enough but in reality sometime GRRM subtleness was just pulling stuff out his ass, rationality be damned.  I like that the show gives hints to the why someone does something before it happens.  People actually have motives that make sense now.  Dany Dragons to the HOTU is a perfect example of that.
1563	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	Nope. I think the abruptness of the opening scene was a positive and a lesson in how such a scene should be done. Too many films and shows overuse "foretelling"- dramatic irony only works if it is used sparingly and as the out of the blue events are a GRRM specialty, I think the first scene was both in character with the books and great. Jaqen can kill people in whatever way he likes, he's a FM. I thought it was too ordinary a killing if anything. Every change in this epsiode, IMO, was a triumph. If I wanted to go over the story of the books rather than someone else's portrayal that captures the spirit and characters and (so far, though I have my worries) important aspects of plot, if just reread the books. A straight adaptation, like a straight cover, frequently adds nothing to a piece of art, and letting adaptors, be they covering musicians, actors or directors, put their own interpretation onto their adaptation is the entire point behind it
1564	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	-Replacing Jeyne Westerling. Kind of a big change IMO. But as long as Robb ends up reluctantly breaking his Oath to the Freys to marry another girl out of love, than its not a big deal. In the show though, seems like he's the one trying to bang her. And she's not a noble. So it seems a bit out of character.-I still think it is Jeyne or someone like her. If I could find a bookie offering odds on her bring a noble, I'd put a huge bet on it. She even admits it in this episode! Every single bit of her characterisation shouts noble, and more than a bit shouts Princess Jasmine from Disney's Aladdin. I'd put a smaller bet on her being a Westerosi noble, too, or at least being a Lannister bastard
1565	Morrigan	2012-05-07	Yes. I enjoyed the opening of the episode, and the riot (minus the Romero zombie flick silliness), but there's only so many changes you can make just for the sake of having changes before it moves from being an adaptation and straight into hackneyed  fanfiction territory. This episode crossed the line for me. Now if only the changed scenes were well-written, I might be more tolerant, but they were shoddily executed and broke internal consistency multiple time. This is the biggest issue for me.
1566	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	What do you think broke internal consistency? There may well have been stuff but I didn't notice anything
1567	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	Ah actually LF being at Harrenhal so quickly is a little odd. But as GRRM is about the worst person at getting distances, positions and timings in order whose work I have encountered in any medium since Heroditus, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that they were just trying to stick to the spirit of the books
1568	victim	2012-05-07	It's not that big of a deal really. Littlefinger took the same amount of "episode" time -- from the beginning of episode 5 to the beginning of episode 6 -- getting from the Stormlands to Harrenhal as it took for Ned to get from Winterfell to King's Landing in Season 1. The only difference is this one happens off-screen.
1569	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	Ah actually LF being at Harrenhal so quickly is a little odd. But as GRRM is about the worst person at getting distances, positions and timings in order whose work I have encountered in any medium since Heroditus, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that they were just trying to stick to the spirit of the booksCatelyn also shows up in Robb's camp in the same amount of time. We have to assume, given that Theon made it from the Iron Islands to Winterfell, that weeks have passed. The showrunners have obviously given up trying to telegraph passage of time to the audience.
1570	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-07	The opening scene was one of the best scenes in the series thus far. I am not a purist. If I wanted the book, I'd READ THE BOOK. I totally expect and WANT the show to diverge a little bit. Often when they do diverge, it's for the best. The added scenes have been wonderful additions. Roz has been the only dud in that regard. 
Anyway, everyone's acting during the Sack of Winterfell scene was what really made it. Alfie Allen deserves at least a nomination for this. My heart was in my throat the whole time even though I knew what would happen.
1571	congokong	2012-05-07	The actor playing Bran did a terrible job when Theon burst in. He looked like he wanted to hit the snooze and go back to sleep.
1572	victim	2012-05-07	The actor playing Bran did a terrible job when Theon burst in. He looked like he wanted to hit the snooze and go back to sleep.That wasn't the acting, it was the script. Great way to show confusion, in my opinion.
1573	Chelly	2012-05-07	I'm not bothered at all. TBH, the only thing that really bothers me is why do they keep showing the Wall in the opening credits when they are not at the?! Yes, that's pretty much it. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1574	cromagnificent	2012-05-07	Taking off Ser Rodrick's head was brilliant IMO. It had much more dramatic effect than killing Mikken or the kennel master who we have no connection to. The look on Alfie Allen's face was masterful acting.It was the perfect portrayal of a man who knows he just went too far to ever turn back. I had to pause the show and just stare for 10 minutes to let it sink in. Maybe my favorite episode thus far. As far as the Reeds go don't get all sweaty and worked up. I saw at least 2 dozen posts of people freaking out bcuz Ramsey wasn't cast yet  either but it looks like he's good to go so I bet the Reeds are in the mix too..
1575	johnnysd	2012-05-07	Actually not at all. 
I truly believe that the TV show is providing a tighter more interesting show than the books, with beautiful symmetry with  previous seasons and better character arcs.
Season is hitting EVERY MAJOR point in the books, but is getting there in a streamlined and improved fashion in many ways. I think many characters are deeper, MORE grey and much more interesting than their more one-dimensional book counterparts.
I agree with almost every decision they have made this year (except for Yara), and even some changes that seem limiting like the deaths of almost all of Dany's khalasar will pay dividends down the road in her arc.
The books are special things. They are so complex and deep and detailed, and the events are not tidy with seemingly dozens of minor characters and extra characters that okay pivotal roles at certain parts of the books. It reads almost like history and the fact that the scope and breadth of the sheer number of players contribute to the story in some way gives it incredible realism. GRRM is consistent in this and only in a few instances goes the "obvious" and formulaic way of using his characters
The TV show condenses many characters so that the main characters have richer and denser arcs in the show, and it makes the experience much better. It's not like they cut down that much either, there are still probably 15-20 fairly major characters. At this point in the books though there is probably 50.
But the main story is actually untouched and the key moments all happen. It is still amazingly faithful to the books. Some of the changes, like Dany's dragons being stolen, seem like elements that GRRM should have included himself. 
I think that the show and the books are separate but equal and both neat the pinnacle of excellence for their medium.
1576	johnnysd	2012-05-07	Catelyn also shows up in Robb's camp in the same amount of time. We have to assume, given that Theon made it from the Iron Islands to Winterfell, that weeks have passed. The showrunners have obviously given up trying to telegraph passage of time to the audience.And lets face it, GRRM does the same exact thing. Exactly when some things happen in ASOIAF or even time between scenes is ften a complete mystery in the series.
1577	Patchface12	2012-05-07	The only thing I thought was kind of stupid was Amory Lorch's death. I felt this great feeling of satisfaction when he got fed to the bear. His death was just so forgettable and unrealistic in the show.
Robb said he could tell Talissa was highborn, which leads me to believe she is Jeyne under some guise. Tho why he would marry someone who deliberately lied to him I don't know.
I'm hoping Jon eventually does let Ygritte go and find the Halfhand and co., and all those events are nothing more than filler
One change I did sort of like was Jaime having dyslexia
1578	Frumpus	2012-05-07	They kept the spirit of the original story, and the only real change was the ending cliffhanger, which I'm sure will be resolved rather quickly in next week's episode. I really don't get why people are complaining. It is impossible to follow the book word by word. They have to condense stuff. It's common sense.
1579	congokong	2012-05-07	That wasn't the acting, it was the script. Great way to show confusion, in my opinion.No. It was the acting. He didn't seem surprised, and his tone was uninterested.
1580	MrDoog	2012-05-07	Nope I'm not too bothered.
Was very curious as to how they were planning on spicing up Daenery's arc, stealing dragons is as good as any I suppose.
The first scene at Winterfell was done excellently imo.
The Robb love interest thing is slightly peculiar. I don't have a problem with it, I just think it's all rather pointless to change it from how the books' portrayal. My best guess is that they're doing this in order to give Robb more screen time, rather than having long periods where he's absent. I think that's a big positive overall and in having him as a main-ish character it will serve to increase his tragedy in the next season, in that the audience will be emotionally invested in bride and groom. Good call by the show writers I think.
Having Arya serve as Tywin's cupbearer? Grand. For the purposes of a tv show, a major player like Tywin does need to be shown more and be kept fresh in the viewers' mind.
Jon & YGritte.. too early to judge or say how they're going to polish that off. But they've dedicated too much air time to Halfhand to not feature him in the next episode or two.
The important thing is that none of these adaptation changes are detracting from the key points of the book or the characterisation of our main players. And all the while the show is made more accessible to those that haven't read the books. I'm loving the series, I loved the books. They're slightly different. So what.
The only thing in the whole series that has really annoyed me was in season one when Tyrion gets knocked unconscious before his battle, and as a result, half of me can't wait for the battle of Blackwater while the other half is dreading it.
					
					
							Edited by MrDoog, 07 May 2012 - 11:43 PM.
1581	Honey Badger	2012-05-07	I liked the episode.  Changes should be judged individually, not biased against simply because they don't match the books.  A 1:1 adaptation would probably be rather boring.
Ygritte I think is yummy; sufficiently cute yet wild, and the actress looks like a geek.  Well done.  I guess she doesn't start her catchphrase "you know nothing, Jon Snow," until later.
Ser Rodrick was properly handled and compressed.  They just don't have the screen time to show Rodrick cavorting around and getting his arm hacked off.  And Theon hacking Rod's head off is more meaningful than some random smith or helper.  Rodrick was the one who taught Theon how to swing a sword, after all.  Now Theon will get a discreet story line with the Bastard of Bolton without Rod involved. 
Dany's dragon kidnap is kind of lame, but they need to make up storyline for her.  Dany, for being the eventual invader of Westeros, is one of the most boring characters in the series.  I'm glad they're doing something, anything with that character.  Aegon the Conqueror by comparison seemed to have a lot more charisma, which is funny since he's mainly a blurb and passing lore.
The Reeds I'm glad were cut.  There was a fair amount of filler to Bran's journey, and it's fine that a warg can have green seeing dreams too.  Might as well compress all that.  The only thing I think they should keep around is Howland Reed's role in fighting the King's Guard with Ned.  It was an awesome flashback with Ned being sad about having to cut down noble men, and how it wasn't a beginning but a sad end, and the whole talk of bringing back the Sword of the Morning back to Arthur's family.  Great stuff.
1582	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	I would of loved to see the ironborn scale the walls, some whispers in the darkness before they closed in.
I know the sudden and unexpected nature of the attack is the point of it and HBO might have wanted to reflect that. 
For the medium it would have felt a bit less awkward with a stealth invasion as a setup.  Have Bran having a bad dream of waves crashing on the shore.  Have Bran be relieved to be woken up by Theon and then the switch.
1583	aimlessgun	2012-05-08	Ep. didn't really work for me.
-The entire Lorch saga felt contrived.
-Littlefinger randomly showing up felt ridiculous considering distances.
-Jon's part was cute and Ygritte is doing an amazing job IMO, but I got too bogged down worrying how the fuck Quorin is going to tell Jon to kill him (and if that doesn't happen, wow....).
-Dany is really coming off terribly in the show, and I suppose it's intentional, showing her megalomaniacal and/or childish side, but it's a bit annoying to experience on screen.
-Theon being all like "surprise, I've got Winterfell" threw me off from the beginning. Osha annoys the hell out of me for some reason, purely personal prejudice I'd imagine (probably some unfair comparisons to the Reeds as well). But Bran and Rodrick's beheading were great.
Anyways, the EP made me realize that a lot of the pleasure I get from this show is contingent on seeing scenes from the books that I have in my imagination played out on screen. If an episode doesn't give me anything in this regard, I feel let down. Obviously doesn't have to be the whole episode, but I think this one is the first where literally nothing went down like I pictured in my head.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 08 May 2012 - 12:09 AM.
1584	kirazikins	2012-05-08	I wasn't bothered at all this week. Yes, there were a lot of deviations but I think they are understandable and were well performed / executed. 
I'd rate this episode a 8.5/10
1585	DirtyRobes	2012-05-08	No. It was the acting. He didn't seem surprised, and his tone was uninterested.That's exactly what I Loved about the way he acted that scene. He was literally Just woken up by Theon... his minds going WTF? how is Theon here? He is at war with Robb? Why would Robb send him home???He doesn't know the Ironborn have risen up and reclaimed the Seastone Chair, as far as he is concerned at this point Theon is still like a brother to him.
1586	Independent George	2012-05-08	The opening sequence was my favorite part of the episode, maybe my favorite part of the season. I have absolutely nothing bad to say about it, at all.After my initial shock at the dragon theft, I thought that made a hell of a lot more sense than what happened in the books. Of course somebody's going to just go and steal her dragons; my only question is why nobody tried it sooner.I love the Tywin/Arya scenes, but I thought something was lost by having her kill Amory Lorch in that manner. One of the great things about Weese's death was that it made you wonder how in the hell did Jaqen get the dog to turn on its master like that, and what, exactly, was the extent of his powers. I don't care much about adhering to the book's events, but such a mundane murder diminishes the subtle chills behind one of the great moments in the book.Robb/Talisa fell flat and forced to me.
1587	wood_dat_aye_could	2012-05-08	Simply put... Best episode in the entire series.  Dany scene at the end was a mind yuck, yes, and too much mystery w/ the Westerling chick.  But, sooo much action.  I sincerely appreciate the changes, because it keeps me guessing where they are going w/ it, instead of simply waiting for things to happen.
... The mere mention of Bolton's Bastard got my adrenaline going, and always wanted to see how the Hound saved Sansa.
1588	zippypoodle	2012-05-08	Have we forgotten about the Reeds so quickly? Or how about Reek (I know, Bolton's Bastard is still coming, but different Reek).I honestly couldn't care less about the Reeds and do not understand why a considerable number of people think they are so vital to the story. If the Reeds are your favorite secondary characters and you're disappointed for that reason, then OK, I get the disappointment. But as far as being absolutely vital to the story, not so much.  Jojen is an annoying know-it-all and is bascially an exposition device. And Meera catches frogs.
1589	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-08	Loved it, they got right to the point.
1590	Ser Buggerthat	2012-05-08	LF is the guy in this series, who explains and summerizes the events for the vievers - that's why he is got a bigger role here than in the book
1591	ShadowRaven	2012-05-08	I have never been a purist, but I`m with Shadowraven with this. This episode diverged from the book in every scene except the riot(-greeeeeat). Except Arya GRRMs version is better. Plus in retrospect I understand that they need to juice up Dany. But did not like how the Ygritte scene ended up. Whats gonna happen now, he`s going straight to the Wildlings out of love?? cliche- blah!! Winterfell was good enough, but in general they are not creating the shock n suprise factor that GRRM manages-too rushed intro.I hope this not means the will continue doing a complete juggle with the story. The promise of the bastard provided massive relief though.Exactly.I don't understand people saying the opening was REALLY good. It all seemed to go too fast and too forced. All of the actors in the opening weren't on their best. Maybe I'll have a different opinion on a re-watch, but it fellt really awkward and most of the acting if not all sucked in the opening.It was not explained how Rodrik got wounded; he had A LOT of men, how the hell did he get beaten up? Too random.The Jaqen part was ridiculous. FM are indeed a strong club, but not so strong that they can kill a soldier in just 2 seconds after finding out he needed to die. Unless he has super speed of course.I'm starting to think that D&D are trying to rewrite everything in their own fashion; really gets on my nerves.They hire an actor play a whore, but they can't hire two child actors for the role of the Reeds? What the hell? And people may say their roles aren't significant, but that's not true. They are VERY important to Bran's storyline. It's like wanting to cut out Maester Luwin because he doesn't come up often. Or cutting Jorah from Dany's storyline. Basically the same bloody thing.I'll keep watching the show, but somehow I have a dreadfull feeling that D&D are going to ruin the show because they want to rush. COK should have been 15 episodes, not 10. Because of that, the opening felt too rushed.So yeah....
1592	ShadowRaven	2012-05-08	I have to disagree with some of you saying the replacing scenes of Arya/Bran were better/good. In my opinion they weren't. Wanna know why?
Because the whole point of their deaths were to write a drama and how the death of those characters affected the pov characters. For example Arya: She was mistreated by the person overlooking her, so she got him killed. That could show the tv viewer that Arya has a darker side. They also killed the Tikler off too fast. Now we won't see a scene where Arya bloody murders him over and over by stabbing him over and over again. That scene would be GOLD and maybe win her an emmy, but no, they had to do it D&D's way. Bugger them.
The whole point of Mikken's death and the others were to show the readers the loyalty of the people of Winterfell to the Starks. Now, instead of meaningfull people's death, we get to see half chopped too quickly deaths of characters who should have died differently.
The Rodrik vs Bolton's Bastard war would have geen gold.
The Reeds entrance would be grand; their introduction was best 'we swear it by fire and blood, etc'.
I know we can't have everything, but they bloody blew it in my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by ShadowRaven, 08 May 2012 - 02:37 AM.
1593	aimlessgun	2012-05-08	COK should have been 15 episodes, not 10. Because of that, the opening felt too rushed.Well, they are moving a lot of stuff to S3, and book3 wont be over until S4. So in a sense it is 15 eps /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />The Reeds entrance would be grand; their introduction was best 'we swear it by fire and blood, etc'.By ice and fire, actually /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />By earth and water, blood and iron, ice and fire, iirc.Just because they're the only time the series name appears in the books doesn't mean they have to be in, but I do want them in because I really like the two of them and enjoy them so much.And I agree their oath of fealty is a 'nostalgia tears' moment when I recall it.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 08 May 2012 - 02:53 AM.
1594	ShadowRaven	2012-05-08	Well, they are moving a lot of stuff to S3, and book3 wont be over until S4. So in a sense it is 15 eps /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />By ice and fire, actually /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />By earth and water, blood and iron, ice and fire, iirc.Just because they're the only time the series name appears in the books doesn't mean they have to be in, but I do want them in because I really like the two of them and enjoy them so much.And I agree their oath of fealty is a 'nostalgia tears' moment when I recall it.Thx for correcting me, lol.
1595	The Last Dragon	2012-05-08	And Meera catches frogs.Damn right.
					
					
							Edited by The Last Dragon, 08 May 2012 - 03:16 AM.
1596	Sun	2012-05-08	The opening sequence, the taking of Winterfell, constituted the best 10 minutes of television I have seen this year! It was absolutely pitch perfect in every way. It adapted the book events beautifully, maximizing the power and emotion of those scenes. Bran/ Theon interaction in Bran's room was sooo goood! I think it's the most subtle touch the show has been able to deliver this season. It spoke volumes with very few lines and some masterful acting and blocking.
The episode did have a couple of scenes where it fell short of excellence, one was even down right cheesy - that plastic looking septon's arm - but as a whole this was the best paced, plotted and choreographed episode this season, for my money. It flowed beautifully, maintaining tension & drama from beginning to end.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 09 May 2012 - 09:06 AM.
1597	Steelbadger	2012-05-08	The opening sequence, the taking of Winterfell, constituted the best 10 minutes of television I have seen this year! It was absolutely pitch perfect in every way. It adapted the book events beautifully, maximizing the power and emotion of those scenes. Bran/ Theons interaction is Bran's room was sooo goood! I think it's the most subtle touch the show has been able to deliver this season. It spoke volumes with very few lines and some masterful acting and blocking.The episode did have a couple of scenes where it fell short of excellence, one was even down right cheesy - that plastic looking septon's arm - but as a whole this was the best paced, plotted and choreographed episode this season, for my money. It flowed beautifully, maintaining tension & drama from beginning to end.I gotta throw my lot in on this side of the argument.Bran/Theon I thought was very well done, particularly Bran's reaction to Theon's presence.  He was tired and pretty unmoved when he was awoken by Theon because it's Theon, the guy he's known literally his whole life, the guy who saved his life from wildlings no more than a few months ago.  He awakes to find Theon in his bedchamber and, in the thicket of confused thoughts crowding his waking mind he grabs the most familiar which is "Oh, it's Theon, I wonder what he wants?"  Instantly 'getting' the gravity of the situation would be inhuman.The Arya/Jaqen scenes were great; they needed to show that Jaqen is almost inhumanly good at killing people, in the book this is done via exposition and detailed description of how the targets came to sticky but, more importantly, obviously accidental ends.  In the show it is very difficult to convey that kind of death (I believe one of the targets was killed by his dogs in the book, somehow Jaqen got the dogs to attack him), the Tickler's death looked pretty much like a standard murder to my eyes so they decided to make Jaqen do something  'impossible' that translates well to screen.And it was a hilarious sequence.Jon/Ygritte admittedly it's been a while since I read this book but I didn't see any glaring departures, it seems obvious to me that they'll either meet up with Qhorin again or Jon will let Ygritte go and Jon will meet up with Qhorin before the fight with Rattleshirt.  If anything these scenes were for the purpose of giving Ygritte a more plausible reason for siding with Jon when the confrontation happens.Yeah, the High Septon getting literally pulled apart by a mob.  I must admit I don't speak from personal experience when I say this but I should think an arm is jolly difficult to pull off a body like that.  It's a pretty sturdy collection of bones, muscles and tendons in that area, dislocation, sure, as that's just a case of leverage but actually pulling it OFF the torso?  Wat.  And these folk are meant to be starving.  Even attempting to cut it off with a knife would take longer than happens in show I'm sure (depends on the knife I suppose, but one small enough for me to not see it would probably be pretty wimpy).What else?  Oh, Robb needs a kick in the nadgers to keep him mind on the job (he could have done with this in the book too).
1598	Morpheus	2012-05-08	I too thought Lorch's death was hilarious and the fact that is was seemingly impossible set up just how good th FM are at killing. I fully expect for there to be fallout from Tywin witnessing an assassination on his doorstep, so that will probably add more differences to the story. Yes, it would have been cool to see Amory meet his end with the bear, but who knows if they will even have the Bloody Mummers, I am sure they can have someone else capture Jaime on the road.
I thought the opening was excellent, and the dragon theft is intriguing for now, let's see where they go with it next week.
1599	WinterWarrior	2012-05-08	I totally disagree - I thought this was a great episode and the beginning with Theon taking Winterfell was almost exactly like it was in the book. The other deviations were necessary because this is a TELEVISION adaptation of the books, and has to adapt to a television audience, many who have never read the books.
Dany's dragons being stolen adds some much needed drama to the Dany story in Qarth. I always thought it was unrealistic in the books that no one ever stole them....really? Her small raggled group with three dragons and no one ever tried to just take them in this bloodthirsty world that is Essos? I am interested in seeing how this plays into her scenes in the HofU.
1600	Arkash	2012-05-08	Just because they're the only time the series name appears in the books doesn't mean they have to be in, but I do want them in because I really like the two of them and enjoy them so much.Rhaegar says it too in the House of the Undying:"His is the Song of Ice and Fire".
1601	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	The actor playing Bran did a terrible job when Theon burst in. He looked like he wanted to hit the snooze and go back to sleep.Eh, I think he redeemed himself with the armour-piercing "did you always hate us?" question, and losing his shit in the courtyard when Theon was egged on to execute Rodrik.
1602	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	It seemed all so sudden, and so unnatural. I'm referring to the opening of this weeks episode. The acting seemed forced and not natural.And not to mention the HUGE diversion from the books. This whole episode seemed 40% different from the books, which - yes - did bother me.I'm referring to the way Theon captured Winterfell, how Rodrik died, how LF presented himself to Tywin and how impossible Jaqen's killing of that dude who couldn't read seemed. I mean; I know the FM can do some pretty epic shizzle, but not in that way. It seemed too forced.Or how about that dragon storyline for Daenarys! I know I know, 'it's television and needs to be different' or 'otherwise she wouldn't have a big role', BUT still, it seemed too different. Now Dany will probably go to the house of the undying because her dragons were stolen; no such thing happened in the books.I give this week's episode a 7/10 at most.What are your thoughts on the matter?Of those items, the only one I didn't like was the Lorch chase scene to the Jaqen killing him with a dart.  I'm sure FM are trained with weapons like that, I don't have a problem with it.  I have a problem with Arya being able to just yell NOW and he jumps at her command.  The example, and I know people who don't like comments about the books will pee themselves at this, is that Jaqen made a point to Arya in the books that the killings are done on his own time - it may take a year even.  The fact that she can just command him and he acts on it was just forced - as that whole scene felt.The dragons being stolen I'm ok with except from the standpoint that it now begs the question "why didn't anyone else try to take them before?"  Oh, and just how badass is Pyat Pree if he was able to take out all of those people?
1603	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	I wasn't bothered by the opening, I thought it was well-done.  My first thought listening to Bran react was "Dude, why aren't you taking this seriously?"  Second and all subsequent thoughts were along the lines of "Because he's a little kid that just got woken up by someone he's spent his whole life growing up with, why would he immediately believe the guy betrayed the Starks and is now holding him hostage."
I am liking the dragon theft more and more, as I think about it.  Dany's whole schtick for the entirety of aCoS was "I have tiny, baby dragons...give me everything I whine for."  That's kind of idiotic.  Any of the people helping her could have killed her and then been the sole possessor of dragons.  Instead, we get someone that had the forethought to actually go for the dragons.  It could wake her character up a little faster.
1604	Morpheus	2012-05-08	It didn't seem forced to me, he didn't jump just because she said "NOW", he was pretty clear on that point, she can't tell him when to kill, he reluctantly reacted because he knew she may have been captured or killed which at the very least would have left his debt unpaid.
1605	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-08	I kinda like the small changes that are in the TV show, because they make the story fresh even for people who have read and overanalyzed the novels. That been said, I don't like all the changes, eg the lack of the Reeds or Asha's new name (I will never get over that...)
1606	End of Disc One	2012-05-08	The opening scene was probably the best sequence in the show to date.
1607	Viking	2012-05-08	Re: the reeds, I think it is quite possible that Bran, Rickon, Hodor and Osha meet up with the Reeds while on the run. Jojen explains he dream for him and then meera takes Rickon and Osha takes Bran and Hodor to the Wall. You will need somebody to
1) Explain (expositionate) what a greenseer, warg and heart trees to Bran
2) Have somebody get Rickon and Shaggydog to wherever Wyman Manderley is convinced he needs a smuggler of Davos' skill to get to
1608	Reposado	2012-05-08	Well, they are moving a lot of stuff to S3, and book3 wont be over until S4. So in a sense it is 15 eps /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />yeahh but the blackwater is happening in episode 9. there isnt a lot of ACOK left after that.I kinda like the small changes that are in the TV show, because they make the story fresh even for people who have read and overanalyzed the novels. That been said, I don't like all the changes, eg the lack of the Reeds or Asha's new name (I will never get over that...)there have definitely been good changes. simplifying the politics of Qarth was much needed for TV. I don't mind the Reeds as Jojens knowledge of old stories can be taken up by Osha.But often, it seems like they don't know what they're doing. The skip important parts, and then leave in scenes that no longer make sense.(or at least aren't necessary) What was the point of introducing and killing Lommy, other than as a nod to people who have read the books. (this should be minimized) Without the escape and wanderings of Arya and co, Lommy meant nothing more than dozens of recruits who died in the same scene, and certianly much less than Loren. It shouldn't have been emotional for show Arya or viewers.
1609	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	I have to disagree with some of you saying the replacing scenes of Arya/Bran were better/good. In my opinion they weren't. Wanna know why?Because the whole point of their deaths were to write a drama and how the death of those characters affected the pov characters. For example Arya: She was mistreated by the person overlooking her, so she got him killed. That could show the tv viewer that Arya has a darker side. They also killed the Tikler off too fast. Now we won't see a scene where Arya bloody murders him over and over by stabbing him over and over again. That scene would be GOLD and maybe win her an emmy, but no, they had to do it D&D's way. Bugger them.I agree that they killed off the Tickler at the entirely wrong time. It's not like they were lacking in Lannister men to have Arya kill either. That guy who stole her sword and threatened to beat/kill her would have been a perfect replacement for Weese, whom Arya ordered killed because he hit her. But with the Tickler gone there won't be that future stabbity "Is there gold in the village ?" scene later, while I find it's one of Arya's most important scenes.The whole point of Mikken's death and the others were to show the readers the loyalty of the people of Winterfell to the Starks. Now, instead of meaningfull people's death, we get to see half chopped too quickly deaths of characters who should have died differently.The Rodrik vs Bolton's Bastard war would have geen gold.The Reeds entrance would be grand; their introduction was best 'we swear it by fire and blood, etc'.I know we can't have everything, but they bloody blew it in my opinion.I disagree with this however. For me it was hands down the best scene of the entire season so far, even more impactful than in the books. I'm slightly baffled as to how Rodrik came from Torrhen's Square on his own though, but otherwise I thought this scene was perfect. Maester Luwin desperately trying to send his raven first, Bran's intitial lack of reaction at the whole thing, Farlen speaking up against Theon and Theon eventually going along with Rodrik's execution while Bran loses it in the background... Even the music when Theon rage-kills Rodrik was pretty top-notch. They should have nominated Alfie Allen for the Emmys instead of Kit Harrington IMO.And I still think the Reeds can have a good entrance in Season 3, just not in Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 08 May 2012 - 09:13 AM.
1610	Strider	2012-05-08	I'm happy to see that so many people have made the adjustment and are now accepting that changes inevitably must be made for a television adaptation of Martin's books.  There are some core plot events and characterizations that probably must be included in any adaptation (that might be an interesting thread in itself), but the writers must be given plenty of latitude and freedom.  The question is not "Are the writers being faithful to the books in every detail?" but "Are they giving us a entertaining, compelling drama that is faithful, in spirit, to the books?"  If they accomplish the latter, then they have accomplished something wonderful.
I am thoroughly enjoying "Game of Thrones."  It's some of the best television I have seen in years, and I feel sorry for those who are unable to appreciate it on its own terms because their imaginations are too tied to the books.  We need to be honest.  Martin's books cannot be successfully translated to the screen as they stand.  They are too long, too convoluted, too dense.  Martin has created so many plot threads we are all wondering if he'll be able to to convincingly pull it all altogether.  Some of the stuff in these books is just bad.  The first book in the series was relatively easy to render into a mini-seires, but the difficulties for successful translation increase exponentially for each successive title.  It's all quite the narrative nightmare.  And that is why I think the writers are doing a splendid job.  Not a perfect job but a splendid job, nonetheless.  They are working with very difficult source material.  I have my own criticisms of the series, but my criticisms have to do with the television presentation on its own terms, not with the "changes" the writers have made to the books.
"Game of Thrones" is an adaptation of "Song of Ice and Fire."  It is not a visual transcription of the books.  It's an adaptation.  If you want to enjoy the show, you have to temporarily forget the books.  Let the writers and directors surprise you.  This is outstanding television.  This kind of television doesn't happen very often.
1611	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-08	I have no problem with the changes made. I liked this episode from beginning to end. The scene with lorch was ok since it showed how quick and skilled jaq'en is as a FM. Daenerysneeds to be busy and I like the intrigue. Theon invading Winterfell was actually good for me.
i am now ok with the fact that  the show will not follow the book totally but as long as the end result is the same, the acting good I am fine.
1612	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-08	"Game of Thrones" is an adaptation of "Song of Ice and Fire." It is not a visual transcription of the books. It's an adaptation. If you want to enjoy the show, you have to temporarily forget the books. Let the writers and directors surprise you. This is outstanding television. This kind of television doesn't happen very often.this, exactly.  I've never gotten upset over the changes.I like to be surprised and caught off guard.  Changing up the details, like who gets killed and when, is a great way to maintain some sense of suspense for people who already know what happens.  Giving 'behind the scenes' players like LF and Tywin more screen time is a great way to remind you of their importance, and keep you in the loop about other important stuff as well.Theon... Sansa/Hound.. Tyrion screaming at Joff... this had to be one of the best episodes yet.  Nailbiting suspense and intrigue.I think 'what's her name from Volantis' is going to be revealed as Jeyne Westerling as some big 'a-ha' moment at some point.  The shock is that she's related to the Lannisters.  She's already jokingly admitted to being a "lannister spy," so there you have it.What struck me as odd about all the Qarth stuff... was where the hell is Jorah in this episode?  He's always hanging around, stroking his beard and giving Dany/the viewers expository information and advice.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 08 May 2012 - 09:42 AM.
1613	WhiteWalder	2012-05-08	What struck me as odd about all the Qarth stuff... was where the hell is Jorah in this episode?  He's always hanging around, stroking his beard and giving Dany/the viewers expository information and advice.Good observation, but I don't think the scenes would have worked with Jorah standing there.  A potential new love/marriage interest and the spice trader treating her like a child would have seemed weird with Jorah just standing there.The thing that bothered me most about the episode was the dyslexia story that Tywin told about Jamie.  I don't think it added to show or story at all, and was just something to be different from the book.  It didn't make sense.
1614	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-08	Good observation, but I don't think the scenes would have worked with Jorah standing there.  A potential new love/marriage interest and the spice trader treating her like a child would have seemed weird with Jorah just standing there.The thing that bothered me most about the episode was the dyslexia story that Tywin told about Jamie.  I don't think it added to show or story at all, and was just something to be different from the book.  It didn't make sense.Jmeia is ydsxelic(sorry)
1615	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-08	The thing that bothered me most about the episode was the dyslexia story that Tywin told about Jamie. I don't think it added to show or story at all, and was just something to be different from the book. It didn't make sense.I thought this was brilliant actually.  I could totally imagine him being dyslexic... as a contrast to Tyrion who is naturally bookish.Since Jaime is basically out of the picture in this season, it's great to see his character developed this way.
1616	Morpheus	2012-05-08	I think the dyslexia story shows Tywin not accepting any weakness in his golden child despite the fact that the maester gave up on him. In contrast he hates deformed Tyrion who is a bright, bookish fellow like himself.
1617	IronSuitor	2012-05-08	TBH I'm enjoying a lot of the changes. The dragon theft, Arya/Tywin, and the "where in the world is Ramsay" saga all give me a little sense of anticipation, and honest sense that I don't know what will happen next.
1618	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	the problem i have with the changes is that so many of them are cliche
have robb fall for the beautiful peasant, no wait high born lady who just so happens to be spying for your enemy but dont worry love will conquer all
Arya with a kill wish spell handy spends weeks with the father of the brat who chopped off your head and you dont use it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Uber Lord Tywin has a heart of GOLD, gold, get it?
1619	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	umm I dont think there was ever a where is ramsey saga, he doesnt show up in the book until after the hunt (at least publicly), they just moved his character elsewhere (unless he is cleftjaw, which would be Stoopid)
1620	hesitantreader	2012-05-08	I love the episode and I really liked that they showed some of their cards as far as how they can keep the story alive past Storm of Swords.  
You needed to see Theon falling apart, you needed to see why the Boltons would dare to take the north while White Harbor has the only true army left up there, you needed to see how they would handle Bran's story.
Oh and the King's Landing story in this episode was awesome/epic/win!
					
					
							Edited by hesitantreader, 08 May 2012 - 11:08 AM.
1621	Queen Regent	2012-05-08	I really liked how they followed the books more closely in Season 1, but to be honest, it's been so long since I read the books that I don't mind the changes they are making in Season 2.  I'm sure it's hard to get everything crammed into so little time. 
I like Season 2, wish they'd do more than 10 episodes though.
1622	IronSuitor	2012-05-08	umm I dont think there was ever a where is ramsey saga, he doesnt show up in the book until after the hunt (at least publicly), they just moved his character elsewhere (unless he is cleftjaw, which would be Stoopid)Elswhere, as in where is he, how will he show up? It's a saga in my own pitifully obsessed mind.
1623	Septon Meribald	2012-05-08	Honestly I'd prefer any changes that are made to have a reason. That being said, I don't necessarily mind changes, I just ask that they make sense. Ser Rodrik being beheaded by Theon has emotional implications and removes the need for the battle outside Winterfell, which I'm sure would cause time and budget issues. This is ok with me. What I'm not ok with is hearing the episode before that Ser Rodrik was emptying Winterfell to go defend Torhen's Square and then find him back at Winterfell by himself. Either he returned with his hundreds of men who were slaughtered by Theon's dozen while they were also in the middle of securing Winterfell and rounding up it's inhabitants or he heard of the attack on Winterfell and decided it would be easier to protect it without an army. 
A minor nitpick about the King's Landing riot is that other than budgetary constraints, and really how much would it cost, I can see absolutely no reason why a king would be walking through the city. 
As for the dragon theft. I understand the desire for motivation for Dany, but I thought there was already ample motivation. 'I have no power to take back Westeros, the rulers of Qarth won't help me, the warlocks say they will, I will go to them." This seems like a reasonable and ample motivation for Dany to go to the House of the Undying. It also makes her betrayal once there more meaningful.
1624	IronSuitor	2012-05-08	the problem i have with the changes is that so many of them are clichehave robb fall for the beautiful peasant, no wait high born lady who just so happens to be spying for your enemy but dont worry love will conquer allArya with a kill wish spell handy spends weeks with the father of the brat who chopped off your head and you dont use it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Uber Lord Tywin has a heart of GOLD, gold, get it?We don't actually know how the whole Talissa thing ends up, though TV romances = insta cliche. (Not that the whole "you're injured, let me take care of you and fall into your waiting, horny arms so you can marry me against everyone's wishes" deal in the books is any less cliche, we were just wisely spared having to look at it.) Love is, unfortunately, a cliche emotion. Arya's life is going relatively well right now, if you hadn't noticed. That's due to a certain daddy Lannister who even in the books would never have gone out of his way to be cruel to a small girl he found useful.
1625	conny	2012-05-08	I dont understand why so many of you are upset with the Jon and Ygritte thing. She tells him often enough later that he couldnt kill her when he had the chance to do so. And that happened before Halfhand gave him the command to kill him an join the wildlings. Or am I so very mistaken?
The Reeds are quite important because they are the link between Ned-his sister-Jon Snow. The only one who was there at that time was their father. He must know what was really going on then. Who else is going to tell Jon (assuming R+L=J)?
Also in the books Robb just shows up with a wife. Why not let him fall in love on the battlefield?
IMHO I could do very well without Danny and her claim. "I take whats mine with fire an blood"! Doesnt she feel a bit ridiculous having to say that line over and over again? She hangs out far from home, depends on people she doesnt really know, would otherwise starve to death. But she can threaten everybody haha! Even in the books she does not even have a wet toe. But shes going to cross the narrow sea. Swim and get drowned girl and lets move on with the other characters.
1626	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-05-08	Jon not letting Ygritte go really fucking irked me.  Don't understand that change at all.
And yes, the opening was awful.
					
					
							Edited by Drinking Cersei's Tears, 08 May 2012 - 11:35 AM.
1627	IronSuitor	2012-05-08	Jon not letting Ygritte go really fucking irked me.  Don't understand that change at all.And yes, the opening was awful.I just can't see where people are coming from poo pooing the opening. I thought it was great, and pretty much every review I've seen said the same. Not really worth discussing, I suppose.As to Jon, I'm assuming they're just delaying Ygritte's escape/release. It's 50/50 whether Jon'll wake up and she's gone. If it works out otherwise, I'll probably be the first in line to criticize it, but right now I think their just establishing a relationship as early as possible.
1628	Reposado	2012-05-08	The Reeds are quite important because they are the link between Ned-his sister-Jon Snow. The only one who was there at that time was their father. He must know what was really going on then. Who else is going to tell Jon (assuming R+L=J)?in the book, yes howland was the only that was there. in the show, that is not necessarily true. we have no idea who was there, if anything like TOJ even happened. And just because Howland knows, does not mean his kids are the only ones that can tell Jon. We do not know if they will even do that in the book.
1629	FantA´me	2012-05-08	Also in the books Robb just shows up with a wife. Why not let him fall in love on the battlefield? Because it's a big change in Robb's character . Him marrying Jeyne Westerling was due to a moment of  very understandable weakness after hearing his two young brothers were murdered by the person he considered a brother as well, and who would never had been able to do it if it wasn't for Robb letting him go; and to his( stupid?) Ned-like honor who made it impossible for him not to assume his responsibilities towards the girl he had "dishonored".That's not exactly the same as breaking a promise because of some girl he fall in love with on the battlefield . Though we don't know what's going to happen exactly so maybe it won't look as stupid as I fear it will.
1630	Sxxman	2012-05-08	I think that people who have read the books make the mistake on reviewing a GoT episode based on how well it follows the books rather than how good the episode is on its own merits.  As a reader I understand it's tough to separate the two (cuz it's an adaptation) but it is necessary to.  I'm not trying to be rude here but it seems like some people just turn their brain off when they see something different from the book and immediately doom the series because they refuse to see why the writers might have made these changes and refuse to see how it plays out. 
The first one that comes to mind is Dany having her dragon's kidnapped.  I saw a fan review of the episode on youtube and they literally said "the biggest negative....dragon-napping....not in the book....yeah" without even taking the effort to see why that change was made and letting it play out before condemning it.  To me it was an interesting twist because one it keeps even the book-readers on their toes. Two, Dany needs to learn that you can't just go around yelling at leaders of cities demanding armies and loyalty when you have no leverage.  The reason why no one ever kidnapped her dragons in the books wasn't because she wouldn't allow it but because I don't believe anyone tried.  I believe that she will get the dragons back and the kidnapping will give her more justification to burn the tower down as well as teach her a lesson in humility.  If not her character will become insufferable to the main audience IMO.
The second complaint I hear is about Lady Talissa, HBO casted Oona Chaplin as Jeyne Westerling, it defies logic that they'll bait and switch her character to Lady Talissa of Volantis.  It seems to me that she is Jeyne but she's keeping her I.D. secret from the Stark camp because she is actually a spy for the Lannisters (the note on Tywin's desk looked suspiciously like the one Talissa was writing).  The romance and RW will still happen.
The whole Reeds storyline can still happen also, maybe Osha brings Bran to the Reeds in season 3 because she believes they can help Bran, sure it is different but again wait and see.  By the way we don't even know if Howland Reed does anything important in the books, we assume he will, but we don't know for sure.  
I guess what I'm trying to say without trying to sound like a pretentious-d-bag-who-defends-the-show-at-all-costs is that let's not assume that the departures from the books are bad until we see where those departures end up.  If they don't do the characters than we can launch our full-scale criticisms to the writers but until then, wait and see.
1631	Septon Meribald	2012-05-08	The first one that comes to mind is Dany having her dragon's kidnapped.  I saw a fan review of the episode on youtube and they literally said "the biggest negative....dragon-napping....not in the book....yeah" without even taking the effort to see why that change was made and letting it play out before condemning it.  To me it was an interesting twist because one it keeps even the book-readers on their toes. Two, Dany needs to learn that you can't just go around yelling at leaders of cities demanding armies and loyalty when you have no leverage.  The reason why no one ever kidnapped her dragons in the books wasn't because she wouldn't allow it but because I don't believe anyone tried.  I believe that she will get the dragons back and the kidnapping will give her more justification to burn the tower down as well as teach her a lesson in humility.  If not her character will become insufferable to the main audience IMO.The problem though is it isn't the people she demanded help from without leverage, the Thirteen, that stole her dragons. It was the warlocks, at least that seems to be the assumption, who she only met in passing and never demanded anything of. How does this teach her a lesson in humility. Also by having a different group within Qarth break into the house of one of the Thirteen and murder his guards and steal from his guest seems like an insult that could not stand. It wouldn't be just Dany that would have a grievance against them, but a group of the most powerful people in Qarth. The dragons weren't stolen in the books because they couldn't be, not because of Dany, but because of Xaro.
1632	Sxxman	2012-05-08	The problem though is it isn't the people she demanded help from without leverage, the Thirteen, that stole her dragons. It was the warlocks, at least that seems to be the assumption, who she only met in passing and never demanded anything of. How does this teach her a lesson in humility. Also by having a different group within Qarth break into the house of one of the Thirteen and murder his guards and steal from his guest seems like an insult that could not stand. It wouldn't be just Dany that would have a grievance against them, but a group of the most powerful people in Qarth. The dragons weren't stolen in the books because they couldn't be, not because of Dany, but because of Xaro.What if was Xaro who helped orchestrate the kidnapping after learning that Dany rejected his proposal.  After all it was an awfully long wait for Dany to meet with the Spice King.  The lesson in humility is that she believes that she is entitled to everything and behaves as if she leads a huge army when she only has some Khalessi, Jorah and 3 dragons that can't defend themselves.  But your whole statement is making my point for me, you're refusing to see how it plays out, you just stamp BAD before you know what happens.
1633	elonepb	2012-05-08	There are a bunch of deviations from the book, but I haven't been upset about many. And regarding Dany's dragon heist, I think this might be partly a way to give an "exciting" plot twist to her character, as many have suggested. But also, I've read in numerous places that budgeting for the show is obviously limited so they've tried and limited the amount of time we've actually seen dragons. Usually it's only 1 and the rest are in their cage and just referred to through visual cues or sounds.
I can't recall in the book whether Dany brings a dragon with her into the HOTU, but I seem to think she did. If so, they would need to have this CGI dragon with her the entire time, as opposed to just having her rescue them somehow and achieving the same end goal.
BTW, first post. Love everyone's comments, glad to be a member now.
1634	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-08	It seemed all so sudden, and so unnatural. I'm referring to the opening of this weeks episode. The acting seemed forced and not natural.I thought the opening was fantastic and very well acted. It was a powerful scene IMO. From Bran's initial reaction to Theon, to Farlen's insult, to Rodrik's defiance and especially when Rodrik was executed.And not to mention the HUGE diversion from the books. This whole episode seemed 40% different from the books, which - yes - did bother me.I'm referring to the way Theon captured Winterfell, how Rodrik died, how LF presented himself to Tywin and how impossible Jaqen's killing of that dude who couldn't read seemed. I mean; I know the FM can do some pretty epic shizzle, but not in that way. It seemed too forced.If there are differences in the show which are silly or make it worse I'll say so. I don't like this bitter fanboy attitude of any difference = bad.Theon captured Winterfell in eaxctly the same way he did in the books.They've obviously chosen to omit Rodrik's seige and Ramsey's attack. It would have been cool to see IMO but it's not vital and it makes sense to kill Rodrik this way if that's what's going to happen.I didn't really like LF appearing at Harrenhal, mostly because I know it how long it would take him to get from KL to Renly to Harrenhal but I don't see the major problem apart from it being "different to the book". LF is crucial in building the Lannister - Tyrell alliance and that's all the show is portraying.How was Lorch's death impossible. Jaqen is known from the books to be an incredibly skilled assassin possibly with magical abilities or at least abilities which would appear magic to people who don't understand them. Are you saying that compeltely chaging his physical appearance to realistic, believable and a great storyline but him managing to kill Lorch, unnoticed just before he gets to Tywin is ridiculous?Ask yourself, if Martin had written it the way the TV show has gone and the TV show had then changed it to the way Martin wrote it, would you be congratulating HBO on great writing or ranting on here that it was "too different".Or how about that dragon storyline for Daenarys! I know I know, 'it's television and needs to be different' or 'otherwise she wouldn't have a big role', BUT still, it seemed too different. Now Dany will probably go to the house of the undying because her dragons were stolen; no such thing happened in the books.I'm going to wait to see how this plays out before I judge it.
1635	ShadowRaven	2012-05-08	Even if GRRM had written these scenes - which I doubt somehow - I would still be upset about it. The main reason I like ASOIAF is because of the vivid details and time it takes to show you epic moments. Not the rushed moments like in the series sort of. That can't be helped however, but it can be helped to put priorities. Like; how come we have an actress taking the role of a whore and getting air time, while the Reeds and Bolton's Bastard is neglected? Of course the Ramsay is gonna make a show, but it all depends how.
If they ruin Jon's meeting with Mance, I'm going to be even more upset. Oh well.
1636	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	the problem i have with the changes is that so many of them are clichehave robb fall for the beautiful peasant, no wait high born lady who just so happens to be spying for your enemy but dont worry love will conquer allArya with a kill wish spell handy spends weeks with the father of the brat who chopped off your head and you dont use it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You do know that essentialy the same happens in the books as well, don't you? Robb falls hopelessly in love with a girl who was tending his wounds. Oh, and her family is part of enemy forces! As for Arya, it should be pretty obvious from the books themselves that she is targeting those that have somehow wronged her. Tywin, on the other hand, is one of the few that is actually treating her decently. And no, that doesn't mean he has heart of gold. That's just silly.
1637	Morvran	2012-05-08	The actor playing Bran did a terrible job when Theon burst in. He looked like he wanted to hit the snooze and go back to sleep.The last time he saw Theon he was a friend and a brother.  I thought the actor was terrific in that scene.  He starts off like any little brother who's been tricked into gags one too many times would by trying to blow him off.  (Dude, you're not going to fool me again.  I'm not falling for it).  And then as the scene moves on it starts to sink in (and he starts to wake up...we *was* woken from sleep you know).
1638	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-08	Even if GRRM had written these scenes - which I doubt somehow - I would still be upset about it. The main reason I like ASOIAF is because of the vivid details and time it takes to show you epic moments. Not the rushed moments like in the series sort of. That can't be helped however, but it can be helped to put priorities. Like; how come we have an actress taking the role of a whore and getting air time, while the Reeds and Bolton's Bastard is neglected? Of course the Ramsay is gonna make a show, but it all depends how.If they ruin Jon's meeting with Mance, I'm going to be even more upset. Oh well.I'd agree with that. We know we're not going to get the same amount of detail in the TV show unless you drastically lengthen the episodes or number of episodes which just isn't economically viable presumabley. But you're right, given that, I'd rather they dropped uninteresting, non-book characters like Ros and committed more air-time to the main characters where possible. Ros was OK in S1 where the book was more linear and they probably felt they could include more of the book in the show but in aCoK, so much happens that fitting it all into 10 hours was difficult enough without wasting time on Ros.I hope the writers will consider that. On another point, I read that GRRM liked the character of Ros and it was actually his idea to make her a named character rather than just a nameless cameo so if people are so upset about it, GRRM is at least complicit in that decision, if not outright responsible.
1639	Septon Meribald	2012-05-08	I'd agree with that. We know we're not going to get the same amount of detail in the TV show unless you drastically lengthen the episodes or number of episodes which just isn't economically viable presumabley. But you're right, given that, I'd rather they dropped uninteresting, non-book characters like Ros and committed more air-time to the main characters where possible. Ros was OK in S1 where the book was more linear and they probably felt they could include more of the book in the show but in aCoK, so much happens that fitting it all into 10 hours was difficult enough without wasting time on Ros.I hope the writers will consider that. On another point, I read that GRRM liked the character of Ros and it was actually his idea to make her a named character rather than just a nameless cameo so if people are so upset about it, GRRM is at least complicit in that decision, if not outright responsible.Ros in the first season was unnecessary sexposition at best and an insult to all the character's intelligence (why everyone tells everything about themselves to any woman without a shirt on is beyond me) at worst. This season she seems to have taken Chataya's role and I'm sure she will be featured again in a compromising position. That being said, the scene with Joffrey was entirely unnecessary. If there was ever a character who didn't need to show more evidence that he's a terrible person it's Joffrey. The point has been established beyond a doubt.
1640	Morrigan	2012-05-08	Honestly I'd prefer any changes that are made to have a reason. That being said, I don't necessarily mind changes, I just ask that they make sense. Ser Rodrik being beheaded by Theon has emotional implications and removes the need for the battle outside Winterfell, which I'm sure would cause time and budget issues. This is ok with me.It doesn't matter, people will tell you to accept any change whatsoever because "it's an adaptation get over it".I mean, why not make that Dagmer is actually originally Ramsey Snow who got trained as a Faceless Man in Braavos as a child and he took on Dagmer's identity so that the Ironborn would still know him, but he'll turn out to be Roose's bastard all along doing Roose's bidding. Why not? It's an adaptation, changes are gonna happen. Get over it. Etc.As for the dragon theft. I understand the desire for motivation for Dany, but I thought there was already ample motivation. 'I have no power to take back Westeros, the rulers of Qarth won't help me, the warlocks say they will, I will go to them." This seems like a reasonable and ample motivation for Dany to go to the House of the Undying. It also makes her betrayal once there more meaningful.Yup. Just like a wounded, feverish Robb, distraught at losing his two brothers, getting "comforted" by a woman is reasonable and believable enough (but that's not Hollywood-romance enough). Just like Osha kicking a guy in the nuts and telling Theon "give me a spear", and him smirking at her spiritedness and giving her one, is reasonable enough (but no bewbies that way). Just like Jon letting Ygritte go because he can't kill a woman, was a reasonable, believable enough explanation for his motivations (but no er, pointless chase in the snow and fur-grinding that way...?).If they're going to change things around, it should be either out of necessity for reasons of budget, time, limitations of the visual format, an improvement over the source material, or at the very least, something equally good as the source, something well-written and internally consistent. Tyrion's lines at his trial were such an example. Ned yelling "Baelor!" at Yoren was another. Ser Rodrik's execution was a powerful scene and it worked even if not in the book (I thought Ramsay murdering him was just as shocking, but Theon executing him made for such a good scene with Bran and the smallfolk around and for establishing Theon's total heel turn that I file that under "equally as good", at the very least, it's a good replacement over using Beth Cassel as hostage). Theon lashing out at Balon for sending him away was actually brilliant and very powerful. Whaddaya know, an improvement over the book! I always thought Theon, or at least someone should have pointed out Balon's hypocrisy to him. Good job, whoever wrote that. See, am I still a purist now? I just don't see anything good about the Jon/Ygritte, Robb/Talissa, and Dany/dragon theft scenes at all because they were sloppy and poorly written.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 08 May 2012 - 02:55 PM.
1641	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-08	Ros in the first season was unnecessary sexposition at best and an insult to all the character's intelligence (why everyone tells everything about themselves to any woman without a shirt on is beyond me) at worst. This season she seems to have taken Chataya's role and I'm sure she will be featured again in a compromising position. That being said, the scene with Joffrey was entirely unnecessary. If there was ever a character who didn't need to show more evidence that he's a terrible person it's Joffrey. The point has been established beyond a doubt.I can't remember anyone telling Ros anything which was that sensitive. The writers will have a bit a manipulating to do to get Ros into Chataya's or Alayaya's role since Shae has effectively skipped the manse and gone straight to handmaid (albeit with Sansa). I'm not sure if they'll write some kind of Alayaya storyline or just move on to Cersei finding out about Shae. They'd have to work in some kind of Tyrion/Ros connection which isn't there yet. I suppose Tyrion could conceivably go to Ros to apologise for Joffrey.I get the stuff about laying on Joffrey's cuntishness too think although Martin does this again and again in the books. He wrote about Joffrey shooting hares for sport, shooting commoners at the gates of the Red Keep and telling them to eat their dead if they were hungry. The show hasn't done that so IMO, they're not laying it on any thicker than the books did. If it was unnecessary in the show, it was also unnecessary in the books. Although you could argue that the show has to be more selective in where it spends it's time.
1642	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	I for one am finding myself questioning ALOT of the creative choices being made.  I initially was just accepting them as required for budgeting and time and all like that, but the more I think of it, the writers could have stayed much closer to the book and stayed within budget and time.  Many of their choices are just lame.  Creating the whole talisa story line is weak weak weak. It would have been far cooler to have a scene with Robb meeting his mother with his new bride and trying to explain.  having Cat hanging with Robb at this point messes up so much of the character development.  It strikes me as the writers are chickening out on the story telling.
They HAVE to show Robb, the HAVE to show Dany, despite their secondary roles in the 2nd book.  Sucks really.
1643	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	the funny thing is that they really didnt have to change Dany's story arc from the second book to have an interesting arc, small but important, laying foundation for season three.
Scene 1: Marching through the Redwaste
Scene 2: Inside the Abandoned City/Meeting the Reps from Qarth
Scene 3: Entering Qarth
Scene 4: Meeting the 13/Exposition with XXD
Scene 5: Going to the HotU
Scene 6: Aftermath of HotU/More Exposition with XXD-Showing Dany has worn out her welcome
Scene 7: Meeting Selmy and Belwas on the docks
We can see her grow as a Queen, learning, interacting with exotic peoples, attempted seductions, prophecies of the future, murder attempt.  Simple but not "ACTIONY" enough. Spread those 7 scenes over 8 or 9 episodes and you have her arc with her ending up realizing she needs an army and introduced to the concept of the Unsullied (Shit there could be a few Unsullied at the mart that Jorah could describe). and a nice smooth arc, staying with the book and interesting.
1644	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	A thought about the new Robb storyline.  I just wonder whether the programme makers are doing their best to get the audience to invest much more in Robb and feel a greater emotional tie to him throughout the rest of this series and however many episodes of the next until we get to You Know What.  They are no doubt hoping to give that event even greater impact.  It's the sort of thing they would do.  Unnecessary, I know, but that may be the way they are thinking.  And yet again - *yawn* - they've no doubt had feedback about the girlies liking Richard Madden.  IMHO they are not handling the storyline quite right, though.  Something seems very false about it.
1645	Septon Meribald	2012-05-08	I get the stuff about laying on Joffrey's cuntishness too think although Martin does this again and again in the books. He wrote about Joffrey shooting hares for sport, shooting commoners at the gates of the Red Keep and telling them to eat their dead if they were hungry. The show hasn't done that so IMO, they're not laying it on any thicker than the books did. If it was unnecessary in the show, it was also unnecessary in the books. Although you could argue that the show has to be more selective in where it spends it's time.The difference is in the books these were asides. Someone remembers the time Joffrey cut open a cat to see if it was prenant, one paragraph. Sansa observes Joffrey firing a crossbow at the gates, half a page, before talking to him and being abused as we are updated on the events in King's Landing and the larger war. Using 10% of an episode to show that Joffrey is a dick is well beyond what's necessary. If you want to have that in the show open on a scene where he pronounces a harsh sentence, 'You say he stole from you, he says you lie. Ser Ilyn remove that man's hand and that man's tongue,' then a one liner about how pathetic the commoners are and proceed with the important scene.
1646	IronSuitor	2012-05-08	A thought about the new Robb storyline.  I just wonder whether the programme makers are doing their best to get the audience to invest much more in Robb and feel a greater emotional tie to him throughout the rest of this series and however many episodes of the next until we get to You Know What.  They are no doubt hoping to give that event even greater impact.  It's the sort of thing they would do.  Unnecessary, I know, but that may be the way they are thinking.  And yet again - *yawn* - they've no doubt had feedback about the girlies liking Richard Madden.  IMHO they are not handling the storyline quite right, though.  Something seems very false about it.As opposed to him just showing up one day with a wife, which wouldn't have seemed odd at all.
1647	RL Terrill	2012-05-08	Because it's a big change in Robb's character . Him marrying Jeyne Westerling was due to a moment of  very understandable weakness after hearing his two young brothers were murdered by the person he considered a brother as well, and who would never had been able to do it if it wasn't for Robb letting him go; and to his( stupid?) Ned-like honor who made it impossible for him not to assume his responsibilities towards the girl he had "dishonored".That's not exactly the same as breaking a promise because of some girl he fall in love with on the battlefield . Though we don't know what's going to happen exactly so maybe it won't look as stupid as I fear it will.It could still play out that Robb, wounded and devastated by the news from Winterfell, falls into the arms of the 'mystery girl/medic', just as he did with Jayne in the book. It seems to me that everything could still follow Martin's plot point.I do not believe that she is a spy, and as someone else has posted elsewhere, she, a minor house nobleman's daughter, just got caught between the two armies and is hiding in plan sight. IMOShe falls for him, they marry in haste, because of Robb's sense of honor and their youth, and that sets in motion the offstage dealings between Tywin and the mystery girl's family, resulting in the Red Wedding. Seems to be an easier way for a non-book audience to grasp why Robb would do what he does, vice having him marry some girl the viewer has not met.I even think it makes for a smoother telling of the actions of a non-POV book character without having to explain to viewers who the Westerlings are, their relationship between the Starks and Lannisters, why they would suddenly become Stark bannermen, and without having Robb move into their castle . This way the viewer witnesses the relationship, can witness a deal made between Tywin and the girl's family and then the blood flows ......
1648	Mr Fixit	2012-05-08	As opposed to him just showing up one day with a wife, which wouldn't have seemed odd at all.Well, some people just don't get the difference between POV and non-POV structure. Someone else said it best on these forums: I really hope for episode 9, which Martin wrote, to be extremely different than the books. I am so looking forward to does not compute lights blinking in so many minds trying to somehow solve the conundrum of Martin betraying Martin.
1649	FantA´me	2012-05-08	It could still play out that Robb, wounded and devastated by the news from Winterfell, falls into the arms of the 'mystery girl/medic', just as he did with Jayne in the book. It seems to me that everything could still follow Martin's plot point.I do not believe that she is a spy, and as someone else has posted elsewhere, she, a minor house nobleman's daughter, just got caught between the two armies and is hiding in plan sight. IMOShe falls for him, they marry in haste, because of Robb's sense of honor and their youth, and that sets in motion the offstage dealings between Tywin and the mystery girl's family, resulting in the Red Wedding. Seems to be an easier way for a non-book audience to grasp why Robb would do what he does, vice having him marry some girl the viewer has not met.I even think it makes for a smoother telling of the actions of a non-POV book character without having to explain to viewers who the Westerlings are, their relationship between the Starks and Lannisters, why they would suddenly become Stark bannermen, and without having Robb move into their castle . This way the viewer witnesses the relationship, can witness a deal made between Tywin and the girl's family and then the blood flows ......  I hope you're right. If it plays out this way I won't have a problem with it except for the incredible cheesiness of their interactions.Though I also got the feeling that the "I'm writing whatever to the Lannisters" was a truth disguised as a false lie.Of course it would be incredibly stupid to write a letter to the enemy in the middle of the camp. Guess I'll just wait and see!
1650	RL Terrill	2012-05-08	I find myself taken aback by the point of view that Robb and Jon would be so easily tripped up by love.
They are just boys really, aged a bit for the TV, but still young and inexperienced in the emotional turmoil that falling in love brings into ones life. We know for a fact that Jon is a virgin. Robb, being older, perhaps not, but love is different than a romp with Roz.
I think it is perfectly understandable for them both to be completely taken with these girls under normal circumstances, add to that the fog of war, family being torn apart, their youth and loneliness and it becomes a sure thing, in my eyes anyway.
As to why Robb would make such a 'dumb' move, risking the entire North, well our own history is full of such fateful choices. The King of England who threw over his throne in order to marry a divorced American woman for one, all in the months just prior to WWll no less. 
It would be a bit beyond belief  that no one here has never made a 'dumb' decision in the name of love for another. I have made a couple of doozies .......LOL
I, for one will enjoy the brief moments of love for these two. Their paths are difficult enough, as we who have read the books know.
1651	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	Noone is saying that love doesnt get R and J in trouble, GRRM nicely presents those stories, they are integral to the plot.  Jons relationship to Ygrette impacts his relationship to the NW, I would even say impacts his decsion to march on Winterfell.  Robb's character clearly is impacted by impetuous love (in the book).
What I have a problem with is the heavy handedness of the series in establishing that.  It insults the watcher to have to resort to such cliches (RObb) and non sequitors (Jon) when there is enough material in the books to make it work.
I think it would have been EPIC to have a scene with Cat meeting Robb at Riverrun-Cat nervous about Robbs reaction to her freeing Jaime, being cornered by Robb's forgiveness and then finding out about Jeyne.  The viewers would have had to be smart to pick up on the exchanges in those scenes, the acting and direction would have to have been perfect, but when it would have worked it would have been great. 
Instead we have Westerosi 90210, with cliches running rampant
BOOOO
1652	FantA´me	2012-05-08	I find myself taken aback by the point of view that Robb and Jon would be so easily tripped up by love.They are just boys really, aged a bit for the TV, but still young and inexperienced in the emotional turmoil that falling in love brings into ones life. We know for a fact that Jon is a virgin. Robb, being older, perhaps not, but love is different than a romp with Roz.I think it is perfectly understandable for them both to be completely taken with these girls under normal circumstances, add to that the fog of war, family being torn apart, their youth and loneliness and it becomes a sure thing, in my eyes anyway.As to why Robb would make such a 'dumb' move, risking the entire North, well our own history is full of such fateful choices. The King of England who threw over his throne in order to marry a divorced American woman for one, all in the months just prior to WWll no less.It would be a bit beyond belief  that no one here has never made a 'dumb' decision in the name of love for another. I have made a couple of doozies .......LOLI, for one will enjoy the brief moments of love for these two. Their paths are difficult enough, as we who have read the books know.  Just a small nitpicking of your commentary: Robb's not notably older than Jon. Depending on the theory he's a few weeks/months older or a few weeks/months younger. Don't mind me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 08 May 2012 - 06:20 PM.
1653	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	And you also have to realize what we are losing as a result of the time spent on Robb.
We are losing alot of the story around Arya.  The stuff that happens to her on the road, with Lorch, with the bloody mummers, at Harrenhall prepare her to be the super ninja she is destined to be.  carrying a cup and waxing poetic with Tywin about Dislexia and running to Jaquen do not a super ninja make.  Creeping silently around Harrenhall, manipulating Bolton, training in the godswood, THAT is what makes Arya who she is destined to be
She has been praying nightly for weeks and months for revenge on the Lannisters and is handed a magic death wish x3 yet doesnt use it on Tywin
Booooo
1654	boojam	2012-05-08	Even if GRRM had written these scenes - which I doubt somehow - I would still be upset about it. The main reason I like ASOIAF is because of the vivid details and time it takes to show you epic moments. Not the rushed moments like in the series sort of.Maybe George should write chapter's that would fit the 2.5 min. that HBO gives D&D for an episode sequence.
1655	zippypoodle	2012-05-08	I have to disagree with some of you saying the replacing scenes of Arya/Bran were better/good. In my opinion they weren't. Wanna know why?Because it's not the same as the book. We already know /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1656	zippypoodle	2012-05-08	the problem i have with the changes is that so many of them are clichehave robb fall for the beautiful peasant, no wait high born lady who just so happens to be spying for your enemy but dont worry love will conquer allArya with a kill wish spell handy spends weeks with the father of the brat who chopped off your head and you dont use it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Uber Lord Tywin has a heart of GOLD, gold, get it? Great point!!!!!!Except, none of those things are changes.Robb falls in love with an inappropriate woman and marries her in the books.Arya spends weeks in Harrenhal with Tywin there and doesn't use her Jaqen wishes on him.Lord Tywin in the books is not cruel, merely utilitarian. If you are useful, he will make use of you. Like he is Arya. Not a change.
1657	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-08	It could still play out that Robb, wounded and devastated by the news from Winterfell, falls into the arms of the 'mystery girl/medic', just as he did with Jayne in the book. It seems to me that everything could still follow Martin's plot point.I do not believe that she is a spy, and as someone else has posted elsewhere, she, a minor house nobleman's daughter, just got caught between the two armies and is hiding in plan sight. IMOShe falls for him, they marry in haste, because of Robb's sense of honor and their youth, and that sets in motion the offstage dealings between Tywin and the mystery girl's family, resulting in the Red Wedding. Seems to be an easier way for a non-book audience to grasp why Robb would do what he does, vice having him marry some girl the viewer has not met.I even think it makes for a smoother telling of the actions of a non-POV book character without having to explain to viewers who the Westerlings are, their relationship between the Starks and Lannisters, why they would suddenly become Stark bannermen, and without having Robb move into their castle . This way the viewer witnesses the relationship, can witness a deal made between Tywin and the girl's family and then the blood flows ......Not a spy?  Ok, unless you have some other motivation for her to nervously roll up a paper with the words "The Young Wolf moves.." written on it behind her back, when she was unexpectedly snuck up on from behind by two of the dozen or so literate people in Rob's camp.Perhaps it would have been less suspicious for her to duck into a dimly lit tent to write her letters in conspicuous secrecy?
1658	Lord Petyr Baelish	2012-05-08	Yeah the taking of Winterfell was far from eventful.
*Opens door*
"I've taken Winterfell"...
......"Oh."
1659	zippypoodle	2012-05-08	Yeah the taking of Winterfell was far from eventful.*Opens door*"I've taken Winterfell"........."Oh."Almost verbatim from the books. I just looked it up. Bran was warging into Summer, wakes up, freaks out because someone is in his room, is temporarily relieved that it is Theon, and is informed by Theon that he just took the castle.
1660	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-08	I do find it intriguing how so many of the problems people have with the show are essentially issues which are present in the text. I gave it some thought, and I have to wonder how much medium has to do with it. With books, people can romanticize book occurrences because the written word leaves so much to interpretation -- the author relies on the reader's imagination for a scene to resonate. People read something and can do so much with it. However, show it on the television screen, and suddenly the experience changes...what they thought was so great suddenly falls flat.
The cliche relationships between Jon/Ygritte and Robb/Jeyne (Talisa), and now this instance with the Winterfell sack.
1661	Mad Queen	2012-05-08	Because it's not the same as the book. We already know /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />What's wrong with preferring the book's version of some event to the show's? ShadowRaven has written several paragraphs explaining why he didn't like the changes. He didn't just say it was not the same as the book. You made that up.
1662	7V3N	2012-05-08	I liked Theon's taking of Winterfell. I thought it captured the same mood very well even though it differed from the books. It also doesn't seem to bring any future changes. I do have a problem with Osha currently occupying 3 roles, and the disappearance of the Reek-Ramsay twist.Dany's plot this season has been done so awfully that I don't want to get into it.Stannis and his plot has been done horribly, thought I love Davos and the actor playing him.Tyrion has been good in KL. Cersei is being made as a likeable person, not a power-hungry naive sociopath. The Hound needs more screen time (I always laugh bc I remember the actor only saying "yarp" in Hot Fuzz, but that is unrelated). I HATE Shae. She was not this annoying in the books. I can't wait for those hands of gold.The changes in Harrenhall have been passable since it includes great actors in Maisie Williams (she is Arya Stark) and Charles Dance (Tywin), not to mention a perfect Jaqen H'ghar."Lady Talisa" makes no sense to me. There was no reason to change this.I hate the Renly casting and writing. With how they've made the character, the peach scene would make no sense. Brienne has been good for the limited time we've seen her, although (believe it or not) I think she needs to grow her hair out to look more womanly. I just can't imagine Jaime Lannister getting hard from her (although it was hard to make sense of in the books).Margaery and Tommen had a sort of babysitter-little kid relationship, but Marge looks too old and Tommen too young to make their marriage look anything other than creepy.I am glad Ros has disappeared since the whore beating (maybe her and a key writer stopped sleeping together?). I was actually pleased with Littlefinger in season 1, but what the hell happened? He now changes his accent to Irish at times, has given up on subtly and secrecy, and seems to have a Valyrian airplane.
1663	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-08	Better to be lady Talisa and continue hanging around Rob's camp than to be Jeyne Westerling/Lannister hanging around his camp, and spares the expense in money and time of Robb invading a castle and lingering there while he is nursed back to health.
Plus now, she's a spy from the beginning. given what we have seen this is not up for debate anymore.  The red wedding only becomes more cruel.
Also, Oona Chaplin is so much hotter than the typical Hollywood artificial blond with artificial boobs.  Such a woman!
1664	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-08	-Peter Baelish at Harrenhal. Dont know why this was thrown in. Its probably to keep Baelish on the show. This is the problem with retaining actors in a long-running series - they have to have something to do, whether the story calls for it or not. The Petyr Baelish of the books is one of the biggest mysteries in the story - he's a treasure chest full of secrets, his own and those of others. His motivations and ultimate goals still aren't fully revealed. In the show, he's an over-obvious, scheming cartoon villain - all he needs to do is grow his mustache out a bit to twirl it. The need to keep Emilia Clarke on the show would also explain the theft of Dany's dragons - it gives her (hopefully) something else to do this season besides proclaiming that she is the Mother of Dragons and will burn her enemies to ashes someday.The change to Petyr is really unfortunate, but probably necessary to keep the actor. The change to Dany's character keeps a major character busy. The actor who plays Jaime seems to be taking his prolonged absence well, however. Apparently he's read ahead to ASoS.-Jon / Ygritte - This change I dont like personally. I feel like him specifically receiving orders from the halfhand to join the wildlings and then him killing halfhand is such an important part of Jon's characterization. But.. i guess its workroundable. Watching Ygritte snuggle with him and him being like WTF was cute.The final scene between these two was just...weird. What woman would react to a sworn enemy who has taken her prisoner and come this close to killing her with a sword by trying to turn him on with an impromptu lap dance? What would either of them find sexy about that situation? The freezing cold, the fact that she was bound hand and foot, the ever-present possibility that one would need to kill the other? And Jon as "cute, socially awkward teen guy befuddled by girl who is the same age but much more mature" seemed as cliched and silly as Robb love-struck by the "noble battlefield nurse who makes him realize the cost of war".
1665	7V3N	2012-05-08	The final scene between these two was just...weird. What woman would react to a sworn enemy who has taken her prisoner and come this close to killing her with a sword by trying to turn him on with an impromptu lap dance? What would either of them find sexy about that situation? The freezing cold, the fact that she was bound hand and foot, the ever-present possibility that one would need to kill the other? And Jon as "cute, socially awkward teen guy befuddled by girl who is the same age but much more mature" seemed as cliched and silly as Robb love-struck by the "noble battlefield nurse who makes him realize the cost of war".Jon stole her. It is not that uncharacteristic for a wildling.
1666	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-08	Jon stole her. It is not that uncharacteristic for a wildling.TV Jon isn't another wildling, though - he's a Crow, a kneeler. He hasn't killed Qhorin Halfhand to renounce his status as a member of the Night's Watch, unlike book Jon (though maybe that will come). Doesn't make much sense at this point.
1667	King Stannis	2012-05-08	There is far too much complaints about the changes from the book. Sometimes the changes are good. Look at the dynamic between Arya and Tywin. It is amazing!
Some things I don't like. Stannis seems off, though Dillane is growing on me, among them
1668	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	Jon stole her. It is not that uncharacteristic for a wildling.Stealing her doesn't mean she turns into a lovesick puppy.  Have to steal her and keep her.  Getting stabbed in the middle of the night by your prisoner isn't worthy of love or respect.
1669	mike_s_6	2012-05-09	The Shadow Fox, on 09 May 2012 - 12:08 PM, said:Jon stole her. It is not that uncharacteristic for a wildling.Stealing her doesn't mean she turns into a lovesick puppy.  Have to steal her and keep her.  Getting stabbed in the middle of the night by your prisoner isn't worthy of love or respect.He gets stabbed by his prisoner? I think she's sufficiently smitten at this point, plainly by having been caught by him. The wildings have a different view of courtship anyway.
1670	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	The final scene between these two was just...weird. What woman would react to a sworn enemy who has taken her prisoner and come this close to killing her with a sword by trying to turn him on with an impromptu lap dance? What would either of them find sexy about that situation? The freezing cold, the fact that she was bound hand and foot, the ever-present possibility that one would need to kill the other? And Jon as "cute, socially awkward teen guy befuddled by girl who is the same age but much more mature" seemed as cliched and silly as Robb love-struck by the "noble battlefield nurse who makes him realize the cost of war".I'm guessing the rationale behind this is: Oh shit he intends/has been ordered to kill me but is having trouble with it. Now what could i possibly do to make this even more difficult for him? Oh I know!!!
1671	Lightning Lord	2012-05-09	He gets stabbed by his prisoner? I think she's sufficiently smitten at this point, plainly by having been caught by him. The wildings have a different view of courtship anyway.I doubt he gets stabbed, but he very well could be.  He makes a great show of throwing ropes around her, but doesn't actually do much to restrain her hands.  I'll assume he checked her for weapons earlier, though.  Wildlings steal other wildlings.  I don't think crows and wildling have the same dynamic.
1672	Lyeder	2012-05-09	I'm guessing the rationale behind this is: Oh shit he intends/has been ordered to kill me but is having trouble with it. Now what could i possibly do to make this even more difficult for him? Oh I know!!!Or:  how can I make him loosen my hands, so that I can get rid of him and go back to my folks?BTW, I don't think that Jon and Robb easily falling for a girl in that war context is unrealistic. Always at war the number of marriages rises quickly as the number of births.But I did not like the Ygritte and even less the Lady Talisa change. Jeyne was enough for me. Yesterday (I could only see that episode yesterday, being in Switzerland), I wondered for a moment if in the series Robb will really marry another woman or of Talisa is just ther to show how how hard it is for him to keep his promise to the Freys - but they murder him at his own wedding, because this is even more profitable than to have a Stark in the family.Oh, and Talisa's snarky remark about what she wrote: I took it for humor, not for her being a spy.
					
					
							Edited by Lyeder, 09 May 2012 - 01:25 AM.
1673	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2012-05-09	The episode worked for me, they do less exposition now and more story, there are actual mini-arcs in one episode (see Osha convincing Theon and then freeing the kids f.e.).There were some unnecessary weak points like the sitcomy way Robb's scenes with Jeyne/Talisa were set up, Jaqen literally able (and willing) to kil Armory Lorch in under 5 minutes or the fact that they have apparently already eaten all their horses in King's Landing (must have been the big bad budget monster).Especially the way Robb and Talisa's "Epic Love Story" - copyright Hollywood - was presented, irked me. It seemed more of "Twu Luuv" than the pseudo-realism we're used to from Game of Thrones.I dunno, it seemed more "twu wuv" in the books since it happened instantly with no set up at all.  I think in a linerally presented TV show you have to show the steps a little more.  I also think the killing of Lorch made sense.  As an assassin he usually makes it seem impossible that they were assassinated.  (the way he gets the dogs to kill the master for example in the books).  He does that when he has time and planning on his side.  It makes sense to me that if he was forced to hurry that there would be something as clumsy and obvious as a poison dart. So far they're pretty consisent at leaving out redundant confrontations.  And obviously the episode starting with the Winterfell battle was carefully crafted to save money and avoid having to show horses.  I actually feel like I have a bit more impetus to watch the TV show now because I just may be surprised.
1674	ShadowRaven	2012-05-09	What's wrong with preferring the book's version of some event to the show's? ShadowRaven has written several paragraphs explaining why he didn't like the changes. He didn't just say it was not the same as the book. You made that up./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Someone who realises I'm not a perfectionist, just an opportunist.
1675	IronSuitor	2012-05-09	I view the meet cute scenes as a necessary evil. The whole Jon/Ygritte flirtation is equally insufferable in the book, and because the show doesn't have a POV structure it can't just have Robb show up with a wife. (Even in the book, it seemed a little abrupt and contrived.)
"Falling in love" scenes are unavoidably cutesy and predictable, so much so that most classic love stories simply use the plot device of love at first sight, or have the characters hate each other up until the last moment. This isn't just a problem of fiction, it happens in real life too. There's a reason you think your friends are being excruciating when they start a new romance - it's because they are.
So far I think the writers are doing an OK job of getting humor and some decent dialogue out of these scenes. And yes, Talissa is Jeyne. Even Robb can tell she's lying about her identity.
1676	skwiskwis	2012-05-09	Maybe you need HD to see it, but isn't it strange the characters who are in the "North" (beyond the wall) don't exhale water vapor when they talk, but in some of the outdoor scenes farther "south" the characters do?    I'd say the scenes shot in the beyond the wall settings are some of the weakest cinematiclaly, just because of what must be budget problems.  Thoroughly enjoying the HBO series (and yes I've also read the books), although I'd say Season 1 was the better (so far).
1677	Septon Meribald	2012-05-09	Maybe you need HD to see it, but isn't it strange the characters who are in the "North" (beyond the wall) don't exhale water vapor when they talk, but in some of the outdoor scenes farther "south" the characters do?	I'd say the scenes shot in the beyond the wall settings are some of the weakest cinematiclaly, just because of what must be budget problems.  Thoroughly enjoying the HBO series (and yes I've also read the books), although I'd say Season 1 was the better (so far).Well considering the beyond the wall scenes are shot on an Icelandic glacier there's no real way to make it any colder. They can't shoot it in winter because there is no light at all. So if it was a little warmer than they'd like we have to live with it.
1678	Ran	2012-05-09	Yeah, the stuff beyond the Wall -- at least from episode 5 on -- is all in Iceland, where it was below 0, and sometimes it hit -35...
1679	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-09	Stealing her doesn't mean she turns into a lovesick puppy.  Have to steal her and keep her.  Getting stabbed in the middle of the night by your prisoner isn't worthy of love or respect.I don't even think she's doing it because she's somehow smitten. I think she's mostly doing it because she knows it makes him uncomfortable. She's pushing his buttons, which isn't exactly out of character.
1680	Mulled Wino	2012-05-09	I view the meet cute scenes as a necessary evil. The whole Jon/Ygritte flirtation is equally insufferable in the book, and because the show doesn't have a POV structure it can't just have Robb show up with a wife. (Even in the book, it seemed a little abrupt and contrived.)"Falling in love" scenes are unavoidably cutesy and predictable, so much so that most classic love stories simply use the plot device of love at first sight, or have the characters hate each other up until the last moment. This isn't just a problem of fiction, it happens in real life too. There's a reason you think your friends are being excruciating when they start a new romance - it's because they are.So far I think the writers are doing an OK job of getting humor and some decent dialogue out of these scenes. And yes, Talissa is Jeyne. Even Robb can tell she's lying about her identity.i enjoyed sufferring through that, I was laughing at JS when he was having all his second thoughts.  I thought it was entertaining.
1681	So1ar	2012-05-09	The actor playing Bran did a terrible job when Theon burst in. He looked like he wanted to hit the snooze and go back to sleep.That's exactly how it happened in the book. Theon busts into his room in the middle of the night and Bran is half awake trying to realize what is happening.
1682	aeu	2012-05-09	They hire an actor play a whore, but they can't hire two child actors for the role of the Reeds? What the hell? And people may say their roles aren't significant, but that's not true. They are VERY important to Bran's storyline. Am I the only one who thinks that the way it is currently playing out in the books, Bran's storyline leaves much to be desired?  I would think a lot of people would be upset, but personally, I would love if the show took a radically different direction and gave us a story in which Bran does NOT turn into a tree.I do find it intriguing how so many of the problems people have with the show are essentially issues which are present in the text. I gave it some thought, and I have to wonder how much medium has to do with it. With books, people can romanticize book occurrences because the written word leaves so much to interpretation -- the author relies on the reader's imagination for a scene to resonate. People read something and can do so much with it. However, show it on the television screen, and suddenly the experience changes...what they thought was so great suddenly falls flat.The cliche relationships between Jon/Ygritte and Robb/Jeyne (Talisa), and now this instance with the Winterfell sack.This is an excellent point.  I was thinking along the same lines when some people were quite upset last week when JH talked about the red god.
1683	The Second Hand	2012-05-09	This is where it's hard to argue that they could have done anything differently. The biggest problem this season has been unneccesary changes that could of easily been rectified. This had to be done the way it was.
1684	Paul Stewart	2012-05-09	The show is fixing some problems of the book.  I realize that's heresy on this board, but I'm glad they're making decisions on cutting out extraneous characters, and adding in events that make the show move along as a television event needs to do.
1685	7V3N	2012-05-09	The show is fixing some problems of the book.  I realize that's heresy on this board, but I'm glad they're making decisions on cutting out extraneous characters, and adding in events that make the show move along as a television event needs to do.I agree, like making Arya Tywin's cupbearer, rather than Roose's. But there are more unnecessary changes than there are necessary. Why is Littlefinger now clearly motivated by his love for Cat? Why was Myrcella crying? Why is Cersei sane? These changes for the show are just stupid. The TV writers seem to think they can one-up GRRM in every scene.
1686	Lightning Lord	2012-05-09	People really think Myrcella crying is a big deal?  I noticed the change, but since it didn't alter one bit of the story, I just didn't care.  She's a little girl being sent away from her family to live with strangers in a foreign land...so she cried.  Yes, Martin pointed out that she bravely didn't cry, but how is this change at all significant?
1687	7V3N	2012-05-09	People really think Myrcella crying is a big deal?  I noticed the change, but since it didn't alter one bit of the story, I just didn't care.  She's a little girl being sent away from her family to live with strangers in a foreign land...so she cried.  Yes, Martin pointed out that she bravely didn't cry, but how is this change at all significant?It was the first main thing to establish her character. She is brave and dutiful. We already knew she was a sweet girl. It may not matter now, but it will in the future books because she has a big part to play in Dorne.
1688	Snow's Spearwife	2012-05-10	That's exactly how it happened in the book. Theon busts into his room in the middle of the night and Bran is half awake trying to realize what is happening.And he is waking up from dreaming of being  a wolf....so its much harder to wake up from.
1689	Lightning Lord	2012-05-10	It was the first main thing to establish her character. She is brave and dutiful. We already knew she was a sweet girl. It may not matter now, but it will in the future books because she has a big part to play in Dorne.How does her crying now preclude future actions?  Do you really think audiences or writers are going to come up against the future events in Dorne and say "Hey now, no way does she have any bravery, we saw that little girl cry... once... years ago... when she was sent away from the only life and people she'd ever known... to a place she's only read about..."?  Expressing sadness and bravery are not mutually exclusive, even for Lannisters, and particularly for children.Also, even in later books, Myrcella is barely a character.  The series would have suffered more from lack of Dolorous Edd than lack of Myrcella.
1690	redqueen	2012-05-10	I miss the Reeds.  I think they're needed to get Bran and Rickon where they need to go.  Osha can't be two places at once.  Hodor can't fish and hunt for Bran while carrying him.  Rickon needs a mother figure to take him to safety.  The Reeds are necessary.
1691	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-10	The difference is in the books these were asides. Someone remembers the time Joffrey cut open a cat to see if it was prenant, one paragraph. Sansa observes Joffrey firing a crossbow at the gates, half a page, before talking to him and being abused as we are updated on the events in King's Landing and the larger war.Should the show skip the aside of the gravedigger (if we ever reach affc)? Robb's love affair was never mentioned in the books, but it can hardly be called inconsequential. My point is that the amount of text for an arc, a character, or event does not necessarily reflect the importance for the overall story. Joff's sadistic nature is important because it sets him apart from all other potential kings. Whether the specific ros scene was necessary... I dont know. Two weeks ago I thought they would develop it some more (i.e. Furthering the conflict between Tyrion and Joff). That doesn't seem to be the case. I still eant to cast a final verdict after the season's over.
1692	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-05-10	Why is Cersei sane? These changes for the show are just stupid. I don`t understanding why so many are fussing about Cersei. First of all Cersei is not mad in the book either, at least not at this point; she is just an extremely vindictive, ambitious, cunning (and sometimes not cunning enough)  bitch. And loving when it comes to her children. I don`t think this is changed in the season 2, they just haven`t got the time for including the cuntiest scenes. They did however show a glimpse with her comment to Tyrion last episode, about taking away the ones he love.  I don`t feel a change in her character in the show, something it think will be increasingly showcased in the time to come
1693	Logensfinger	2012-05-10	I too am starting to get rather cheesed off in regards to the libertys taken with plot lines, whilst alot can be put down to the fact that it is a television show and much of the content in the book would not translate to the screen, some of the major diversions seem strange to me. It is the little things that get me the most tho, the peach thing from a few episodes is a prime example, i mean a peach is inexpensive and quite easy to come in this day and age dispite the economic turmoil  and its little easter eggs like this that IMO fans of the book would like to see. The loss of the Reed i can live with, it bothers me that Rickon is now on the journey with Bran, i am sick too death of dany (and yes dany i know there your words, but she's laying on the blood and fire thing to thick for my taste and is possibly as annoyin as the book dany) and the stolen dragons was yet another major diversion. I think the theon story is good tho dispite the changes.
Must say i was dissapointed there was no Bronn (I think the guy playing him is fantastic) but having more of the hound made up for his loss, i also didnt really mind the littlefinger tywin sceen but that was just because tywin as alway was played great, cannot wait to see ramsey and hope they show him in all his horrific glory.
This season on the whole has been a little dissapointing for me, the reason the first season was so good was because it was close to the first book, not perfect page for page stuff but very well done and i feel the show is starting to go to far astray.
1694	7V3N	2012-05-10	How does her crying now preclude future actions?  Do you really think audiences or writers are going to come up against the future events in Dorne and say "Hey now, no way does she have any bravery, we saw that little girl cry... once... years ago... when she was sent away from the only life and people she'd ever known... to a place she's only read about..."?  Expressing sadness and bravery are not mutually exclusive, even for Lannisters, and particularly for children.Also, even in later books, Myrcella is barely a character.  The series would have suffered more from lack of Dolorous Edd than lack of Myrcella.Even in later books? Have you read?! There is some huge tension in Dorne because Myrcella's face was cut up and she is missing an ear! Dolorous Edd is barely worth more than a sarcastic remark and a sigh.But no, I am not saying it will ruin her future nor preclude events. But it is a change to her character, and creates inconsistencies that were consistent in the books. Before this (in the show), we knew nothing about who she was other than the princess with a sweet smile. This scene (in the book) told us she was brave and dutiful, which becomes even more obvious with later Arianne's scheming and Doran's coverup. And considering how making her cry was a highly unnecessary change which helps the show in no way, I have no clue why you are attempting to defend it.Also, "years ago"?  Try a year, IF THAT.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 10 May 2012 - 07:48 AM.
1695	Lightning Lord	2012-05-10	1) Myrcella's presence in Dorne was just a way to bring the reader to Dorne.  It could easily have been done another way.  There had to be something in Dorne, but nothing we've seen means it had to be Myrcella.
2) Years later for us, not the characters.  Books 4/5 won't be on screen for years, yet.
It helps the show in that it shows she's a real person, with feelings.  People can be brave and dutiful and still be upset.  I don't know why you think that's impossible.  She wasn't screaming and bawling, she wasn't throwing a tantrum.  She looked like a real little girl trying to live up to insane expectations, trying not to show she's upset, but not quite managing it.
It makes sense that you can't understand why I'd defend it - I can't understand why such a trivial detail is of such import.
1696	7V3N	2012-05-10	1) Myrcella's presence in Dorne was just a way to bring the reader to Dorne.  It could easily have been done another way.  There had to be something in Dorne, but nothing we've seen means it had to be Myrcella.2) Years later for us, not the characters.  Books 4/5 won't be on screen for years, yet.It helps the show in that it shows she's a real person, with feelings.  People can be brave and dutiful and still be upset.  I don't know why you think that's impossible.  She wasn't screaming and bawling, she wasn't throwing a tantrum.  She looked like a real little girl trying to live up to insane expectations, trying not to show she's upset, but not quite managing it.It makes sense that you can't understand why I'd defend it - I can't understand why such a trivial detail is of such import.She could have had a brave face while still looking scared/upset. Even her fighting a few tears and a forcing a smile would have been fine for me because it fits the character. Why don't we make Jaime in ACOK a pussy while we're at it, since his role isn't big in it. No, the character has significance just as Myrcella does even if it is not at this specific moment. Under your logic of "well, we'll have enough time to forget about it" the writers could butcher Ser Barristan's character too, along with countless others who disappear for books at a time. Will Osha come back from Skagos as a gentle lady too?The change makes no sense and was not necessary by any means. This is just another example of D&D thinking they can do better than GRRM.
1697	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-10	Myrcella crying stuck out to me as well.
Its just ridiculous.  I mean are they stupid? Have they not read the books? Did GRMM not see this scene when it was filmed or review afterwards? So many questions jumped to my mind when I saw crying on that boat.
In the book it CLEARLY states that she put on a brave face and didn't shed tears (at least not a whole lot).  She knows its her duty to go to Dorne and she provides comfort to Tommen who WAS crying in the books.
The writers/producers are now taking way too many liberties with the books and its really starting to piss me off.
1698	Independent George	2012-05-10	People really think Myrcella crying is a big deal?  I noticed the change, but since it didn't alter one bit of the story, I just didn't care.  She's a little girl being sent away from her family to live with strangers in a foreign land...so she cried.  Yes, Martin pointed out that she bravely didn't cry, but how is this change at all significant?This actually is a pretty  big deal. The whole point to Myrcella being brave and comforting Tommen was that of the three Lannister children, she's clearly the one most fit to rule, but never can because she's a girl. It fits with Arianne's sexposition about Cristan Cole and her attempts to crown Myrcella in Dorne, and Cersei's actions and motivations as Queen Regent. None of this essential - all of these things are subtext which doesn't directly impact the storyline - but it does dramatically impact the themes later on.
1699	Mr Fixit	2012-05-10	As I said, smart people will always fanwank an explanation for why a deviation is the worst thing ever. No point in discussing it any further.
Yeah, Myrcella is a pivotal character in the saga, the main protagonist of A Song of Ice and Fire, and Martin's alter ego. Crying is inexcusable. It shows writers have no respect for the source material and will do anything to hollywoodise the TV show. Those salty tears being the easiest way to accomplish that. Peach is another, of course. Such a slap in the face of all that Martin strove to achieve. And for what? Just because focus group testing showed the TV audiences hate peaches doesn't mean D&D had to stoop so low and bastardise the show to such an extent.
What's next, I wonder? If they insist on Hound having the scar on the same side of the face in every single scene, I'm done! Martin himself explicitly wrote that the scar changes sides. Go look it up if you don't believe me.
1700	Ran	2012-05-10	They don't use focus groups. But sometimes writers/producers of TV shows are sloppy or wrong about something (sometimes writers of books are sloppy and wrong, too; no one's perfect). If they seem to randomly screw around with minor details -- and things that are, relative to those characters, iconic moments for them -- then it's worrisome for people who wonder if they're going to get sloppy or similarly wrong about bigger things. And, I mean, you can't pretend that the peach and Myrcella's lack of tears aren't things that GRRM made a very specific point of inserting. Myrcella's lack of tears is the very thing that opens that book. It highlights her, who otherwise has very little voice in the series up to that point. It's a shame they either forgot about it or went for the Hollywood "oh, lets project emotion by having her sobbing". Hell, if they just gave her a quiver of her lips and a surreptitious wiping away of a single tear, it'd both project emotion and be true to that moment in the novel.But no. They made a mistake, and you're bending over backwards to complain that people are calling them on it. I don't understand why you're so hysterical about the fact that people don't share your opinion and dare to express it, but so is life.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 11 May 2012 - 02:38 AM.
1701	Hyper	2012-05-10	All hail the mighty infallible source material. How dare they tweak a minor characters expression to try to make the scene make more sense? Outrageous.
The scene is not about Myrcella. It is about Tyrion & Cersei - a backdrop to their conversation. To emphasize how Cersei feels. Showing Myrcella as the books described would simply undercut the scene. In the book POVs we can get a fuller picture how Myrcella feels - but here we cannot - not without significant screen time. All in all this *IS* a minor detail.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 10 May 2012 - 03:04 PM.
1702	aeu	2012-05-10	But no. They made a mistake, and you're bending over backwards to complain that people are calling them on it. I don't understand why you're so hysterical about the fact that people don't share your opinion and dare to express it, but so is life.You have a point, but don't you think that goes both ways, or rather it mostly goes the other way? Lots of hysteria about changes that can reasonably be considered minor. Are they stupid or have they not read the books?  Such an excellent question, let's have a poll on that.
1703	teemo	2012-05-10	If they seem to randomly screw around with minor details -- and things that are, relative to those characters, iconic moments for them -- then it's worrisome for people who wonder if they're going to get sloppy or similarly wrong about bigger things. This.  Exactly how I feel.
1704	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-10	Just thinking about the myrcella thing... First off, it wasn't a big deal to me personally as I didn't even notice it.
Still, I'm trying to see the rationale of the complaints. So let me get this straight. In the books she was explicitly not crying and to some readers that signified a lot about her resilience. This is important because it foreshadows her happy-go-lucky attitude in affc.
The question I have for those readers is this: Do you think that her tv character is now inalterable for the remainder of the show? Are the tears really that defining for nonreading viewers? Is she now forever condemned to the poor little victim role? I don't believe that. I think she can cry now and still become resilient when the show reaches Dorne. People can change and 'man up' (woman up I guess...)
It's called character development. Now you may say that it's unneccesary development because it wasn't in the books. That's fine, but it's also a rigid purist stance.
1705	Envie	2012-05-10	I'm with the camp that felt this wasn't a huge deal having Myrcella crying. Honestly, watch it again. Yes, she's visibly crying, but she's not sobbing uncontrollably or reaching for her Mother or being a child (which she still is one). She's sitting there like a very poised young lady trying to fight back tears that are coming anyways and she's holding her back straight, her head up high...only pain in her eyes as she's going further away from the only life she's ever had. This is a terrifying moment for a young girl and I feel the actress did a good job of showing it without spoiling any sort of characterization for Myrcella. 
It's a very minor detail in light of all the major ones they've changed in the series. Really.
1706	Thunderfist	2012-05-10	The part about Myrcella crying was just one of many complaints that people have had about the episode, but since itÂ´s the complaint that seems the smallest and most petty, all the posters who dislike us "rigid purists", "book-fanatics" and (my personal favourite) "Novel-NAZIS", will cling to this to make their case.
1707	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-10	The part about Myrcella crying was just one of many complaints that people have had about the episode, but since itÂ´s the complaint that seems the smallest and most petty, all the posters who dislike us "rigid purists", "book-fanatics" and (my personal favourite) "Novel-NAZIS", will cling to this to make their case.I don't think that's fair. Both big and small changes can be discussed here. That's what the forum is for. I'm just trying to follow the rationale on a case by case basis. Myrcella is, as you said yourself, just one of the examples we can discuss. I still don't know how you feel about my earlier question.But let's also cover an ostensibly bigger change: the dragon theft. I thought it was smart because it doesn't change the direction of Dany's journey but it keeps her present situation interesting. That's what I'd call an improvement.Another one: Jon&ygritte. This one I did not really care for because it seemed contrived (leaving them alone and then chasing her for who knows what reason). I understand why they did it though. They're trying to establish this romance a little more than the books (In which it's also a bit out of the blue btw) Still, as long as Jon has to infiltrate and kill halfhand by the end of the season, I'm okay with his storyline.Point is, the groundwork of asoiaf is solid (not great tbh) and D&D can play with it as long as they keep hittting important plot points. That's my view at least.
1708	Thunderfist	2012-05-10	I don't think that's fair. Both big and small changes can be discussed here. That's what the forum is for. I'm just trying to follow the rationale on a case by case basis. Myrcella is, as you said yourself, just one of the examples we can discuss. I still don't know how you feel about my earlier question.But let's also cover an ostensibly bigger change: the dragon theft. I thought it was smart because it doesn't change the direction of Dany's journey but it keeps her present situation interesting. That's what I'd call an improvement.Another one: Jon&ygritte. This one I did not really care for because it seemed contrived (leaving them alone and then chasing her for who knows what reason). I understand why they did it though. They're trying to establish this romance a little more than the books (In which it's also a bit out of the blue btw) Still, as long as Jon has to infiltrate and kill halfhand by the end of the season, I'm okay with his storyline.Point is, the groundwork of asoiaf is solid (not great tbh) and D&D can play with it as long as they keep hittting important plot points. That's my view at least.About the crying: It signified that Myrcella was no longer a child but that she had embraced her role as a princess and had gained an understanding about her duties. This may prove to be important in later books, it depends a bit on how the Dorne plot plays out. And even though this is a minor issue, the question can be reversed, why change it at all?Regarding the dragon theft, I can only answer for myself but I would say that the jury is still out. I am sceptical right now but still open to the fact that the show might prove me wrong. Again, it depends on how it plays out.And personally I am fine with changes that make sense. Some of my favourite scenes from season 1 werenÂ´t included in the books, most notably Varys/Littlefinger, Tywin/Jaime and Robert/Cersei. I thougth that these scenes did a great job of showing these characters in a credible way.However, when the changes doesnÂ´t make any sense at all, I object. For me one example of this is the scene with Robb and Talisa. ItÂ´s blatantly obvious that Robb is falling in love with this girl, he makes no effort to conceal this whatsoever. He engages in flirtatious conversation with her in broad daylight in the middle of his camp. Everyone who happens to take a look at them will see that Robb is in love with her, and this includes all of his bannermen, most notably the Freys. The Freys are possibly his strongest allies at this point, and Robb has promised to marry Roslin Frey. So IÂ´m still waiting for someone to explain to me how it makes sense that Robb Stark is showing everyone that he is falling in love with this highborn lady when much of his success in the war is dependant on the alliance of the Freys and his marriage to Roslin. And even if the Freys might not expect Robb to marry Talisa, itÂ´s still a massive insult to them, commited in broad daylight in front of everyone.
1709	David Selig	2012-05-10	The Freys don't give a damn, as long as Robb doesn't marry anyone else, he can have lovers and they wouldn't care. After all Lord Frey is someone who has plenty of bastards and flaunts them in front of his wives, and in general male nobles cheating on their wives and betrothed is no big deal in Westeros, especially when they are away on war. And nobody would expect Robb to marry someone who's supposedly not even a noble when he's already engaged as a part of important political deal, it's just completely against the societal norms in Westeros.
1710	turdle	2012-05-10	for me personally, some of the most irritating changes have been the small ones. for example, changing the three eyed crow into a three eyed raven. honestly, the irritation is less about what was changed but that something was changed for virtually no reason. and while i did not remember that in the book that marcella didn't cry, i do find it irritating that they changed it. the bigger changes tend to make more sense to me, i get why they would combine scenarios here or there and cut out some characters and so on.  but when the difference amounts to a character saying "crow" instead of "raven," or having a little girl not cry instead of cry, it just makes me feel like D&D feel like changing things just because they can.
1711	Lightning Lord	2012-05-10	It highlights her, who otherwise has very little voice in the series up to that point. It's a shame they either forgot about it or went for the Hollywood "oh, lets project emotion by having her sobbing". Hell, if they just gave her a quiver of her lips and a surreptitious wiping away of a single tear, it'd both project emotion and be true to that moment in the novel.That word...I do not think it means what you think it means.I've seen girls of that age (and boys...and adults) sobbing.  Myrcella on screen was, really, truly, NOT SOBBING.  Sobbing is more vocal, more violent, less controlled.  That's not just my personal connotation of it, that's what you find if you look it up in a dictionary.  There wasn't a raw deluge of emotion.  Myrcella was crying and sniffling.  She looked like a girl putting a brave face on a very upsetting situation.  She looked like she wanted to sob and knew it wasn't allowed for a princess.  But, despite her bravery and desire to act the part instead of the person, the little princess wasn't quite able to keep back all of it.  How does that change anything about her character?Also, in the novel, we see Myrcella from Tyrion's perspective.  When we get Tyrion's perspective on-screen, Myrcella isn't even visible, just the boat she's on.  The didn't reproduce the whole scene for us.
1712	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-11	while i did not remember that in the book that marcella didn't cry, i do find it irritating that they changed it.So the westeros board changed your mind? Your annoyance is pretty much proof of not judging the show as a show. If you didn't remember it being in the books on your first viewing, what's the difference? I'm asking this because I also didn't notice it. I only realized it because I read it here. I thought about it after and realized that if it didn't annoy me sunday, it doesn't really change anything for me one way or the other.
1713	irishtemper	2012-05-11	So the westeros board changed your mind? Your annoyance is pretty much proof of not judging the show as a show. If you didn't remember it being in the books on your first viewing, what's the difference? I'm asking this because I also didn't notice it. I only realized it because I read it here. I thought about it after and realized that if it didn't annoy me sunday, it doesn't really change anything for me one way or the other.But it did change it just for the sake of change, that is what annoys me for most of the changes.
1714	Hyper	2012-05-11	But it did change it just for the sake of change, that is what annoys me for most of the changes.No, no, and no. It is not change "for the sake of change". Several good reasons for the change have been pointed out. Apparently they have been missed or ignored. You may not agree with the arguments, but at least have the decency to admit they exist!I very much doubt that *any* change has been changed for "the sake of change". I'm sure that there is *plenty* of discussion in the writer conferences and internal script reviews.And I echo the surprise at the amount of people unaware that a detail is changed (and apparently fine with it), come to Westeros.org, find out that it was a change, and THEN get outraged.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 11 May 2012 - 02:11 AM.
1715	Ran	2012-05-11	What's wrong with that? They thought the show was being true to the characters from the book... and then discover that the show hasn't been. They were happy when the show was being, in their mind, faithful and now thy're unhappy because the show wasn't. Simple, really, so I'm confused at your confusion.
Perhaps ignorance truly is bliss for some.
1716	Raja	2012-05-11	Wow some of the abuse on here is quite unreal , firstly though for those holding out on giving a verdict due to the season not reaching it's climax . I don't think that's a good argument mostly because each episode should be able to be judged by itself , independently . It cannot all be set up , take Mad Men for example. The Robb story does not bother me one bit , it would be quite impossible having him just show up with a bride with no set up at all . I don't think that would work on television . There is alot of stuff which works on paper and does not work on screen . For example the house of the undying works fine on paper but showing that visually would be kind of gimmky. Which is why I think having the Oona Chaplin/ Lady Talissa scenes are  necessary.
As long as the added scenes stay in the essence of the book,  scenes like Cersei and Robert's conversation about their marriage and Selmy/ Robert/ Jamie talking about their first kill , I don't think one should be that critical
					
					
							Edited by Raja, 11 May 2012 - 03:23 AM.
1717	Hyper	2012-05-11	Ran,
Nothing wrong with it per se. I like reading many reviews (yours included), and it is interesting to find persuasive arguments and weigh them against ones own opinions. But I'm sure you've noticed how many see your reviews as authoritative on the subject, and this can potentially lead to a certain lemming effect. Is that what is happening here? Maybe, maybe not. As long as people have done some thinking about the pros/cons instead of claiming "change for changes sake", I don't mind.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 11 May 2012 - 03:26 AM.
1718	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-11	What's wrong with that? They thought the show was being true to the characters from the book... and then discover that the show hasn't been. They were happy when the show was being, in their mind, faithful and now thy're unhappy because the show wasn't. Simple, really, so I'm confused at your confusion.Perhaps ignorance truly is bliss for some.Ran, earlier you put forward a reasonable idea about judging GoT according to two axes; faithfulness and stand-alone merit (don't know if it was this thread or somewhere else). I agree with that assessment and it seems to me that making a 180 purely based on faithfulness disregards the other axis: the stand-alone merit of the show. If Myrcella's tears make sense within the logic of the television show, it can't be as terrible a change as some people make it out to be. It's not faithful, but that's only one part of the equation.
1719	JW.	2012-05-11	I dont mind tweaking and or changing certain characters, but i'd like to see some improvement then. It seems the writers want to put their own touch on it, and to be quite honest... it's often just not working. It's just disapointing is all, season 1 was so spot on in almost every way.. and you'd think they would follow that route when it came to season 2.
And that's my major problem with the writers, they proved they could do it season 1. I'll be honest, i'm not at all impressed with the writing on the show ( I'll bet now that George's Blackwater episode will be of significant higher quality then the others).
1720	Mr Fixit	2012-05-11	I dont mind tweaking and or changing certain characters, but i'd like to see some improvement then. It seems the writers want to put their own touch on it, and to be quite honest... it's often just not working. It's just disapointing is all, season 1 was so spot on in almost every way.. and you'd think they would follow that route when it came to season 2.But you see, season 1 wasn't spot on. They made Ned a renowned warrior, obviously making a large deviation from his book character. Since Ned is arguably the main character of AGoT, I posit that Season 1 is a travesty.I kid, of course. I'm just saying that anything can be construed in such a way to make a character seem bereft of his core.
1721	FloredaA	2012-05-11	I was waiting for the peach too. But imagine this : they're filming. First take. Renly has a peach (it's been hard to find as it's not quite the season, especially in Ireland) , as per the faithful script, but doesn't find in his costume a pocket where it won't be squashed (in fact he tries but soils a costume. Costumers are not happy. Acessorists neither, that peaches cost a bit!). He has to keep it in hand, but he feels stupid, and he can't ride so well with only one hand. Second take. They've added a pouch on his saddle to put the peach. But in mounting the horse the peach is squashed. Third take. The peach is okay, but it feels awkward to search for it while delivering his lines. Fourth take. Renly smoothly produces the peach, but when biting it, dribbles juice on his chin and costume, and can't speak his next line.The costumers are not happy. Fifth take. The peach has been replaced by an apple, Renly manages to play around the apple. But it feels like everybody in the scene is looking at the damn apple. On watching the rushes at the end of the day someone asks if the apple has some secret meaning. It looks that way. The apple is stealing all the meaning of the scene. Then they remember that the peach was supposed to symbolize the summer knights and their lighthearted attitude. The apple doesn't work, it's not a summer fruit. Someone suggests cherries, but thay have their own symbolism which is quite different, especially in that episode.
The day after, they shoot the scene again, but the fruits stay in their basket. All is well.
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA, 11 May 2012 - 04:45 AM.
1722	turdle	2012-05-11	So the westeros board changed your mind? Your annoyance is pretty much proof of not judging the show as a show. If you didn't remember it being in the books on your first viewing, what's the difference? I'm asking this because I also didn't notice it. I only realized it because I read it here. I thought about it after and realized that if it didn't annoy me sunday, it doesn't really change anything for me one way or the other.well first of all, it is hard to simply just judge the show on it's own and separate book knowledge. but no, marcella crying doesn't ruin the show for me, it doesn't bother me. what does bother me is that they make changes that i do not understand the reasoning.  prime example is crow to raven. that one definitely bothers me. and no it doesn't ruin the show, the show will continue on with the tv audience oblivious to this change, quite content. but why change this?
1723	Odie Wan Kenodie	2012-05-11	I'm disappointed. The whole episode was a mehh and a big yawn except a few highlights like the Hound, and Ygritte.
					
					
							Edited by Odendisa, 11 May 2012 - 05:36 AM.
1724	Ran	2012-05-11	Dragon greyscale,If Myrcella's tears make sense within the logic of the television showThe logic of the TV show is poor, in that case. It was a defining detail of the character, and now it's gone for no genuinely useful reason. It's not good television to have a girl crying in an expected context, because, well, that's what the lowest common denominator expects. What GRRM did was quite different, and quite superior, and it literally would have cost them nothing to stick by it.And if it's a thing that's inserted just to pull at heart strings, that sappily maudlin attitude is something to be excoriated, not praised. That's what brings us The Notebook's of the world.Let me add that I hardly dwelt on the detail in our analysis of the episode -- it's a minor detail. But the episode featured a particular intensity of tonal divergence, cheap thrills, and so on, and this is part and parcel with it, hence why people are talking about it as just a symptomatic example of things the show is doing that feels wrong to them.FloredaA,I can say that the peach was never a factor in the filming of the scene. It was not part of the final shooting script at all. And I doubt anyone can say that they anticipated the hypothetical details you have imagined and dropped it for that reason. Pretty sure whoever broke down that section of the story forgot about it or it just didn't stick in their mind as being an important character moment (important for both Renly and Stannis).Renly doesn't exactly "ride" in that scene, does he? Everyone's horses are standing still, in any case.Of course, the peach scene was also a Taylor episode... so I'm thinking both this and Myrcella's tears could be taken as evidence of her just not approaching the material in the same way as the other writers in so far as minor nuances and grace notes seem to pass her by. Then again, D&D sign off on everything, so... who knows.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 11 May 2012 - 05:53 AM.
1725	Mr Fixit	2012-05-11	It was a defining detail of the character, and now it's gone for no genuinely useful reason.We'll have to agree to disagree I guess. If such inconsequential deviations bother you, all right. You're entitled to it. I'm sorry you deny yourself the pleasure of enjoying the show on its own merits, but hey, that's how you want it.Just wanted to say it's hardly a defining detail of the character, seeing as she has no character. She's a painting on the wall, and that's if a reader is feeling generous.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 11 May 2012 - 06:10 AM.
1726	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-11	I'm assuming they just felt the princess riding away from her family without so much as a sniffle would come off as flat on TV. But eh.
1727	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	The Freys don't give a damn, as long as Robb doesn't marry anyone else, he can have lovers and they wouldn't care. After all Lord Frey is someone who has plenty of bastards and flaunts them in front of his wives, and in general male nobles cheating on their wives and betrothed is no big deal in Westeros, especially when they are away on war. And nobody would expect Robb to marry someone who's supposedly not even a noble when he's already engaged as a part of important political deal, it's just completely against the societal norms in Westeros.I guess that we will have to agree to disagree.I donÂ´t find it credible that Robb would deliberately risk offending and alienating his most powerful bannermen. Especially not when the "falling-in-love"-process thatÂ´s shown in the series seems to take place over several weeks/months and is done out in the open for everyone to see. The Freys are prickly about their honor and the Frey women already have a reputation for being far from attractive, when Robb is flirting with another, far more attractive girl in front of everyone, it invites jokes/gests and what not about the girl he is supposed to marry and about Frey women in general. I understand that the writers have added these changes to get the stereotypical and classic love-story into the show but I think that the writing is poor and done without regard for or understanding about the source material.And how will this fit with the Red Wedding?TV-wiever: "So, why did they just kill Robb and all his men?"Book-reader: "Well they got upset that he married another woman and broke the pact with the Freys"TV-wiever: "But we saw that coming half-way through season 2, why didnÂ´t anyone react earlier to prevent that marriage"Book-reader: "Hmm .... "
1728	Vandalism	2012-05-11	I did not dislike Rodrik Cassel's death, although I think it may have been better had they not changed it. I know, I know; they have only so many actors to use, but Rodrik defeated the Ironborn at Torrhen's Square and they were being led by Dagmer. In the episode, Dagmer is in Winterfell.Dagmer being defeated by Cassel was a blow to Theon since it reduced his strength and thus made his forces thinner and his situation even more unstable.On a side note, I loved Osha in this episode. I loved her in every episode, and I really enjoy her development as an elder sister/friend to Bran and Rickon. Also, she is hot. No saggy boobs, yahoo!
1729	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-11	Ran, earlier you put forward a reasonable idea about judging GoT according to two axes; faithfulness and stand-alone merit (don't know if it was this thread or somewhere else). I agree with that assessment and it seems to me that making a 180 purely based on faithfulness disregards the other axis: the stand-alone merit of the show. If Myrcella's tears make sense within the logic of the television show, it can't be as terrible a change as some people make it out to be. It's not faithful, but that's only one part of the equation.I wasn't thrilled by Myrcella's tears, when GRRM took pains to mention that she was composed and self-confident as she set out for Dorne.  But I can see why they wrote the scene that way - to add emphasis to Cersei's bitterness/sorrow as she tells Tyrion that she hopes that he will love someone/something someday so she can take it away from him.  The camera cut to weepy Myrcella before or after Cersei's little speech to Tyrion; I guess the writers thought that having a calm, brave Myrcella waving bye-bye from the boat would undercut the Cersei/Tyrion drama.  They could have managed it better, by cutting some of that dreadful and awkward Robb/Talisa banter and shown Myrcella crying on the dock, making her farewells, then wiping her eyes bravely and smiling as she sets off for her new life.  But it's not the worst of the many changes they've made.  And the episode was Ros-Free!!!! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
1730	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-11	What's wrong with that? They thought the show was being true to the characters from the book... and then discover that the show hasn't been. They were happy when the show was being, in their mind, faithful and now thy're unhappy because the show wasn't. Simple, really, so I'm confused at your confusion. Perhaps ignorance truly is bliss for some.I think it's proof that some people will criticize any deviation from the simply because it's a deviation from the book and no other reason. Of course, it's their right to think that way and voice their opinions. But for others, myself included, it's annoying when all people seem able to do is come on and criticise the show for any change from the books.I think there are some changes which were a poor decision and I'm happy to judge each change on it's merits. These threads do just seem to be a precession of people ranting about changes however minor.
1731	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	I think it's proof that some people will criticize any deviation from the simply because it's a deviation from the book and no other reason. Of course, it's their right to think that way and voice their opinions. But for others, myself included, it's annoying when all people seem able to do is come on and criticise the show for any change from the books.I think there are some changes which were a poor decision and I'm happy to judge each change on it's merits. These threads do just seem to be a precession of people ranting about changes however minor.So why do you read and post in them?
1732	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-11	So why do you read and post in them?Probably the same reason people who complain about the show still watch it.
1733	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	Probably the same reason people who complain about the show still watch it.If the show only annoyed me, I wouldnÂ´t watch it. But to each his own I guess
1734	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-11	If the show only annoyed me, I wouldnÂ´t watch it. But to each his own I guessWell reading these boards don't only annoy me.
1735	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-11	So why do you read and post in them?Probably the same reason people who complain about the show still watch it.You guys, you're both doing the same thing (as am I). It's like love to hate, or watching a train wreck in fascination. Just because you disagree with something does not mean that you should not watch/post at all. At the end of the day, its what we call a discussion.sidenote:First we had "I'm sick of the changes" people.Then we had "I'm sick of the people who are sick of the changes" peopleNow we have "I'm sick of the people who are sick of the people who are sick of the changes" peopleTake an educated guess on the next group of complaints /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 11 May 2012 - 08:40 AM.
1736	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	Well reading these boards don't only annoy me.I never said that. I asked why you continued to read threads that annoyed you, it seems like an easy thing to avoid. Instead you for some reason feel the need to read through threads that only annoy you and make posts in those threads about how much they annoy you.
1737	Mad Queen	2012-05-11	It's funny that people are being accused of complaining about changes just because they are deviations from the book, even though they all explain why they didn't like the changes, while it seems that others get huffy at any criticism to the show. A lot of people claiming that sticking to the books wouldn't have worked on TV who have no idea about what works on TV and have never seen alternative scenes to make sure they really wouldn't have worked on TV and thus need to be changed.
1738	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-11	I never said that. I asked why you continued to read threads that annoyed you, it seems like an easy thing to avoid. Instead you for some reason feel the need to read through threads that only annoy you and make posts in those threads about how much they annoy you.And this is more, less or just as illogical as watching the show, getting annoyed about something then coming on here to post about how annoyed you are by it?
1739	Ran	2012-05-11	Well, you seem to feel that the whole purpose of this thread annoys you. Whereas I think most of the people here who are complaining about aspects of the show still find some pleasure in watching the show, despite their annoyances at various aspects.Seems to me it's far less sensible to come in to a thread you dislike to complain about the thread's existence, than someone who likes the show complaining about things they feel to be missteps.
1740	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	And this is more, less or just as illogical as watching the show, getting annoyed about something then coming on here to post about how annoyed you are by it?Not really. I watched the latest episode, then I posted my thoughts on the episode in threads called "How would you rate episode 206?", "ArenÂ´t you bothered" and "Nitpick without repercussion!". Based on the titles of those threads, I assume that they are the place to post both positive and negative thoughts about the episode. If there had been a thread called "100% praise and adoration for episode 206 (no complaints allowed)" and I had read and posted in that one, then your points would have been valid. However since that wasnÂ´t the case, they are not.
1741	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-11	Not really. I watched the latest episode, then I posted my thoughts on the episode in threads called "How would you rate episode 206?", "ArenÂ´t you bothered" and "Nitpick without repercussion!". Based on the titles of those threads, I assume that they are the place to post both positive and negative thoughts about the episode. If there had been a thread called "100% praise and adoration for episode 206 (no complaints allowed)" and I had read and posted in that one, then your points would have been valid. However since that wasnÂ´t the case, they are not.And if my purpose in life was never to hear or read an opinion I disagreed with or annoyed me, then maybe I would steer clear of these threads. It's not though.
1742	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-11	If not for the books there wouldn't even be a show so the least these idiotic writers/producers can do is STICK TO THE SOURCE MATERIAL.
if they are already screwing up small SIMPLE details like a little girl who's NOT supposed to be crying then whats to prevent them screwing up something like The Red Wedding or huge battles or pivotal future scenes?
THAT'S why people are complaining and we have a right to do so. And frankly its things like this which make me not want to subscribe to HBO. If I'm gonna pay for premium channels then they should deliver premium content that sticks to the original document 95% of the time.
And HBO refuses to use their freaking minds and make the season 20 episodes long. Or if that's too long and too much money (which I don't think it would be) then they can settle for 15 episodes.
1743	7V3N	2012-05-11	So the westeros board changed your mind? Your annoyance is pretty much proof of not judging the show as a show. If you didn't remember it being in the books on your first viewing, what's the difference? I'm asking this because I also didn't notice it. I only realized it because I read it here. I thought about it after and realized that if it didn't annoy me sunday, it doesn't really change anything for me one way or the other.It should not be judged like that. It is an adaptation, so it will be judged as such. It is not it's own show. It is a show that is a visual television adaptation of the stories GRRM has created. It is his story, not theirs. (It is not our story because, as he continually shown, GRRM will do what he wants, move who he wants, stay put in Mereen with whoever he wants, and of course kill whoever he wants).
1744	7V3N	2012-05-11	I was waiting for the peach too. But imagine this : they're filming. First take. Renly has a peach (it's been hard to find as it's not quite the season, especially in Ireland) , as per the faithful script, but doesn't find in his costume a pocket where it won't be squashed (in fact he tries but soils a costume. Costumers are not happy. Acessorists neither, that peaches cost a bit!). He has to keep it in hand, but he feels stupid, and he can't ride so well with only one hand. Second take. They've added a pouch on his saddle to put the peach. But in mounting the horse the peach is squashed. Third take. The peach is okay, but it feels awkward to search for it while delivering his lines. Fourth take. Renly smoothly produces the peach, but when biting it, dribbles juice on his chin and costume, and can't speak his next line.The costumers are not happy. Fifth take. The peach has been replaced by an apple, Renly manages to play around the apple. But it feels like everybody in the scene is looking at the damn apple. On watching the rushes at the end of the day someone asks if the apple has some secret meaning. It looks that way. The apple is stealing all the meaning of the scene. Then they remember that the peach was supposed to symbolize the summer knights and their lighthearted attitude. The apple doesn't work, it's not a summer fruit. Someone suggests cherries, but thay have their own symbolism which is quite different, especially in that episode.The day after, they shoot the scene again, but the fruits stay in their basket. All is well.Ok, storing the peach would not be difficult. You are overestimating the difficulty. But what about this:Stannis is going on about the slights made to him, the reasons Renly has to submit to him (very fitting with Stannis' character) and as he goes on with his speech Renly is eating the peach all nonchalant and smiling and then laughing when Stannis reaches the end, saying he will be destroyed if he does not bend the knee.That'd do it for me. I think that'd stay in character for both, while staying true to the book. The peach scene is our last real memory of Renly, and it was Renly. That peach scene perfectly captured his attitude about everything, including the war. Others take him, he treated his march on King's Landing like a party!
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 11 May 2012 - 11:10 AM.
1745	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	And if my purpose in life was never to hear or read an opinion I disagreed with or annoyed me, then maybe I would steer clear of these threads. It's not though.But if you donÂ´t mind hearing or reading opinions that you disagree with, then why are you in this forum making posts about how annoyed you get at all the people who disagree with your view of the show?
1746	Mr Fixit	2012-05-11	If not for the books there wouldn't even be a show so the least these idiotic writers/producers can do is STICK TO THE SOURCE MATERIAL.(...)And frankly its things like this which make me not want to subscribe to HBO.If you don't mind me asking, how old are you?
1747	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-11	If you don't mind me asking, how old are you?'I don't mind and I'm 26....currently doing a masters program.
1748	Mr Fixit	2012-05-11	'I don't mind and I'm 26....currently doing a masters program.Don't say!
1749	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-11	I was skeptical of the changes they were making for the first few episodes.  But then when episode 3 came around, so did I.  Yoren's story of Willem.  Theon to Pyke.  Then when I saw episode 4 I was completely on board with the story the tv show was telling.I was a little reluctant to go into this next bit, but since I'm already posting on a forum discussing a series of fantasy novels with a screenname fusing a character from said series and a ridiculous band, I don't think there's much face left to save, so here goes.  I am a huge Harry Potter fan.  Love the books, love the movies.  However, I hated, I mean HATED Order of the Pheonix when I first saw it.  I left the theater fuming, grumbling that they absolutely fucking ruined my favorite fucking book of the entire fucking series.  The whole drive home I couldn't stop thinking of all the things they did wrong, left out, that they probably couldn't have done a worse fucking job and that I wasn't even remotely fucking looking forward to fucking movie fucking 6.  But then as I was driving it hit me.  "Look at how angry you are over something you love so much.  Why are you letting them take that enjoyment away from you?  The story you love is still in there."  Now that you know everything they've done, you know they cut your favorite conversation in the entire series, you know they cut this and this and that, go back and watch it again.  This time for the movie it is, not the movie it isn't. So I did.  And I have to tell you, I fucking loved it.  And I carried that attitude with me into movie 6 and 7 and I loved those too.  And that's the attitude I carried into Game of Thrones and I love it too (waaaaay more than Harry Potter for those who are keeping score).I would suggest trying that to anyone who is unhappy with the show.  It's quite difficult and you can't just tell youself once, it's a constant excercise, but I think it's totally worth it.  And it's ok to still have greivances, I still have mine, the show isn't perfect.  But I don't let my greivances take over my enjoyment of the show.  Neither my, nor your anger will make Benioff & Weiss change their adaptation, it will only mar an experience of something you love.  And, trust me, I know that loving the source material only amplifies your reaction to an alteration to it.  But the alteration has been made.  Months, maybe even years, ago by now.  Start watching the show for the story that's being told, not the story that isn't.  I sincerely hope you have the same reaction that I did once you do.Lastly, if the season were 20 episodes, it would cost HBO close to $100 million.  I'm sorry, but not even Warner Bros. or any other Hollywood studio could produce that year after year.  On top of that, I've seen interviews with Benioff & Weiss and that even with 10 episode seasons, they, the directors, casting, location scouts, crews building sets, etc. are working 50 to 51 weeks out of the year.  Believe me, I would love 20 episode seasons just as much as you. But it is impossible.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 11 May 2012 - 02:34 PM.
1750	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-11	Don't say!How old are you if you don't mind my asking?
1751	Mr Fixit	2012-05-11	How old are you if you don't mind my asking?Not at all. 32.
1752	JW.	2012-05-11	Stannis, Melissandre, Pyke, Dany's storyline. It has all just been a letdown, bigtime. And what is even more troubling: all the iconic scenes in the book are done piss poorly on the show itself, Renly's Shadow Baby, Stannis and Renly and his Peach, Theon and Asha meeting for the first time.
And this is the troubling part, the acting is just fine. It really is the writing, they just cut out the good stuff or add in their own, which sucks most of the times. The writers on the show aren't exactly Scorsese or Coppola as we have noticed so far, so perhaps they really should stick closely to the books!
1753	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-11	I was a little reluctant to go into this next bit, but since I'm already posting on a forum discussing a series of fantasy novels with a screenname fusing a character from said series and a ridiculous band, I don't think there's much face left to save, so here goes.I LOL'd at thisI am a huge Harry Potter fan.  Love the books, love the movies.  However, I hated, I mean HATED Order of the Pheonix when I first saw it.  I left the theater fuming, grumbling that they absolutely fucking ruined my favorite fucking book of the entire fucking series.  The whole drive home I couldn't stop thinking of all the things they did wrong, left out, that they probably couldn't have done a worse fucking job and that I wasn't even remotely fucking looking forward to fucking movie fucking 6.  But then as I was driving it hit me.  "Look at how angry you are over something you love so much.  Why are you letting them take that enjoyment away from you?  The story you love is still in there."  Now that you know everything they've done, you know they cut your favorite conversation in the entire series, you know they cut this and this and that, go back and watch it again.  This time for the movie it is, not the movie it isn't. So I did.  And I have to tell you, I fucking loved it.  And I carried that attitude with me into movie 6 and 7 and I loved those too.  And that's the attitude I carried into Game of Thrones and I love it too (waaaaay more than Harry Potter for those who are keeping score).I would suggest trying that to anyone who is unhappy with the show.  It's quite difficult and you can't just tell youself once, it's a constant excercise, but I think it's totally worth it.  And it's ok to still have greivances, I still have mine, the show isn't perfect.  But I don't let my greivances take over my enjoyment of the show.  Neither my, nor your anger will make Benioff & Weiss change their adaptation, it will only mar an experience of something you love.  And, trust me, I know that loving the source material only amplifies your reaction to an alteration to it.  But the alteration has been made.  Months, maybe even years, ago by now.  Start watching the show for the story that's being told, not the story that isn't.  I sincerely hope you have the same reaction that I did once you do.and I applauded this. Genuine and honest post man. We can still be book-fans and not turn into a bitter and angry mob.
1754	SerMixalot	2012-05-11	I just posted to another thread that I am reading ACoK right now and translating the book to 10 episodes would have been relatively easy.
There is no reason for these changes.
And as the season goes along the more I am disappointed by them
They should have trusted the viewer and the source material
Unfortunately this would have left HBO with far fewer scenes with Robb and I figure they view him as one of the stars of the series.
Shame really
still good, just not as great it could have been
1755	Ser Greguh	2012-05-11	As someone who, when I take the time to post in these sorts of threads, is often accused of being one of the more forceful anti-nitpickers, it seems like this thread affords a good opportunity to justify that position in a bit more detail.In doing so I'll focus on two main themes.  The first is rather simple: the purist's mindset is, at a base psychological level, not one that I identify with nor one that I condone.Put simply, while I certainly claim and own the lable of an ASOIAF geek to the core - I can name every Targaryen king from memory, I have the books all but memorized, I could write multiple essays discussing R+L=J from many different viewpoints - there's an aspect to geekhood with which I have never identified, and that is, put simply, that in order to love something, we must first disavow it of any flaws.  Wil Wheaton did a very nice essay on the phenomenon of geekdom, a while back, which boiled down to, being a geek is awesome because it means we get to love things.  Without shame, without the weight of being cool about it, without worrying about the judgment of others.I think that's very true, and I embrace that mindset, but unfortunately I think that the more a fan descends into nit-picking, the more that love shows a darker side, and looks less like an innocent admiration and more like a possessive stalker.  Just because we love something doesn't mean we have to think it's flawless.  I remember complaints in S1 when Catelyn didn't deliver the line to Jon Snow that "It should have been you."  I remember thinking that it was so far beyond silly to mourn the loss of such a terrible line.  But then it occurs to me that so many readers don't realize that it's a terrible line, and the reason for that is most likely that so many of the fans are so unhealthily in love with the series that they've managed to blind themselves to its warts, and worse, sometimes seem to accuse those who suggest that it even has warts is somehow treasonous.I simply don't think that's healthy.  It's an aspect of geekhood that I've never identified with.  Loving something doesn't mean we have to defend its every last detail, and it's not mutually exclusive to love these books and, say, still make fun of GRRM's (frankly rather awful) writing tic of "many and more."  Someone whose gut reaction amounts to, "It's different, so it sucks," simply doesn't communicate to me on a very fundamental level.To be a purist one must first see something as pure.  It's not.  It's a book.  It's not a holy text.The second point is far more involved, and much more difficult to articulate without coming across very poorly, so I'll tread carefully.  Nevertheless, the point is that The factors of which a good adaptation is made are far, far more intricate than most people give them credit for.Adaptation is hard.  Seriously, amazingly, jaw-droppingly, soul-crushingly hard.  Harder than most non-writers could possibly imagine.  What seems to some like it should just be a simple 1:1 translation - take the words from the page, kill the unnecessary ones, and translate the rest to screenplay format - takes on a level of complexity that is difficult to imagine when you put it through the filter of what consitutes a good visual story.It's easy to forgive, and not really possible to know this unless you've done much writing, you've tried to adapt something within the context of professional work, or you've spent considerable time doing criticism.  You have to know how the sausage is made, plain and simple.  There's a very good reason why the majority of fanfiction is pure and utter crap, and there's a reason why GRRM is a lot less of a purist with regard to his own damn books than so many of his fans are: it's because he's been around the block more than once, and understands that the vast majority of the nitpicks deal with choices that he likely never saw as sanctified to begin with; a lot of them were almost certainly 51/49 type decisions that can easily tilt the other way in the adaptation process, and thus his "meh, whatever" reaction is likely quite justified.Take the example of the decision to have Myrcella cry as she's departing King's Landing.  It's explicitly different from the books, and thus, causes massive consternation from the purists: "ZOMG they got it wrong!  Didn't they even read the books?  Are they even trying?"Well, no.  That's totally wrong.  There is a very very good reason to make that change, the first and foremost being that there's a very specific reason that works in the books, and unfortunately that reason is next to impossible to translate to film.  The scene in the books works not because of some inherent power to a child being separated from their family, but because GRRM is able to have Tyrion specifically comment on it, in an internal monologue that shows in one fell swoop his love for his family, his respect for Myrcella, and his disdain for much of the rest of his family.  So how do you bring that to the screen?  Well, you can just have Tyrion make the comment out loud, but to whom?  Cersei?  Bronn?  Sandor?  He doesn't have a confidant in the party - his only true confidant in all of King's Landing is Shae - and so to have him recite a line in admiration of Myrcella's stoicism simply doesn't work for the scene.  And so you'd have nothing more than a girl being rowed away from her family that's not crying, which without the background commentary comes off as a bit awkward, out of place, and bizarre, possibly the result of sloppy direction, or of having an actress that's unable to cry convincingly.  I guarantee you that the scene would seem "off".  It's a choice that makes perfect sense, and that doesn't really change much of anything important (there are plenty of ways to show Myrcella as strong and composed, if it becomes important, and a girl crying upon being separated from her family is hardly mutually exclusive with that.Or, say, the lack of a peach.  It's a consequence of changes to the character that were, quite frankly, probably necessary.  Renly in the books is a foppish joker who takes nothing seriously and sees everything, even his being crowned king, as a game, but that's a personality type that simply doesn't play as well on screen in the context.  The books have unlimited room to contextualize and rationalize his behavior, and GRRM does a very nice job of setting up that mindset, though he also doesn't seem to arrive there until about the prologue of the second book, with Maester Cresson's internal monologue about Renly as a child and how nothing has changed.  Show!Renly is considerably different, and much more built upon the urgency and moral pragmatism that he shows in his S1 plea for Ned to support his claim (which, if you think about it in the books, is actually quite different from his persona elsewhere in the books).  It's clear that D&D set Renly up to be a more sympathetic, more consistent moral voice, who crowned himself as much because he felt he was assuaging a moral duty to not allow the Iron Throne to fall to a catastrophic king such as Joffrey or Stannis, instead of just being the enormous douchenozzle he is in the books, claiming the throne basically because he can and because he thinks he'll be awesome at it and stuff.  So the whimsical, taunting, utterly arrogant Renly that we see in the books, negotiating with his brother via taunting, jesting, and offering a peach, simply wouldn't fit.  Show!Renly is completely different, and yet I don't see nearly as many people commenting on this in a negative way as I see complaining that one of their favorite iconic images had to be altered for consistency.(Generally speaking, the sort of whimsical fopishness works much better on the page than it does on the screen, particularly of a dark series like this one.  Littlefinger's tendency in the books, for example, to dress in bright, gaudy outfits so that no one takes him seriously, would have been disastrous in the adaptation).So, what people see as "pointless changes" aren't really; they're just choices made by writers and directors that, so far, have very much seemed on top of things, very much know what they're doing, and understand intimately that the biggest change of all is that the story isn't being told with words, but rather a moving picture and sounds.  The ramifications of that go a whole lot deeper than I think a lot of people here understand.And I don't want this to mean that there aren't changes, or omissions, in the adaptation that I'm not happy with.  In particular I don't like, for example, that they've largely cut Shae and Tyrion's interactions in the series so far, since a big part of the Tyrion storyline in the books is not just that he's a devious player and uber-competent Hand, but also that he's deeply, immensely happy in the process, not the least of which because he has the Dream (pseudo)Girlfriend to go home to at night and relieve his stresses.  It was important to communicate just how much he loves what he's doing, and Shae was a big part of that.  I think it'll make his frustration at eventually having that power slip quite a bit less powerful.However, I'd like to think that that's a position that's a bit more sophisticated than "ZOMG they made her Sansa's maid way too early."
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 11 May 2012 - 05:50 PM.
1756	Ran	2012-05-11	Ser Greguh,On the face of it, well-reasoned. Except, you know, the implication that the "purists" are only arguing from the position of "ZOMG" is rather beneath you. Just because some people do not discuss every nuance of why they're annoyed, when there's pages of nuanced discussion and critique already, doesn't mean their positions lack nuance. They just haven't expressed it -- or, just as possibly, you've chosen to just treat it all as "ZOMG".Furthermore, there is some kind of arrogance in trying to "guarantee" to people that your hypothetical is some sort of unchallengable proof. Eh? No, no it isn't. You can, at best, guarantee your belief that it would be true. But you know that you don't actually know. You just believe that in the film in your head, it'd be "off". That's a belief, not a fact.And to get to specifics:Frankly, the fact that Joffrey himself comments on tears -- his brother's tears -- is enough to make you consider what it means that Myrcella is not crying. The tremulous lip, the rigid back, the stiff look -- without needing a word, you know. Doesn't need tears. Doesn't need much acting. Even the poorest actors can generally look stiff and rigid. A little bite of a lip -- perfect, the line of the mouth is now that of someone trying to control themselves.You know what that is? Subtlety. Letting you figure it out. You have a bit of prior knowledge of sweet Myrcella, babbling happily about dresses and weddings... and then you have stoic Myrcella, with a tremulous lip and a moist eye, and you can fit the pieces together, because you're clever and you've watched enough drama to figure it out. You can contrast that with Joffrey, and with Tommen. "Oh, Tommen's so sweet and gentle, but it looks like Myrcella has more spine, even though you can see she's about to cry too. Nothing like that ass, Joffrey!"And for that matter, a confidant, if you really must spell it out because you believe HBO audiences can't put two and two together with any reliability? Well, you know there's someone who Tyrion might have made that remark to, and given it some further layering: Sansa. Especially after Joffrey complains at her interjection. Two-three lines, pointing out how Myrcella's lack of tears is utterly different from Joffrey's callous disregard, putting him in his place (again), adding to that bad mood that'll trigger the riot. Nice, sweet, as I imagine it in my head. Another bit of interaction between Tyrion and Sansa since he rescued her from that beating, another sign of his understanding and regard for her and her difficult position, another chance to build tension between him and Joffrey that triggers something very bad indeed... and may be a prelude, a foreshadowing, of things to come.Can I guarantee that would work? Nope, not my line. But what I do know is that I can imagine a number of ways in which they could have stayed true to that defining moment for Myrcella without asking heroic acting on anyone's part -- a rigid back, a bitten lip, a saline drop or two to the eyes -- and I have to imagine they could have done it. But someone, somewhere, decided that having her in tears was "better". Were they right? I don't think so. It's a nuance, one of the few that character has. It complicates, rather than simplifies. It's good to have complexity.Also, I'll trust you only watched part of the Renly-Stannis scene, because his joking about the banners making it easier to tell their armies apart and, "Smoke and salt? Is he a ham?" was perfectly fitting the character in the novel. The idea that Renly did not joke and taunt and grin his way through that confrontation on the show is very strange to me.I would also suggest that you don't know how much of a purist George is. In fact, he's explicitly said that when he watches adaptations, he is very much a purist by nature. He wants to see things as close as he imagined. He knows adaptation is hard, he knows compromises must be made... but I'd bet you a dollar that if you asked him off the record if he wrote that departure scene, would he have had Myrcella crying or not, I'm pretty sure he would at least have said he'd have tried it without the tears. Can I guarantee it?Nope. Not in that line. But I know George pretty well, and I know what he's said about the show in public, and there he has said that there are choices the show makes that would not have been his own choices. Put that together with his being a purist by heart, and wonder how he might feel at minor details being dropped or changed seemingly at random, often to less effect than what he intended. Sure, he can put with it -- 50%, 60%, 70%, 80%, whatever, of his story is getting up there. That's better than 0%. There's things to admire, things to be in awe at, things to enjoy, and it opens his work to a bigger audience and that's a plus. But I'll bet you he hopes all those viewers go on to read his books, and to enjoy his novel, the "real" version, better than the show.Does he demand absolute fidelity? No. Impossible. He knows it. Would he like fidelity wherever it were possible? I think the answer is yes. He's not going to throw a fit over it. As you say, a seasoned pro. But he knows when to pick his fights, and when to let sleeping dogs lie.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 12 May 2012 - 11:02 AM.
1757	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	As someone who, when I take the time to post in these sorts of threads, is often accused of being one of the more forceful anti-nitpickers, it seems like this thread affords a good opportunity to justify that position in a bit more detail.I still havenÂ´t seen anyone calling for a word-for-word translation of the books or anything close to that. So while your text has alot of truth to it, IÂ´m not sure if thereÂ´s anyone on these forums that it actually applies to.What I do see is people saying that theyÂ´ve really enjoyed alot of the changes that HBO has done, but that several of the changes done in episode 6 of season 2 didnÂ´t appeal to them for whatever reasons.I have personally enjoyed most of the changes done to the series, however I was unhappy with the majority of the changes done to this episode because they didnÂ´t seem to make sense and I felt that they really dumbed down and cheapened the episode. If HBO continues down that path, I will stop watching the series, not because I want a word-for-word adaptation but because the new HBO version of ASoIaF simply doesnÂ´t appeal to me.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 11 May 2012 - 06:48 PM.
							
								Don't over quote text if you can avoid it!
1758	SerMixalot	2012-05-11	Ummm with regards to Renly's character, show Renly has had relatively limited screentime, but it seems that the intent of book and show was to make him out to be a shallow douchenozzle upjumping to become king, ie. movitvated by loras's praise and lusty motivations, holding a tournament while marching to war.  A decent dialogue insulting his brother while eating a peach would have been perfectly in keepinlg with what GRRM wrote and what the viewer should expect.  His character went from something interesting with understandable motives, younger vain son, supported by ambitious powerful allies getting at his older stodgier brother to a boring one dimensional character, rather forgettable in the long run.  I mean, really, after watching this season I really had stake in his character, i didnt care if he lived or died, he was essentially background.  by enlivening him, making him more like book renly (which would have taken little change to the dialogue) he would have stood out (as a smaller version of Robert as copper to Robert's steel and Stannis' iron if you will)  change for change's sake that lessened the series' artistic appeal
1759	Lightning Lord	2012-05-11	I haven't seen anyone call for a word-for-word adaptation, but there have been people that have wanted something "95% from the source material" and that have changed their minds about a scene only after having someone else point out that it wasn't the same as the book.  Those people seem to be a minority, but they exist.
1760	Thunderfist	2012-05-11	I haven't seen anyone call for a word-for-word adaptation, but there have been people that have wanted something "95% from the source material" and that have changed their minds about a scene only after having someone else point out that it wasn't the same as the book.  Those people seem to be a minority, but they exist.Perhaps, but if someone wants 95% of the source material, they probably havenÂ´t really thought it through. First of all, wouldnÂ´t that cost 3-4 times as much / season?
1761	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-11	You know, I tend to be on the side of those who are willing to give adaptations the benefit of the doubt, but, if nothing else, I do enjoy the dialog between those who really rally for tight adherence to the source material and those who give more leeway. Really insightful stuff.
1762	Ser Greguh	2012-05-11	Ser Greguh,On the face of it, well-reasoned. Except, you know, the implication that the "purists" are only arguing from the position of "ZOMG" is rather beneath you. Just because some people do not discuss every nuance of why they're annoyed, when there's pages of nuanced discussion and critique already, doesn't mean their positions lack nuance. They just haven't expressed it -- or, just as possibly, you've chosen to just treat it all as "ZOMG".I don't treat it all as "ZOMG", but some of it very clearly is; I can address, and most likely respect, any argument (even if I disagree with) if it communicates why something is bad in the context of the show, a visual medium and an adaptation, but just as often the argument seems to be "It's different therefore it's bad, full stop," and that's a point-of-view that I have little patience for.Furthermore, there is some kind of arrogance in trying to "guarantee" to people that your hypothetical is some sort of unchallengable proof. Eh? No, no it isn't. You can, at best, guarantee your belief that it would be true. But you know that you don't actually know. You just believe that in the film in your head, it'd be "off". That's a belief, not a fact.I'm not saying I have access to any kind of unchallengable proof, but insofar as things are "opinion", well, kind of.  A lot of the suggestions / complaints deal with perspectives that, while they may not be "wrong" (insofar as nothing can be "wrong" in something as subjective as criticizing a work of art), at the very least constitute pretty big deviations from very well-accepted visual storytelling norms.  To take this to an extreme, I remember suggestions back before the show was ever greenlit that the best way to keep the POV structure would be to have each "chapter" told exclusively through the eyes of that character, with the camera literally representing their "eyes" (a suggestion only a true-blue purist could make not in jest).  Some things can be addressed reasonably, and some things are just ... no.  It wouldn't work.  Most suggestions aren't anywhere near that extreme, but they still show (imo) an ignorance of the nuances of visual storytelling that aren't present in prose, and thus don't really constitute reasonable ideas.And to get to specifics:Frankly, the fact that Joffrey himself comments on tears -- his brother's tears -- is enough to make you consider what it means that Myrcella is not crying. The tremulous lip, the rigid back, the stiff look -- without needing a word, you know. Doesn't need tears. Doesn't need much acting. Even the poorest actors can generally look stiff and rigid. A little bite of a lip -- perfect, the line of the mouth is now that of someone trying to control themselves.You know what that is? Subtlety. Letting you figure it out. You have a bit of prior knowledge of sweet Myrcella, babbling happily about dresses and weddings... and then you have stoic Myrcella, with a tremulous lip and a moist eye, and you can fit the pieces together, because you're clever and you've watched enough drama to figure it out. You can contrast that with Joffrey, and with Tommen. "Oh, Tommen's so sweet and gentle, but it looks like Myrcella has more spine, even though you can see she's about to cry too. Nothing like that ass, Joffrey!"Let me rephrase, because this is a point of communication disconnect.  It's negative space, and it's a basically a straightforward screenwriting blunder.  The intent may be to come across as subtle, but it basically never works; film audiences will never notice the absence of a something (in this case, Myrcella's tears) unless a character specifically comments on it.  The same is true for prose, except it's far less problematic, because the majority of prose is internal monologue, so a character noticing an absence of something is directly translatable to the reader.From a screen perspective, their choices are basically:1) Have Myrcella not cry, not point it out, appeasing the purists, but run the risk of viewers drawing an unconscious parallel between Myrcella and Joffrey (totally contrary to their intent), and rely on the audience to "get it" without the help of internal monologue2) Have Myrcella not cry, and point it out, running the risk of having a line appear clumsy and out-of-place, potentially ruining the flow of the sceneor 3) Just let her cry, reinforcing to the viewers (who, let's remember, are all-but overwhelmed with the character list and likely barely remember her name, even most of the smart ones) that she's a sweet girl who bottom-line misses her family.It's the simple choice, it makes perfect sense from the perspective of the story, it's far from an abandonment of her character (her crying here is not inconsistent with her developing a more mature stoicism later), and it's a tertiary character to begin with.We can argue back and forth, and I'm not saying that it's absolutely impossible to make another choice and have it work, just that the people saying "They're obviously just changing it without a reason" have no basis for that complaint.  All things considered this has been a very faithful adaptation, and they clearly know the books inside and out, so the chances of this being a change that was made "just because" are basically nil.  Similarly, the chances that they explored other possibilities and settled on this one for a specific reason I would say is pretty high.  Many of the accusations thrown D&D's way seem to me to be thinly-veiled base-level attacks regarding their overall attention to detail, which I think is way out of line.Also, I'll trust you only watched part of the Renly-Stannis scene, because his joking about the banners making it easier to tell their armies apart and, "Smoke and salt? Is a ham?" was perfectly fitting the character in the novel. The idea that Renly did not joke and taunt and grin his way through that confrontation on the show is very strange to me.C'mon man.  You really think I only watched half that scene?  Is that really the impression that I'm giving here?  He throws a barb at Melisandre, a stranger who's making pompous proclamations, and just because they've redone the character as a bit more serious, a bit more of a self-imagined reluctant (and ultimately) tragic hero, doesn't mean they've completely excised his ability to take the piss out of someone.  But as the negotiation starts for real, and it's Stannis (and Stannis only) that he's interacting with, the brotherly issues boil to the surface and the quips are discarded in favor of the anger toward his brother's stubborn refusal to accept that he's won the love of his subjects ("The men holding those banners will make me king") in a way that Stannis never will.  The ground for that animosity was laid in the hunting scene with Robert: more than someone who's just playing a game and in it for the lulz, Renly has been fairly subtly adjusted to someone who truly believes that things are fucked up, truly believes that he's a better solution than anyone else (in large part due to Loras's influence), and simply thinks that it's a foregone conclusion that his superior numbers will win the day.It's certainly not the only choice, but it's a choice, and it makes a lot of sense given the context in which they've established the character.  I think that if there were no such thing as the books, the series was an original work, and existed exactly as it has right up until that moment, if he'd just quipped and joked his way through the entire negotiation, the general reaction would be "Wha?  That's not Renly!  The same guy that bitterly admonished his brother for 'making the eight' is now just a glib little wise-ass!"(And, for the record, I much prefer Show!Renly to Book!Renly; never really did like Renly in the books, though I did like his line of "You may have the better claim, but I have the larger army")I would also suggest that you don't know how much of a purist George is. In fact, he's explicitly said that when he watches adaptations, he is very much a purist by nature. He wants to see things as close as he imagined. He knows adaptation is hard, he knows compromises must be made... but I'd bet you a dollar that if you asked him off the record if he wrote that departure scene, would he have had Myrcella crying or not, I'm pretty sure he would at least have said he'd have tried it without the tears. Can I guarantee it?Nope. Not in that line. But I know George pretty well, and I know what he's said about the show in public, and there he has said that there are choices the show makes that would not have been his own choices.Does he demand absolute fidelity? No. Impossible. He knows it. Would he like fidelity wherever it were possible? I think the answer is yes.I certainly concede that you know George far better than I do (I've never met him, in point of fact), and I'm not saying that his instinct isn't one of a purist, but at the same time, I've also seen that he's made comments on Not-A-Blog that would certainly support my side: admonishing (however gently) fans who get upset over the slightest deviations.  Obviously he's pragmatic with regard to issues of trimming things down for time/budget, but from what I saw of "The Pointy End" (a faithful, but not absolutely faithful, adaptation of that portion of the book), also has a fairly keen understanding of the differences between book mechanics and screen mechanics.  I don't know how he would have written the scenes we're debating, but I at least like to think his reaction to watching them was more nuanced than "they changed it!  This sucks!"
1763	Mad Queen	2012-05-11	We can argue back and forth, and I'm not saying that it's absolutely impossible to make another choice and have it work, just that the people saying "They're obviously just changing it without a reason" have no basis for that complaint.Fair enough. Maybe D and D didn't change anything without reason, but none of us know their reasons or even if there were any reasons. And neither they nor we, especially we, can say that an alternative shooting of some scene wouldn't have worked better without trying it first. You can speculate about why having Myrcella not cry wouldn't have worked and Ran has his own ideas about how to make that scene better, and we will never know who is right, because we haven't seen a shooting based on Ran's idea. We don't know if the writers ever gave the idea of having Myrcella not cry a chance and thought about how to make it work.But we can say, for sure, whether or not we liked the adaptation. Some people think that certain parts of the story were better in the books and when they were translated to the screen, they lost an element of plot or characterization that people enjoyed and/or considered important for their understanding of the story. You have listed some changes you didn't like yourself and if you decide to write at length about why you didn't like them, you have the right to do so without being treated like a book purist who hates deviations from the books for no reason.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Queen, 11 May 2012 - 09:02 PM.
1764	Ser Greguh	2012-05-11	Fair enough. Maybe D and D didn't change anything without reason, but none of us know their reasons or even if there were any reasons. And neither they nor we, especially we, can say that an alternative shooting of some scene wouldn't have worked better without trying it first. You can speculate about why having Myrcella not cry wouldn't have worked and Ran has his own ideas about how to make that scene better, and we will never know who is right, because we haven't seen a shooting based on Ran's idea. We don't know if the writers ever gave the idea of having Myrcella not cry a chance and thought about how to make it work.You're right in that I can only speculate as to what the reasons are that Myrcella cried, but I feel (and pretty strongly) that I can state with some certainty what those reasons weren't, and would say that they were definitely were not either of the following:1) David and Dan thought it'd be fun to fuck with the geeks at westeros.org by changing random stuff, or2) David and Dan (and the director, writers, and relevant crew) were actually unaware that Myrcella did not cry in the books.Yet it seems like so much of the criticism, even that which attempts to go beyond "They changed it so it sucks," only considers those two possibilities, when both are pretty much ridiculous.  Trust me, they know that Myrcella didn't cry in the books.  They made a choice.  That was a big scene; lots of extras, lots of costumes, location, children, and most notably, water (a notorious killer of movie sets; a golden rule of filmmaking is that every shot that involves water takes twice as long and costs twice as much as you think it will).  They had every last detail of the scene planned out.  There's just no way that's not the case.  Again, they made a choice.  There are potential reasons for that choice, some of which I've speculated upon, and some of which seem fairly evident from an adaptation standpoint, and this seemed to me to be a teachable example of a fairly clear situation where an adaptation is forced to simplify for the cohesion of the visual narrative.To someone that's not very familiar with how the sausage is made - with how that visual narrative has to be constructed by the filmmaker, from the ground up, in a way that makes sense from a literal and emotional standpoint - those changes might seem arbitrary.  They're not.(Another example I could go into some length on is the melee at Bitterbridge where Brienne fights Loras, and the decision to adjust it so that the crowd is as surprised as the viewer to learn that Brienne is a woman.  It's basically Reveal Shot 101 and is a consequence of losing the strict POV structure.  When we're not in Catelyn's head but are instead just observers, we need the gasp of the crowd to reinforce our surprise.  Just one of those things).Generally speaking, we seem (even the most overwhelmingly purist of us) pretty accepting of changes that are obviously due to scope/time/budget, fairly accepting of changes that are necessary to provide backstory, but much much less accepting of changes where it's clearly within the logistical scope of the production and not a particularly major change.  I think that's unfair, as the adaptation process involves a whole hell of a lot more than "Follow books unless x, y, or z."But we can say, for sure, whether or not we liked the adaptation. Some people think that certain parts of the story were better in the books and when they were translated to the screen, they lost an element of plot or characterization that people enjoyed and/or considered important for their understanding of the story. You have listed some changes you didn't like yourself and if you decide to write at length about why you didn't like them, you have the right to do so without being treated like a book purist who hates deviations from the books for no reason.Right, but I would argue that the reason I think I can list my little gripes without being treated like a book purist is precisely because my arguments are constructed with more complexity than "They changed it, so it sucks,"  And so are some (but not all) of the gripes of others, here and elsewhere, which gives them legitimacy, even if I or others disagree with them.  That at least can provide fruitful discussion.  But when someone just assumes that a change was made because, in effect, D&D hate us and probably kick little puppies for fun, too, I don't see that as a constructive attitude and have severe qualms about endorsing that as representative of responsible geekhood.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 11 May 2012 - 09:42 PM.
1765	Honey Badger	2012-05-11	I take the changes more in stride, and try to enjoy the show on its own.  The first time I watched season 1, I didn't like it.  It couldn't possibly hold up to the elaborate richness of the books, and there's no budget or shooting schedule in the world to really match it.  Which was the point.  GRRM specifically went to fantasy because there was no one telling him to consider the budget. 
The second time I watched the show, I enjoyed it.  This time I gave the show a fair shot to impress me, and not hold it to the impossible standards of the book.  I ended up really enjoying this HBO show.  There are still big problems with it, but I like it nonetheless.
1766	Mad Queen	2012-05-11	1) David and Dan thought it'd be fun to fuck with the geeks at westeros.org by changing random stuff, or2) David and Dan (and the director, writers, and relevant crew) were actually unaware that Myrcella did not cry in the books.I also think 1 is unlikely, 2 is unlikely for David and Dan, but not for all of the crew.Yet it seems like so much of the criticism, even that which attempts to go beyond "They changed it so it sucks," only considers those two possibilities, when both are pretty much ridiculous.Show me some evidence that somebody actually believes they change stuff just to fuck with us. We are their audience, we all know that.I might as well misrepresent your opinions and accuse you of being a "show purist" who cannot handle any criticism of the show and labels even the most valid ones as irrational nitpicking. How would you like that? Clearly not true, but you are not being fair with other people yourself.Trust me, they know that Myrcella didn't cry in the books.Why should I trust you? You don't know them. We can only speculate that they know.They made a choice.And maybe they made a poor choice. Or they made the best choice and the best choice still sucks compared to the books. To someone that's not very familiar with how the sausage is made - with how that visual narrative has to be constructed by the filmmaker, from the ground up, in a way that makes sense from a literal and emotional standpoint - those changes might seem arbitrary.  They're not.Are you very familiar with how the sausage is made? Have you worked for TV? Even if you have, and you have an intuition that a more faithful adaptation wouldn't have worked based on your experience, it is still valid to say that an important element from the book was lost in the adaptation. Whoever thinks they could do a better overall job than D and D is probably wrong, but that doesn't mean they couldn't do a better job with regard to a scene or two.Generally speaking, we seem (even the most overwhelmingly purist of us) pretty accepting of changes that are obviously due to scope/time/budget, fairly accepting of changes that are necessary to provide backstory, but much much less accepting of changes where it's clearly within the logistical scope of the production and not a particularly major change.I don't think so, there have been lots of people pointing out the lack of extras (especially at the tourney scenes in season 1 -- very noticeable), direwolves and dragons. This episode, though, was full of changes that weren't due to scope, time or budget. And this thread was created to discuss exactly these more puzzling changes.Right, but I would argue that the reason I think I can list my little gripes without being treated like a book purist is precisely because my arguments are constructed with more complexity than "They changed it, so it sucks,"So are almost everybody else's arguments. Please make a list of "They changed it, so it sucks" posts and I'll make a list ten times as long of posts with much more complex arguments.
1767	Zod	2012-05-12	The brilliant acting and writing for this episode has really made it the most exciting and interesting episode of this series by far.
The plot deviations and other minor changes are to expected of a TV adaptation based on a series of novels, and they were executed to near perfection.
Now, all the character feel much more real and deeper, and that made the show and the actions of the characters so much more believable.
1768	Chronicler	2012-05-12	Greatest disappointment for myself was that they cut the qartheen fashion of showing one boob out /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1769	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-12	If one looks at A Game of Thrones solely as a TV show, it's outstanding; rich and layered, with some lovely performances, an unusual and complex plot, some beautiful locations, etc.If one looks at A Game of Thrones as an adaption of GRRM's series, it is high drama in Season 1, and starting to unravel but still enjoyable on the whole in Season 2.  I look at it as both a TV show and an adaptation.  I'm glad to have the show on TV, and I appreciate the difficulties in translating this mega-series to the small screen with a comparatively low budget and limited time.  But it does seem to me that the producers and directors and writers are wasting some of that time and budget on scenes that do not serve the plot and/or are poorly written - such as the Robb/Talisa dialogue (why bring in a romantic interest that is totally unrecognizable as Jeyne Westerling?  And the dialogue is so cliched it's almost painful.  Nor do I see any chemistry between the actors), practically every scene Roz is in (they could have just kept Alayaya or Chataya and made her one of Littlefinger's prostitutes; no need to have her coming from the North and having been the favorite whore of Winterfell unless the writers have it in their minds to make Roz the fake-Arya bride of Bolton in the future - a possibility that is so bizarre and unbelievable that it just might be true, and then there's the sexposition, and the scene with Pycelle, which, while intriguing to Pycelle fans, has little importance to the story as a whole and could have been skipped in favor of an extra scene with Ned or Arya or Sansa or Jon or Tyrion etc...)I can swallow my slight annoyance about Myrcella's tears.  In the book, she was smiling, composed, brave.  I personally took that to mean that far from being sad about leaving home forever to marry in a rather different culture, the kid was delighted to part from a very dysfunctional family and go on what probably seemed like a great adventure.  She was probably more torn up about leaving Tommen than anyone else; in the book, her mother does not seem to take  much part in Myrcella's daily life.  As I said in an earlier post, they could have indicated Myrcella's bravery by having her say farewell with composure and grace, and then show her wiping a tear away on the boat or starting to cry while trying to continue to smile; and cut off two minutes of awkward Robb/Talisa interaction.  But in the greater scheme of Televising ASoIaF, Myrcella's tears don't bother me as much as the extremely diminished use of horses in the show - which affects the credibility of many of the scenes in my eyes - Joffrey is King of Westeros, grandson of the richest lord of Westeros, not to mention being an arrogant kid, and he walks through the streets of his capital rather than rides?  Ditto Cersei?  And let's not forget King Bob and his four hunting buddies afoot in the woods on the trail of the wild boar, which looked more like a modern gang of urban executives out for a hunting weekend than men used to fighting and hunting on horseback.  I fear that if they keep unraveling bits of the tapestry of ASoIaF by changing or omitting bits of people and places and atmosphere, then the TV show's directors and writers will eventually alter the wider scope of the tapestry.  Pull out enough of the threads, or change their colors, and the tapestry comes out different.  It's probably better just to approach the thing as a television show, pure and simple, and not even think of the books.  But that's hard for those who have actually read them.
1770	Chronicler	2012-05-13	If one looks at A Game of Thrones solely as a TV show, it's outstanding; rich and layered, with some lovely performances, an unusual and complex plot, some beautiful locations, etc.If one looks at A Game of Thrones as an adaption of GRRM's series, it is high drama in Season 1, and starting to unravel but still enjoyable on the whole in Season 2.  I look at it as both a TV show and an adaptation.  I'm glad to have the show on TV, and I appreciate the difficulties in translating this mega-series to the small screen with a comparatively low budget and limited time.  But it does seem to me that the producers and directors and writers are wasting some of that time and budget on scenes that do not serve the plot and/or are poorly written - such as the Robb/Talisa dialogue (why bring in a romantic interest that is totally unrecognizable as Jeyne Westerling?  And the dialogue is so cliched it's almost painful.  Nor do I see any chemistry between the actors), practically every scene Roz is in (they could have just kept Alayaya or Chataya and made her one of Littlefinger's prostitutes; no need to have her coming from the North and having been the favorite whore of Winterfell unless the writers have it in their minds to make Roz the fake-Arya bride of Bolton in the future - a possibility that is so bizarre and unbelievable that it just might be true, and then there's the sexposition, and the scene with Pycelle, which, while intriguing to Pycelle fans, has little importance to the story as a whole and could have been skipped in favor of an extra scene with Ned or Arya or Sansa or Jon or Tyrion etc...)I can swallow my slight annoyance about Myrcella's tears.  In the book, she was smiling, composed, brave.  I personally took that to mean that far from being sad about leaving home forever to marry in a rather different culture, the kid was delighted to part from a very dysfunctional family and go on what probably seemed like a great adventure.  She was probably more torn up about leaving Tommen than anyone else; in the book, her mother does not seem to take  much part in Myrcella's daily life.  As I said in an earlier post, they could have indicated Myrcella's bravery by having her say farewell with composure and grace, and then show her wiping a tear away on the boat or starting to cry while trying to continue to smile; and cut off two minutes of awkward Robb/Talisa interaction.  But in the greater scheme of Televising ASoIaF, Myrcella's tears don't bother me as much as the extremely diminished use of horses in the show - which affects the credibility of many of the scenes in my eyes - Joffrey is King of Westeros, grandson of the richest lord of Westeros, not to mention being an arrogant kid, and he walks through the streets of his capital rather than rides?  Ditto Cersei?  And let's not forget King Bob and his four hunting buddies afoot in the woods on the trail of the wild boar, which looked more like a modern gang of urban executives out for a hunting weekend than men used to fighting and hunting on horseback.  I fear that if they keep unraveling bits of the tapestry of ASoIaF by changing or omitting bits of people and places and atmosphere, then the TV show's directors and writers will eventually alter the wider scope of the tapestry.  Pull out enough of the threads, or change their colors, and the tapestry comes out different.  It's probably better just to approach the thing as a television show, pure and simple, and not even think of the books.  But that's hard for those who have actually read them.Obviously Joffrey being a great king wants to show his subjects that kings are just human beings after all.
1771	FantA´me	2012-05-13	I don`t understanding why so many are fussing about Cersei. First of all Cersei is not mad in the book either, at least not at this point; she is just an extremely vindictive, ambitious, cunning (and sometimes not cunning enough)  bitch. And loving when it comes to her children. I don`t think this is changed in the season 2, they just haven`t got the time for including the cuntiest scenes. They did however show a glimpse with her comment to Tyrion last episode, about taking away the ones he love.  I don`t feel a change in her character in the show, something it think will be increasingly showcased in the time to come		What about Robert's bastards? How is making Joffrey responsible for their murders and Cersei even looking uncomfortable about it not a big change in Cersei's character? She 's not crazy yet but she's certainly not just the genuinely worried mom she seems to be in the show.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 13 May 2012 - 06:29 AM.
1772	protar	2012-05-13	While I try to see the show and the books as two seperate entities, I do get annoyed when things are changed for virtually no good reason that I can see. I think that's important; to see the difference between changes that were necessary, and changes that really weren't and just stink of D+D being arrogant and think they can top GRRM.
Take Jaqen killing the Tickler and Ser Amory. Those are fairly big changes however they made sense. The crux of the matter is that Arya has Jaqen kill two mean Lannister soldiers. Seeing as we already have that with the Tickler and Amory, it would be pointless to introduce two more only to kill them off so quickly.
Then we have LF giving Cat the idea of freeing Jaime. No. Reason. For. This. Change. Whatsoever. Quite literally the only reason D+D could have for doing this is that they believe Cat's motivations in the book aren't good enough. So yes, they think they're better than Martin. And hell, why was LF in Renly's camp at that point anyway? I liked seeing the negotiations between LF and Margaery, but couldn't that have happened when it actually happened in the books. It would have given the Tyrells more screen time to build them up, it would have let D+D indulge in their LF fetish and it would've actually been true to the books.
I'm not a purists, I understand that changes have to be made. It's just when these changes are completely pointless that it irks me.
1773	boojam	2012-05-13	Adaptation is hard.  Seriously, amazingly, jaw-droppingly, soul-crushingly hard.  Harder than most non-writers could possibly imagine.  What seems to some like it should just be a simple 1:1 translation - take the words from the page, kill the unnecessary ones, and translate the rest to screenplay format - takes on a level of complexity that is difficult to imagine when you put it through the filter of what constitutes a good visual story.There is one thing.Suppose George had never written ASoIaF? This show was a pure teleplay creation?Good writing demands one obey the story's on internal logic.(Well does not matter if its a prose fiction novel or a film screenplay.)Now that is a hard thing to do , what is a good screenwriter for but to solve problems , make the plot flow with drama and logical drama?This show has been very good at that , mostly because of George's story and even some of his dialog, but some here and there sloppy teleplay writing will create some rough spots.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 13 May 2012 - 07:16 AM.
1774	Mr Fixit	2012-05-13	If one looks at A Game of Thrones solely as a TV show, it's outstanding; rich and layered, with some lovely performances, an unusual and complex plot, some beautiful locations, etc.If one looks at A Game of Thrones as an adaption of GRRM's series, it is high drama in Season 1, and starting to unravel but still enjoyable on the whole in Season 2.  I myself agree that the show, although very good, isn't perhaps on the same level as Season 1. It does have a certain jittery feeling to it, with scenes bouncing around at a fast clip.But, I believe at least part of the reason lies with the books themselves. Clash as a book is much more sprawled and unfocused compared to A Game of Thrones, and given the time limitations, there are bound to be some structural difficulties in making the show.Just take the location of the main characters as an example: in AGoT all, except for Dany start in Winterfell. After they all go their merry way, we still have 3 main locations (and storylines) where practically all the characters are located: the Wall, Essos, King's Landing (Ned, Arya, Sansa, LF, Varys, King and Queen...). Tyrion is partly with Jon, then with Cat. Bran is in Winterfell, but his story isn't all that important just yet.Compare that to ACoK: Wall, Essos, King's Landing, Robb's campaign in the west, Stannis and Renly, Theon on Pyke and Winterfell, Bran off doing his own thing with the Reeds, Arya in the Riverlands... There are, what, 7-8 concurrent storylines being played put, and what's more, none of these are all that connected for the time being (except Stannis/KL).Frankly, I don't see how D&D could make it even better (pacingwise at least) than the show already is without a significant increase in the number of episodes.
1775	protar	2012-05-13	I myself agree that the show, although very good, isn't perhaps on the same level as Season 1. It does have a certain jittery feeling to it, with scenes bouncing around at a fast clip.But, I believe at least part of the reason lies with the books themselves. Clash as a book is much more sprawled and unfocused compared to A Game of Thrones, and given the time limitations, there are bound to be some structural difficulties in making the show.Just take the location of the main characters as an example: in AGoT all, except for Dany start in Winterfell. After they all go their merry way, we still have 3 main locations (and storylines) where practically all the characters are located: the Wall, Essos, King's Landing (Ned, Arya, Sansa, LF, Varys, King and Queen...). Tyrion is partly with Jon, then with Cat. Bran is in Winterfell, but his story isn't all that important just yet.Compare that to ACoK: Wall, Essos, King's Landing, Robb's campaign in the west, Stannis and Renly, Theon on Pyke and Winterfell, Bran off doing his own thing with the Reeds, Arya in the Riverlands... There are, what, 7-8 concurrent storylines being played put, and what's more, none of these are all that connected for the time being (except Stannis/KL).Frankly, I don't see how D&D could make it even better (pacingwise at least) than the show already is without a significant increase in the number of episodes.Perhaps by not putting in scenes that aren't in the books that take up like half of the screen time.
1776	House Snow	2012-05-13	While I try to see the show and the books as two seperate entities, I do get annoyed when things are changed for virtually no good reason that I can see. I think that's important; to see the difference between changes that were necessary, and changes that really weren't and just stink of D+D being arrogant and think they can top GRRM.Then we have LF giving Cat the idea of freeing Jaime. No. Reason. For. This. Change. Whatsoever. Quite literally the only reason D+D could have for doing this is that they believe Cat's motivations in the book aren't good enough. So yes, they think they're better than Martin. And hell, why was LF in Renly's camp at that point anyway? I liked seeing the negotiations between LF and Margaery, but couldn't that have happened when it actually happened in the books. It would have given the Tyrells more screen time to build them up, it would have let D+D indulge in their LF fetish and it would've actually been true to the books.I'm not a purists, I understand that changes have to be made. It's just when these changes are completely pointless that it irks me.But Cats reason were terrible.  Quite a few people think that segment is the least believable part of the entire series.  I'm ecsctatic that they are trying to make it seem more rational.  There is a difference b/t irrational and what GGRM did which was not believable. under the circumstances.  Having LF egg her on provides for the upcoming scene to be be irrational but believable.  The truth is not everything George wrote was great.  Its not about ego.   Its about internal logic.
1777	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-13	If it makes you feel any better (major episode 7 spoilers),
	Spoiler according to the episode seven spoilers leaking around, Littlefinger's urging isn't the only reason Cat frees Jaime. He apparently does a few rather brutal things (Karstark demands his head after them), and she fears that he won't survive the night unless she gets him out of there.

					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 13 May 2012 - 11:42 AM.
1778	David Selig	2012-05-13	But Cats reason were terrible.  Quite a few people think that segment is the least believable part of the entire series.  I'm ecsctatic that they are trying to make it seem more rational.  There is a difference b/t irrational and what GGRM did which was not believable. under the circumstances.  Having LF egg her on provides for the upcoming scene to be be irrational but believable.  The truth is not everything George wrote was great.  Its not about ego.   Its about internal logic.I don't see much of a difference in the reasoning at all. In the books Cleon Frey reported to Cat that Tyrion swore he'd exchange Jamie for Arya and Sansa. In the show, LF was the one who reported such an offer to Cat. Given that in the show she's aware that LF betrayed Ned, it's actually less believable for her to trust this offer unless they've changed something significantly in the coming episodes.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 13 May 2012 - 11:49 AM.
1779	protar	2012-05-13	If it makes you feel any better (major episode 7 spoilers),
	Spoiler according to the episode seven spoilers leaking around, Littlefinger's urging isn't the only reason Cat frees Jaime. He apparently does a few rather brutal things (Karstark demands his head after them), and she fears that he won't survive the night unless she gets him out of there.
That doesn't make me feel better. Couldn't we just have Cat acting rash out of grief? I thought they were perfectly decent motivations in the books, and they'd be perfectly decent motivations in the show.
1780	dtones520	2012-05-13	That doesn't make me feel better. Couldn't we just have Cat acting rash out of grief? I thought they were perfectly decent motivations in the books, and they'd be perfectly decent motivations in the show.Jaime is getting freed by Cat, that is the major plot point. Which is going to happen. Whatever Cats motivations are don't really matter IMO.
1781	protar	2012-05-13	Jaime is getting freed by Cat, that is the major plot point. Which is going to happen. Whatever Cats motivations are don't really matter IMO.Do Cat's motivations matter for the story to pan out in a certain way? Not really. But do they change her character? Yes, yes they do. And that irks me: The fact that characters are having their personalities changed, even though it doesn't change the actual events. It's not the size of the changes that bother me, it's how neccessary they are. So a small change which was made for no reason would tend to annoy me more than a larger change made for a good reason.
1782	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-13	I think that's important; to see the difference between changes that were necessary, and changes that really weren't and just stink of D+D being arrogant and think they can top GRRM.But, why attribute such a nasty accusation? That D&D somehow consider themselves "better" than GRRM whenever a deviation is created on the show? I think the problem here is assuming that one can have the authority to decide which changes are necessary and which changes are not -- which story beats are vital and which aren't as necessary to the plot. Every fan would have a different opinion on that -- some believe the peach is an incredibly important component to Renly's character, while some do not.Was the peach omission something that hindered the story? Or, would the peach have just been a fun Easter egg for people who read the books? So, with that said, is a missing Easter egg indicative of bad adaptation? (For the record, I would've loved the peach to make an appearance)As long as we don't know the rationale behind a decision, we can't hope to guess it. If D&D do decide to shed light on certain choices they made, then we can pick their reasoning apart and decide whether it was necessary. To simply say that D&D made the change because they're trying to write a "better" story than GRRM isn't fair. For all we know, they're agonizing over the changes they've had to make as well.Writing anything can be a traumatic experience when you get to the editing process. I remember studying this issue during a Creative Writing course. The text we were using compared editing/revision to mass murder, and how -- as a writer -- one must be willing to commit mass murder in order to be successful. I can only imagine how much more traumatic it is when you have to take a great work such as ASoIaF and edit it into a 10 episode season.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 13 May 2012 - 01:16 PM.
1783	FantA´me	2012-05-13	But Cats reason were terrible.  Quite a few people think that segment is the least believable part of the entire series.  I'm ecsctatic that they are trying to make it seem more rational.  There is a difference b/t irrational and what GGRM did which was not believable. under the circumstances.  Having LF egg her on provides for the upcoming scene to be be irrational but believable.  The truth is not everything George wrote was great.  Its not about ego.   Its about internal logic.I don't see how Catelyn acting crazy ,stupidly, irrationally after losing her youngest sons and knowing her daughters were in the hands of the enemy and could suffer the same fate any time is unbelievable. And I agree with David Selig that adding Littlefinger to her reasons doesn't add any rationality to her reasoning.
1784	Mad Queen	2012-05-13	Do Cat's motivations matter for the story to pan out in a certain way? Not really. But do they change her character? Yes, yes they do. And that irks me: The fact that characters are having their personalities changed, even though it doesn't change the actual events.But what happened didn't change her personality or motivations, if she still does if out of grief after she learns Theon killed Bran and Rickon. Only this time Littlefinger assured her that Tyrion would do the exchange, and in the books it was Cleos Frey instead.
1785	protar	2012-05-13	But, why attribute such a nasty accusation? That D&D somehow consider themselves "better" than GRRM whenever a deviation is created on the show? I think the problem here is assuming that one can have the authority to decide which changes are necessary and which changes are not -- which story beats are vital and which aren't as necessary to the plot. Every fan would have a different opinion on that -- some believe the peach is an incredibly important component to Renly's character, while some do not.Was the peach omission something that hindered the story? Or, would the peach have just been a fun Easter egg for people who read the books? So, with that said, is a missing Easter egg indicative of bad adaptation? (For the record, I would've loved the peach to make an appearance)As long as we don't know the rationale behind a decision, we can't hope to guess it. If D&D do decide to shed light on certain choices they made, then we can pick their reasoning apart and decide whether it was necessary. To simply say that D&D made the change because they're trying to write a "better" story than GRRM isn't fair. For all we know, they're agonizing over the changes they've had to make as well.Writing anything can be a traumatic experience when you get to the editing process. I remember studying this issue during a Creative Writing course. The text we were using compared editing/revision to mass murder, and how -- as a writer -- one must be willing to commit mass murder in order to be successful. I can only imagine how much more traumatic it is when you have to take a great work such as ASoIaF and edit it into a 10 episode season.I don't mean to be disdainful towards D+D, I try to rationalise why they make certain changes and I understand that changes must be made. But sometimes there is just no good reason for some changes. Take the peach example. It doesn't detriment the adaptation that it wasn't there, but there was no reason for it's absence. The ham line that replaced it was funny, but the peach moment could've been made funny as well, but it would still of had a potential hidden meaning that the ham line didn't. Are they going to have Stannis saying: "I shall go to my grave thinking of Renly's ham." ?Or LF popping up everywhere. I can see why they did it. LF is hardly in COK, but that wouldn't work in the show due to actor contracts and the audience reaction to having such a major character dissapear for most of a season. So I can see why they wanted to give LF more screentime. But why have him pop up in scenes were he didn't in the books, or do things he didn't in the books? They could've just kept him at KL for a couple for episodes and then sent him to treat with the Tyrells when he did in the books. What was wrong with that?But what happened didn't change her personality or motivations, if she still does if out of grief after she learns Theon killed Bran and Rickon. Only this time Littlefinger assured her that Tyrion would do the exchange, and in the books it was Cleos Frey instead.Well that isn't really how I saw it when I was watching the show, but I guess I was just annoyed at the fact that LF was there in the first place /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. But if that is the case then sure it's not so bad, but it's still an unnecessary deviation. Why couldn't they just have Alton say it in the show? LF shouldn't have been there.
1786	Thunderfist	2012-05-13	But what happened didn't change her personality or motivations, if she still does if out of grief after she learns Theon killed Bran and Rickon. Only this time Littlefinger assured her that Tyrion would do the exchange, and in the books it was Cleos Frey instead.Although in the show, Cat knows that LF betrayed Ned. So when LF says "Hey, free Jaime and the girls will be home safe for sure", she has even less reason to trust him
1787	7V3N	2012-05-13	But Cats reason were terrible.  Quite a few people think that segment is the least believable part of the entire series.  I'm ecsctatic that they are trying to make it seem more rational.  There is a difference b/t irrational and what GGRM did which was not believable. under the circumstances.  Having LF egg her on provides for the upcoming scene to be be irrational but believable.  The truth is not everything George wrote was great.  Its not about ego.   Its about internal logic.Your sister's husband: murdered by bad guys; Your husband: murdered by bad guys; Your two youngest sons: murdered by bad guys; Your home where you used to feel safe: burned down by bad guys; Your two daughters: kept hostage by the same people who killed your husband.You don't see why she would take her only opportunity to see her daughters again. She had not seen them since they left Winterfell and all of this had happened. If Robb won as King in the North, would the Lannisters really let the Stark girls live? No. Jaime was the only way. It was an unfair trade, but Cat was always an emotional, family-oriented person. It makes perfect sense for her character and is completely understandable. Do people not agree to pay ridiculously large ransoms when their child is kidnapped? It is almost the same exact thing.
1788	Mr Fixit	2012-05-13	Perhaps by not putting in scenes that aren't in the books that take up like half of the screen time.And then someone says there's noone demanding 100% faithful adaptation. Yeah, we don't demand that, we just don't want scenes that aren't in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 13 May 2012 - 02:06 PM.
1789	7V3N	2012-05-13	And then someone says there's noone demanding 100% faithful adaptation. Yeah, we don't demand that, we just don't want scenes that aren't in the books.Exactly. I was fine last season when they just cut things that were not necessary and condensed other things. But I am not happy when it becomes a new story. Littlefinger is a completely different character, and Dany is quite different. I just want to see the characters GRRM created in the way he created them. I want to see his world on TV, not D&D's.
1790	protar	2012-05-13	And then someone says there's noone demanding 100% faithful adaptation. Yeah, we don't demand that, we just don't want scenes that aren't in the books.Perhaps you should look up the definition of hyperbole. I do not want or expect a 100% adaptation. I realise there are things that wouldn't work on screen even if they did in the books. But seriously. Are you actually defending Ros and her lesbian scenes? Or LF teleporting across westeros? Seriously, do not put words in my mouth.
1791	Mad Queen	2012-05-13	Well that isn't really how I saw it when I was watching the show, but I guess I was just annoyed at the fact that LF was there in the first place /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.I know, he's been everywhere this season and it annoys me as well.
1792	Mr Fixit	2012-05-13	Perhaps you should look up the definition of hyperbole. I do not want or expect a 100% adaptation. I realise there are things that wouldn't work on screen even if they did in the books. But seriously. Are you actually defending Ros and her lesbian scenes? Or LF teleporting across westeros? Seriously, do not put words in my mouth.No danger of me doing that, rest assured. As for LF, do explain how is it that he teleports around. If you look at the map, you'll see it's perfectly manageable. As for Ros, I couldn't care less about her *or* all the righteous indignation about her.
1793	protar	2012-05-13	No danger of me doing that, rest assured. As for LF, do explain how is it that he teleports around. If you look at the map, you'll see it's perfectly manageable. As for Ros, I couldn't care less about her *or* all the righteous indignation about her.Again hyperbole. If you'd actually read the other posts in this thread it's not really the fact that LF is traveling quickly, it's the fact that D+D are shoehorning him in to scenes were he should not be.
1794	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-13	I don't mean to be disdainful towards D+D, I try to rationalise why they make certain changes and I understand that changes must be made. But sometimes there is just no good reason for some changes. Take the peach example. It doesn't detriment the adaptation that it wasn't there, but there was no reason for it's absence. The ham line that replaced it was funny, but the peach moment could've been made funny as well, but it would still of had a potential hidden meaning that the ham line didn't. Are they going to have Stannis saying: "I shall go to my grave thinking of Renly's ham." ?Yes, but, then we have to consider the other side of this argument. Would it have killed them to fit a peach into the budget? Absolutely not. I'm sure there must have been a farmer's market around. However, now we ask ourselves, did the peach omission have a detrimental effect on the story? Did it need to be there or did we just want it there? I feel we must draw a line between the *needs* of adaptation vs. the *wants* of adaptation.I apologize if I'm belaboring this peach example. I'm using it for the sake of argument and as a stand-in for any number of other novel beats that are being edited out on the show.
1795	Mr Fixit	2012-05-13	Again hyperbole. If you'd actually read the other posts in this thread it's not really the fact that LF is traveling quickly, it's the fact that D+D are shoehorning him in to scenes were he should not be.Now we're onto something.As in, not in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 13 May 2012 - 03:40 PM.
1796	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	umm ok assume we forget that GRRM wrote a series of books
lets consider something for a second
why did the Master of coin for the lannister/baratheon king go to see King Renly the usurper?
to bring cat her husbands bones or so HBO would have us believe
ummm how did LF and the lannisters know she was there?
and ok lets now have LF go to see Tywin, ummm to make a snide remark that tywin dismisses
yes all so very very very important
1797	Mr Fixit	2012-05-13	and ok lets now have LF go to see Tywin, ummm to make a snide remark that tywin dismissesyes all so very very very importantWell, I thought that scene set the foundation for the entire season endgame. But maybe that's just me.And please don't say it was different in the books. Mighty please?
1798	protar	2012-05-14	Now we're onto something.As in, not in the books.I acept scenes not from the books, but only if they help in some way to convey the story that GRRM wrote. To use LF as an example:. Having scenes of LF negotiating with the Tyrells at Bitterbridge would have been a good example. We don't know what went down there so doubtless it wouldn't follow exactly what Martin had in mind. So something like the scene we already had but in its proper place were it makes sense (i.e no talking with Cat or Renly.).Having LF pop up in Harrenhal and spotting Arya is not a good example. What are they going to do with this? They can't do anything with it unless they drastically change the story beyond looking anything like ASOIAF..A good example is the Tickler's death. 100% not from the books but neccessary so they don't have to introduce Weese.See the differences?
					
					
							Edited by protar, 14 May 2012 - 02:03 AM.
1799	Mr Fixit	2012-05-14	Protar, it's obvious you don't understand what a deviation is. You accept scenes that might have happened, but that were off the page in the books, like LF and Tyrells or Cersei and Robert scene is Season 1. But that's not really a deviation, is it? It's only filling in the blanks, showing us, the viewers, somethings that may well have happend in the books themselves but that GRRM omitted to present because of the POV strucure.
It's just so silly to have a problem with a scene not because it's badly written or acted, or nonsensical in terms of plot, but just because a character "shouldn't have been there". What does that even mean?
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 14 May 2012 - 05:39 AM.
1800	Acetabularia	2012-05-14	Personally I have no problem with the dragons being taken, my problem with that scene is that Dany's little khalasar is butchered. It's probably just me, but I find Dany's character development very important (If I look back I am lost). I hope they didn't completely kill the Dothraki, just because they don't have as much of an impact on the story in Quarth.
1801	protar	2012-05-14	Protar, it's obvious you don't understand what a deviation is. You accept scenes that might have happened, but that were off the page in the books, like LF and Tyrells or Cersei and Robert scene is Season 1. But that's not really a deviation, is it? It's only filling in the blanks, showing us, the viewers, somethings that may well have happend in the books themselves but that GRRM omitted to present because of the POV strucure.It's just so silly to have a problem with a scene not because it's badly written or acted, or nonsensical in terms of plot, but just because a character "shouldn't have been there". What does that even mean?You're really testing my patience. Ok take the Theon scenes in this season. His shouting match with Balon, burning that letter to Robb, his baptism. None of those things happened in the books but they were great scenes and they translated the story better on to the screen. And Theon executing Rodrik was heartwrenching. That's definitely a deviation but it was a great scene and wouldn't have worked nearly as well if it was just some random peasant dying in the books. Or take Dany's arc in Qarth. It's certainly not what I'd have done, but something needed to happen with Dany in S2 aside from the HOTU and I respect that change.But that's my gripe. These deviations should be used aid the translation of the story onto the small screen. So stuff that compresses subtle character nuances that span hundreds of pages of the books into 1 or 2 scenes in the show. That's good. Or something to get the plot moving quickly because the subplot that facilitated an event in the books had to be cut. That's good. What isn't good is adding things in were they don't need to be added. Considering the fact that the story already has to be compressed into a limited space D+D certainly shouldn't be adding things.And what's worse, most of these things like LF noticing Arya, or Craster knocking out Jon are nothing more than cheap shocks. The producers seem to want to play about with the source material but they don't want to deviate completely, meaning that next scene when they try to shove things back on track we've just had our time wasted for something that wasn't even supenseful for book readers. They shouldn't be doing that.I'm not sure how I can make this any clearer to you so...
					
					
							Edited by protar, 14 May 2012 - 11:50 AM.
1802	Edmund Cardinal	2012-05-14	And what's worse, most of these things like LF noticing Arya, or Craster knocking out Jon are nothing more than cheap shocks. The producers seem to want to play about with the source material but they don't want to deviate completely, meaning that next scene when they try to shove things back on track we've just had our time wasted for something that wasn't even supenseful for book readers. They shouldn't be doing that.You're pointing the very thing that annoys me since the beginning of this season. Thanks a lot for that.On one hand things going to fast, on the other hand, pointless things being added.More than a waste of time, it really distorts the fragile and carefully built plot with flaws we were not used to in the characters' behaviour...
1803	Sir Achibald Carlstark	2012-05-15	I am OUTRAGED by the chop chop chopyness that hollywood has done with season 2. Theon wasnt cohersed into taking winterfell, he talked his uncle into attaching winterfell. The two boys he killed were the sons of a WOMAN theon used to have sex with in his youth not some old man with orphans on loan from Bran........And what of Jojen and his sister? they havent been introduced i hope Asha and Riccan dont end up being the other two that stay with bran.......Theres just so many incositancies already that lead to more incasitancys and plot holes. Why is Rob's relationship being trumped up so much? in the book it was only let on in his return that he had remarried....kind of a surpise for the reader and should be for the viewer but not now.......WHERE IS REEK!!!! aka ramsey bolten aka one of the mega villians of the series? He killed sir roddric!! not theon with 4 chops to the neck! Ramsey did......What about the two Fray boys big walder and little walder!?!? I dont care that they had to give danny something to do, to be honest i listend to all my books on tape and i slept through a couple chapters and only rember her emerginge from the houseo f the undyeing as it layed turned to flames.....but i know they didnt steal her dragons.....Like i said.....The more libertys they take with this book and these chapters the more holes and butchery they are going to have to come up with later.......Season 1.....Perfect.....i could not belive how right on they got the first season.....but this? its like they were nipping bits and peices to save time because they gave more time to stupid scenes.......i mean according to everyone else on this site everyone loves it.......which i definalty dont mind watching it but its like nails on the chalkboard when they mess something up that was crafted so beautifully like these stories....i just hope that they can save this series before its complete horse puckey
1804	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	Great thread.As others have said, changes can be great if they're useful and true to character.  I have a problem with them when they're not.Overall I see a watering down of a lot of characters, presumably to make them more acceptable to general viewing audiences or to make their behavior more understandable?  Leaving out Tyrion's participation in the rape of Tysha is one example.  LOTS of effort is being made to show a human side to Cersei and moral confusion in Theon up front, which I don't see as being true to either of their characters or the narrative as a whole.Referencing material from the next episode, I HATED the scene with Tyrion and Cersei where she's crying over the debacle Joff has become and feeling guilt and remorse over her twincest and Tyrion wants to console her.  THEY HATE EACH OTHER.  WOULD NEVER HAPPEN.  Well, Tyrion might have responded to humanity in Cersei if she ever showed any in the books, but Cersei hates/fears Tyrion because she believes he is the valonqar who will ruin her life.  Not to mention the fact that her pride would never allow her to admit fault to ANYONE, least of all Tyrion, at least at this point in the story.Theon, dude watched someone die then kicked his decapitated head and laughed at it- laughs at everything- moral confusion does not come into play for him until he offs the miller's kids, and doesn't really set in until he gets Reeked, iirc.  I really believe we're supposed to hate and despise him at this point, not understand and pity him.  It makes the whole Reek storyline much more powerful when we get there.The Tywin/Arya relationship....at first I was intrigued, but the more I think about it the more it bothers me.  Another watering down.  I like somebody's comment about his "heart of gold."  Not true to character for him to develop this fatherly relationship with a little girl he respects?  And you're telling me the brilliant Tywin doesn't put two and two together that this little highborn girl from the North trying to conceal her identity who's just about Arya's age....??  And please don't argue that he knows and is just keeping her close.  No way.  Too careful to take the risk of her getting away somehow.  Even if you can swallow that he wouldn't figure out who she was, at the VERY least he'd be doing everything in his power- and I mean every brutal thing cuz thanks to the Tysha episode we know he's cold as hell- to find out who the f*** this girl is so that he could use her in some way depending on which noble house she belonged to.  All that being said, I LOVED the "anyone can be killed" scene.  Perfectly shot, perfectly written, perfectly acted.The Reeds, we'll see.LF popping up everywhere makes me nervous....as do lots of "changes," because some of these things may not really be changes in the end.  Could be they're entirely accurate but just haven't yet been revealed in the books.  Remember GRRM has let D&D in on what's to come.  So everything I see that's different I wonder if I'm getting surprises in future books ruined for me... LF is a good example of this b/c he does disappear in the books for quite some time and we never know what he was up to; I find it completely conceivable and interesting to see him brokering the Tyrell marriage, and wonder if it wasn't there all along just not yet revealed.Robb/Talisa I agree that she's Jeyne in disguise and was pleased to see someone else who feels she's the source of the intelligence Arya nabs off Tywin's table.  This makes her far more complicit in Robb's downfall than she has seemed in the books.  Don't think it's true to character but it's definitely better than her being some random Volantene Clara Barton.  Clearly though, she's going to be won over by Robb's honorable nature and charisma and switch sides....but too late...I do wish we could stop being hit over the head with setup for Tyrion and Sansa's marriage....producers seem paranoid that the general population will be so enraged by it that they'll stop watching altogether, although if they've read some of these threads I can't say that's unrealistic.BEST inclusion has to be Rickon smashing up shit at the table next to Bran...I think this is another example of us being set up for things we haven't seen in the books yet.  I've had a feeling about the savage degree of Rickon's badassery for a long time and this gives me further support, cuz I don't see the point of its inclusion other than to foreshadow what he will become down the line.  He'll be smashing faces and heads before he's through....can't wait...
1805	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	I will have a tantrum if that awesome cowboy scene between Jon Snow and Qhorin Halfhand on the eve of his death doesn't happen.  One of the highlights of the entire story.
1806	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	They finally gave him something AWESOME to do!
I must admit to shedding a little man tear when he called Sansa "little bird".
I thought that whole scene near the docks was pretty chilling, what with the High Septon being literally torn to pieces and the Westeros Secret Service bloodying up their whites.
In particular though, I was genuinely caught up in the moment of Sansa's near rape. I kinda forgot everything from the book. I was thinking "Oh hell, who's going to save her? Dontos? The Hound? Where the fuck's the Hound!?"
Great, horrifying scene. Joffrey being bitch-slapped was just the icing on the cake.
I hope we see more of the kinda-nice-guy Hound from the books. I'm expecting him to talk to Sansa once more before his drunken advance amidst the Battle of the Blackwater.
1807	Pliny	2012-05-09	It has seemed to me that the show writers are emphasizing the future Tyrion/Sansa match. From the first episode where he makes a point to offer Sansa condolences, to his "rescue" of her from Joffrey's abuse, to his frantic concern for her well-being during the riot. Sure, perhaps he's just worried about keeping their sole Stark captive safe and unspoiled, but Dinklage is playing it suave, in my opinion. For a minute I thought the show writers were going to change and have Tyrion rescue Sansa from the mob. What a riot there would have been amongst San/San devotees!
In the books I got the impression that Martin wanted us to think Tyrion really was coming around to Sansa, but then in ADWD, he was a sloppy drunk only concerned with "where whores go." To me, it was disappointing and tiresome.
Edit: I meant to say at first that I did think the Hound's rescue was thrilling, and that he seemed very cool with the "little bird" and "I didn't do it for you" business.
					
					
							Edited by Pliny, 09 May 2012 - 03:18 PM.
1808	Lyeder	2012-05-09	In the books I got the impression that Martin wanted us to think Tyrion really was coming around to Sansa, but then in ADWD, he was a sloppy drunk only concerned with "where whores go." To me, it was disappointing and tiresome.Oh, he surely was, but she is no longer there and maybe like for the hound, Sansa had a redempting effect on Tyrion.
1809	Geert	2012-05-09	I liked it. They finally gave Sandor something to do rather then just look dangerous and menacing.
1810	Marcus Cicero	2012-05-09	I would've liked it more if I could appreciate the actor, but his voice just falls flat for me. Not menacing or tormented enough. Also, because they hadn't done the proper explanation of why he calls her 'little bird,' it felt meaningless when used in this episode.
1811	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-09	I would've liked it more if I could appreciate the actor, but his voice just falls flat for me. Not menacing or tormented enough. Also, because they hadn't done the proper explanation of why he calls her 'little bird,' it felt meaningless when used in this episode.I like his voice. Sounds polite, even chivalrous. Which is of course massively ironic given how his brother is a brute of a knight and he himself is not a "sir".I think we're going to see more San/San scenes next week and in future episodes. Perhaps sooner or later we'll hear Sansa ask "why do you call me "little bird?" If not, perhaps they've lessened the metaphor; Sandor tells her handmaidens to take her "back to her cage" so maybe that will be the reason why he calls her that.
1812	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	San/San scene was endearing, though I was wondering if Tyrion would send Shagga to rescue Sansa and feed the rapists' balls to goats /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1813	Dornish Hen	2012-05-09	I always hope to see more of The Hound.  /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
I loved how he savagely kills the men, and then in his own Houndy way, turns to Sansa and comforts her.  I knew it was coming, but I still shouted out loud when he showed up.
1814	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-09	The Hound was a medieval Darth Vader in that scene!
I loved the way he lifted the first guy clean off the ground!
1815	House Snow	2012-05-09	By the end of the season there will probably have been quite a bit of san-san as there will be a scene next episode and the song scene in blackwater.  I think the writers have made a pretty concious effort to put scenes in blocks so that they flow better.  Its why I think we had littlefinger giving that speech at the tourny, or only hearing Stannis described as a lobster in season 1, and why we will probably get Ramsey after just a mention of the dreadfort (and maybe the reeds) next season.  It just makes for a tighter story.
1816	Dornish Hen	2012-05-09	The Hound was a medieval Darth Vader in that scene!I loved the way he lifted the first guy clean off the ground!And ripped his guts out!  He hated that guy's guts.
1817	SerMixalot	2012-05-09	ummm wont the writers have a problem with Sansa next season since they havent established the link to Ser Dontos yet
1818	Dornish Hen	2012-05-09	ummm wont the writers have a problem with Sansa next season since they havent established the link to Ser Dontos yetI'm not sure the writers HAVE to establish the link until they announce Joff and Margary's wedding.  Then they can have Ser Dontos give Sansa the time and place for the get away. She could be praying in the Godswood and Ser Dontos pops up, even if its only once.  It would only take a scene or maybe two to give them a connection.
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Hen, 09 May 2012 - 05:35 PM.
1819	Envie	2012-05-09	I really loved this scene and am so glad they have added it in light of so many others dropped from the story. The San/San theme is very poignant in a "love that can never be" kind of way. It's also the growing up point for Sansa, who learns that not all knights are beautiful and honorable as she's fantasized about growing up. She's already gotten a good taste of exactly now nasty kings can be from Joffrey so now she is learning that even the ugly deformed and surly hound has a chivalrous side. The symbolism is so perfect for the series as well as the books. Nothing is as it seems and no one is all good or all bad.
1820	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	That near rape scene... ugh had me pulling my hair out in distress. I knew the hound was going to save her but man it was close. Very well done in my opinion. It's not often that i find myself cheering with joy when defenseless people are literally ripped open and slashed to pieces but I was dancing with joy. I'm pretty sure I scared by dog with my outburst...
1821	tfoxx22	2012-05-09	I really like the hound in the series so far, including his limited appearances in the first season and hope for more in the episodes to come!
This scene was great and showed the Hound's brute strength for the first time. Although he just killed a few peasants, i thought it was pretty impressive and showed that the hound isn't one to mess with.
1822	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-09	I really like the hound in the series so far, including his limited appearances in the first season and hope for more in the episodes to come!This scene was great and showed the Hound's brute strength for the first time. Although he just killed a few peasants, i thought it was pretty impressive and showed that the hound isn't one to mess with.Hah, yes, his killing felt almost mechanised. Pulling the blades with such precision and finesse and despatching the attackers with minimal fuss.From the pre-season trailers, I think we're going to see something of a barbaric Hound in the Battle of Blackwater. Less finesse, more brute force and violence. I can't wait.
1823	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	Should be epic. I wonder if they are going to have Peter Dinklage Sally forth to defend the city once the hound snaps...
1824	tfoxx22	2012-05-09	From the pre-season trailers, I think we're going to see something of a barbaric Hound in the Battle of Blackwater. Less finesse, more brute force and violence. I can't wait.Should be fun to watch!
1825	Liathano	2012-05-09	Yeah, I was stoked about the "little bird" reference, but felt like it fell flat 1. because he said it so quietly, and 2. because it was thrown in with no backstory. ah well ^__^ 
Also, what happened to the halfwit girl who was gangbanged (for wont of a better term).
1826	scurvy	2012-05-09	I hope Sansa says "Thank you Ser for saving me" in an upcoming scene and he says "Bugger on your Ser" and explains the Knight BS and how it's not all songs and glory.  It's death and worse and tells the story of his burning, making the Littlefinger scene at the Hand's Tourney that much more annoying.
1827	Envie	2012-05-09	Yeah, I was stoked about the "little bird" reference, but felt like it fell flat 1. because he said it so quietly, and 2. because it was thrown in with no backstory. ah well ^__^Also, what happened to the halfwit girl who was gangbanged (for wont of a better term).That half-wit was Lollys Stokeworth http://awoiaf.wester...llys_Stokeworth and if you remember - Bronn ends up marrying her to become a Lord. They've taken a different turn with Bronn's story so I'm thinking Lollys may never make an appearance since her one biggest plot contribution at this point was the rape scene where she was unfortunately impregnated by one of the city scum who raped her.
1828	Caro99	2012-05-09	It was a beautiful episode for me due to sansa & the hound! of course, it was horrible to watch sansa almost being raped, but sandor was perfect and managed to find her before the worse happened. and he finally called her LB twice, besides the "LB is bleeding, someone take her back to her cage and see to that cut" bit.. i loved it and i am realllllly looking forward to next week's episode. rory & sophie can really do some wonderful acting!
i also think dontos may finally re-appear until the 10th episode. apparently he was in some of the scenes in episode 4 when sansa was being beaten in the throne room, but he was mostly cut out of them..
& i agree that the show is hinting greatly to the future tyrion/sansa marriage, which i don't like that much. i love tyrion and peter dinklage, but the hound is my favorite... thank the gods they had tyrion in this episode stating a reason why they need to keep sansa safe (jaime) or it would've all come out wrong if he was hanging around after he was back safely in the castle waiting to see if sansa came back,, i suppose that it is due to the marriage between them next season that we are also getting the whole sansa/shae situation, so it can build up tension between these two, and tyrion as well i guess..
1829	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-09	I was in awe of this scene!
I was really petrified for Sansa.
And amazed by the Hound taking care of business.
Sowed the seeds of SanSan for all of us!
					
					
							Edited by Gurney Halleck, 09 May 2012 - 11:33 PM.
1830	Lightning Lord	2012-05-09	I liked the Hound's brutal efficiency.  It was damn-near perfect.  I also liked the casual way he threw Sansa over his shoulder and carried her off, no ceremonious/clichA©d sweeping into his arms.  I didn't like him picking a guy up by the throat with one hand.  It doesn't look plausible when 'roided-up modern professional wrestlers try it, it doesn't look plausible when medieval folk, even abnormally large ones, try it.
1831	Terminated	2012-05-10	Admit it: for a second I'm sure you all though she would actually be raped.  All non-readers believed it.  That's why diverting from the books is so great for those who know the story in and out.
1832	Envie	2012-05-10	Admit it: for a second I'm sure you all though she would actually be raped.  All non-readers believed it.  That's why diverting from the books is so great for those who know the story in and out.No, I honestly did not believe she would be raped. I knew Clegane saved her in the books and I was pretty sure the scene was a setup for that, just done a bit differently. If they had gone ahead and had her raped, I would have honestly been really shocked. I don't mind a lot of the story changes they've made so far, but that would have been a bit too far out of bounds in my opinion considering the overall direction Sansa's story goes from here on out.I will admit the scene had me on the edge of my seat the entire time, biting my nails - and that's even knowing how it goes!
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 10 May 2012 - 03:52 AM.
1833	Envie	2012-05-10	double post - sorry.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 10 May 2012 - 03:51 AM.
1834	StarkWard	2012-05-10	It has seemed to me that the show writers are emphasizing the future Tyrion/Sansa match. From the first episode where he makes a point to offer Sansa condolences, to his "rescue" of her from Joffrey's abuse, to his frantic concern for her well-being during the riot. Sure, perhaps he's just worried about keeping their sole Stark captive safe and unspoiled, but Dinklage is playing it suave, in my opinion. For a minute I thought the show writers were going to change and have Tyrion rescue Sansa from the mob. What a riot there would have been amongst San/San devotees!In the books I got the impression that Martin wanted us to think Tyrion really was coming around to Sansa, but then in ADWD, he was a sloppy drunk only concerned with "where whores go." To me, it was disappointing and tiresome.Edit: I meant to say at first that I did think the Hound's rescue was thrilling, and that he seemed very cool with the "little bird" and "I didn't do it for you" business.^ This.Everytime Tyrion mentioned anything about Sansa, I'm reminded of their impending "union". Perhaps, to make viewers think he is really concerned for her? Anyway as to the Hound, horray for that! It's different from his manic, slash-happy way of killing in the books, but honestly, I prefer him sound and serious.
1835	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-10	Aside from the first would-be rapist's sketchy death (face it, that looked tacky), that was a brilliant scene.
1836	BigBucket	2012-05-10	I didn't like him picking a guy up by the throat with one hand.  It doesn't look plausible when 'roided-up modern professional wrestlers try it, it doesn't look plausible when medieval folk, even abnormally large ones, try it.I've seen my old man lift someone one-handed by the throat. Its not a superhero move.
1837	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-10	I've seen my old man lift someone one-handed by the throat. Its not a superhero move.The Hound can do as he likes;And this is Rory McCann.This is TV.
1838	BigBucket	2012-05-10	The Hound can do as he likes;And this is Rory McCann.This is TV.Haha, its just surprising it took one whole hand.
1839	TheWrongKindOfSnow	2012-05-10	I was surprised Tyrion saw Joffery's reaction (ordering the crowd killed after being hit by a mud pie) as particularly evil/mad, considering the standards he's judging by. Wouldn't most kings and other people of importance have a sense of their own superiority high enough to be affronted by the insult? It seemed they'd not been particularly smart regarding the security of the Lannisters and Sansa in the first place (the books had them mounted with mounted gaurds for the riot, didn't it?).
I don't know that Tyrion's concern about Sansa implies he's falling for her in preparation for the later marriage: the whole theme of the marriage is that Tyrion doesn't feel that way about Sansa - he sees her as an innocent child, and as the victim of his family's schemes, which also explain his concern for her in this scene. Pity that the Hound and Tyrion can't bond over their mutual weakness for Sansa - you'd think both of them could use someone extra on his side. I wonder what Joffery would have thought of the Hound's heroic rescue (btw. did it strike anyone else that his concern for Sansa was kind of undermined by his rather rough way of carrying her to safety? I guess that's part of his nature though). I was also wondering why the Hound puts up with Joffery speaking to him the way he does.
1840	GoodGuyA	2012-05-10	It's death and worse and tells the story of his burning, making the Littlefinger scene at the Hand's Tourney that much more annoying. I think it'd be interesting, as a shout out to book fans, if he was beginning to tell the story and Sansa said "Yes, I know" to which Sandor would reply "What?". Would be a nice way to sneak a bit of across the board comedy in!
1841	Lightning Lord	2012-05-10	I've seen my old man lift someone one-handed by the throat. Its not a superhero move.You've seen your old man lift a guy up, hold him at arm's length for a bit, use his free hand to perform some other task (probably not gutting a person) in front of his body, and then drop the person?  BS.Yes, it's TV.  Yes, it's fantasy.  Yes, the Hound is very strong.  But he's just a large man in a medieval setting, with no magic powers or potions of strength.  It's okay to let him be badass within the bounds of physics.
1842	Kittykatknits	2012-05-10	It has seemed to me that the show writers are emphasizing the future Tyrion/Sansa match. From the first episode where he makes a point to offer Sansa condolences, to his "rescue" of her from Joffrey's abuse, to his frantic concern for her well-being during the riot. Sure, perhaps he's just worried about keeping their sole Stark captive safe and unspoiled, but Dinklage is playing it suave, in my opinion. For a minute I thought the show writers were going to change and have Tyrion rescue Sansa from the mob. What a riot there would have been amongst San/San devotees!In the books I got the impression that Martin wanted us to think Tyrion really was coming around to Sansa, but then in ADWD, he was a sloppy drunk only concerned with "where whores go." To me, it was disappointing and tiresome.I completely agree. In the books he offers condolences and stops the beating. But, during the riot, it takes him a moment to even notice she was missing. I'm OK with the condolence scene. I was rather frustrated about the beating since that was a significant moment in Sansa's arc in that book but instead we were treated to yet another scene where Tyrion got to be the hero. During the riot, he asked where Sansa was then once they returned to the keep, he asks about her again. Then, for good measure, he rushes in to play the hero when Sandor brings her back.After reading Feast, it's very apparent that Sandor had a much larger impact on Sansa yet they have chosen to emphasize Tyrion this season instead and I could not say why.As for the books, I disagree that he was coming around to Sansa the individual. I think he was growing increasingly unhappy over their marriage while still (futily) hoping there was someway he could get what he wanted out of it. During his POV chapter during the Purple Wedding, he has a couple bitter thoughts over Sansa and completely misunderstands some of her actions, showing just how little he knows her.Reading both Feast and Dance, they hardly think of the other. Compare that to how many times Sansa thinks of Sandor during this same timeframe. Huge difference.Dinklage is turning in a great performance but I've come to the conclusion that there can be too much of a good thing.Yeah, I was stoked about the "little bird" reference, but felt like it fell flat 1. because he said it so quietly, and 2. because it was thrown in with no backstory. ah well ^__^Also, what happened to the halfwit girl who was gangbanged (for wont of a better term).A friend of mine thought he was saying little baby instead of little bird.And also, the term you are looking for is gang rape.Yes, it's TV.  Yes, it's fantasy.  Yes, the Hound is very strong.  But he's just a large man in a medieval setting, with no magic powers or potions of strength.  It's okay to let him be badass within the bounds of physics.The Hound pisses on your physics.
1843	Pellaeon	2012-05-10	I completely agree. In the books he offers condolences and stops the beating. But, during the riot, it takes him a moment to even notice she was missing. I'm OK with the condolence scene. I was rather frustrated about the beating since that was a significant moment in Sansa's arc in that book but instead we were treated to yet another scene where Tyrion got to be the hero. During the riot, he asked where Sansa was then once they returned to the keep, he asks about her again. Then, for good measure, he rushes in to play the hero when Sandor brings her back.After reading Feast, it's very apparent that Sandor had a much larger impact on Sansa yet they have chosen to emphasize Tyrion this season instead and I could not say why.Its seem hey want to make Tyrion to the new major character of the series, but they would lose what they build up of viewer love if they but him in a  marriage situation like in the books, if he seems to don't care for his wife he would be see as an a**hole and D&D try to avoid that in my oppinon.I'm not a SanSan supporter but the scene was amazing, the hound remindes me of the Terminator, good acting
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 10 May 2012 - 05:00 PM.
1844	boojam	2012-05-10	I was in awe of this scene!I was really petrified for Sansa.And amazed by the Hound taking care of business.Sowed the seeds of SanSan for all of us!I am about finished with my re-read of ASoS. Just read the tavern fight. Arya's relation to the Dog, and the Dog's relation to Arya ... it's just a gem!(Heck the fight is one of the best things George wrote for the series.)It says so much about the Hound's relation to the Stark ladies.I really hope Sandor is not dead, George could get some exquisite mileage out the relation with the Stark girls.Lord only knows.
1845	Kittykatknits	2012-05-10	Its seem hey want to make Tyrion to the new major character of the series, but they would lose what they build up of viewer love if they but him in a  marriage situation like in the books, if he seems to don't care for his wife he would be see as an a**hole and D&D try to avoid that in my oppinon.I'm not a SanSan supporter but the scene was amazing, the hound remindes me of the Terminator, good actingI think you are right about making Tyrion the new major character of the series. If they decide to change how the marriage looks, it may make Tyrion look better but it would do disservice to Sansa's character. However, they have been doing precisely that this season so I will not be that surprised if it happens. I will disappointed that D&D think so little of Sansa.Being a SanSan supporter has nothing to do with recognizing the influence he has had on her life or enjoying the scene.And yeah, he went full terminator during the rescue. I enjoyed watching it and hope to see more in coming episodes.
1846	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-10	Give it time on D&D's interpretation on Sansa. At this point in the book, Sansa was still hoping that Dontos would be her hero. Still living in a fantasy world.
I still think we'll see her grow in the show. Clegane's drunken advance during the Battle of Blackwater will all be a part of her learning the lesson that there's no such thing as heroes etc.
I hope we hear her sing to him. Forgot about that. The show needs more music. That and the "The Rains of Castamere" in season 3 and I'd be happy.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 10 May 2012 - 06:54 PM.
1847	Kittykatknits	2012-05-10	Give it time on D&D's interpretation on Sansa. At this point in the book, Sansa was still hoping that Dontos would be her hero. Still living in a fantasy world.I still think we'll see her grow in the show. Clegane's drunken advance during the Battle of Blackwater will all be a part of her learning the lesson that there's no such thing as heroes etc.I hope we hear her sing to him. Forgot about that. The show needs more music. That and the "The Rains of Castamere" in season 3 and I'd be happy.The song is in. D&D confirmed in an interview that Sophie was more afraid of singing a song during one particular scene that she was of the near-rape. That's a pretty good clue that the song is in.We don't know what D&D will do, I'm sure there will be character development. During the beating in the throne room, the books showed her worry over the what will beforehand as well as the process of her mentally preparing herself for what she knew was likely to come. Instead in the book, she gets two sentences of pleading. Then, cue the dramatic music. Tyrion enters and slowly walks all the way down the room with the camera on him. The camera is on him again for the majority of his exchange with Joffrey, there is a brief pause when Sandor puts the cloak on Sansa. The camera returns to Tyrion when he reaches his arm out to her before we see a shot of her face. On the way out, it's him talking, a brief flash of her face as she walks out stating that she is loyal to Joffrey. He then admires her with the Lady Stark comment. Again, Tyrion is the hero. In the books, he was completely clueless about what she was doing. Sandor was the one that got it.Later during the riot scene, we saw Sansa also noticing the tension with the mob. She talks to Joffrey and is able to influence him to throw coins to the people. Great opportunity to show that she is observant and compassionate. It also reminds me when she thinks to herself that if she is ever queen she would make the people love her.Instead, she has solely been a victim this season. Much of her characterization is just gone. Sansa is my favorite character in the series, as may be obvious, so it's been frustrating at times.
1848	Pliny	2012-05-10	[...]Instead, she has solely been a victim this season. Much of her characterization is just gone. Sansa is my favorite character in the series, as may be obvious, so it's been frustrating at times.Just another perspective: my husband is only about halfway through the first book, but he's really admired Sansa this season. He thinks she's really interesting as a character, whereas in the first season I think he thought she was just a silly girl. I suppose those who've read, and especially those who are "Sansa fans," really notice when things are missing concerning a character or exchange, but what D&D are doing seems to be getting the point across.
1849	FloredaA	2012-05-11	. The show needs more music. That and the "The Rains of Castamere" in season 3 and I'd be happy.Sadly three of the main attractions of the books have be sorely missed : brightly coloured costumes, food and songs.I believe the dinner Tyrion gave to Janos Slynt was the only one so far. The riot would have been much believable if the nobles were shown eating from time to time, while the people were starving. On the contrary, they seem to be very frugal and substisting on wine alone while the streets were shown full of merchants selling eels and apples.  And I can't imagine going on much longer without hearing "A bear, a bear!" Hopefully the PW will have music and food (77 servings ?)
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA, 11 May 2012 - 03:46 AM.
1850	Rollo Tomasi	2012-05-11	Yeah, I was stoked about the "little bird" reference, but felt like it fell flat 1. because he said it so quietly, and 2. because it was thrown in with no backstory. ah well ^__^Also, what happened to the halfwit girl who was gangbanged (for wont of a better term).I liked the little bird reference as well.From the moment the near rape (Sansa) began I knew who was going to step in (I have read four of the books). Lollys (the gang raped girl) has been written out of the series thus far. She only served two very small purposes in the book anyway.
1851	boojam	2012-05-11	And I can't imagine going on much longer without hearing "A bear, a bear!" Hopefully the PW will have music and food (77 servings ?)...."All black and brown, and covered with hair!".....Maybe they will sing it 77 times taking up 45 min. of that episode. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1852	Kittykatknits	2012-05-11	Just another perspective: my husband is only about halfway through the first book, but he's really admired Sansa this season. He thinks she's really interesting as a character, whereas in the first season I think he thought she was just a silly girl. I suppose those who've read, and especially those who are "Sansa fans," really notice when things are missing concerning a character or exchange, but what D&D are doing seems to be getting the point across.Good to know. I know many in RL who are just watching the show, majority opinion is that she's the young brat turned abuse victim. D&D are getting points across, but there are very big elements of her personality that are lost.
1853	WinterWarrior	2012-05-11	I loved the San/San scene and hope there are more. I like the idea of the two of them ending up together. I think he is sexy.
I really liked the way he so calmly saved her, the ripped guts hanging down, and the fact that he just unemotionally and efficiently saved her and carried her away. Awesome!
The Hound is one of my favorite characters and I am pleased ot see the HBO series including the San/San story.
1854	Nefa	2012-05-15	Did they change Sandor's make up around his eyes somehow? In this episode he finally looks as hard as he seems in the books. Before he always bothered me because I thought he had these sad basset hound eyes.
1855	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-15	I just can't wait for Blackwater Bay. I love all of the Sandor/Sansa scenes, although they slightly 'lessened' it or something. As some of you say, I think the producers are moving towards the wedding of Sansa and Tyrion. I just hope that they will make her more.. as in the books. Smarter, learning. 
And I hope she kills Littlefinger somehow, in the sixth or seventh book. Preferably by chopping of his head sonofabitch.
1856	crispygurl	2012-05-16	I feel like Sansa and Sandor's relationship (not in a shipping sense) should be more vital and emphasized in season 2, but they've barely shed any light on it. Just so disappointing to me since I want to see Sophie's acting chops for this storyline. They're barely paying any attention to her, and Sansa's life is like a living hell in the second book, between Joffery and Cersei's cruelties and the Hound mocking her. It's just irritating.
1857	Rapsie	2012-05-16	Her compassion, observational skills and isolation have all been ditched this season. Instead we just get an abuse victim. There are lots of great parts of her character, like trying to get Joff to throw coins to the Mob and the way she defending Tommen crying, that have either not been included or terribly botched so that instead of compassionate, she comes off as bratty.
1858	Kittykatknits	2012-05-16	Her compassion, observational skills and isolation have all been ditched this season. Instead we just get an abuse victim. There are lots of great parts of her character, like trying to get Joff to throw coins to the Mob and the way she defending Tommen crying, that have either not been included or terribly botched so that instead of compassionate, she comes off as bratty.I agree. I would also add that Sansa was the intellectual in the family, she is the one that would know the history of Aegon and have knowledge of houses, sigils, etc. Instead, all that knowledge has been given to Arya who had that delightful line about most girls being stupid. It seemed like a direct dig at Sansa's charcter which has already been butchered enough.Here, I have summarized every single Sansa scene this season.1. Enter Sansa2. Have her receive emotional/phyiscal/sexual abuse3. Sansa cries or begs4. Sansa exitsDid I miss anything?
1859	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-16	I agree. I would also add that Sansa was the intellectual in the family, she is the one that would know the history of Aegon and have knowledge of houses, sigils, etc. Instead, all that knowledge has been given to Arya who had that delightful line about most girls being stupid. It seemed like a direct dig at Sansa's charcter which has already been butchered enough.Here, I have summarized every single Sansa scene this season.1. Enter Sansa2. Have her receive emotional/phyiscal/sexual abuse3. Sansa cries or begs4. Sansa exitsDid I miss anything?Nope, you didn't. Sadly enough.
1860	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-16	Oh wait, we'r getting Blackwater. How could I forget? ;D
1861	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-16	Here, I have summarized every single Sansa scene this season.1. Enter Sansa2. Have her receive emotional/phyiscal/sexual abuse3. Sansa cries or begs4. Sansa exitsDid I miss anything?As sadly accurate as that is, it could be worse. She hasn't bludgeoned her cousin Robert Arynn to death with a rock yet...
1862	Kittykatknits	2012-05-16	Nope, you didn't. Sadly enough.As sadly accurate as that is, it could be worse. She hasn't bludgeoned her cousin Robert Arynn to death with a rock yet...Not sure if I should be proud of my powers of observation or depressed that others agree with me.Oh, and she kills her cousin in next weeks episode. They hinted at that in the teaser for that episode. It's right before they showing Tywin and Arya riding Space Mountain together at Disneyland.And the Jaime killing his cousin scene...that's on my nitpick list too.
1863	Im no Ser	2012-05-08	I know there's been substantial discussion about Jon's chasing Ygriite, but I was more struck by what happened immediately prior.
In the novels, Quorhin Halfhand returns to find Jon and the other rangers with Ygritte captive.  He takes the others and leaves, but not before telling Jon to do "what needs to be done."  Jon then lets Ygritte go, and later confesses to Quorhin that he didn't execute her.  Halfhand replies that he didn't tell him to execute her, that he didn't need her dead, and if he had needed her dead he would have killed her himself or had one of the other rangers do it.  The purpose of the order was to learn who Jon really is; that's critical, because later Halfhand literally gives his own life in large part on the trust that Jon will continue the mission.
The show - for reasons that escape me - have changed that.  Quorhin's order is an unambiguous direction to Jon to kill Ygritte.  Jon disobeys the order.
I'm baffled by this choice.  The lack of ambiguity in the order means that from a NW perspective Jon is ultimately not to be trusted to do the hard things required of the mission, and therefore unlikely to be asked to kill Quorhin and infiltrate the wildlings (and it wouldn't be the first time he disobeyed orders).  It also removes depth and competence from Quorhin - he's not only less interesting (he's just another NW officer ordering a wilding execution, as opposed to a brilliant commander taking an opportunity to see inside the soul of one of his men) but also unfit for the job (if she needs to be killed, don't leave the new kid alone to do it).
What's particularly puzzling is: why?  If Quorhin gives the more ambiguous order, the rest of the scene can still play out exactly the same way.
1864	Laohu	2012-05-09	Ya, I felt like this was botched a little bit just from what we saw in episode 6. I am going to try and reserve judgment until we see the rest of the season play out.
I cannot really think of a way they can make kill order thing work at the moment, but perhaps they had there reasons for doing it this way. Hopefully we find out relatively soon how Jon's predicament will play out. (ep. 7 please)
1865	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-09	Maybe they just delayed her real escape for some delicious spooning? Come on guys!
1866	Eddard Sand	2012-05-10	I'm not gunna lie the spooning was cute. It Had my sisters who are apparently fond of Jon Snow booing Ygritte... I'm guessing there is still a chance that we can see the Halfhand sacrifice himself.
I can imagine a scene where Jon meets back up with Halfhand only to be immediately set upon by Rattleshirt/ generic wildlings. Qhorin grabs Jon and orders him to double agent kill him. He could even throw in a "you've already disobeyed me once"  thing for emphasis.
1867	Terminated	2012-05-10	Qhorin knew.
Jon had already a hard time killing her with the pressure of his brothers watching, and someone as experienced as Qhorin knows that leaving them together only increased the chances of him letting her go.  Ever tried to force a kid to eat something he doesn't want to ?  Do you really think that leaving him alone will increase the chances of him eating it ?
It was a test.
1868	StarkWard	2012-05-10	If one thinks on it though, Qhorin couldn't risk a live witness telling on their location. Ygritte SHOULD have been killed. If he wanted to give the boy a test, now was not the most optimal time. It's too risky; their location would be compromised, and he and his men would die. Surely the Halfhand thought about that if he gave Jon the "I-want-you-to-die-fighting" speech. Qhorin wants to understand his men, but then, he is also a man that knew what needed to be done. He would not have survived that long if he didn't.
1869	boojam	2012-05-11	The show - for reasons that escape me - have changed that.  Quorhin's order is an unambiguous direction to Jon to kill Ygritte.  Jon disobeys the order.Some more escaped subtly in this teleplay, I am sorry, but I don't think this writer was cut out for this kind of story , or at least D&D need to keep a tighter script review. Need a replacement for her next season.Maybe D&D will fix it up next episode, a lot of fixing up is needed right now.
							Edited by boojam, 11 May 2012 - 07:31 AM.
1870	boojam	2012-05-11	Just an observation on this whole thing.
George needed a POV for Mance and it seems only Jon was available ... 
In the novel I had to keep my suspension of disbelief in full force ... because my brain keep telling me this ploy is so awkward it would have never worked.
It would have taken some real imagination as to how to get Jon in as a 'mole' but I think it could have been done.
1871	The Monkey	2012-05-11	I'm guessing there is still a chance that we can see the Halfhand sacrifice himself.I can imagine a scene where Jon meets back up with Halfhand only to be immediately set upon by Rattleshirt/ generic wildlings. Qhorin grabs Jon and orders him to double agent kill him. He could even throw in a "you've already disobeyed me once"  thing for emphasis.This will definitely play out similar to the book.Episode 10 description:
	Spoiler Tyrion awakens to a changed situation. King Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects. As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; Jon proves himself to Qhorin.
1872	Tadco26	2012-05-11	Part of the reason for the story change is that Jon did not capture Ygritte on top of a mountain and then march her back to Qhorin after a day or so like the book.  She was no longer in a spot where it was easy to send a warning by the time Qhorin told Jon to deal with her.  The book version they took the wildlings horn that they would have used to send their warning, but I do not recall if there was a horn shown in the TV scene.  In the books she was left unarmed, afoot behind the rangers who were mounted, and not likely to be a threat, where that was not so clear in the show.
1873	gogorath	2012-05-11	I know there's been substantial discussion about Jon's chasing Ygriite, but I was more struck by what happened immediately prior.In the novels, Quorhin Halfhand returns to find Jon and the other rangers with Ygritte captive.  He takes the others and leaves, but not before telling Jon to do "what needs to be done."  Jon then lets Ygritte go, and later confesses to Quorhin that he didn't execute her.  Halfhand replies that he didn't tell him to execute her, that he didn't need her dead, and if he had needed her dead he would have killed her himself or had one of the other rangers do it.  The purpose of the order was to learn who Jon really is; that's critical, because later Halfhand literally gives his own life in large part on the trust that Jon will continue the mission.The show - for reasons that escape me - have changed that.  Quorhin's order is an unambiguous direction to Jon to kill Ygritte.  Jon disobeys the order.I'm baffled by this choice.  The lack of ambiguity in the order means that from a NW perspective Jon is ultimately not to be trusted to do the hard things required of the mission, and therefore unlikely to be asked to kill Quorhin and infiltrate the wildlings (and it wouldn't be the first time he disobeyed orders).  It also removes depth and competence from Quorhin - he's not only less interesting (he's just another NW officer ordering a wilding execution, as opposed to a brilliant commander taking an opportunity to see inside the soul of one of his men) but also unfit for the job (if she needs to be killed, don't leave the new kid alone to do it).What's particularly puzzling is: why?  If Quorhin gives the more ambiguous order, the rest of the scene can still play out exactly the same way.I am normally an anti-book purist, but this would probably be the first change that would bother me.It's a plot hole if it was never a test -- but that's kind of silly in the book as well.  And I don't need Qhorin to be so noble; he's not a key character.  But to have Jon kill him to save his own skin isn't making Cersei more likeable or Littlefinger a bit less competent, it's changing some pretty core elements of his character.If all we got out of that is a bit of early Ygritte-ness and a chase scene, I'm not sure I like that trade.
1874	SerMixalot	2012-05-11	u see the thing is orders from a NW officer are more advisory than actual orders, so all is good
1875	Liathano	2012-05-11	I feel like we need to just wait and see what they have planned. I'd forgotten that it was a test, and still saw that jon was too "nice" (I say weak of character, but potaytoes, potaatoes) to do the deed, which can still be commented on later on my Qhorin who will then say he trusts him to continue the mission.
1876	SerMixalot	2012-05-11	of course that leads to conjecture on what is going to happen next with ygritte and jon
does he let her go?  why after chasing her, QH wouldhave reason to think Jon had turned his cloak or started to
does she escape?  what was the point of the chase and spooning then, QH would view jon as incompetent
brings her to QH?  QH wouldjust kill her out of hand
1877	Team Shaggydog	2012-05-12	Been lurking for awhile, but I registered because I was surprised that no one, that I've seen anyway, has yet interpreted this scene the way I did immediately.
It seemed obvious to me actually, and now I'm wondering if I'm just making up subtext in my head if I'm alone in this, but I thought Qhorin knew right away that Jon wasn't going to be able to kill Ygritte when he volunteered, and that's why he rushed the other rangers away to leave Jon alone with her, because he knew Jon would let her go. I thought Qhorin's plan was that when their party came upon Mance, Ygritte would vouch for Jon, and he'd be taken prisoner or allowed to join them, so then the NW would have Jon on the inside. I came to that conclusion because Qhorin point blank asked her what happen if he himself were to be taken prisoner, and she said they'd kill him. So that's when he figured Jon would be their double agent. I don't know if he knew Jon would be lugging her around indecisively the way he is, which might be the reason why they made themselves scarce when Jon tried to rejoin them with her tied up, but I'm pretty sure he knew when he left them alone together that she wasn't going to die.
Thoughts?
1878	Raja	2012-05-12	Jeez , it's not even played out yet. I can see it going quite like how it goes in the books with the Rangers finding Jon the next time we see him with Yigritte having escaped or let go
1879	jarl the climber	2012-05-12	I think Ghost will find them when they are waking up and Ygritte will freak out thinking that it is going to eat her and Jon. Jon will be like no problem he's my buddy and she'll be like your a Warg and he'll say get the hell out of here and we will get our first you know nothing Jon Snow.
1880	Jayaris	2012-05-12	shortI just watched the scene and :Quorhin asks Ygritte what the wildlings would do to him if he was captured.He pulls out a sword and says :"It needs to be done, want me to do it?"Jon says "No"Quorhin says "Don't take too long"I think you're really overstating how unambigious the statement is, he at no point in the scene orders Jon to kill her :In the book you have"What needs to be done"In the show you have"It needs to be done"It would be in no way a stretch to suggest that Quorhin knew he would let her go, which is why he gave him a false rendezvous point and that it was a test of character - As in the books.By the tone of the thread I would of expected Quorhin to say "Jon Snow, better off this wildling son - Or else."Maybe I missed some hidden footage where that actually happened..Otherwise, I do not see how this could be considered a plot hole.The only stupid thing in the scene was the ambiguity of whether or not Jon missed on purpose or not.
1881	House Snow	2012-05-12	I think they are trying to set up a believable way for the wildings to take Jon.  In the book it seemed sort of a jump in logic for them to take him in out, even in the untrusting way that they did.  It probably still won't be believable but it will probably make more sense then the book.
1882	King Cheops	2012-05-12	When I saw it I just assumed that Qhorin saw that Jon fancied Ygritte so was leaving him alone to rape her then kill her.  He and the men were just giving Snow some privacy.
1883	kungtotte	2012-05-13	In the books you have Qhorin wanting to figure out more about Jon Snow (who he has heard a lot about, Jon was the one who saved the Old Bear's life when the wight attacked him after all), that is why he tells Jon to do what needs to be done about Ygritte. Afterwards when he finds out Jon didn't do it (something he already suspected), he tells him he would have used Ebben if he desperately wanted her dead, or done it himself."Then why did you command it of me?""I did not command it. I told you to do what needed to be done, and left you to decide what that would be." Qhorin stood and slid his longsword back into its scabbard. "When I want a mountain scaled, I call on Stonesnake. Should I need to put an arrow through the eye of some foe across a windy battlefield, I summon Squire Dalbridge. Ebben can make any man give up his secrets. To lead men you must know them, Jon Snow. I know more of you now than I did this morning.""And if I had slain her?" asked Jon."She would be dead, and I would know you better than I had before. But enough talk. You ought to be sleeping. We have leagues to go, and dangers to face. You will need your strength."It's not important to Qhorin whether she lives or dies, she just can't come with them, but it's important to him to know what Jon Snow would do in a particular situation so that he may lead him effectively. Jon's actions are what allows Qhorin to formulate his plan of Jon pretending to turn cloak. I really don't like the change, because you've completely changed the tone of the characters and introduced plot issues. When Jon finally makes it back to Qhorin he will be seen as unreliable, he was told to off some chick and instead he disappeared for days doing lord knows what, so Qhorin will distrust him. Which is completely opposite of what actually happens in the book. So now you need to devote screentime to that conflict and its resolution. I can't think of a single valid reason why they would make this change.The problem in a nutshell is that Qhorin Halfhand would never trust TV-Jon with his final orders.
1884	congokong	2012-05-13	There are a lot of "why"s this season. Answer: The writers think they can do it better and/or their pride keeps them from simply copy/pate/cut GRRM's work. They want to make it "their own." If that means the show will become tainted in the process well...
Quorin behaved like he just wanted to pick a fight but Jon wasn't giving him one. And how he said to kill Yygritte is just another pointless change.
1885	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-13	There are a lot of "why"s this season. Answer: The writers think they can do it better and/or their pride keeps them from simply copy/pate/cut GRRM's work. They want to make it "their own." If that means the show will become tainted in the process well...Quorin behaved like he just wanted to pick a fight but Jon wasn't giving him one. And how he said to kill Yygritte is just another pointless change.I think that's too harsh. This has been extensively discussed in other boards but why is the change already deemed pointless? It's different for sure, but this whole "there is no reason" argument is way too soon to tell. By now I think it's fair to say that Joff/Ros was pointless. Craster knocking out Jon, on the other hand, was definitely not pointless. Let things play out. I'm pretty sure that Qorin will see a strength in Jon's 'weakness' and he will therefore order Jon to infiltrate and kill qorin. That's  Jon's most important development in ACoK anyway.
1886	Fengari	2012-05-13	I have no problems with the scene.
If Qhorin really wanted Ygritte dead, why would he leave it to the newbie? And why not just wait a few more minutes to see it is done? There's no point in them leaving if it wasn't to give Jon the chance to let her go...
But even if Qhorin really wanted her dead and leaving was just a bad move on his part, that doesn't have to change the part where he tells Jon to infiltrate and kill him. After all, by that time, there really are no other options left: they are vastly outnumbered and if they fight, they will die. The only option then is to have someone yield and infiltrate, and who better for that task than the guy who has just spared a wildling's life?
I think Ygritte will still get away (maybe she will even be gone by the time Jon wakes up, after all, as a wildling woman, how unlikely is it that she has a few knives hidden under all that fur to cut herself loose?), Jon will find his brothers again, and the rest will be by the book...
1887	Buckwheat	2012-05-13	I think Ghost will find them when they are waking up and Ygritte will freak out thinking that it is going to eat her and Jon. Jon will be like no problem he's my buddy and she'll be like your a Warg and he'll say get the hell out of here and we will get our first you know nothing Jon Snow.That would be so cool. But I am afraid this is the reason why it will not happen. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
1888	jarl the climber	2012-05-13	That would be so cool. But I am afraid this is the reason why it will not happen. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />I agree people have so far prefered to call Jon stupid, the know nothing bit does get old but it beats stupid.
1889	Buckwheat	2012-05-13	I agree people have so far prefered to call Jon stupid, the know nothing bit does get old but it beats stupid.Well, the way he acts this season, and especially the last episode, I would call him stupid as well. I have been asking myself the whole time "Er, Jon? What are you doing?" Letting Ygritte live and then chasing her? Tying her in this way that looked ridiculous? Talking that way to Qhorin?Coming from a fan of book-Jon and first season-Jon.
1890	jarl the climber	2012-05-13	He behaves with a lot more discretion in the book, even letting ygritte free is no big deal, they are mounted and she is on foot behind them and unarmed.
The way it went in the book, Jon told her he was a Snow and that was repulsive to her a cursed name and then he mentions being the Bastard of Winterfell and she warms up to him and tells him the tale of Bael the Bard, which I hope they don't cut. She meets Ghost the next morning when the others come up the mountian and she deduces that he is a warg only then does she suggest Mance would take him. The point is is that in the book he is mostly competent and you can see why they are grooming him for command but they seem to be focusing on him being green and foolish so far.
1891	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	green and foolish, aye
like creating the conflict between he and craster and mormonts disdain for jon, completely needless additions to the story, that will make jon becoming LC less ratiional
1892	King Cheops	2012-05-13	Jon becoming LC was rational?  No it wasn't.
TV Jon is being set up to show why he fails.
1893	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	he fails?  we havent seen that yet
1894	teemo	2012-05-06	Already, #3 of this thread.  Here you can bitch, whine and complain about anything you desire on the show.  But there are some rules, since this thread became a little troublesome to moderators last week.#1 - This is not the thread to reply with things such as, "stop being such a whiner!  It's a show, not the book."  No nitpick is too big or small.#2 - While you can't get annoyed with someone for being "too picky," you can debate the accuracy of a nitpick.  Example: "I can't believe Boros Blount hasn't been given any screen-time this season!"#3 - This is what troubled moderators last week.  You CANNOT nitpick about actress' breasts, faces, looks, and make skeevy remarks regarding sex scenes.  I know a lot of people don't like Asha, but the hate needs to be turned down a notch (or several) regarding her appearance.  Anyway, here are my nitpicks (even though I actually love this weeks episode.  Roose finally mentioned his bastard.  Yay!)I've gotten to the point where I really do believe D&D think they are are better writers than GRRM.  I understand some things need to be changed.  I liked how Osha took the place of Kyra.  She still swore fealty to Theon, and that was a way to replace Kyra.  Perfect.  However, some little things I don't understand why they are changed.  Like why does Ygritte beg for her life to Jon at first?  Tell me if I'm wrong, but I never remember Ygritte doing that.The fact that the royal family is just walking around in KL instead of being on cavalry is just ridiculous.  I mean....really?  I know it's budget/practicality concerns, but it looks silly.The scenes with Dany are also ridiculous.  Did she ever really say, "I will take what is mine with blood and fire!" this many times in the book?  It is sooooo annoying.  She is even brattier in the show than in the book.  Like I said, I don't like Dany's scenes in Qarth so I don't really care about D&D do, but it's so goofy.  And is Irri dead?  And what the hell happened and who is running off with one of her dragons?  I hated that it was the ending.Okay, how in the hell was Theon able to get ahold of Rodrik like that?I find it hard to believe that Tywin would be that talkative to his cupbearer.  And wouldn't he become like....hugely suspicious that she can read?  Also, Tywin smiles and yells in the show.  Not doing those things is one of his trademarks in the books.Littlefinger sure gets around, huh?
							Edited by hk47, 07 May 2012 - 07:08 PM.
1895	teemo	2012-05-06	IT WAS A TYPO - I do NOT believe that D&D are better writers than GRRM.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 07 May 2012 - 01:37 PM.
1896	Morrigan	2012-05-07	I've gotten to the point where I really do believe D&D are better writers than GRRM.I stopped reading right there. This thread is dead to me.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 07 May 2012 - 03:39 AM.
1897	Sworn Shield	2012-05-07	Tyrion only slapped Joffrey once.
1898	Thunderfist	2012-05-07	Roose Bolton spoke too loudly, at one point he was almost yelling. And where are the leeches?!
1899	Zod	2012-05-07	How many men did Theon have on one ship anyways?
1900	Sensuki Dorjan	2012-05-07	I stopped reading right there. This thread is dead to me.Why because it's true ?
1901	Raylan Stark	2012-05-07	Why because it's true ?Because it's laughable.  I even doubt they're better screen writers after this last episode.  I'm wondering if they read the books at all to be honest.I can forgive condensing events and even some characters.  That's a necessity in an adaptation.  I can forgive glossing over smaller events and excising lesser characters.  Again, a necessity for an adaptation.  But their characterization of many characters misses the mark wildly.  They're changing motivations, personalities and in some cases, giving actions from one character who is important even in the show to another character.Unnecessary changes for the sake of being cute, or thinking they can improve on the story irks me to no end.  Why didn't Jon just let Ygritte go?  What?  Not "gripping" enough?  Pfft.  It makes him look like an incompetent ass the way they made it.  And he's still stuck with a prisoner he can't guard, feed, nor escort.  I swear, if she leads him to the wildings without Qhorin.  Or we don't get Qhorin's last orders.... I'm out. No hint at all about Jon's growing connection to Ghost.  No dragonglass...They thought they could improve on the Qarth storyline.  Now, maybe they'll make me eat my words.  I honestly hope they do.  But so far, I've seen better drama and dialogue in a day time soap.  I used to wonder how people could hate Dany... now I get it.  They've made her into a female Viserys.  Be honest, why in hell would Selmy swear loyalty to this drama queen?  And then killing off the majority of her already sparse khalisaar?  To steal dragons?  WHY?  So she'll have to go to THOTU???  She'd want to ANYWAY!  She's not receiving any offers of help from anyone else.The taking of Winterfell was fine to me.  I'm even ok with Rodrik's fate.  This is an acceptable use of altering things for TV.  Ditto for Harrenhall.  I'll pick my battles.  I can live with these changes.But the riot scene.  Very good, but the whole group just walking through the streets... ugh.  Maybe Dubrovnic won't allow horses.
1902	Raylan Stark	2012-05-07	Tyrion only slapped Joffrey once.LOL.  Agreed.  Would it kill them to have at least one kick in there too?
1903	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	If they dont have Jon going over to the Wildings at Qhorin's orders, that will be a huge change.  His motivations will be far less noble than doing so  under orders.  And I dont think it wouild have taken much effort scriptwise, let Ygritte go, next scene they are surrounded by wildings and Qhorin sees the end and gives Jon  his orders.  just so they could put some dry humping in there
1904	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	will make it seem like jon turned his cloak for some tail
1905	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-07	only 8 people live in winterfell and theon brought like 4 guys with him.
More extras please.
1906	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	the writers were able to reduce the winterfell story nicely into this episode, getting rid of Ser Rodrik's army, that battle scene, etc quite well without losing the jist of the book
1907	Sensuki Dorjan	2012-05-07	Because it's laughable.You mistook me, I was agreeing with you.This was easily the worst episode of the season, I face palmed a few times during. Particularly at the spooning, one does not simply add Twilight:Eclipse into Westeros...
					
					
							Edited by Sensuki Dorjan, 07 May 2012 - 06:44 AM.
1908	Ser Hippie	2012-05-07	The fact that the royal family is just walking around in KL instead of being on cavalry is just ridiculous.  I mean....really?Probably practical concerns (i.e. horses would likely spook during the riot scene and it'd be really dangerous for both horses and actors, if not outright impossible to film)Okay, how in the hell was Theon able to get ahold of Rodrik like that?  Didn't Theon have like 50 men and Rodrik 2,000?He has 200 men in this version. I just assumed he was riding on ahead since he'd have no reason to think the Winterfell area was dangerous.
1909	Howland Reed	2012-05-07	For me Dany's scenes are almost hard to watch.  Even in the books, her chapters just didn't click until my boys Strong Belwas and The Bold got there.  More so, in the 2nd book, I barely remember anything of importance happening to her, and it seems the same in the show.  In fact it just annoys me, she seems like her brother almost, ITS MINE! I will take what is mine!  Alright... we get it.. chill out and do something about it, instead of going to people and being like, I'm the mother of dragons, you will help me!
I feel like they have strayed kinda far from the book at this point.  Even if they changed only small things, it kinda changes the way certain characters can be perceived.  I feel like Jon is a good example.  Him choosing to go with Halfhand, his whole scene with Ygritte.  He is suppose to let her go, and show that he doesn't have the heart to kill this young girl.   I feel like he is coming off too arrogant in the show (just my take), maybe not arrogant, but some word I can't quite put my tongue on.
Lastly, I guess I saw Roose Bolton a lot differently in my head than in the show.  I always saw him very melancholy, very slow, calculated, very quiet and confident.  He seems a bit too normal for me here.  I don't know, just a petpeeve.
					
					
							Edited by Howland Reed, 08 May 2012 - 10:56 AM.
1910	Patchface12	2012-05-07	What was the deal with Amory Lorch and the messages? I kind of figured he wouldn't fed to a bear, but that was still kind of over the top.   
I'm assuming Pyat Pree stole Dany's dragons as a lead in for her going to the House of Undying. While I get killing Maggo (he can be replaced by a brother who wants revenge for his death) why kill Irri and Rakharo? Why r they killing off characters that don't need to die? What purpose does it serve? Not to mention they left Doreah alive when she was supposed to die (tho if she's to fill Missandei's role in the future, I can understand)
I kind of get the Ygritte thing. They're trying to make a big deal out of her, what with her future role in the next book. I kind of like her "shifting" while laying with Jon, trying to give him a chubby.
I was relieved to hear about Ramsay (I really worried Roose was going to Winterfell) but if he isn't cast, how r they going to show him/ his host?
And the Talissa/ Jeyne thing baffles me also. I understand they're trying to make a bigger deal out of her, but how is she going to try and win Robb's heart by lying to him? Wouldn't someone as honorable as Robb find it a little bit shady?
1911	Francys Targaryen	2012-05-07	I kind of get the Ygritte thing. They're trying to make a big deal out of her, what with her future role in the next book. I kind of like her "shifting" while laying with Jon, trying to give him a chubby.LOL
1912	teemo	2012-05-07	I stopped reading right there. This thread is dead to me.it was a typo...a bad one..and didn't get to fix it until much later
1913	Winterfellian	2012-05-07	Well, I never been one to nitpick much over the show and have always try to see both the books and the show as different things however this episode really left me doubting for the very first time.
Am not sure I agree with your assesment on D&D but to me it is very clear that writers did have a field day with the original material when writing this episode. Though I support or understand many of the changes (Winterfell's falling to Theon, compressing Arya's storyline, abscence of the Reeds, etc) I don't get why should they change a charcater. Either if is to make it more sympathetic
(Cercei) or more easy to hate (Stannis).
Some of the things I dislike:
- Jon's story: I think this is the weakest so far. Despite the beautiful scenary I found this episode utterly painful specially the Ygritte chase and spooning. Not to mention Jon's careless ''I will gladly give my life line''. He sounded like a douche to me. I hope they don't continue to mess more of his story and have him join the wildings because he was ''smitten'' with Ygritte or something stupid like that.
- Following Jon...no dragonglass, no wolf dreams. I wonder how will Sam ever kill the Other...by sitting on him? /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  
- Dany loosing the dragons I will reserve judgement to see how they play out the next episode but they are doing her a disservice by getting rid of so many of her Dothraki. They were a handful to begin with and for better or for worst they are a big part of her character.
- Talisa: Never liked her since her first appereance and still dislike her
- I too find it weird to see the King and his party walking the streets of King's Landing.
Am crossing my fingers the next episode will be better than this one.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfellian, 07 May 2012 - 10:07 AM.
1914	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	The whole dart to the neck thing-tres stupid.  FM are much to smooth for that
1915	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	I suspect they will get rid of the Sam killing the Other part (ie no dragonglass), though that is probably going to be next season.
1916	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-07	That's true, they "forgot" the obsidian daggers and arrow tips. 
The chase after Ygritte was not necessary, but maybe HBO did it so that when Jon "betrays" Qorin it'll be easier to the wildlings to believe in him. Jon and Ygritte, IMO, had no connection before that in the books. Yes, Jon let her scape, but there was no such interaction as in the series. She's probably going to scape again and meet Rattleshirt.
I was unconfortable watching Tywin "smile". It will be harder to the non-readers "hate" him. But Charles Dance is doing such a great job that it's difficult to complain about it.
1917	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	As for dany, the problem is that in the 2nd book, there was little action for her other than the visions and her meeting Belwas and Barristan (that latter was part of the 2nd book, right?) so they need to create some conflict/drama for her as a. she is a main main character and b. likely a fan favorite.  What bugs me about Qarth is Xaro.  His character could have been uberawesome, sleazy and decadent, crying his love for her.  I found the whole dismissiveness to Xaros extremely halfhearted proposal very annoying.   He should have been cast as a temptation to Dany, someone rich and alluring, making it a little harder for her to say no.
And what is the big deal about her getting a ship. Her and her khalisar are what 30 people?  A small trading vessel could easily accommodate the entire mob of em.  SHE DOESNT HAVE AN ARMY YET!
And why is she begging for ships from the one guy.  She should be begging from Xaro.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 07 May 2012 - 10:31 AM.
1918	boojam	2012-05-07	And what is the big deal about her getting a ship. Her and her khalisar are what 30 people?  A small trading vessel could easily accommodate the entire mob of em.  SHE DOESNT HAVE AN ARMY YET!I can't remember in CoK if Dany keep thinking that returning to Westeros would gain an army that would just spring out of the ground! I don't think she did.Are D&D noticing this? I thought Bryan Cogman was story editor , and the interview I saw with him showed he had a sharp mind of continuity. Jorah tells her the right thing about Westeros.It's not until Jorah's tale about the Unsullied that she grasps a way to get an army.So even if they don't follow the books with the Qarth story (which is not one of my favorites) the shows logic is getting out of whack.
1919	Lebronn Jaime	2012-05-07	So now not only is Arya a thief, but she's stupid as well? What does she expect to do with that note? What does she think will happen when Tywin finds it missing?And Jon Snow is being set up as a true turncloak. That's going to make his whole honor spiel even more annoying. The scene with Ygritte and Qhorin was fine until it turned into a pseudo-action foot chase. They could have just let Ygritte run off and preserved the integrity of the scene, but then BAM! And why is Jon Snow running around out there when the Halfhand just warned him about unseen dangers like crevasses?Catelyn is now complicit in Robb's snubbing of the Freys. Alright then. I'm not even going to mention the impossible travel speed some characters have attained, as well as their ability to find moving camps.Littlefinger, who gave what was essentially a biographical soliloquy about how well he knows people, did not recognize Arya Stark.Faceless Men are brazen cutthroats and respond to impatience. Noted.The mistaking of House Drommond for Marbrand was eye roll-worthy. Amory Lorch can't keep Marbrand straight from [random fake Northern house], but he doesn't for a second believe that Arya might run a note for Tywin.The rape scene was gratuitous to an unsettling degree. Am I watching Game of Thrones or Irreversible?  It was paired perfectly with a scene of The Hound completely eviscerating a man with only a dagger in less than an instant.How did Robb's camp get word that Ser Rodrik died in the same scene that he heard about the fall of Winterfell?Osha slept with Theon for literally no reason or gain. Another sensible, logical t&a scene under the show's belt. She also goes from betraying Bran to helping him escape with no explanation as to why. Bran is able to very clearly articulate Osha to the point that Asha's name change is confirmed as pointless.I can understand removing some scenes that wouldn't translate well onto the screen or would make the actors uncomfortable, but I'm now trying to understand the point of this adaptation. Very few of the characters have the motivations they had in the books, so their actions seem even more random than usual as we touch upon only the broadest strokes of plot. It's like watching a bizarro version of ASOIAF.
					
					
							Edited by Lebronn Jamie, 07 May 2012 - 11:04 AM.
1920	boojam	2012-05-07	[list][*]And Jon Snow is being set up as a true turncloak. That's going to make his whole honor spiel even more annoying. The scene with Ygritte and Qhorin was fine until it turned into a pseudo-action foot chase. They could have just let Ygritte run off and preserved the integrity of the scene, but then BAM! And why is Jon Snow running around out there when the Halfhand just warned him about unseen dangers like crevasses?Well you can blame that one on George. I never liked how that story played out, and considered it totally unfeasible or believable that Mance would buy that story.Jon of course remains true to the black, but I wish George had of concocted a better story. Now I know the Night's Watch has gone down hill, but even as a smaller group they can't find enough  who will not mutiny at the drop of a pen!Would have thought those types would have been booted out of the Crows ....
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 May 2012 - 11:25 AM.
1921	David Selig	2012-05-07	And what is the big deal about her getting a ship. Her and her khalisar are what 30 people?  A small trading vessel could easily accommodate the entire mob of em.  SHE DOESNT HAVE AN ARMY YET!This so much.One nitpick from me - Robb sees Brienne with Catelyn yet doesn't ask about her and neither does Cat introduces her. You'd think he'd be curious who's this huge woman in an armour coming with his mother...And why didn't Robb ask Cat what happened in the Renly camp? Far more important to talk about the hot Talisa, I guess...
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 07 May 2012 - 11:25 AM.
1922	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	I think Littlefinger did recognize Arya
The rest of your stuff is RIGHT ON
the whole littlefinger running around Westeros is getting stupid.
Hey Lord Tywin of the horrible reputation, I just got back from seeing the Usurper Renly, how's tricks?
There are so many alternatives to what they presented that a. keep the integrity of the book and characters while maintaining the show FOR EXAMPLE
Instead of Ygritte escaping and Rob chasing her and laying with her (clearly moving towards a scene where they are captured by the Wildings-of course how will Ygritte believe Jon is a turncloak in that case), they could haev allowed her to escape and then had the NW get surrounded by Wildings.  Get to the same point without additional time.
the alternative is that Jon and Ygritte meet back up with QH and then they proceed with the book's story QH orders Jon to turn his cloak, but then it is questionable whether jon turned cause of the grinding by the clearly hot ginger Ygritte. 
As an aside, I guess the north cant be tooo harsh to leave a northling spearwife to look like that.
1923	kungtotte	2012-05-07	Really don't like the change with the Ygritte situation. It completely wrecks the character development of Jon, Ygritte and Qhorin.The rest of the stuff I can accept as standard "TV differences" or whatever.
1924	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	Basically I think HBO has two options with the Jon story, he meets back up with QH, whereby this  episodes point was to have Jon develop a sexual interest in Y, thereby undermining his noble actions later OR they dont meet back up with QH and Jon decideso n his own to be a spy, which his brothers shouldnt ever believe
1925	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	One nitpick from me - Robb sees Brienne with Catelyn yet doesn't ask about her and neither does Cat introduces her. You'd think he'd be curious who's this huge woman in an armour coming with his mother...And why didn't Robb ask Cat what happened in the Renly camp? Far more important to talk about the hot Talisa, I guess...yeah, these two things - though in some ways I don't think they are really nitpicks, more holes left open.  At least in one place (KL) we do hear that there is speculation about who did the actual killing, so it might stand to reason that other places would still have that question percolating around as well.
1926	RhovanionGirl	2012-05-07	I want to know where the heck the Reeds are. They seemed pretty important in the books, especially Jojen.
1927	Oberyn King	2012-05-07	Is there some kind of anti-dothraki thing going on?  Why do they keep killing them?  Was killing badass bloodrider Rakharo not enough?  They had to kill hot handmaiden Irri too?
1928	Heracles	2012-05-07	I don't understand why some people are irritated by the characters in the TV series.  If you read the book without reaching Dance, it makes sense.  These characters are nothing like those in the latter parts of the books.  I'm interested in seeing how they playout the Undying scene especially with the prophecies.  I do feel that Vaes Tolorro was an important part of Dany's journey since she wasn't begging there.  She was invited to go to Qarth, she didn't beg to come in.  Although I think it gives a different side of Dany, it's easier to see the growth in her with the current story line.
I agree that if they didn't use the Qhorin Halfhand story line, I would be pissed but I think they won't forget it.
Oh I hate that they killed the handmaids...boo
					
					
							Edited by Heracles, 07 May 2012 - 12:55 PM.
1929	bardgal	2012-05-07	So now not only is Arya a thief, but she's stupid as well? What does she expect to do with that note? What does she think will happen when Tywin finds it missing?And Jon Snow is being set up as a true turncloak. That's going to make his whole honor spiel even more annoying. The scene with Ygritte and Qhorin was fine until it turned into a pseudo-action foot chase. They could have just let Ygritte run off and preserved the integrity of the scene, but then BAM! And why is Jon Snow running around out there when the Halfhand just warned him about unseen dangers like crevasses?Catelyn is now complicit in Robb's snubbing of the Freys. Alright then. I'm not even going to mention the impossible travel speed some characters have attained, as well as their ability to find moving camps.Littlefinger, who gave what was essentially a biographical soliloquy about how well he knows people, did not recognize Arya Stark.Faceless Men are brazen cutthroats and respond to impatience. Noted.The mistaking of House Drommond for Marbrand was eye roll-worthy. Amory Lorch can't keep Marbrand straight from [random fake Northern house], but he doesn't for a second believe that Arya might run a note for Tywin.The rape scene was gratuitous to an unsettling degree. Am I watching Game of Thrones or Irreversible?  It was paired perfectly with a scene of The Hound completely eviscerating a man with only a dagger in less than an instant.How did Robb's camp get word that Ser Rodrik died in the same scene that he heard about the fall of Winterfell?Osha slept with Theon for literally no reason or gain. Another sensible, logical t&a scene under the show's belt. She also goes from betraying Bran to helping him escape with no explanation as to why. Bran is able to very clearly articulate Osha to the point that Asha's name change is confirmed as pointless.Arya isn't stupid. She's a child who is trying to stay alive in extraordinary circumstances. She's also pretty sure she's just been recognized by Littlefinger. She took it so she could read it. I don't think she had a plan after that. Oh and, she's a CHILD.I don't see them setting up Jon to be a turncloak, and it's a little early to presume that. Remember, the biggest enemy of the series is lack of TIME. Letting her go adds time. I think they're going to skip Orell and his eagle (too hard to shoot, and I don't think they want to mess up Kit's face.) So they're going to have to run back into Qhorin another way.What??? She tells him to his face, "You're promised to another", how is that being complicit? As for travel speed - large moving camps of thousands of soldiers and all their stuff move a lot slower and leave a giant trackable path compared to one dude on a fast horse. (hey it's not as bad as 24.) I think it's also a way to help tell, "time passes."You definitely need to rewatch the episode. The only reason they wrote him into that scene was to recognize Arya, there is no other reason for him to be there. (And staring at her nonstop from the moment Tywin said, "girl", and not looking at Tywin while he was talking to him, almost to the point of hammering us over the head with OMG I KNOW WHO THAT IS, helped to clinch it for those actually watching the screen.)Jaqen owes her. Period. If you make light of that, her third "death" owed becomes laughable. This way, you see he is a man of his word, and establishes his commitment to paying his debt to her.Lorch can't read, and a child can. She's already made him look bad. he wants to known what it says, and he can't ask anyone since that would make him look even worse. It made the setup to the change of her second "death" being Lorch instead of Weese (since he's apparently been cut, and would have added tons more time to the series.)The rape scene was perfect considering they had to change the entire scene to be on foot, since shooting that with live horses is pretty much impossible without harming someone or an animal. They still had to give the Hound his 'Go Back For The Big Rescue Of Sansa" moment. It was just different.It happens on the same day in the series, so I'm assuming from the same note brought by one raven.Osha slept with Theon to set up that [it would seem] she was a turncloak [to Theon's men], and would be viewed by all his men as a "friendly" instead of an enemy. That was her plan from the start, so she could get them all the hell out of Winterfell, and it worked. The explanation was in the action happening on the screen. Many Americans have hearing problems when it comes to "foreign" dialects, even when everyone speaks English. Sad fact, but true. I totally understand the change, especially since most everyone from Winterfell northward speaks with a Yorkshire-northern dialect (which I love.)I want to know where the heck the Reeds are. They seemed pretty important in the books, especially Jojen.Yeah - this really bugs me too.
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 07 May 2012 - 01:19 PM.
1930	MaJose	2012-05-07	Littlefinger appearing in Harrenhal. It was a great scene because all of the actors were absolutely amazing but the moment LF walked in I literally shouted at the tv "how the hell did you get there so fast?!". It's like LF just keeps teleporting all over Westeros. 
The royal family FOOT procession. I get why they did it. Having a great procession with horses and everything was probably too difficult, expensive and dangerous, and the whole scene actually work out quite well. But it still seem kind of moronic that the royal family would just walk around through narrow streets filled with commoners. 
The Ygritte deviation. I'm still waiting to see how the whole story plays out but I was worried. If they have Jon go with the wildlings without Qhorin's orders I'll be seriously pissed. I don't think they'll do that because it would completely change Jon's motivations and personality but I just don't get why didn't he just let her go. 
Talissa or Jeyne or whoever she is. I I still don't get what they are getting at with her. Why does Robb keeps flirting with a girl that is obviously lying to him? doesn't he suspect her or anything? it's making him look even more stupid than in the book.
1931	teemo	2012-05-07	Probably practical concerns (i.e. horses would likely spook during the riot scene and it'd be really dangerous for both horses and actors, if not outright impossible to film)Well, I know it's for budget and practicality reasons, but it still looks ridiculous to me.
1932	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-07	Maybe after some spooning he'll grow soft on her and let her go?
1933	_Oberyn_	2012-05-07	So The Reach has the 3rd biggest army after the Lannisters and Starks /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
1934	Ran	2012-05-07	To be fair, in the show pretty much all of Renly's host joins Stannis, not just the 20,000 cavalry of the novel. So with 60-80,000 troops gone... I guess, yes, the Tyrells might well have fewer loyal men than the Starks or Lannisters at this moment. Of course, the fact that the Tyrell bannermen jump, almost to a man, to Stannis has implications that I'm fairly sure the show will not explore.
1935	Great Dayne	2012-05-07	I have to complain about Tywin.  Last season when we were introduced to Tywin, cutting up the deer carcass and dressing down Jaime, I was thrilled with the character.  The role was perfect.
I still like the acting but:
1.  He is sharp enough to relize that Arya was a girl and not a boy, yet he can't seem to put together that there is a northern girl in the riverlands who can read.  She screams highborn.
2.  The mere fact that he has conversations about his family and the family of a serving girl that is no older than ten.
3.  He has war councils with lowborn northerners present.
4.  Leaves written documents relative to the war around on tables where others can read.  (especially a northern girl who can read)
5.  He smiles.
1936	bardgal	2012-05-07	I have to complain about Tywin.  Last season when we were introduced to Tywin, cutting up the deer carcass and dressing down Jaime, I was thrilled with the character.  The role was perfect.I still like the acting but:1.  He is sharp enough to relize that Arya was a girl and not a boy, yet he can't seem to put together that there is a northern girl in the riverlands who can read.  She screams highborn.2.  The mere fact that he has conversations about his family and the family of a serving girl that is no older than ten.3.  He has war councils with lowborn northerners present.4.  Leaves written documents relative to the war around on tables where others can read.  (especially a northern girl who can read)5.  He smiles.I think the role is still perfect, and Charles Dance is beyond brilliant. I love they are giving him more screen time. Something a lot of people may not realize about The Great Chain of Being that is true in English history, and seems to be what GRRM based his fictional Weterosi society on - it's basically the societal Food Chain. The Basics:GOD - is the top of the food chain Sovereign NoblesPeasantsAnimalsPlantsWithin these classes, there are even more detailed breakdowns but basically you must remember that Males are always above Females, not only in the line of succession. This also applies very much to the Seven Kingdoms.So - 1. Tywin hasn't appeared in King's Landing as of this episode, and doesn't until the very end of the Battle of the Blackwater. There is no reason for him to think Arya is missing yet. And those few who care and can't find her right how, are assuming she's dead, and would rather eat glass than tell Tywin of their own incompetence at misplacing her. She never screamed highborn even when she was at home with her family. She was always the one who wanted to get dirty and compete with the boys. Just because she can read doesn't mean her family had money. Anyone who has a business, from a silk merchant to a pub owner, needs to be able to read and do cyphers (math), otherwise their business will fail. The North is a big place. It's much more than just Winterfell. There is no reason for Tywin to not take her at face value, and while rare a common girl would be able to read, not completely out of the realm of belief - especially after his tale of his personally teaching Jamie to read (instead of servants or a tutor.)2. The Great Chain of Being places a female common child cup-bearer below Tywin's hound and horse. (As Shea rightly said to Sansa, "Your horse eats better than his children.") Tywin speaks to her because he's largely surrounded by idiots, and Arya is one of the smartest people in the room other than himself. Speaking to her is amusing, keeps him sane, and supplies him with intelligent company, but he gives her less value than the cup she fills. It doesn't even occur to him she could be a danger in any way, she's a female child. She's less than the furniture. That's just how the world works for the likes of 99.9% of the Lannisters.3. See #2.4. See #2.5. Makes him more than a two-dimensional, one-note character, and far more dangerous.
1937	Natmus	2012-05-07	5 men scouting in a snowclad wasteland wearing black. The young emo type shouting at his wolf from time to time, in case any watchers within several miles are taking a nap. The 5 men still manage to surprise scouts hidden in the high hills above.Tywin Freaking Lannister allowing some northern girl to hang around his private councils, even after he learns she is literate, but can't pour wine properly! Still acts all Daddy Warbucks towards her, even smiles around her.Conversely, King Robb still has time for idle private conversation to a pretty girl in his camp, even after he learns that she is literate. 'Sensible' Catelyn doesn't seem to be bothered by the literate girl either, just reminds King Robb he must marry a Frey. Frey, who were they now? Has any Freys been mentioned until now in season 2?Tywin Lannister and Robb Stark both allowing unidentified literate girls move around their camps?Speaking of literacy, why does that matter concerning Ser Amory Lorch and the message? Was he going to deliver it himself? Or tell the wrong address to a raven? I get that it is a setup for Arya's literacy and Jaime's dyslexia, but it makes no sense.Jaime's dyslexia. Just a made up thing, just like the story of Robert and Cersei's firstborn dead son, that somehow nobody had heard of and Cersei could tell Catelyn in confidence. Seemingly a setup to make Tywin play more Daddy Warbucks to Arya.Arya urgently needing to have Ser Amory dead. To me it seems like a easy solution to Arya's second name, just to get it out of the way without too much work. Too easy, too stupid.Bran and Rickon escaping with Osha. Did Osha really need to sleep with Theon for that to happen, or wouldn't she had been able to kill a guard if she hadn't?Is Dany going to scream "I will take what is mine with fire and blood" in every episode? That is getting old real fast.The scenes with the Spicer King seems like an annoying waste of time, but at least to this viewer his English is more easily understandable than most of the accents and dialects the rest of the cast uses. As a non-native english speaker I often have trouble understanding what is said in the first go.Lastly, as a general complaint about the series, I miss some colours and some heraldry. From the books I got the impression that most lords and knights are snappy dressers, with clear heraldry marking their dress, and colours also reflecting their arms. However, in the series I find that most clothes look alike, and the dress of the nobles are too primitive. Realistic, perhaps, and doubtless more practical, but that's not what the nobility are about. I would much prefer more clearly marked shields and other coats-of-arms to reflect all the heraldry that the books are filled with.
1938	JackSpadegi	2012-05-07	I believe that in this episode there are some scenes/lines that I've been expecting for a long time and others that IMO mess up with some characters.
- First, I liked the Sansa's rescue scene with The Hound killing the rapists and his line "I didn't do that for you" (or something similar) to Tyrion. Finally, we can see something about the SanSan. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
- Another scene I didn't dislike was Daenerys' dragons being stolen by Pyat Pree (I'm quite confident he's the one who took them and that is taking them to the House of the Undying). It's a nice way to deviate from the original plot by not modifying it too much and adding something new to the show without ruining it. So far, IMO, it has been one of the few things different from the book that D&D have done well.
- And in the end Roose mentioned Ramsay /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
But beside this:
- I believe that (though Charles Dance's work 'til this episode has been awesome) both Tywin and Roose acted a bit out of character: the first one by smiling way too much and being way too much confident with a cupbearer; the second by speaking too loud for a man as the Bolton Lord.
- A wildling such as Ygritte being caught while running away by a crow who is for the first time behind the Wall? Seriously? And I loved the line of QH in which he tells Jon that he didn't ordered him to kill Ygritte but "to do what needed to be done". But they cut it and they made Jon disobeying QH who, this time, expicitly wanted him to kill Ygritte and I found it quite hilarious and stupid when his blow falls on the rock near Ygritte's head (he obviously didn't mean to kill her) and then, when she runs away Jon runs after her. Well, quite contradicting, isn't it?
- Then, about what happened in KL: First, Myrcella crying when she leaves KL while that chapter starts with "The girl never wept." referred to Myrcella. Then, even if I can understand that it would have been too much hard to act with horses during the tumult, I believe that the King's men and the people of KL were too much similar and mixed and, much more important, the chaos that was described in the books wasn't nearly represented in my opinion in the show! The crowd wasn't aggressive at all! Most of them just stood there waving their arms /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />
1939	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	Tywin smiling is INEXCUSABLE
That COMPLETELY goes against his character in the book. UTTERLY AND COMPLETELY
1940	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	In fact, i would argue that changing a small thing like a smile COMPLETELY undercuts who Tywin is.
He is a deadly serious, driven, ambitious egomaniac.  He accepts nothing less than perfection and anyone less is less than human to him.  He is utterly without a sense of humor because of the fear of the jests told at his family's expense.
little twists like that damage the story and appeal to what demographic???
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 07 May 2012 - 02:56 PM.
1941	DrogonEatsYou	2012-05-07	I dont like how Roose Bolton sounds... he sounds like he's announcing for an insurance commercial, like I'm in good hands with Roose.  I thought he had a little wimpy voice.  Also, his 'flayed man' crest on his chest, I got a good look at this week, I think it looks a little cheesy, just my opp there.
Lastly, the spooning.  My wife who hasnt read the books yet was all excited, wow does that happen?  Uh no babe, this is HBO, they are trying to figure out how they can weave another sex scene into this series... lol, speaking of, did anyone notice the random breast during the peasant assault in KL's?  Some producer was sitting there thinking, now how do we get one more dirty shot in this episode, I got it!
1942	teemo	2012-05-07	...lol, speaking of, did anyone notice the random breast during the peasant assault in KL's?  Some producer was sitting there thinking, now how do we get one more dirty shot in this episode, I got it!was that lollys?
1943	madman2711	2012-05-07	In my mind it was her as i really dont need to be told what is that character and why he/she wants
So if i want her to be lollys it is her
1944	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	sounds like some execs got control of portions of the script
though I wasnt complaining over the Osha getting naked scene
1945	Don't_call_me_Ser	2012-05-07	To Great Dayne and others;
I would put forward that Tywin has his suspicions of Arya being high born, thus the questions. But I doubt he thinks Arya is actually a Stark. He see's her as no threat at all in any real sense, but with her dressing as a lad and obviously being sharp of wit and being a natural survivor he likes her, he can admire in her certain traits and characteristics that he can relate to. Cersi isn't clever, she's got a shallow mind, but she's pretty and that's what she was there for, Jamie was his perfect boy, with whom he had a flaw (his apparent dyslexia) and metaphorically beat it out of him. Tyrion is a curse from the Gods maybe (in his eyes)? He is an out and out patriarch and as so needs to be a fatherly figure to someone. Not in a heavy handed way, not in a way that he actually cares about the cup-girl, but he sees himself as a leader, teacher and such and as so he uses this cup girl to full fill his self appointed role.
Plus he speaks honestly and openly to his cup-girl as A) She wouldn't dare tell anyone B)Everyone needs someone to talk to and it's lonely at the top.
1946	Don't_call_me_Ser	2012-05-07	Tywin smiling is INEXCUSABLEThat COMPLETELY goes against his character in the book. UTTERLY AND COMPLETELYI wouldn't agree. He isn't a smiley happy person, but he is a person none the less. He's extreamly intelligent and a leader of men, classically educated (to their version of it), in a time where there is little room for mirth or frivolity. He is a man with very few, if any equals, but he can still find things amusing, even just in a mere sarcastic way. The Tywin we know from the books is always being in the "public eye" to his high council or children. Especially when we see him from Tyrion's POV he's hardly going to be a barrel of laugh. But he's as capable of humour as anyone and the odd wry smile adds a dimension to his character that might have been lacking otherwise.
1947	OliveJonSnow	2012-05-07	If they dont have Jon going over to the Wildings at Qhorin's orders, that will be a huge change.  His motivations will be far less noble than doing so  under orders.  And I dont think it wouild have taken much effort scriptwise, let Ygritte go, next scene they are surrounded by wildings and Qhorin sees the end and gives Jon  his orders.  just so they could put some dry humping in thereAgreed!  I'm hoping Ygritte and Jon find their way back to Qhorin Halfhand which will prompt the wildings to come looking for her/them.  I can't imagine how/why they would cut Qhorin commanding Jon to yield and do anything to prove his sincerity to the wildings.  I was disappointed to see Jon and Ygritte "spooning" already!  Jon had to be wore down in the book before he gave in.
1948	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-07	I dont like how Roose Bolton sounds... he sounds like he's announcing for an insurance commercial, like I'm in good hands with Roose.  I thought he had a little wimpy voice.  Also, his 'flayed man' crest on his chest, I got a good look at this week, I think it looks a little cheesy, just my opp there.Lastly, the spooning.  My wife who hasnt read the books yet was all excited, wow does that happen?  Uh no babe, this is HBO, they are trying to figure out how they can weave another sex scene into this series... lol, speaking of, did anyone notice the random breast during the peasant assault in KL's?  Some producer was sitting there thinking, now how do we get one more dirty shot in this episode, I got it!Doesn't bother me at all, she seduces him eventually so they're just making it happen slightly earlier.  As far as changes go this seems to be one of the more innocuous ones.
1949	7V3N	2012-05-07	Jaqen would not be so obvious. All of his assassinations--the three repayments, Pate--are subtle. The death of Amory Lorch (in the TV series) was obviously an assassination. I get that they were showing just how quickly a Faceless Man can get the job done, but this just seems too unlikely. Jaqen got Weese's own dog that he raised from a pup to kill him, which is just crazily awesome! I wish this death was kept true to the book.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 07 May 2012 - 06:36 PM.
1950	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	The scenes with Dany are also ridiculous.  Did she ever really say, "I will take what is mine with blood and fire!" this many times in the book?  It is sooooo annoying.Considering she never said those exact words even once in any of the books so far published, the simple answer is no, she did not. In fact, despite what the show might have you believe, the phrase â<U+0080><U+009C>what is mineâ<U+0080><U+009D> occurs once apiece in each of Clash and Storm.  The phrase â<U+0080><U+009C>mine by rightsâ<U+0080><U+009D> is slightly more common, but still comparatively rare:Clash: â<U+0080><U+009C>The Starks seek to steal half my kingdom, even as the Lannisters have stolen my throne and my own sweet brother the swords and service and strongholds that are mine by rights.Clash: The Iron Throne is mine by rights, but how am I to take it?Clash: I want only what is mine by rights.Clash: â<U+0080><U+009C>The Iron Throne is mine by rights.Clash: It is mine by rights.â<U+0080><U+009D>Clash: One last time, ser, I command you to open your gates, and deliver me that which is mine by rights.â<U+0080><U+009D>Storm: I want what is mine by rights.Dance: My fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seat is mine by rights.Not very much, eh? The phrase â<U+0080><U+009C>fire (SOMETHING) bloodâ<U+0080><U+009D> or â<U+0080><U+009C>blood (SOMETHING) fireâ<U+0080><U+009D> is more common.  Even more interesting, it sometimes appears in places (well, people) where you would not expect it.  For example, did you know Theon thought Ned was â<U+0080><U+009C>the man whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>d brought blood and fire to Pykeâ<U+0080><U+009D>? Curious, eh?  Here you go:Clash: â<U+0080><U+009C>They say it comes as a herald before a king, to warn of fire and blood to follow.â<U+0080><U+009D>Clash: The way she said it made him shiver, and when he asked what the comet meant, she answered, â<U+0080><U+009C>Blood and fire, boy, and nothing sweet.â<U+0080><U+009D>Clash: The Drowned God had made them to reave and rape, to carve out kingdoms and write their names in fire and blood and song.Clash: Lord Eddard had tried to play the father from time to time, but to Theon he had always remained the man whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>d brought blood and fire to Pyke and taken him from his home.Clash: She found his cloak on the floor, twisted up tight, the white wool stained by blood and fire.Storm: Blood and fire, thought Dany.Storm: â<U+0080><U+009C>Aegon the Conqueror brought fire and blood to Westeros, but afterward he gave them peace, prosperity, and justice.Feast: through a wasted land of mud and blood and fire.Feast: Prince Doran pressed the onyx dragon into her palm with his swollen, gouty fingers, and whispered, â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and blood.â<U+0080><U+009D>Feast: â<U+0080><U+009C>All Valyrian sorcery was rooted in blood or fire.Feast: The Targaryen words are Fire and Blood.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>The frightened child who sheltered in my manse died on the Dothraki sea, and was reborn in blood and fire.Dance: And of course there was even less chance of his coming on the fragmentary, anonymous, blood-soaked tome sometimes called Blood and Fire and sometimes The Death of Dragons, the only surviving copy of which was supposedly hidden away in a locked vault beneath the Citadel.Dance: No, she thought, out of blood and fire.Dance: You were born to serve them blood and fire.Dance: Elsewise, I fear, your reign must end as it began, in blood and fire.â<U+0080><U+009D>Dance: Custom and caution had an iron grip upon us till you awakened us with fire and blood.Dance: An empire built on blood and fire.Dance: The dragonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s words are fire and blood.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>For fire and blood.â<U+0080><U+009D>Dance: For fire and blood.â<U+0080><U+0099>Dance: An offering of blood and fire, the queenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s men called it, that the Lord of Light may turn his fiery eye upon us and melt these thrice-cursed snows.Dance: â<U+0080>Blood for fire, fire for blood.â<U+0080><U+0099>Dance: The prince lay abed, staring at his ceiling, dreaming without sleeping, remembering, imagining, twisting beneath his linen coverlet, his mind feverish with thoughts of fire and blood.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and blood,â<U+0080><U+009D> he whispered, â<U+0080><U+009C>blood and fire.â<U+0080><U+009D>Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and blood,â<U+0080><U+009D> said Barristan Selmy, softly, softly.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and Blood,â<U+0080><U+009D> Daenerys told the swaying grass.Dance: The Targaryen words are Fire and Blood.Go ahead, ask me about more. ;-}
1951	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-07	I find it laughable that IGN gave this episode a perfect TEN when it was clearly the weakest episode to date!
I think it deserved a 4 and only because of Arya/Tywin and the beginning scene in Winterfell.  And even that was fucked up because of them screwing up the history and having Theon decapitate Ser Rodrick.
What a horrible episode. I feel even worse that I woke up first thing this morning to download it with such anticipation.
I won't even get into Daenery's plot....ABSOLUTE JOKE.
HBO thinks they are so smart and think they are being cute by keeping the seasons down to 10 episodes. However its becoming more and more apparent that there is NOT ENOUGH TIME to adequately portray all the important events and introduce characters that matter.
Where are the Reeds?
EDIT: Tywin Lannister was awesome in the first season but yeah his portrayal is sorta "off" these last few episodes. Arya is definitely screaming "high born lady" to me.  
And are the show producers really going there and making it seem like Littlefinger realized Arya in that scene?   Cuz that didn't happen in the books.
					
					
							Edited by ThePrinceOfSunspear, 07 May 2012 - 07:03 PM.
1952	teemo	2012-05-07	Considering she never said those exact words even once in any of the books so far published, the simple answer is no, she did not. In fact, despite what the show might have you believe, the phrase â<U+0080><U+009C>what is mineâ<U+0080><U+009D> occurs once apiece in each of Clash and Storm.  The phrase â<U+0080><U+009C>mine by rightsâ<U+0080><U+009D> is slightly more common, but still comparatively rare:Clash: â<U+0080><U+009C>The Starks seek to steal half my kingdom, even as the Lannisters have stolen my throne and my own sweet brother the swords and service and strongholds that are mine by rights.Clash: The Iron Throne is mine by rights, but how am I to take it?Clash: I want only what is mine by rights.Clash: â<U+0080><U+009C>The Iron Throne is mine by rights.Clash: It is mine by rights.â<U+0080><U+009D>Clash: One last time, ser, I command you to open your gates, and deliver me that which is mine by rights.â<U+0080><U+009D>Storm: I want what is mine by rights.Dance: My fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s seat is mine by rights.Not very much, eh? The phrase â<U+0080><U+009C>fire (SOMETHING) bloodâ<U+0080><U+009D> or â<U+0080><U+009C>blood (SOMETHING) fireâ<U+0080><U+009D> is more common.  Even more interesting, it sometimes appears in places (well, people) where you would not expect it.  For example, did you know Theon thought Ned was â<U+0080><U+009C>the man whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>d brought blood and fire to Pykeâ<U+0080><U+009D>? Curious, eh?  Here you go:Clash: â<U+0080><U+009C>They say it comes as a herald before a king, to warn of fire and blood to follow.â<U+0080><U+009D>Clash: The way she said it made him shiver, and when he asked what the comet meant, she answered, â<U+0080><U+009C>Blood and fire, boy, and nothing sweet.â<U+0080><U+009D>Clash: The Drowned God had made them to reave and rape, to carve out kingdoms and write their names in fire and blood and song.Clash: Lord Eddard had tried to play the father from time to time, but to Theon he had always remained the man whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>d brought blood and fire to Pyke and taken him from his home.Clash: She found his cloak on the floor, twisted up tight, the white wool stained by blood and fire.Storm: Blood and fire, thought Dany.Storm: â<U+0080><U+009C>Aegon the Conqueror brought fire and blood to Westeros, but afterward he gave them peace, prosperity, and justice.Feast: through a wasted land of mud and blood and fire.Feast: Prince Doran pressed the onyx dragon into her palm with his swollen, gouty fingers, and whispered, â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and blood.â<U+0080><U+009D>Feast: â<U+0080><U+009C>All Valyrian sorcery was rooted in blood or fire.Feast: The Targaryen words are Fire and Blood.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>The frightened child who sheltered in my manse died on the Dothraki sea, and was reborn in blood and fire.Dance: And of course there was even less chance of his coming on the fragmentary, anonymous, blood-soaked tome sometimes called Blood and Fire and sometimes The Death of Dragons, the only surviving copy of which was supposedly hidden away in a locked vault beneath the Citadel.Dance: No, she thought, out of blood and fire.Dance: You were born to serve them blood and fire.Dance: Elsewise, I fear, your reign must end as it began, in blood and fire.â<U+0080><U+009D>Dance: Custom and caution had an iron grip upon us till you awakened us with fire and blood.Dance: An empire built on blood and fire.Dance: The dragonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s words are fire and blood.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>For fire and blood.â<U+0080><U+009D>Dance: For fire and blood.â<U+0080><U+0099>Dance: An offering of blood and fire, the queenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s men called it, that the Lord of Light may turn his fiery eye upon us and melt these thrice-cursed snows.Dance: â<U+0080>Blood for fire, fire for blood.â<U+0080><U+0099>Dance: The prince lay abed, staring at his ceiling, dreaming without sleeping, remembering, imagining, twisting beneath his linen coverlet, his mind feverish with thoughts of fire and blood.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and blood,â<U+0080><U+009D> he whispered, â<U+0080><U+009C>blood and fire.â<U+0080><U+009D>Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and blood,â<U+0080><U+009D> said Barristan Selmy, softly, softly.Dance: â<U+0080><U+009C>Fire and Blood,â<U+0080><U+009D> Daenerys told the swaying grass.Dance: The Targaryen words are Fire and Blood.Go ahead, ask me about more. ;-}Hah, thanks for that.  It is seriously the most annoying quote in the show...and the way that HBO keeps pumping up that line to make Dany look like such a badass is obnoxious.  If I could, I would jump in the show every time she says and get in a cat fight with her.  SHUT UP!  lol.  How are you going to take what is yours with blood and fire in that room??? With your baby dragons and your tiny khas???  Geez.D&D quite clearly think they are more clever than GRRM.  If they didn't, they wouldn't make such minor changes all of the time.  I've always feared that they were going to deviate more and more from the show until it was almost unrecognizable, and they're right on their way to that.  Switching around Dany's story from something boring to stupid....whatever.  I understand how they have to change around some things to squeeze everything into 10 episodes,  but changing the minor things is what annoys me most and seems really unnecessary.  Like Ygritte pleading for her life, Tywin talking to his cupbearer like they're good friends, Amory Lorch just dropping dead in the doorway.....WHY?!  Plus, I wanted to see him get eaten by a big black bear, like Yoren /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Also, the books make the show look like Disney Land, especially Arya's storyline.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 07 May 2012 - 07:25 PM.
1953	boojam	2012-05-07	What the deal with Irri?Is she dead? Wounded? Knocked out.(Get a better contract for a different show?)Dany was already down to just two hand maidens, can't see the sense of reducing it down one more.Silver was an odd turn, well that damned horse budget again.But this does not make sense.
1954	congokong	2012-05-07	I was rocking back and forth this episode yelling "NO! WHY!?" when they kept unnecessarily changing things and adding plots (missing dragons, Jon/Ygritte getting lost together).
Can we even nitpick anymore? The show is changing radically this season. Why? Have the writers said? Last season was very faithful to the books, so why has this season gone off into completely new scenes/dialogue/plots; with characters being offed before their time like Amory Lorch, the Tickler, and Sir Roderick.
And then there are the little changes. Why wasn't it Theon's idea to take Winterfell? And now that guy (Dagmar?) seems to be calling the shots. Did he say "pay the iron price" in reference to killing Roderick? Is that even how the term is used? Why did Quorin declare Ygritte had to die?
Also, too often in the show has the rationality of the "kings/queens" been questioned; almost like the thoughts of the audience are being put into the show. But the books never had logically fallacies like "Aegon had no right the throne when he took it" being spoken, unlike the show.
I'm just disappointed this year as the writers' egos have grown enormously and they clearly feel they can do a better job than GRRM.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 07 May 2012 - 07:28 PM.
1955	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	I find it hard to believe that Tywin would be that talkative to his cupbearer.  And wouldn't he become like....hugely suspicious that she can read?  Also, Tywin smiles and yells in the show.  Not doing those things is one of his trademarks in the books.Smiles?  Lord Tywin Lannister smiles?I think not.  Watch the scenes again, carefully. Pause the play at any point where you think that Tywin is smiling, or laughing, or chuckling, and look very carefully. He most definitely is not smiling! At most there is a wry grimmace that threatens to smile, a threat that is â<U+0080><U+009C>terrible to beholdâ<U+0080><U+009D>. â<U+0080><U+009C>The Crag is not so far from Tarbeck Hall and Castamere,â<U+0080><U+009D> Tyrion pointed out. â<U+0080><U+009C>Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d think the Westerlings might have ridden past and seen the lesson there.â<U+0080><U+009D>  â<U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps they have,â<U+0080><U+009D> Lord Tywin said. â<U+0080><U+009C>They are well aware of Castamere, I promise you.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Could the Westerlings and Spicers be such great fools as to believe the wolf can defeat the lion?â<U+0080><U+009D> Every once in a very long while, Lord Tywin Lannister would actually threaten to smile; he never did, but the threat alone was terrible to behold. â<U+0080><U+009C>The greatest fools are ofttimes more clever than the men who laugh at them,â<U+0080><U+009D> he said, and then, â<U+0080><U+009C>You will marry Sansa Stark, Tyrion. And soon.â<U+0080><U+009D>Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all that happens here, too. Each time it happens, it is frightening in the extreme.  And it is nothing more than a threat. There was never a smile.As for yelling, Tywin indeed in this episode raises his voice once, and he also  here yells once.  But come now, I do believe we can excuse his yelling: his bannerman had just been murdered (nearly) in Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own presence. Calling for guards in a true yell was completely appropriate at that point.  How else are they to have heard him, since they were demonstrably so far from their posts that they have just let Ser Amory be murdered at Lord Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s very threshhold?  Surely that deserves a yell!As for the other, Tywin raises his voice in a pique of anger bordering on rage that the blundering stupidity of oneof his illiterate bannerman  had nearly put his sonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life in jeopardy. This is the very same thing that made him rage in the first season: â<U+0080><U+009C>THEY HAVE MY SON!â<U+0080><U+009D>Perhaps you confuse a commanding voice for yelling, and perhaps you confuse smiling with its terrible threat.  If you carefully review all his scenes, as I have myself just now done for this very purpose, you will see quite clearly Tywin never smiled nor laughed, and his voice was raised in exactly the same situation as once he had done so before.Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s nothing to see here.  Move along now.  These are not the smiles you are looking for. You want smiling? Look at Littlefingerâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scene. Littlefinger smiles, and wholly inappropriately, too.
1956	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	Tywin smiling is INEXCUSABLEThat COMPLETELY goes against his character in the book. UTTERLY AND COMPLETELYThat never happened.
1957	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-07	Well, I don't mind the Lorch death except for the execution (haha) of it.  They are obviously not going to have a bear on the show, heck, they probably won't even have the brave companions on the shows. So they might as well have Arya kill him. But the manner of his death is just so unrealistic.
1958	teemo	2012-05-07	I don't know.  It looks like smiling to me.  We can argue over what constitutes a smile, but that seems pointless. *shrug*
1959	Milcov	2012-05-07	Jon and Ygritte was the most annoying for me, that and the Spice Trader in Qarth.
1960	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-07	Ummm....
Jon not wearing a hat while everybody else wears hats with ear flaps or Inuit style parka clothing while trudging across glaciers?
And his hair so full of body and luxuriant rather than matted down in snow and ice while trudging around hatless in said conditions?
1961	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-07	It did seem like Tywin smiled in that episode....
Going back to re watch his scenes....will report later....
1962	7V3N	2012-05-07	Jon and Ygritte was the most annoying for me, that and the Spice Trader in Qarth.I would have had a problem, but the scene was not far out of character like they have done with Littlefinger.I don't know.  It looks like smiling to me.  We can argue over what constitutes a smile, but that seems pointless. *shrug*Here you see Charles Dance smiling.Here you see him as Tywin, "threatening to smile" (my opinion).^Sorry for how dark it is. It's a direct screenshot from the episode on HBOgo. And I just noticed that you can see me increasing the brightness. Oops haha!
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 07 May 2012 - 08:48 PM.
1963	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-07	Well, I don't mind the Lorch death except for the execution (haha) of it.  They are obviously not going to have a bear on the show, heck, they probably won't even have the brave companions on the shows. So they might as well have Arya kill him. But the manner of his death is just so unrealistic.Jaqen is a faceless man, one who's trade holds a vast fount of secrecy. I think it's a bit odd to have realistic means of assassination as a prerequisite.
1964	Greatjoe Unchained	2012-05-07	Why does Sandor Clegane have a sword across his back AND another in his hand when he carries back Sansa from the riot?
When I saw it I said: "Ouch, I hope she doesn't get a hit in the face by the sword, wait, The Hound has two swords?"
I guess he could have picked one up from somewhere. The fact that he had a sword instead of the dagger could be a continuity mistake--a personal pet peeve of mine (hence the nitpicking).
1965	7V3N	2012-05-07	Why does Sandor Clegane have a sword across his back AND another in his hand when he carries back Sansa from the riot?When I saw it I said: "Ouch, I hope she doesn't get a hit in the face by the sword, wait, The Hound has two swords?"I guess he could have picked one up from somewhere. The fact that he had a sword instead of the dagger could be a continuity mistake--a personal pet peeve of mine (hence the nitpicking).My friend noticed that too! My excuse was he probably carries a one-handed sword on his belt when he needs his other hand, and another across his back for when shit gets real.
1966	Morrigan	2012-05-07	IT WAS A TYPO - I do NOT believe that D&D are better writers than GRRM.Oh, shit. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Well, I'm glad to know that, and I withdraw the "you are dead to me" comment, hehe. This thread warms my heart. <3
1967	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	Here you see Charles Dance smiling.Here you see him as Tywin, "threatening to smile" (my opinion).Just so.
1968	VicAceR	2012-05-07	Nothing to do with Jon or Tywin, but did you notice in the riot scene, the death of the High Septon ? It looks like the crowd is eating him... And I still don't know how they got his arm off so fast.Btw, nothing justifies the lack of horses. It reminds me of the crapiest scene of S01 : Renly, Selmy & Robert hunting, alone, with only one spear. They should have shot the riot scene in another way, manage to put horses in it.For the other characters :Jon looks a little (?) stupid with his execution and his spooning.Ygritte is fine, I've fallen in love with the character already.Tywin can IMHO smile like this but it was a little too much for just a serving girl (and the sweet memories part, wtf ...).The whole Talysa/Westerling thing is ... damn crap (since the beginning). It makes Robb look like a teenager, in a bad way. That and the "Oh, my mom just came back with a huge lady-knight from an enemy king's camp, in which she saw the said king being murdered by a shadow ... I will first tell her about my crush !!"The Hound was ... a little too strongTheon is great and so was the beheading scene but even if we can guess that Rodrick let some men stationned in Thorren's Square and just got back with a few men who got ambushed ... Not a hint in all the episodes, just the same that for the "they killed Rodrick" Raven to Robb.And anyway, Theon has ... what ? 30 men ? And he sends enough men outside the castle to capture Rodrick ? Something is wrong.And Osha is ridiculous ! She plays 4 roles ... It just sucks ... Erotico-Mystico-Schemo-Wildling.Dany actually sucks in this episode, the actress is great but ... Why turn Daenerys of the house Targaryen,Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms andKhaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, into a childish whiny teenage girl ?Come on ... The girl got sold to a Khal, had a baby, lost the baby, lost the Khal, Had Dragons, travelled through the Dothraki Sea and the Red Waste with only a handful of men ... And she repeats every 10 minutes : "I will take what is mine, with FIRE AND BLOOD !Â§Â§!".They killed Lorche in a stupid way. The Dart ... Come on !E05 was sure better than this one, even if it does have interesting scenes.
					
					
							Edited by VicAceR, 07 May 2012 - 08:38 PM.
1969	7V3N	2012-05-07	snipHey new best friend, get out of my head. I agree with just about everything you said.Except I like any screen time that they give the Hound. I love the character and just want to see him as much as possible.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 07 May 2012 - 08:44 PM.
1970	boojam	2012-05-07	Jaqen is a faceless man, one who's trade holds a vast fount of secrecy. I think it's a bit odd to have realistic means of assassination as a prerequisite.But that's also taught to Arya in Braavos, it's the FM super stealth that is their secret weapon.... we are not sure yet what their other secrets are.
1971	Pliny	2012-05-07	To Great Dayne and others;I would put forward that Tywin has his suspicions of Arya being high born, thus the questions. But I doubt he thinks Arya is actually a Stark. He see's her as no threat at all in any real sense, but with her dressing as a lad and obviously being sharp of wit and being a natural survivor he likes her, he can admire in her certain traits and characteristics that he can relate to. Cersi isn't clever, she's got a shallow mind, but she's pretty and that's what she was there for, Jamie was his perfect boy, with whom he had a flaw (his apparent dyslexia) and metaphorically beat it out of him. Tyrion is a curse from the Gods maybe (in his eyes)? He is an out and out patriarch and as so needs to be a fatherly figure to someone. Not in a heavy handed way, not in a way that he actually cares about the cup-girl, but he sees himself as a leader, teacher and such and as so he uses this cup girl to full fill his self appointed role.Plus he speaks honestly and openly to his cup-girl as A) She wouldn't dare tell anyone B)Everyone needs someone to talk to and it's lonely at the top.I've been getting this impression too. The actress playing Ygritte is making her more likable than in the books, in my opinion, but I don't like the setup- as others have pointed out, it makes Jon seem... petulant? arrogant? a turncloak? I can't settle on the correct description, but I get the feeling that others are feeling the same way. It's not sitting well with me.
1972	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	If I am not mistaken the Dog left some guy alive when he rescued Sansa
1973	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	WRT Dany, being a petulant teenager, in the books occassionally she does act like a petulant teenager, for instance her crush on Dario
1974	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-07	I miss Beth Cassel.  It made the fall of Winterfull so much more traumatic.
1975	kairparavel	2012-05-07	Every time I make a concession for a change something else happens. Give an inch and they take a mile.
Speed up Arya to Harrenhall. Ok.
Arya is Tywin's cupbearer. WTF?
Arya is Tywin's cupbearer. Ok
Tywin engages in conversation with his cupbearer. WTF?
Littlefinger arrives in Harrenhall. WTF?
Littlefinger seemingly recognizes Arya but keeps it to himself. WTFF?
I'd like to send Peter Dinklage around with a list of people to slap. He does it quite well.
And I hate/loathe/despise/bemoan/wail and thrash in angst/wring my hands/gnash my teeth over Alfie Allen as Theon. How do people think he's so great? He's so pure awful in my eyes I want to cry. He and Loras and The Hound and Shae kill me every time they are on screen. Argh.
I'm disappointed by so much it makes it hard to enjoy the little things that I do: Arya, Robb, Davos, Jorah, and now Ygritte.
1976	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	arya the cupbearer is clearly high born cause she says My Lord instead of M'lord, didnt anyone learn anything from Lord Bolton's lessons!?
1977	kungtotte	2012-05-07	Littlefinger keeping his knowledge of Arya to himself is perfectly in line with his character.
1978	Magjee	2012-05-08	Not episode specific.
Asha is a main character, has her own POV, but they change her name.
Osha is a side character who disappears for 2 books and yet she gets a larger role.
*grinds teeth*
1979	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	I think they're seriously overusing Littlefinger. At least this time he's not threatening prostitutes to show how *evil* he is, but still. Besides Tyrion and Arya, he's had the most screen-time out of all characters for episodes 1-5 (thanks hk47 for the info). He's had more screen-time than Sansa and Bran combined. That's just wrong. Also I'm wondering what's going to happen to Irri. She's supposed to hang around until Dance at least (though Jhiqui was apparently killed in favour of Doreah).
1980	Lord Over	2012-05-08	A silly nitpick, I know, but I didn't like the fact that they've showed us Myrcella crying.
Tyrion remarks how she is a true Lannister for facing her departure with courage...and the exchange between her and Tommen was heartbreaking.
I suppose it's logical because most viewers would go 'WTF' if she didn't cry and it's not a big deal but Myrcella is one of my favorite non-POV characters that I'd like to know more about. We've explored almost every Lannister, from Kevan to Lancel to Tywin's sister but we never got to see what goes on in her head. That little nugget was a fun find for me. Really hope we see more of her in TWOW.
1981	DragonSpawn	2012-05-08	I had a mix of love / hate in this episode...The 2nd death where Jacquen in the books apparently poisioned the dog to attack it's master was replaced by a very potent poison dart - which despite the change i actually loved. Jacquen is amazing, he has a brilliant aura about him! it also conveys that Arya doesn't put up with nonsense from him, which in the books is conveyed in the third death, after so much tension it was a nice bit of comic relief. So i can see how they have jiggled it around to make it work without having to develop the stories of loads of random sub characters. Good work D&D - that must have been bloody tricky to do! Littlefinger most definately did not recognise Arya ... but the tension was brilliant. I'm actually liking Tywin more and more coz he keeps being nice to Arya and rude to all his own men! He still needs to get the fuck of out of Harrenhall sharpish though!With regards to LF - this interaction definately took place in the books but there was no POV to cover it and it took place while Tywin was storming back to KL... LF does get about during this time - although i didn't like the interaction with Cat previously. Although maybe it's to indicate a softer side to Cat which will help the viewer see the difference between her and Stoneheart later down the line. With Tywin and Littlefinger sat talking together i really got the impression LF was a Lannister for some reason... who was that older Lannister that disappeared to the free cities in search of the lost Lannister valyrian sword? the one who never took the game seriously and didn't like living in Tywins shadow...? hhhmmm... something for the theories threads...If Roose Bolton  / the Bloody Mummers don't end up in Harrenhall in the next episode i will be very distraught! As it will mean they have completely re-written the story for all characters with the exception of Tyrion which is still relatively close to GRRMS version. If they keep adding in Joffrey slaps too - i got no problem with that! But i wanted to see Arya as Roose's cupbearer too to get a better feel for his darker side. If they can waste so much screen time on irrelevant whores then D&D can develop some of the stronger and vastly more significant characters like the bloody mummers and Edmure Tulley IMHO. Roose adds nothing to Robbs scenes so why bother keeping him there at all - i just don't see the point.I don't know what's going on with Jon Snow and Ygritte... i'm sure the way it's played out is to stop the viewer from bad-mouthing Jon for letting her go easily and then have them get attacked by a bunch of Wildlings... it could easily be seen as his fault... i think it was in the books but maybe on-screen we are missing too much of Jon's inner thoughts for a viewer to understand he had no choice... but my major nitpick with this is that: Ygritte was way too clean!!!! it didn't ring true at all.Still no sign of Orells Deathawk / Hellcrow... although i thought at one point the sound effect of a hawk circling above could be heard - which may be a nod to it. And this brings me to my other key nitpick - the episode title... would have been much more fitting for the last episode... if you call it the old gods and the new... then why leave out Jon and Ghost's connection... Orells Deathawk / Hellcrow... all conversations involving Quorin explaining that he wants Jon along because of his connection with the Old gods. Title probably should have been swapped with the last episode.I loved Theons scenes - there were changes, but they worked really well... and i was gritting my teeth before he took off Ser Rodricks head... coz i just knew they were going to make that the messy death that we could have missed out on from the books! BUT.... going back to the stupid / pointless Roose story line changes... what a way to drag down Robbs character even further... sending the bastard of the Dreadfort to take back Winterfell... that's a fuck up they have put on Robbs head instead of Theons... Boooo!!!! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Major nitpick - Danys story-line. They left out most of the crossing of the red waste... a deeply traumatic and challenging harship that all her followers went though as an act of faith in their Khaleesi and the mother of Dragons. GRRM rewards them in the books with some peace and refreshment and a turn-around in fortune when she reaches Q(u)arth. Despite not getting the ships she wants in the end.... Quarth was meant to be the 'metaphorical' cool refreshing pint at the end of a long hard day of travelling... (an engrossing style of writing that was employed a lot by Tolkein). D&D in some fit of madness... left out the full red waste story and then realised there was no payoff in Q(u)arth. So they rewarded Dany's followers by completely killing them all off... all her handmaids all her Dothraki bar a couple of randoms, and had her Dragons stolen!!!! :Facepalm!!!!: As for Dany getting all desperate and full of herself in her attempt to acquire ships... this kinda did happen in the books off screen in various different parts that were summed up in this episode, so no issue there - she's still learning to be a queen not a khaleesi - so i expect a few more weird scenes like that from her... but the dragons being stolen was a bad move... i have heard others say they are sick of the line "blood and fire" already - me too... but i expect that to be used a thousand more times once she gets her dragons back... as she can't not be pissed off with Q(u)arth for allowing her dragons to be taken (i think this is why they made Pyatt Pree one of the 13 - so she would be pissed at them all and not just the Warlocks) ... all in all though - hated the Dany scenes... D&D are being very impatient with stuff happening with her... they messed up the red waste and looks like we will pay for it in every Dany epsiode till the end of the series now /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> ETA: Ser Rodrick died after the letter was sent by Maester Luwin - so how would Roose have known..? Need to re-watch episode to see if 'Reek' is hiding in the background somewhere... otherwise - poor continuity of story... almost as bad as Mel giving birth to her shadow beneath storms end... it was a great scene - exactly as it was in the book... except for the massive blunder with the locale.
					
					
							Edited by DragonSpawn, 08 May 2012 - 09:33 AM.
1982	Storms End	2012-05-08	I think they're seriously overusing Littlefinger. At least this time he's not threatening prostitutes to show how *evil* he is, but still. Besides Tyrion and Arya, he's had the most screen-time out of all characters for episodes 1-5 (thanks hk47 for the info). He's had more screen-time than Sansa and Bran combined. That's just wrong.Also I'm wondering what's going to happen to Irri. She's supposed to hang around until Dance at least (though Jhiqui was apparently killed in favour of Doreah).Sansa/Bran story is pretty trash in clash, Sansa just hangs around getting random beatings from Joffery and Bran just dreams untill Theon arrives, Doesn't make for good television, nor a good adaption, it'd be terrible, seeing what Littlefinger is up to is much more interesting.
1983	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	Talisa sucks. I don't even care if she's a spy. The premise of her story (spunky girl wearing rags mouths off to the noble king; noble king falls in love) is precisely the contrived "budding romance" that GRRM wanted to avert at all costs to begin with.
I don't like you, "Lady" Talisa. I don't like your face. I don't like the words that come oozing out of your mouth. I don't want you in my tent one minute more than necessary.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 08 May 2012 - 07:53 AM.
1984	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-08	And I hate/loathe/despise/bemoan/wail and thrash in angst/wring my hands/gnash my teeth over Alfie Allen as Theon. How do people think he's so great? He's so pure awful in my eyes I want to cry. He and Loras and The Hound and Shae kill me every time they are on screen. Argh.I'm disappointed by so much it makes it hard to enjoy the little things that I do: Arya, Robb, Davos, Jorah, and now Ygritte.It's not just you, I really don't rate Alfie Allen. I want to like his portrayal of Theon but it's so wooden. He doesn't convey enough emotion for me and all his lines sound like he's reading the script for the first time.
1985	insertname	2012-05-08	Every time I make a concession for a change something else happens. Give an inch and they take a mile.Speed up Arya to Harrenhall. Ok.Arya is Tywin's cupbearer. WTF?Arya is Tywin's cupbearer. OkTywin engages in conversation with his cupbearer. WTF?Littlefinger arrives in Harrenhall. WTF?Littlefinger seemingly recognizes Arya but keeps it to himself. WTFF?I'd like to send Peter Dinklage around with a list of people to slap. He does it quite well.And I hate/loathe/despise/bemoan/wail and thrash in angst/wring my hands/gnash my teeth over Alfie Allen as Theon. How do people think he's so great? He's so pure awful in my eyes I want to cry. He and Loras and The Hound and Shae kill me every time they are on screen. Argh.I'm disappointed by so much it makes it hard to enjoy the little things that I do: Arya, Robb, Davos, Jorah, and now Ygritte.It would be absolutely not like Littlefinger to recognize Arya and give that information to Tywin. He would wait until the very best moment to use it. I don't see why this bothers you?As for Tywin, to be honest, I don't think we get enough, and more important, objective, information about Tywin to be able to clearly say that he wouldn't engage in conversation with Arya. It definitely fits with the Show character and imo with the book character as well.
1986	Silverx2	2012-05-08	1.) Who ever is the wildling dentist has incredible talent. Did you see the chompers on ygritte? Flawless and pearly white.
2.) ygritte runs like a duck waddles. go ahead and watch it again she waddles as she runs.
3.) "oh i didnt even notice that time" i laughed.
4.) "Where are my dragons?!?!?" is the new "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO" from revenge of the sith
5.) Sandors killing of three guys was really REALLY cheesily done, like something you would expect to see on a scifi movie like megashark.
6.) I like Lady Talisa, Shes quite a lovely young lass.
7.) Technically speaking, yes bran and rickon are princes's because robbs a king now.
This episode was very middle of the road for me. I liked everything north of the wall, I like Arya's scenes and how little finger when he got a look at her, was looking as much as he could to verify yes, that is ned starks little girl. But i wanted Sandors rescue to be a little less cheesy, Joff needed two slaps one for being an idiot, and one for being cruel.
1987	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	My problem with the Tywin Arya story is that it represents all of the guts that have been ripped from the book. It is a brutal shortcut to characterization and storytelling.  And it cuts out so much of the great characters and their izations.  THe bloody mummers, Lorch, etc.
1988	My Little Kraken	2012-05-08	1.) Who ever is the wildling dentist has incredible talent. Did you see the chompers on ygritte? Flawless and pearly white.I think this is one of the reasons why I like the older actors so much more.  Some of the younger ones have such perfect teeth.  Dany's teeth bug me also.  I know she is supposed to be ridiculously beautiful and all, but her teeth look so white, even and oddly thick whenever she's bellowing about something (which is half the time she's on screen).
1989	Silverx2	2012-05-08	I think this is one of the reasons why I like the older actors so much more.  Some of the younger ones have such perfect teeth.  Dany's teeth bug me also.  I know she is supposed to be ridiculously beautiful and all, but her teeth look so white, even and oddly thick whenever she's bellowing about something (which is half the time she's on screen).Danny i can live with, shes a princess and has been living with illirio. Yrgitte has been living in the frozen tundra.
1990	Evamitchelle	2012-05-08	Sansa/Bran story is pretty trash in clash, Sansa just hangs around getting random beatings from Joffery and Bran just dreams untill Theon arrives, Doesn't make for good television, nor a good adaption, it'd be terrible, seeing what Littlefinger is up to is much more interesting.I also think that Littlefinger is interesting in the books. In the show he spends half his time being a pimp and the other half a complete moron ("hey Cersei let me tell you around witnesses how I know about the secret that would cost you the throne and your children's life. you know, the one I helped you killed Ned Stark for" or "hey Cat I know that your husband died like two weeks ago and that I've been lying to you about a whole lot of things but I totes love you so marry me maybe ?). And I used Sansa and Bran as examples only. He also had more screen-time than Davos, Daenerys, Theon, Catelyn and Jon. You know, POV characters. Or maybe their storylines were trash in clash too ?
1991	Great Dayne	2012-05-08	A silly nitpick, I know, but I didn't like the fact that they've showed us Myrcella crying.Tyrion remarks how she is a true Lannister for facing her departure with courage...and the exchange between her and Tommen was heartbreaking.I suppose it's logical because most viewers would go 'WTF' if she didn't cry and it's not a big deal but Myrcella is one of my favorite non-POV characters that I'd like to know more about. We've explored almost every Lannister, from Kevan to Lancel to Tywin's sister but we never got to see what goes on in her head. That little nugget was a fun find for me. Really hope we see more of her in TWOW.Forgot about that, but I agree.  I liked how Myrcella was the tough one in the books and it was an interesting twist.  I know this is television and not the books and I have no problem with a lot of the changes (except Tywin, see above), but all it would take was Myrcella not crying and one comment from Tyrion to stay true to her character.  People watching television without the knowledge of the books are not completely lost.
1992	Dread Pirate Euron	2012-05-08	-I'm not happy with Jon's storyline changes. They've changed him from dark, brooding, and talented to incompetent and emo. They literally could have let Ygritte go and the scene would have been fundamentally the same but instead we got a lame spooning scene.
-I'm losing faith that the Bloody Mummers will ever appear. I already know that the Reeds are gone.
- I think Littlefinger is actually from the 23rd century and has a teleporter.
-Talisa-Robb is stupid. It's making me excited for the RW.
-Dany's changes don't bother me (besides the fact that she's acting like Viserys constantly with this blood and fire business). Her Red Waste bit was expressed enough and Quarth wasn't all that interesting except for the House of the Undying and Belwas/Barristan. At least now there's some suspense. My only hope is that she goes through Meereen like she does the Red Waste.
1993	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	My friend noticed that too! My excuse was he probably carries a one-handed sword on his belt when he needs his other hand, and another across his back for when shit gets real.He's been carrying two since he was introduced - not sure if it is just to increase the badass factor or not, I don't think he even used it when he faced off against his brother at the joust, but that I might just not remember clearly enough.
1994	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	Would the series have really suffered if they minimized Dany this season and used that time for other characters
From this season Dany should have been limited to the following scenes
1. In red waste
2. In abandoned city meeting Qarth reps
3. In XXDs house
4. Meeting with the 13
5. Going to HotU
6. Meeting Belwas Barristan
Some transitional scenes of short duration and that is all you need for Dany this season
but she is of course a MAIN CHARACTER and if they dont have some false suspense people will forget her
Except today's viewers are more sophisticated than that, we can actually remember from a season ago.
Instead we get this forced bs storyline that damages her character, takes away from other critical stories and adds nothing to the show
BOOOOOOOOO
1995	Kittykatknits	2012-05-08	Talisa sucks. I don't even care if she's a spy. The premise of her story (spunky girl wearing rags mouths off to the noble king; noble king falls in love) is precisely the contrived "budding romance" that GRRM wanted to avert at all costs to begin with.I don't like you, "Lady" Talisa. I don't like your face. I don't like the words that come oozing out of your mouth. I don't want you in my tent one minute more than necessary.I couldnt' have said this better. Their relationship and her character are exactly what Martin was trying to avoid.She's sassy. I hate sassy.My other nitpick is Dany this season. Everytime I hear her say that she will take what is hers with fire and blood, I just want to slap her. I've enjoyed watching The Spicer talk to her. Probably the only part of her storyline I've enjoyed this season.
1996	7V3N	2012-05-08	He's been carrying two since he was introduced - not sure if it is just to increase the badass factor or not, I don't think he even used it when he faced off against his brother at the joust, but that I might just not remember clearly enough.He used a greatsword on his back against Gregor in the book, IIRC.
1997	Davos55	2012-05-08	If Irri is actually dead I will be devestated! Why kill her..please explain that to me..why? IT IS KNOWN..she is alive and I still believe she will survive until the end of the book series. Killing her is just lame and trying to add this drama to Dany's storyline is really unnecessary.
Somehow I dislike Talisa even more than ever after this episode, which I didn't think was possible after her introduction. Robb's obvious swooning over her in front of ALL of his bannerman and soldiers is just utterly ridiculous.  Also, did he really not ask Cat who the GIANT woman behind her with a sword was..or about what happened with Renly?!?!?!?!?!? He was just like..oh hey mom good to see you..I am just chilling here..no problems..oh here is this awesome girl Talisa! I tend to doubt GRRM enjoyed this exchange.
I won't even get into Jon's storyline in this episode because it just riles me up thinking about it. I am holding onto hope that what happens in the novels will still happen..but was this change really necessary? I feel like Vanessa Taylor loves to have these strong women characters have prevalent parts in her episodes and be all sassy and over the top.  We will get to know Ygritte eventually..give it some time..no need to have this stuff happen right now.
Thank the old gods and the new that the Bastard was finally mentioned..it is about time!!! Though I am worried that the Reek aspect won't play into things, which is disappointing to say the least.
On a different note, Sandor is a boss and his scenes were epic.  Also, SHAGGYDOG finally showed up!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 08 May 2012 - 09:31 PM.
1998	Chise	2012-05-08	As much as I actually like seeing Tywin in Harrenhal, him being so BFFs with Arya is annoying me more than a keyboard smashing of random keys can ever describe!
Also Littlefinger is seriously gettin around, while apparently his brain is usually 20ft behind. One scene he's super-amazing, then the writers go "oh darn, our audience must have ADD and already forgot how much of a heartless scheming dick this guy is... info-dump thats completely outta chara time!!"
1999	FantA´me	2012-05-08	I have a question. It's been a while so it might just be me confusing things but, wasn't the marriage between Margaery and Joffrey Tyrion's idea?
2000	Reposado	2012-05-08	My nitpick, is how close to the door to the castle was during the riot.When it starts to go bad, they are about 5 feet from the castle door. they couldve just used a little hustle.and um, why is this formal procession returning to the castle by such a small side door?
2001	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	If they dont have Jon going over to the Wildings at Qhorin's orders, that will be a huge change.  His motivations will be far less noble than doing so  under orders.  And I dont think it wouild have taken much effort scriptwise, let Ygritte go, next scene they are surrounded by wildings and Qhorin sees the end and gives Jon  his orders.  just so they could put some dry humping in thereWell, unfortunately this is the price you pay with HBO - bless 'em.  They think we ladies want to see bits of romance in a big gritty drama.  Shout-out to HBO - we don't!!!!  We really don't need lots of romance.  We really don't want to be pandered to because it's pretty Kit or pretty Richard and we want to see them paired up and 'shipped'.  I'm a blood a guts gal, meself; a grown-up.  I can't wait for Blackwater.Seriously though - I do think there's an element of 'we must cater for the ladies' in this, guys and gals.  And it's patronising as hell to me, personally - don't know about the other females here.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 08 May 2012 - 01:52 PM.
2002	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	As much as I actually like seeing Tywin in Harrenhal, him being so BFFs with Arya is annoying me more than a keyboard smashing of random keys can ever describe!I kind of like Arya and Tywin's synergy. Tywin's losing the war, and he clearly feels he's surrounded by idiots. Making formal small-talk with an intelligent cupbearer might be a nice respite from losing battles all day.
2003	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	It's not just you, I really don't rate Alfie Allen. I want to like his portrayal of Theon but it's so wooden. He doesn't convey enough emotion for me and all his lines sound like he's reading the script for the first time.Thank you, thank you!  When I read so many people saying he's Emmy material, I just die inside.  He'd be way under the radar of a BAFTA too, I'll tell ya!  I try to be generous, thinking that I have always read Theon in the books as the character he's playing - boastful but unsure etc. etc.  But there really is no excuse for his delivery.  It's AWFUL.  I wonder if they shouldn't have left him with his own original accent (Balon and Yara/Asha have moderate South England accents, and Alfie's a natural Londoner).  I know he's been up north for 9 years, but I could have forgiven that if it meant he didn;t have to struggle with the accent on top of everything else - I do think that might be adding to his delivery problems.
2004	7V3N	2012-05-08	Thank you, thank you!  When I read so many people saying he's Emmy material, I just die inside.  He'd be way under the radar of a BAFTA too, I'll tell ya!  I try to be generous, thinking that I have always read Theon in the books as the character he's playing - boastful but unsure etc. etc.  But there really is no excuse for his delivery.  It's AWFUL.  I wonder if they shouldn't have left him with his own original accent (Balon and Yara/Asha have moderate South England accents, and Alfie's a natural Londoner).  I know he's been up north for 9 years, but I could have forgiven that if it meant he didn;t have to struggle with the accent on top of everything else - I do think that might be adding to his delivery problems.Can you be more specific about his "delivery problems" because if it's what I think you are referring to, I see it as a perfect display of facial expression (esp with his eyes) conveying how conflicted Theon is with about everything he does (or has to do).
2005	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	I'm glad someone else has a prob with Spicey.  Yep, they've made our Dany into a raving loon experiencing permanent PMT, but I think Spicer's  constant 'I am a self-made man, aren't I cool?, I don't have illustrious ancestors, kid' also just as petulant.  He's done it twice now.  They needed Cat Stark in the scene to bang their heads together.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 08 May 2012 - 02:15 PM.
2006	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	Can you be more specific about his "delivery problems" because if it's what I think you are referring to, I see it as a perfect display of facial expression (esp with his eyes) conveying how conflicted Theon is with about everything he does (or has to do).No, Shadow - 'delivery' is his speaking of the lines.  I do think he does OK with his facial expressions, to be fair - but it is how he delivers his lines that's a huge problem for me.  The woodenness (?sp) is in his voice.  And as I said - it may be because the actor is having to grapple with a northern accent too.
2007	7V3N	2012-05-08	No, Shadow - 'delivery' is his speaking of the lines.  I do think he does OK with his facial expressions, to be fair - but it is how he delivers his lines that's a huge problem for me.  The woodenness (?sp) is in his voice.  And as I said - it may be because the actor is having to grapple with a northern accent too.Agree to disagree. I think he's done great (despite hating the character in season 1). If anyone deserves to be criticized for their delivery I think it would be the guy playing Littlefinger. At times his accent switches to Irish and he seems unable to talk (despite volume) in a way other than whispering.
2008	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	Slight nitpicks:
-Iron Islanders use drowning for execution right? Maybe that was an intentional mistake though given how Theon has spent so long with the Starks.
-Ygritte's name pronunciation. I always had it down as "Yuh-greet". "Ee-gritt" in the show. Oh well.
2009	My Little Kraken	2012-05-08	I kind of like Arya and Tywin's synergy. Tywin's losing the war, and he clearly feels he's surrounded by idiots. Making formal small-talk with an intelligent cupbearer might be a nice respite from losing battles all day.I enjoy their scenes together.  They actually have chemistry and I'm so impressed that Maisie Williams can keep up with Charles Dance.
2010	FantA´me	2012-05-08	Slight nitpicks:-Iron Islanders use drowning for execution right? Maybe that was an intentional mistake though given how Theon has spent so long with the Starks.-Ygritte's name pronunciation. I always had it down as "Yuh-greet". "Ee-gritt" in the show. Oh well.I think they ask Martin about names pronunciation. I always said it Ee-grit myself but that's because of my native language I guess. As for the execution with a  sword ,that was in the book too so I guess , yes , it's because of the time he spent as their ward.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 08 May 2012 - 02:42 PM.
2011	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-08	Slight nitpicks:-Iron Islanders use drowning for execution right? Maybe that was an intentional mistake though given how Theon has spent so long with the Starks.-Ygritte's name pronunciation. I always had it down as "Yuh-greet". "Ee-gritt" in the show. Oh well.I kept thinking of this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EgretI always thought it was "I-grit"And yeah Drogon's personal trainer, Allen's accent sounds like he's trying to be a northerner (as in from up north in England)
2012	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	I think they ask Martin about names pronunciation. I always said it Ee-grit myself but that's because of my native language I guess. As for the execution with a  sword ,that was in the book too so I guess , yes , it's because of the time he spent as their ward.I thought Rodrik was killed by Bolton men? He was described as have his arm cut off but the true manner of his death was left off-page. Theon didn't kill him either way. /supernitpicky
2013	teemo	2012-05-08	I also didn't like Myrcella crying, even though it's a minor nitpick.  She's a tough lioness like her mother, she's not going to weep on a boat like that.  I liked how Joffrey yelled at Tommen for crying though....kind of helped the audience remember that Joffrey has a little brother and how different they are.
I don't have an issue with actress Ygritte, but she is way too modern looking with her pearly white teeth, like someone else said.  She should look a lot more like....a wildling.  It was made clear in the books that she wasn't very pretty and looked of low-birth, but she became more and more attractive to Jon over time.  The story between them is stupid, especially the spooning.  I really hope that Jon doesn't break his vows solely because she seduces him.  Halfhand better give him that command, and quickly.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 08 May 2012 - 03:07 PM.
2014	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	Well, unfortunately this is the price you pay with HBO - bless 'em.Â Â They think we ladies want to see bits of romance in a big gritty drama.Â Â Shout-out to HBO - we don't!!!!Â Â We really don't need lots of romance.Â Â We really don't want to be pandered to because it's pretty Kit or pretty Richard and we want to see them paired up and 'shipped'.Â Â I'm a blood a guts gal, meself; a grown-up.Â Â I can't wait for Blackwater.Seriously though - I do think there's an element of 'we must cater for the ladies' in this, guys and gals.Â Â And it's patronising as hell to me, personally - don't know about the other females here.My kind of girl.Fortunately the RW will solve this once and for all.WAIT SUDDEN TERRIFYING THOUGHT! Will the writers get rid of the RW!!AAARRRGGGHHHHHH
2015	teemo	2012-05-08	I'm a girl and I'm also not into lots of romance or lovey-dovey scenes.  GRRM stayed away from it for the most part and I love him for that.  To think that HBO is adding in love stories for the women....ugh /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
2016	Morrigan	2012-05-08	I have a question. It's been a while so it might just be me confusing things but, wasn't the marriage between Margaery and Joffrey Tyrion's idea?Yup.Slight nitpicks:-Iron Islanders use drowning for execution right? Maybe that was an intentional mistake though given how Theon has spent so long with the Starks.-Ygritte's name pronunciation. I always had it down as "Yuh-greet". "Ee-gritt" in the show. Oh well.- Winterfell is far in-land, how is he gonna drown the guy? Slam his head in a bucket of water? Come on.- Why would it be pronounced "Yuh-greet"? Ee-gritt is how I always read it myself, and it makes a lot phonetical sense than "yuh"...
2017	teemo	2012-05-08	Theon did execute Farlen in the books with a sword...and it was messy and terrible and disgustingly done just like in the show.  He was ashamed because he knew Ned could do it in one strike.
2018	FantA´me	2012-05-08	I thought Rodrik was killed by Bolton men? He was described as have his arm cut off but the true manner of his death was left off-page. Theon didn't kill him either way./supernitpickyYes I know, I wasn't talking about killing Rodrick but about the decapitation that seemed to bother you. He did kill someone this way , I think it was Mikken, I don't remember well, and the fact that it took him several strokes is also from the book. I'll try to find it, it was after Bran and Rickon escaped and we didn't see the scene, just Theon remembering it.
2019	FantA´me	2012-05-08	I thought Rodrik was killed by Bolton men? He was described as have his arm cut off but the true manner of his death was left off-page. Theon didn't kill him either way./supernitpicky  Yes I know, I wasn't talking about Rodrick but about the decapitation that seemed to bother you. He did kill someone this way, I think it was Mikken , I don't remember well. The fact that it took him several strokes is also from the book. It was after Bran and Rickon escaped, and we didn't read about the scene itself but just Theon remembering it I think. I'll try to find it.Edit: Poster below is right, it was Farlen:"He could not let the killings go unpunished. Farlen was as likely a suspect as any, so Theon sat in judgment, called him guilty, and condemned him to death. Even that went sour. As he knelt to the block, the kennelmaster said, â<U+0080><U+009C>Mâ<U+0080><U+0099>lord Eddard always did his own killings.â<U+0080><U+009D> Theon had to take the axe himself or look a weakling. His hands were sweating, so the shaft twisted in his grip as he swung and the first blow landed between Farlenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shoulders. It took three more cuts to hack through all that bone and muscle and sever the head from the body, and afterward he was sick, remembering all the times theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d sat over a cup of mead talking of hounds and hunting."Double post, I don't know why.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 08 May 2012 - 03:36 PM.
2020	teemo	2012-05-08	Stygg killed Mikken.  Farlen was the one beheaded by Theon.
2021	hesitantreader	2012-05-08	The Khalasar is getting too small.... I know they don't want an army of extras but this is getting ridiculous.  Why doesn't Jorah just kidnap her at this point?
2022	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	Yup.- Winterfell is far in-land, how is he gonna drown the guy? Slam his head in a bucket of water? Come on.In the moat? I'm pretty certain one of the Ironborn men was found floating facedown in a moat outside the castle by Theon.I had it as "yuh-greet" as to sound like the Geordie way of pronouncing "alright", "alreet".Stop picking on my nitpicking /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I do remember something about Theon being mad that it took more than one swing. That certainly rings a bell.
2023	teemo	2012-05-08	I do remember something about Theon being mad that it took more than one swing. That certainly rings a bell.It stood out to me because it was so gruesome and it made him think a lot of Ned.
2024	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	The Khalasar is getting too small.... I know they don't want an army of extras but this is getting ridiculous.  Why doesn't Jorah just kidnap her at this point?Well, after watching the stolen dragons scene, it actually flashed through my mind for a moment or two that it was Jorah and Doreah who had nicked the babies - a) to keep them safe and/or /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> so that Jorah would convince her not to trust XXD et al.  We ended the last epi with him urging her to go back to Westeros to find her allies, so I did sort of wonder if he's behind this - she'll find out, and that will tie in with one of her famous three betrayals.  They're swapping so much round and shoving bits of SoS in here and there, that I wouldn't put it past them. But if that were the case, I can't see the reason for the guards being dead - but, you never know.  If Jorah is so desperate to get her home... I'm sure it will be the warlocks.  But as someone mentioned on another thread, Dany made a point of saying that Drogon loved Doreah, and he might fight if a stranger tried to abduct him.  Just a crazy idea.  We'll have to wait until Monday.
2025	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	I'm a girl and I'm also not into lots of romance or lovey-dovey scenes.  GRRM stayed away from it for the most part and I love him for that.  To think that HBO is adding in love stories for the women....ugh /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Hey another lady after my heart!Ihope HBO is listening!
2026	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	Agree to disagree. I think he's done great (despite hating the character in season 1). If anyone deserves to be criticized for their delivery I think it would be the guy playing Littlefinger. At times his accent switches to Irish and he seems unable to talk (despite volume) in a way other than whispering.You'll get no argument from me with that one, either, Shadow /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I loathe Aiden Gillen with a passion approaching what I feel for Ramsay and Walder.
2027	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-08	Agree to disagree. I think he's done great (despite hating the character in season 1). If anyone deserves to be criticized for their delivery I think it would be the guy playing Littlefinger. At times his accent switches to Irish and he seems unable to talk (despite volume) in a way other than whispering.You'll get no argument from me about Aiden Gillen, Shadow /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I hate him (in everything he's in) with a passion approaching what I feel for Ramsay and Walder F.
2028	Tadco26	2012-05-08	Ser Roderick leaves with 200 men, but gets captured apparently alone.
Who was holding Torrhen's Square when Ser Roderick got there?
Why didn't Osha knife Theon on the way out?
If Theon was strictly killing Ser Rodrick to gain the Ironborn's respect, he should have drowned him.
Jon lets Ygritte live by missing, but then chases her down and ties her up to what end?  He can't keep her as a prisoner as Qhorin already explained, and if Qhorin does find him, he will rightly ask what the hell is doing...  Likely the wildlings find them first and Ygritte "saves" him to pay her debt for him letting her live.
Ser Amory sent a letter to the wrong lord... There are several problems with this idea.  1) Why in the world would Tywin send his obviously illiterate lord to send a letter in the first place.  Tywin can notice Arya is a girl from a quick glance, and that she is from the north from a few sentences, and that she isn't telling the truth about what town she is from from a few more, but he doesn't realize his lord that he sent to mail letters is illtiterate?  But let's say that this is in some unlikely scenario this is the first hint he has ever been given to Amory's illiteracy.  Why would Ser Amory directly be sending the raven instead of the maester?  Even stepping beyond that, how does Tywin even know that the letter was sent to the wrong lord?  There is no mail tracking service, no raven confirmation when your package arrives.  At best he would get word from the intended lord that he never recieved the message, but ravens not making it to their intended destination surely isn't that rare, whether due to being shot down or other reasons.
Lord Tywin certainly is forgiving of lieing cupbearers.
Littlefinger's private jet certainly is an advantage when traveling thru the war torn Riverlands quickly.  At least Catelyn and Brienne took two episodes to find Robb's camp and that was with a GPS helping them locate it.
Robb doesn't even seem to notice the giant woman in armor following his mother around, or ask about what happened with Renly?  I guess maybe they were texting during the trip though.
Arya stole the letter to do what exactly with it?  The note didn't look that long, it seems she could have read it while "cleaning" the table.  Beyond that she didn't think it was worth hiding in a pocket or something?  Ser Amory chases her without bothering to have any of the other soldiers grab her?
We shall see what the fallout of an assasin killing Ser Amory at Lord Tywin's door has, or if it will even be addressed in the next episode.
Robb finds out that Roderick has been killed, which happens after Maester Luwin sent the raven.
Dany's "negotiations" with the Spice King continue to play out like a parody of the books.  What she is negotiating for has even completely changed from the books where she is pleading for ships and swords.  The show has her asking for a ship instead of 130 ships... Getting passage on a single ship to make a trip to westeros would hardly be a problem for anyone, it's not like she has a large party of people, and now that party is significantly smaller after the deaths at the end of the episode.  Of course this goes back to the contradiction they created in the previous episode where TV Jorah says they should accept no foreign aid and rely on aid strictly from westeros when Dany is considering Xaro's wedding proposal, where in the books Jorah councils that she will need a fleet, gold, armies, alliances... and later suggests the unsullied.  Of course it is also much more difficult to believe Dany would dismiss TV Xaro so quickly.  He is not gay, and more importantly he is willing to give military support to Dany's war effort which book Xaro was strictly against and that was ultimately the biggest reason why she would not accept him.  Book Xaro said no to helping her retake the iron throne even if she did marry, where TV Xaro suggested he would help her take the throne back without even being asked.
The dragon's being taken could argueably be more "realistic", but if that is your opinion it opens the door to why didn't they just kill Dany at the gates and take her dragons when she threatened them?  We shall see how it plays out, but it's hard to imagine a scenario where she could realistically retake her dragons after most of her party is killed, rather than being killed herself when she tries.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 08 May 2012 - 03:49 PM.
2029	FantA´me	2012-05-08	My kind of girl.Fortunately the RW will solve this once and for all.WAIT SUDDEN TERRIFYING THOUGHT! Will the writers get rid of the RW!!AAARRRGGGHHHHHH  Please, let's not even imagine it!
2030	teemo	2012-05-08	They'll do it...but watch, Joffrey will order the RW.  Hah....that would really piss me off.
2031	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	HBO seems to be falling into a trap that they dont trust the material.  They seem to think that the genre needs the rom com junk. 
I think what attracts people to the book/series (a genre that has traditionally a young male audience) is the political intrigue, depth of characters, breadth of the environment.  By leaving that formula and going cliche they will lose both audiences, the hard core fantasists who by definition dont want the romantic angles and the loses those people drawn to the intrigue
2032	FantA´me	2012-05-08	They'll do it...but watch, Joffrey will order the RW.  Hah....that would really piss me off.Wouldn't surprise me, they've already made him responsible of all of Cersei's crimes . She's just a worried mom really.
2033	Milgod morghulis	2012-05-08	I always said it as i-greet when i read it.
2034	Buckwheat	2012-05-08	Little nitpicks:1. Myrecella crying.2. Apparently I am the only one who was expecting Ygritte's line "I will not be able to be brave for ever" or something similar (sorry, only read the translated ACOK). She just keeps repeating "Do it!" Why? This line tells so much about her in the books, and it wouls take no extra time.3. Jon chasing her after he already did not kill her - it makes him look like an indecisive fool. And where was Ghost? I am not going to nitpick about them laying together scene, because I had a good laugh at it, but I agree it is silly.4. Talisa ... /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />5. No horses in KL and no horses North of the Wall - really? Yes, budget, and Sophie is allergic to them, and dangerous to film it, and Iceland ... but it looks stupid.6. Littlefinger apparently owns an airplane now.7.) Technically speaking, yes bran and rickon are princes's because robbs a king now.This. I suppose the point was to show that Joffrey is too stupid to realise that. I half expected Sansa would point it out to him, which would result in another beating, well, fortunately for her, she avoided it.
2035	boojam	2012-05-08	The dragon's being taken could argueably be more "realistic", but if that is your opinion it opens the door to why didn't they just kill Dany at the gates and take her dragons when she threatened them?  We shall see how it plays out, but it's hard to imagine a scenario where she could realistically retake her dragons after most of her party is killed, rather than being killed herself when she tries.Same could have said that about the book too. Well it's an approximation of Geroge's Qarth which is more civilized than the Slaver Cities. I can't remember Dany explicitly asking for ships in Qarth, in fact except for the House of the Undying nothing much until she runs into Arstan and Belwas , who magically re inject Illyrio back into the story.It was all kind of flat, D&D have seemed to struggle with finding a way to punch up the Qarth story.
2036	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-08	-I'm not happy with Jon's storyline changes. They've changed him from dark, brooding, and talented to incompetent and emo. They literally could have let Ygritte go and the scene would have been fundamentally the same but instead we got a lame spooning scene.-I'm losing faith that the Bloody Mummers will ever appear. I already know that the Reeds are gone.- I think Littlefinger is actually from the 23rd century and has a teleporter.-Talisa-Robb is stupid. It's making me excited for the RW.-Dany's changes don't bother me (besides the fact that she's acting like Viserys constantly with this blood and fire business). Her Red Waste bit was expressed enough and Quarth wasn't all that interesting except for the House of the Undying and Belwas/Barristan. At least now there's some suspense. My only hope is that she goes through Meereen like she does the Red Waste.The only good thing about the Talisa/Robb scenes is that they're not Roz-with-anyone scenes.  Talisa annoys me slightly less than Roz.  (may I say how happy I am to have seen two Roz-free episodes in succession?)  But the Robb/Talisa dialogue is awkward Hollywood banter at best, and does not belong in anything associated with GRRM.  I will say that Talisa looked more appropriately attired - stressed, tired-looking, with battlefield/camp grime, than Ygritte (who looked clean and bright as well as spunky with a capital S).   But I would have preferred shy, sweet little Jeyne Westerling instead of Talisa-doing-ER Westeros.  I really do think that Talisa was writing a letter to Tywin detailing the Young Wolf's movements, actually.  Catelyn was, to me, very restrained, when she got her mom-radar up; if I'd been in her boots, I'd have dragged Robb off by the ear and lectured him; but I suppose she's politic enough not to embarrass the King of the North that way, even if he is her son and is letting his hormones (and a bad script) get the better of him.Tywin and Arya have tremendous actor-chemistry together, but why is Tywin Lannister discussing his son's childhood dyslexia with a serving girl?  We get that he thinks the cupbearer is a clever girl; but this is Tywin Lannister we're seeing, who doesn't even bother to ask the kid's name, and he's actually conversing with her as if she's an equal?  I'm surprised that the scriptwriters haven't had Tywin decide he's going to either adopt the child or marry her!  And he hasn't noticed that her manners and accent are not really those of a stonemason's child?What's with Littlefinger eyeing Arya?  He's acting like he recognizes her?  And Tywin doesn't notice that his cute cupbearer-girl is scurrying in and out of LF's line of sight like a scared chipmunk?  Dany's scenes with Xaro Xoan Daxos remind me of a bouncy little Maltese dog tagging along with a stately Great Dane; it's kind of cute, but she is so young and ignorant compared to him.  Love their outfits, though.  I did understand why the other fella, the spicer-merchant, kept putting her down, she seemed very annoying ---I want to reclaim my throne, though I've never been there, have no money or armies or allies, you have to give me ships, fire-and-blood, yak-yak-yak.  I had the impression that the scene was just written to fill up time, it didn't work that well, seemed to show only that Dany has no clue how to be a successful power-player in Qarth when she doesn't have Drogon burning things for her.  (which makes a certain amount of since, since Dany had absolutely no training in how to become a queen, a leader, and is still quite young).  Speaking of outfits, Cersei gets a change of costume like with every scene, but Sansa only seems to have two dresses; and Dany was just given one (the peacock-pretty turquoise and gold affair) in Qarth?  Sansa's supposedly betrothed to the King of the Seven Kingdoms, they can't give her a couple more outfits?  And X-X-D keeps saying how wealthy he is, he could spring for another dress for Dany.  Sansa is suddenly acting very chummy with Shae, when the last time we saw them together, Sansa was alternately terrified of her new servant and petulant with her (understandably, since Sansa is surrounded by spies and Lannisters and  thought that Shae, who doesn't exactly act like a maidservant, was a spy).  Sansa implied she trusted Shae when she didn't trust anyone else?  Unless they were trying to imply that Sansa was so stressed and desperate, having been beaten and humiliated and just nearly-raped that she was reaching out for some kind of comfort/friendship with a woman she had not trusted before?  I just felt that there was a missing scene where Sansa and Shae were shown to be more at ease with each other to bridge the probability gap.I did like the Theon/Winterfell scenes.  My only minor quibble was, when poor Bran was begging/pleading and crying for Theon not to kill Rodrick, I thought I heard Bran's voice change from child's to teenager's - I think the young actor is going through puberty.  The scenes were still harrowing, though (except for Osha seducing Theon - young woman disrobing and showing full frontal nudity is old stuff by now in this series).
2037	Mad Queen	2012-05-08	I'm adding myself to the group of women who don't enjoy sappy romantic stories. Any romantic story has to be very well done to catch my attention, and they are rarely very well done by TV or Hollywood. I can't wait for Blackwater either, it has always been one of my favorite parts of the story.
Big romance fans won't be watching GoT or reading ASoIaF anyway, and we already have Jon/Ygritte, which are cute together. Instead, give us something more offbeat, like Sansa/Sandor, please! I weep when I think of all the wonderful San/San scenes that haven't made it to the show.
2038	kairparavel	2012-05-08	Littlefinger keeping his knowledge of Arya to himself is perfectly in line with his character.It would be absolutely not like Littlefinger to recognize Arya and give that information to Tywin. He would wait until the very best moment to use it. I don't see why this bothers you?As for Tywin, to be honest, I don't think we get enough, and more important, objective, information about Tywin to be able to clearly say that he wouldn't engage in conversation with Arya. It definitely fits with the Show character and imo with the book character as well.It's totally in line with how LF works, agreed. However.Book LF, in fact book everyone that wasn't Yoren, has no idea where Arya is from the time Ned is seized til the last page of DWD. So LF recognizing her in Harrenhall ( a place he wasn't at while she was there) while being Tywin's cup bearer (something that never happened) and keeping it to himself for later uses (information he does not have) is to what end, exactly? Arya falls off the face of the earth, save her brief journey with The Hound. Four books. No one from KL knows where she is so I cannot abide this somewhat not trivial tv plot point.Removing myself from the book, I was struggling to recall when exactly tv LF met up with tv Arya. He was chattering with Sansa at the tournament in season one. Was Arya there? Was he there when Cersei ordered Sansa's direwolf executed? I cannot recall a time when he would have spent any significant time with her that he'd recognize her. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  While Sansa was off at court with Joffrey, Arya was water dancing. The two of them spent no significant time together where they would be seen as the Stark sisters. Anyways.I could gripe forever. I want to like it. They are making it nigh impossible for me.
2039	7V3N	2012-05-08	I suppose the point was to show that Joffrey is too stupid to realise that. I half expected Sansa would point it out to him, which would result in another beating, well, fortunately for her, she avoided it.I saw it as a moment for book readers. The line probably swept by non-readers, but readers notice that, of course, Bran and Rickon are princes. I think it was a minor and quick way of showing that Sansa is learning to be submissive and is careful not to anger Joff.
2040	Morrigan	2012-05-08	Stop picking on my nitpicking /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Sorry, sorry, you're right, this isn't the thread for that. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Carry on.
2041	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	ok very small nitpick but have any of the writers ever played hide and seek?
i mean really, when you are chasing someone do you stop looking 2 feet from a corner? or do you look around the corner
2042	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	ok very small nitpick but have any of the writers ever played hide and seek?i mean really, when you are chasing someone do you stop looking 2 feet from a corner? or do you look around the cornerHaha yeah but Amory Lorch is a doofus. At least he is made out be in the show. I actually really enjoyed that sequence. Lorch dropping down dead just as he was entering the room, I laughed. I swear, when Arya was saying "it has to be now!", that little sigh Jaqen let out was his version of a Barney Stinson style "challenge accepted!"
2043	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-08	Less little finger as much as i enjoyed him in that scene with Arya. More Varys, we havent seen him in awhile
2044	teemo	2012-05-08	Yeah, how in the heck would LF recognize Arya?  He might have glanced at her a few times while she was in KL, but I never remember them having any interactions.  Not to mention, she looks completely different now.  I guess you could just say, "Well, LF is so clever he never forgets a face," but I don't know.
2045	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-08	Jaime's dyslexia---pointless.  Did one of the writers put this in for him- or herself?  Was it a shout-out to some sort of demographic?Precious dialogue time is wasted on a discussion of learning to read.  Aren't there other ways to humanize Tywin?  And why, exactly, do we need to humanize him?  Is it to explain to viewers why Arya isn't naming Tywin for assassination?Harrenhal---too small.  It's positively claustrophobic.Qhorin and Jon and Ygritte--It could still work.  It's probably not worth speculating on how this can still work out, since we should know in another week, but my fantasy on how this can be remedied is that Qhorin left pretty quickly after permitting Jon to kill her alone; He can say later that he knew Jon would let her go.  I suppose we deserve a closeup of Qhorin's face at that point.  Or, Jon has a plausible reason for being AWOL for a day:  Ygritte escaped him and he chased her in hopes of finishing the job.  (At the same time, Ygritte has time to develop some sort of affection for Jon, which gives her a reason to support him later.)  Or the writers make it Jon's idea to infiltrate (?).  That wouldn't make sense; why emphasize Qhorin Halfhand's name in this episode and last?  I mean, who cares if Jon kills him then?  He's just some extra.Spooning and trying to gyrate on Jon?  Really?  That looked silly.  She's the only woman not afraid of rape?  If she's trying to arouse him in order to disarm him, she's displaying a little too much mirth, in my opinion.  And I don't want Jon's portrayal to end up being that of a big dumb dope.  Even though he "knows nothing," there's plenty he does know.  Naivete that works in the book will end up too comical in this condensed TV version.
2046	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-08	Arya was definitely sitting next to Sansa at the tourney where Ser Hugh takes it in the throat and Littlefinger is sitting there talking to Sansa about the Hound's story, and Arya so "rudely" (according to Septa Mordane) asks Littlefinger how he got his own nickname.
2047	7V3N	2012-05-08	Jaime's dyslexia---pointless.  Did one of the writers put this in for him- or herself?  Was it a shout-out to some sort of demographic?Precious dialogue time is wasted on a discussion of learning to read.  Aren't there other ways to humanize Tywin?  And why, exactly, do we need to humanize him?  Is it to explain to viewers why Arya isn't naming Tywin for assassination?I'm praying that after RW, she realizes she could have prevented it all by naming Tywin, Joffrey and Cersei. It could go down in an emotional/depressed rage to the Hound about how it is her fault and she could have said those names. I can imagine Maisie yelling with tears all over her face, "I could have stopped them! I could have said Tywin, or Joffrey but I wasted it on the Tickler!" Of course the Hound wouldn't give a shit what she is talking about so there would be no consequences of her saying it.Spooning and trying to gyrate on Jon?  Really?  That looked silly.  She's the only woman not afraid of rape?  If she's trying to arouse him in order to disarm him, she's displaying a little too much mirth, in my opinion.  And I don't want Jon's portrayal to end up being that of a big dumb dope.  Even though he "knows nothing," there's plenty he does know.  Naivete that works in the book will end up too comical in this condensed TV version.Jon stole her. It'd make more sense if they explained the the wildling version of marriage. Unless the writers were going for something else....
2048	teemo	2012-05-08	Jaime's dyslexia---pointless.  Did one of the writers put this in for him- or herself?  Was it a shout-out to some sort of demographic? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />And now that guy (Dagmar?) seems to be calling the shots. Did he say "pay the iron price" in reference to killing Roderick? Is that even how the term is used?This is a good question.  Can someone answer this?I also am annoyed about Dagmer being responsible for a lot of Theon's actions, when Theon had to practically beg him for his support in the books.  Maybe they want to make Theon easier to sympathize with?  That and him screaming at his daddy about how he didn't love him and sent him away?  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Why is D&D doing this to some of the characters?  Through good writing viewers could easily still feel empathy for Theon without all of this modified crap.
2049	7V3N	2012-05-08	I always thought the iron price was killing someone to be allowed to loot them. Doesn't Balon ask Theon if he paid the iron price to acquire his jewelry?About the writers adding in so much stuff: It is because the show has taken all of the subtly away from the books. We see through constant reading that Littlefinger may still be in love with Cat (until the Moon Door). It is implied subtly. In the show, they felt the need to make a scene where LF basically claims his motive for everything in AGOT/season 1 was to get Cat.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 08 May 2012 - 08:21 PM.
2050	teemo	2012-05-08	I always thought the iron price was killing someone to be allowed to loot them. Doesn't Balon ask Theon if he paid the iron price to acquire his jewelry?About the writers adding in so much stuff: It is because the show has taken all of the subtly away from the books. We see through constant reading that Littlefinger may still be in love with Cat (until the Moon Door). It is implied subtly. In the show, they felt the need to make a scene where LF basically claims his motive for everything in AGOT/season 1 was to get Cat.I know that's why they do it, but they could still stand to be a little more subtle at times in the show.  Theon can be responsible for Winterfell's sacking...he doesn't need to have Dagmer calling the shots or egging him on.  I thought the scene with Theon writing that letter to Robb and burning it was a perfect way to showcase his moral dilemmas.  Scenes like that can help viewers empathize with Theon, regardless of how bad his crimes are...especially if he goes through Ramsay's torture later on.   Instead they are making his crimes less atrocious because Dagmer is standing over him telling him he has to kill Rodrik, etc. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2051	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	Spooning and trying to gyrate on Jon?  Really?  That looked silly.  She's the only woman not afraid of rape?  If she's trying to arouse him in order to disarm him, she's displaying a little too much mirth, in my opinion.  And I don't want Jon's portrayal to end up being that of a big dumb dope.  Even though he "knows nothing," there's plenty he does know.  Naivete that works in the book will end up too comical in this condensed TV version.I actually found this very funny. Plays up to how Ygritte is more world-weary than Jon. He spared her, so she's taken him for something of a craven. She's toying with him, something that Ygritte did a lot in the book. "You know nothing" and all that.I reckon she's going to be gone in the morning. She'll escape his bondage *giggle* and Jon will locate his watch brothers. She'll return in episode 10 I reckon.The affection between the two will become much apparent in season 3 when Jon "defects". He will be more inclined to reciprocate the playful flirtation once he lets his guard down with her.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 08 May 2012 - 08:37 PM.
2052	teemo	2012-05-08	I actually found this very funny. Plays up to how Ygritte is more world-weary than Jon. He spared her, so she's taken him for something of a craven. She's toying with him, something that Ygritte did a lot in the book. "You know nothing" and all that.I reckon she's going to be gone in the morning. The affection between the two will become much apparent in season 3 when Jon "defects". He will be more inclined to reciprocate the playful flirtation once he lets his guard down with her.I hope you're right.  That seems like the best way they could handle it from here on out.
2053	Lady Sunrider	2012-05-08	I know everyone has already complained about this but I have to say.  I just can't stand the way the changes they make change the essence of the characters.  As several people have pointed out Jon bragging about killing the white walker and asking to go with Qhorin makes him appear pushy and prideful.  Now this business with Ygritte will make his joining the wildings look bad, no matter how they try to dress it up.  Arya isn't right either, I understand that when you have an actor like Charles Dance that it's tempting to use him for everything but this change is making this experience less horrible for Arya.  She is not nearly terrified enough,  Harrenhall is just not as horrible a place (yes I saw the rat eating torture, but I mean the overall feeling of the place, in the book those descriptions were ongoing torture, the whole experience was constantly horrifying) and the horribleness is important for the person Arya becomes.  It will not be believable when this Arya wants to be a faceless man (faceless person?)  Leaving out the Reeds leaves out an important bit of the setup for where Bran is headed, not just the actual journey but why and what it will mean when he gets there.  The magic is missing from the North.  Not just with Bran but Jon as well (Ghost is just a big pet)  as someone pointed out they have used all of Cersei's actions to make Joffrey look worse (unnecessary!).    Don't even get me started on "Talisa".  I just don't understand why they are changing the essence of the characters this way.
2054	Fredwin	2012-05-08	I feel like Jon is a good example.  Him choosing to go with Halfhand, his whole scene with Ygritte.  He is suppose to let her go, and show that he doesn't have the heart to kill this young girl.   I feel like he is coming off too arrogant in the show (just my take), maybe not arrogant, but some word I can't quite put my tongue on. I'll tell you what it is. Jon Snow in the series has no opinion of his own. People are constantly telling him what to do and how to feel. There is no internal PoV to show what's going on in his head so he just looks and acts like a stooge.
2055	boojam	2012-05-08	Haha yeah but Amory Lorch is a doofus. At least he is made out be in the show. I actually really enjoyed that sequence. Lorch dropping down dead just as he was entering the room, I laughed. I swear, when Arya was saying "it has to be now!", that little sigh Jaqen let out was his version of a Barney Stinson style "challenge accepted!"Yeah I really wonder if D&D read that teleplay, because with a little thought even at that fast pace the narrative drama in that scene could have made more sense.
2056	7V3N	2012-05-08	I know that's why they do it, but they could still stand to be a little more subtle at times in the show.  Theon can be responsible for Winterfell's sacking...he doesn't need to have Dagmer calling the shots or egging him on.  I thought the scene with Theon writing that letter to Robb and burning it was a perfect way to showcase his moral dilemmas.  Scenes like that can help viewers empathize with Theon, regardless of how bad his crimes are...especially if he goes through Ramsay's torture later on.   Instead they are making his crimes less atrocious because Dagmer is standing over him telling him he has to kill Rodrik, etc. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Oh I am not sticking up for them. I am pointing out how it is BULLSHIT haha. I totally agree with you, and have really hated the writers this season (for the most part). I love the subtly, the foreshadowing, the tricks GRRM plays on us readers. The writers, however, feel that we are too dumb and need to be spoonfed all of the material. Perfect example: every Stannis and Dany rant this season.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 08 May 2012 - 09:52 PM.
2057	Chise	2012-05-08	I know that's why they do it, but they could still stand to be a little more subtle at times in the show. Theon can be responsible for Winterfell's sacking...he doesn't need to have Dagmer calling the shots or egging him on. I thought the scene with Theon writing that letter to Robb and burning it was a perfect way to showcase his moral dilemmas. Scenes like that can help viewers empathize with Theon, regardless of how bad his crimes are...especially if he goes through Ramsay's torture later on. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   YES!! ALL OF MY YES!!I'm pretty much calling this HBO's iron price now: for every absolutely fantastic scene, we gotta pay for it with a shit-written scene or completely outta character momentTheon's letter, in most perfectly set up shot of his candle being the only tiny source of light in complete darkness  - Osha's titsSansa's anguish in King's Landing - Littlefinger acting not like himself for half an episodeBrienne, Davos, Saan - Shae the fuckin' rude whore
					
					
							Edited by Chise, 08 May 2012 - 10:09 PM.
2058	Morrigan	2012-05-08	Yeah, how in the heck would LF recognize Arya?  He might have glanced at her a few times while she was in KL, but I never remember them having any interactions.  They did, at the Hand's tourney she asked him how he got his nickname.
2059	Buckwheat	2012-05-09	(may I say how happy I am to have seen two Roz-free episodes in succession?)  What's with Littlefinger eyeing Arya?  He's acting like he recognizes her?  And Tywin doesn't notice that his cute cupbearer-girl is scurrying in and out of LF's line of sight like a scared chipmunk?  just felt that there was a missing scene where Sansa and Shae were shown to be more at ease with each other to bridge the probability gap.May I join your rejoicing over that fact? /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I was expecting Tywin to comment on the weird acting of his cupbearer and his guest, but he did not even seem to notice. It was strange.Removing myself from the book, I was struggling to recall when exactly tv LF met up with tv Arya. He was chattering with Sansa at the tournament in season one. Was Arya there? Was he there when Cersei ordered Sansa's direwolf executed? I cannot recall a time when he would have spent any significant time with her that he'd recognize her. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  "Why do they call you Littlefinger?"Another nitpick: Qhorin wants Ygritte to die? Really? This is another example of dumbing the series down, I think.
2060	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-09	I'll tell you what it is. Jon Snow in the series has no opinion of his own. People are constantly telling him what to do and how to feel. There is no internal PoV to show what's going on in his head so he just looks and acts like a stooge.I think they are moving his character development to the next season. His days with the wildlings will man-up the boy. Yeah, in the series he is still a boy.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 09 May 2012 - 05:37 AM.
2061	Roose Trollton.	2012-05-09	Charles Dance's acting is absolutely atrocious.Tywin in the show is nothing like in the books. In the shows he constantly yells, raises his voice and even smiles sometimes.
2062	7V3N	2012-05-09	Charles Dance's acting is absolutely atrocious.Tywin in the show is nothing like in the books. In the shows he constantly yells, raises his voice and even smiles sometimes.This has already been addressed and shot down. Get a screenshot of said smile and then we can restart this debate.And regardless of how upset you are about "yelling" and "smiles," you would be a complete moron to think that Charles Dance's acting is anything short of excellent throughout the series.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 09 May 2012 - 06:43 AM.
2063	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-09	Why does no one recognise Jon as a Stark? The Starks have a unique look and Jon sticks out in the Nights watch because of it. The books constantly have Jon being recognised as a Stark and it sets up the mystery surrounding the role of the Starks and the wall. Craster first points out Jon has the Stark look but D&D seem to have gone out of their way to cut this and give Craster other motives for hating him. Ygritte mentions Jon looks like a Stark and this imo is part of her attraction to him. Lastly Mance notes he has Stark blood and I thought part of the reason Mance was able to look over Jon's dodgy reasons for turning was because of his Starkness.
They seem to have cut all this out and I doubt Mance will make reference to it in S3. I just hope they haven't cut all this clever forshadowing to add some blundering prophecy in series 5/6 if it turns out there is something special about Stark blood.
2064	Roose Trollton.	2012-05-09	I don't know where to find screenshots but he does smiles, several times.
And you can't deny he also raises his voice and yells the whole time.
					
					
							Edited by beckyolt, 09 May 2012 - 07:02 AM.
2065	My Little Kraken	2012-05-09	After he tells Arya that the Maester says they must live with Jamie's dyslexia he says "ha!".  I think he does look a bit smiley when he then explains how he sat Jamie down and taught him to read himself.  However, it is not a full-on, proper smile.http://i256.photobuc...inadi/dance.jpg
					
					
							Edited by My Little Kraken, 09 May 2012 - 07:06 AM.
2066	My Little Kraken	2012-05-09	Oh, and I think Charles Dance is a great actor and I love his scenes with Arya.
2067	Ser Amoc	2012-05-09	The crowd wasn't aggressive at all!You must have missed the part where the crowd literally rips that guy limb from limb like a pack of zombies.
2068	Ser Amoc	2012-05-09	I'm seeing a lot of complaints about the KL scene with the lack of horses. Not sure if this has been pointed out, but HBO just went through a pretty big fail with their show Luck involving several horses dying, so HBO probably wants to do what they can to avoid anything like that happening again.
2069	Ran	2012-05-09	Well, that's not really relevant, as that scene was shot months ago. That said, the show has found working with animals very time consuming in relationship to the intense shoot schedules. Besides that, Dubrovnik may well have restrictions on horses in the streets, and I'm pretty sure the scene would have safety and animal welfare concerns to boot.
So, no horses. It's the nature of TV that not everything is going to be doable.
2070	JackSpadegi	2012-05-09	Another nitpick: Qhorin wants Ygritte to die? Really? This is another example of dumbing the series down, I think.I believe they completely missed the point with QH so far... The dialogue between Jon and the Halfhand that followed that scene in the books was sublime but now, in the show, it has obviously been cut off.You must have missed the part where the crowd literally rips that guy limb from limb like a pack of zombies.That and Sansa's aggression were the only scenes where we really see violence and, IMO, when the crowd attacked and ripped off the High Septon's arm they looked exactly like zombies and that's not how I imagined that. They are hungry people, not dead zombies with no feelings, they are supposed to be utterly out of control while they almost seem to lay the priest down and they are far too calm when that guy raises the arm they ripped off.When I read that scene, I thought that the whole party was attacked and that there would have been chaos around everyone. I could feel the crowd's hatred for the royal family and for the High Septon, but in the TV show I felt it was way less chaotic.
					
					
							Edited by JackSpadegi, 09 May 2012 - 11:43 AM.
2071	Ser Amoc	2012-05-09	I totally agree. They kind of glossed over it. I thought Sansa and the Hound's scene played out well. The High Septon getting ripped to pieces definitely felt like something out of zombie movie though. I think the scene got the general point across, but it just missed the details, which is typical for a book-to-tv adaptation. You're right though, more chaos probably could have ensued. I'm hoping this season's budget was really focused on episode 9.
2072	still_in_love_with_ned	2012-05-09	Hello all, 
I'm new here so be gentle! I just wanted a mini-rant because I was irritated by this episode - I love, love, love the books and am loving the show (less than I did in season 1 but still loving it)!! I know most points have been covered in this forum, but I wanted my two-penneth worth...
I don't understand why they have gone so off-book with both Danerys and Jon, it doesn't make sense. Well, ok, some of Dany's bits do as her story through the red waste etc was quite lengthy, but why do the dragons randomly get stolen??
And, I agree with everyone here about changing how Jon and Ygritte first meet and interact (I quite like the actress though, not far off how I pictured her). It's going to make the rest of the storyline really difficult if they don't have the moral dilemma that Jon's put in about obeying Quorhin, loving Ygritte and the vows he made to the old Gods about becoming a Crow. Humph. 
Anyway, I did love the bit of Clegane saving Sansa  - for me the not being on horses bit was a bit neither here nor there (the ripping off of the septon's arm did remind me a bit of Sean of the Dead mind you), and I do think he loves her in a bit of a deranged way. 
There, I'm happy now I've got that off my chest - and I look forward to the next episode!
2073	Buckwheat	2012-05-09	Why does no one recognise Jon as a Stark? The Starks have a unique look and Jon sticks out in the Nights watch because of it. The books constantly have Jon being recognised as a Stark and it sets up the mystery surrounding the role of the Starks and the wall. Craster first points out Jon has the Stark look but D&D seem to have gone out of their way to cut this and give Craster other motives for hating him. Ygritte mentions Jon looks like a Stark and this imo is part of her attraction to him. Lastly Mance notes he has Stark blood and I thought part of the reason Mance was able to look over Jon's dodgy reasons for turning was because of his Starkness.They seem to have cut all this out and I doubt Mance will make reference to it in S3. I just hope they haven't cut all this clever forshadowing to add some blundering prophecy in series 5/6 if it turns out there is something special about Stark blood.Well, you have to admit that the actor does not look like any of the other actors playing Starks. It would sound silly if someone said "Hey, you totally look like Sean Bean, especially the two of you have very similar hair, is there any chance you are family?" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2074	Buckwheat	2012-05-09	Hello all,Hello, new poster still_in_love_with_ned! Welcome to the forum, have lots of fun discussing!
2075	SelaBela	2012-05-09	I don't know if this has already been mentioned, but it really saddens me that Dany doesn't have any bells tinkling in her hair.  Or any of the Dothraki for that matter!
2076	Ran	2012-05-09	People have suggested that having tinkling bells would be hard to record... but, obviously, you have hollow bells and you add the sound in post. So, I don't know. Maybe a time thing? Now we'll never get this bit of dialog:Even her Dothraki handmaids had words of praise. "We would braid your hair and hang a bell in it, Strong Belwas," said Jhiqui, "but you have no hair to braid.""Strong Belwas needs no tinkly bells." The eunuch ate Brown Ben's plum in four big bites and tossed aside the stone. "Strong Belwas needs liver and onions."
2077	JW.	2012-05-09	Cersei
Such a shame what they did to this character, she and Tyrion shine in book two. But in the series Tyrion walks all over her and it seems Cersei can't keep up in the verbal warfare, unfortunately. Yes Tyrion outsmarted her most of the times, but she atleast fought back and made him sweat a little.
2078	Tadco26	2012-05-09	Same could have said that about the book too. Well it's an approximation of Geroge's Qarth which is more civilized than the Slaver Cities.Yes, it being more civilized was the explanation in the books more or less, but since the dragons not only have been stolen, but most of her kalisar slaughtered, what is the excuse in the show?I can't remember Dany explicitly asking for ships in Qarth, in fact except for the House of the Undying nothing much until she runs into Arstan and Belwas , who magically re inject Illyrio back into the story.It was all kind of flat, D&D have seemed to struggle with finding a way to punch up the Qarth story.She asks Xaro for ships before she goes to the warlocks.Xaro is pleading for her to marry him, but refuses to assist her in getting back the Iron Throne.  She says if each of the 13 would lend me 10 ships-""You would have one hundred thirty ships, and no crew to sail them.  The justice of your cause means naught to the common men of Qarth.  Why should sailors care who sits upon the throne of some other kingdom at the edge of the world?""I will pay them to care.""With what coin, sweet star of my heaven?""With the gold the seekers bring.""You may do that," Xaro acknowledged, "but so much caring will cost dear.  You will need to pay them far more than I do, and all of Qarth laughs at my ruinous generosity."She then goes on to say she will ask the Guild of Spicers and Tourmaline Brotherhood for aid and Xaro says they will not help her, before saying she will have to go to the warlocks then.Xaro protests and says he will give her jewels and luxuries of all types if she will take him as her husband."But it was ships and soldiers I wanted." said Dany (which of course TV Xaro has implied he would give).
2079	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2012-05-09	"The child never wept..." is the first line of the riot chapter in ACOK, yet in the show she's practically drowning everyone in the boat...
2080	El-ahrairah	2012-05-09	2. Apparently I am the only one who was expecting Ygritte's line "I will not be able to be brave for ever" or something similar (sorry, only read the translated ACOK). She just keeps repeating "Do it!" Why? This line tells so much about her in the books, and it wouls take no extra time.Haha I was thinking exactly the same thing. They drew it out too long.
2081	teemo	2012-05-09	Jon's throat was raw.  He looked at them all helplessly.  "She yielded herself to me."Then you must do what needs to be done," Qhorin Halfhand said. "You are the blood of Winterfell and a man of the Night's Watch."  He looked at the others.  "Come, brothers.  Leave him to it.  It will go easier for him if we do not watch."  And he led them up to the steep twisting trail toward the pale pink glow of the sun where it broke through a mountain cleft, and before very long only Jon and Ghost remained with the wildling girl.He thought Ygritte might try to run, but she only stood there, waiting, looking at him.  "You never killed a woman before, did you?"  When he shook his head, she said, "We die the same as men.  But you don't need to do it.  Mance would take you, I know he would.  There's secret ways.  Them crows would never catch us.""I'm as much a crow as they are," Jon said.She nodded, resigned. "Will you burn me, after?""I can't. The smoke might be seen.""That's so." She shrugged. "Well, there's worse places to end up than the belly of a shadowcat."He pulled Longclaw over a shoulder.  "Aren't you afraid?""Last night I was," she admitted. "But now the sun's up."  She pushed her hair aside to bare her neck, and knelt before him. "Strike hard true, crow, or I'll come back and haunt you."Longclaw was not so long or heavy a sword as his father's Ice, but it was Valyrian steel all the same.  He touched the edge of the blade to mark where the blow must fall, and Ygritte shivered.  "That's cold," she said. "Go on, be quick about it."He raised Longclaw over his head, both hands tight around the grip. [One cut, with all my weight behind it.] He could give her a quick clean death, at least.  He was his father's son.  Wasn't he?  Wasn't he?"Do it," she urged him after a moment. "Bastard, *do it*. I can't stay brave forever."  When the blow did not fall she turned her head to look at him.Jon lowered his sword. "Go," he muttered.Ygritte stared."Now," he said, "before my wits return. GO."She went. 
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 09 May 2012 - 03:48 PM.
2082	boojam	2012-05-09	I'm seeing a lot of complaints about the KL scene with the lack of horses. Not sure if this has been pointed out, but HBO just went through a pretty big fail with their show Luck involving several horses dying, so HBO probably wants to do what they can to avoid anything like that happening again.Yes as Ran said has nothing to do with Luck, the two shows are totally disjoint in their filming schedules.D&D complained about the problem with horse, even recently the Coen brothers complained about the same thing when they shot True Grit.The horse wrangling times of John Ford have passed us by.
2083	Ser Amoc	2012-05-09	The horse wrangling times of John Ford have passed us by.I don't doubt it. I'm sure they didn't care about animal rights anywhere near as much as we do today. Still, I don't see how scheduling has anything to do with it. I'm just saying that if someone was paying millions of dollars to produce something with horses, and it resulted in the careless deaths of several horses, then I could see that same someone (HBO) saying, "Hey, we gotta cool it on the horses". It could be more of a PR thing, or just covering their bases to make sure they don't make the same mistake twice, but in no way would it have anything to do with filming schedules. I hope you're not thinking that I thought they were trying to use the same horses on Luck as they did on Thrones or something like that.
2084	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-09	The changes don't bother me that much. Myrcella crying was no big deal, since we only see Myrcella a handfull of times before she goes to Dorne. Now, if she's all weepy in season five, when telling the tale of Darkstar to Swann, that won't be good!
But anyway, the biggest thing that bothers me is Bran's mustache.
2085	7V3N	2012-05-09	After he tells Arya that the Maester says they must live with Jamie's dyslexia he says "ha!".  I think he does look a bit smiley when he then explains how he sat Jamie down and taught him to read himself.  However, it is not a full-on, proper smile.http://i256.photobuc...inadi/dance.jpgHaha I don't know if that can quite count since it is such an unnatural shot.I don't know where to find screenshots but he does smiles, several times.And you can't deny he also raises his voice and yells the whole time.I agree he raises his voice, but only yells when it's "THEY HAVE MY SON!" But all of the times he raises his voice it is justified. It is something like a bannerman almost giving away key military info. If it is dishonor to his house or helping him lose a war that he is already losing, I think we can look past the raised voice.
2086	My Little Kraken	2012-05-09	Haha I don't know if that can quite count since it is such an unnatural shot.It doesn't quite count because he was giving what I would call rueful smiles.  They aren't proper smiles.  He never actually smiled at or for Arya.  However, I would not blame a nitpicker for noticing that scene and questioning it ;-)
2087	Earth Boy	2012-05-09	If I remember correctly, it's pointed out more than once in the books Myrcella was very stern and dutiful on her sending to Dorne ( Tommen was the one who was crying) ... while in the show she seemed to be sobbing desperately.
Also, I have the feeling the books depicted north of the wall to be a lot more forested, while in the show it's just bleak.
Not to mention everything that has been mentioned, which I agree with almost all.
2088	boojam	2012-05-09	I don't doubt it. I'm sure they didn't care about animal rights anywhere near as much as we do today. Still, I don't see how scheduling has anything to do with it. I'm just saying that if someone was paying millions of dollars to produce something with horses, and it resulted in the careless deaths of several horses, then I could see that same someone (HBO) saying, "Hey, we gotta cool it on the horses". It could be more of a PR thing, or just covering their bases to make sure they don't make the same mistake twice, but in no way would it have anything to do with filming schedules. I hope you're not thinking that I thought they were trying to use the same horses on Luck as they did on Thrones or something like that.Yes they were using thoroughbreds on Luck, for TV and Film they use more sturdy horse than that, in fact many places supply 'film horse'... I don't know what they have in Northern Ireland , surely they have them in Ireland or GB.
2089	boojam	2012-05-09	She asks Xaro for ships before she goes to the warlocks.Xaro is pleading for her to marry him, but refuses to assist her in getting back the Iron Throne.  She says if each of the 13 would lend me 10 ships-""You would have one hundred thirty ships, and no crew to sail them.  The justice of your cause means naught to the common men of Qarth.  Why should sailors care who sits upon the throne of some other kingdom at the edge of the world?""I will pay them to care.""With what coin, sweet star of my heaven?""With the gold the seekers bring.""You may do that," Xaro acknowledged, "but so much caring will cost dear.  You will need to pay them far more than I do, and all of Qarth laughs at my ruinous generosity."She then goes on to say she will ask the Guild of Spicers and Tourmaline Brotherhood for aid and Xaro says they will not help her, before saying she will have to go to the warlocks then.Xaro protests and says he will give her jewels and luxuries of all types if she will take him as her husband."But it was ships and soldiers I wanted." said Dany (which of course TV Xaro has implied he would give).It's true she asks even more than Xaro and they all turn her down.What her plan with the ships was George never explained , except that she was too naive.When she does get ships she goes to Slavers bay due to the story about the Unsullied.
2090	teemo	2012-05-09	My friend, who has been obsessed with Dany since the beginning of the series (never read the books) was finally annoyed with her this week.  He said he felt embarrassed for her when she started doing the whole "Mother of Dragons/Blood & Fire" thing and said that she's starting to get on his nerves.  He doesn't understand how she was so lovable first season and now she's like this.  He's also reading the books now.....wonder if he'll find her even more annoying in the books.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 10 May 2012 - 12:49 AM.
2091	Tewks44	2012-05-09	I have no particular nitpicks, but It just frustrates me how season one was universally praised for following the books so closely, and now the writers are throwing in random changes that don't seem necessary at all.  I'm starting to feel like the writers are acting in their own interests at this point and trying to re-write certain aspects of the series based solely on the fact they think they're better writers.
2092	birdsong66	2012-05-10	I'm adding myself to the group of women who don't enjoy sappy romantic stories.Shall we have T-Shirts made?The Robb-Volantis Medicine Mystery Woman who is Sassy and Socially Conscious pairing MAKES MY ASS TWITCH WITH DISCOMFORT.I don't imagine this is the desired response.I would like a T-Shirt for this, as well.
2093	teemo	2012-05-10	I guess I get it from my mom.  She's not into romantic stuff either.  Definitely.  Need t-shirts.  I'm in!
2094	Fat Mac	2012-05-10	I guess I'm one of the odd ones out when it comes to the show. I look at the show through different eyes than the books. I dont care that Tywin "smiled", I dont care that they include people like Talisa and use Littlefinger a lot, and I really dont care that Myrcella cried.
However, the only think I found a little lame, not because it "deviated" from the story or anything was the Hound killing those three guys. He seemed robotic, like Frankenstein's monster or something, espicially when he picked the guy up by the neck. And I find the Spice King hilarious and he shows the audience that Dany really needs a reality check.
2095	teemo	2012-05-10	I kind of like the Spice King, even though he's gotten a lot of hate.  I enjoy how he puts Dany in her place at times.  He's also a very good actor.
2096	rappin'Hodor	2012-05-10	Well, unfortunately this is the price you pay with HBO - bless 'em.  They think we ladies want to see bits of romance in a big gritty drama.  Shout-out to HBO - we don't!!!!  We really don't need lots of romance.  We really don't want to be pandered to because it's pretty Kit or pretty Richard and we want to see them paired up and 'shipped'.  I'm a blood a guts gal, meself; a grown-up.  I can't wait for Blackwater.Seriously though - I do think there's an element of 'we must cater for the ladies' in this, guys and gals.  And it's patronising as hell to me, personally - don't know about the other females here.I know what you mean, but take it from a book-loving fan of the show who watches with his non-book reading wife, the Dany story is BY FAR her favorite.  My brother has not read the books, is a huge fan of the series and watches with his wife as well (she has not read the books) and he says the same thing.  A couple of weeks ago we got together.  My brother and I were discussing plot development, different political factions, etc.  Our wives spent 20 min discussing Margaery Tyrell's weird dresses. I hate to say it, but the women who watch who have no interest in the cheesy romance angles are probably a very small, insignifacnt demographic.  HBO have done their homework, know this and we're not going to get away from it.
2097	teemo	2012-05-10	I know what you mean, but take it from a book-loving fan of the show who watches with his non-book reading wife, the Dany story is BY FAR her favorite.  My brother has not read the books, is a huge fan of the series and watches with his wife as well (she has not read the books) and he says the same thing.  A couple of weeks ago we got together.  My brother and I were discussing plot development, different political factions, etc.  Our wives spent 20 min discussing Margaery Tyrell's weird dresses.I hate to say it, but the women who watch who have no interest in the cheesy romance angles are probably a very small, insignifacnt demographic.  HBO have done their homework, know this and we're not going to get away from it.Yeah, I think the women on this board are probably the minority.  We're die-hard fans, and if we were obsessed with cheesy romance, we probably wouldn't be so into ASOIAF.  I don't think I have ever discussed anyone's dress (except - "oh, that's ugly").  I try to talk about plot developments, etc., with my boyfriend, but it bores him. That's why I'm on here /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2098	Honey Badger	2012-05-10	Oh I am not sticking up for them. I am pointing out how it is BULLSHIT haha. I totally agree with you, and have really hated the writers this season (for the most part). I love the subtly, the foreshadowing, the tricks GRRM plays on us readers. The writers, however, feel that we are too dumb and need to be spoonfed all of the material. Perfect example: every Stannis and Dany rant this season.Agreed.  This is something I really don't like about the show.  The books in ASOIAF, and other shows on HBO such as The Wire, The Sopranos, and Deadwood do a good job of letting things go unsaid and allow the audience to deduce the rest.  With this show, with how much nuance should exist, is for whatever reason very dumb and obvious.  Still enjoy it, but they are really assuming the audience are a bunch of fools.
2099	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-11	1) I have a complaint about Osha (not the nudity). I dont understand why she had to seep with Theon. It seems she was there of her own initiative. And since in TV she did, why didnt she kill Theon?!
I dont get it. They are fleeing anyway so her life would likely be forfeit whether she kills Theon or not.
I found this (amongst many other things) super clumsy story telling. Audiences are not idiots.
2) I dont believe for a second that Qhorin would not have gone looking for Jon. He couldnt have run that far and that long such that Qhorin wouldnt have found him... stupid stupid storytelling.
2100	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-11	Yeah, I think the women on this board are probably the minority.  We're die-hard fans, and if we were obsessed with cheesy romance, we probably wouldn't be so into ASOIAF.  I don't think I have ever discussed anyone's dress (except - "oh, that's ugly").  I try to talk about plot developments, etc., with my boyfriend, but it bores him. That's why I'm on here /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I could happily discuss, at least briefly, some of the dresses; but I'm not a huge romance fan unless the relationship is done in a way that interests me - i.e. Sandor and Sansa in the books (not quite a romance yet, but an unusual and yet powerful relationship), Ned and Catelyn (really believable Lord and Lady who married for duty and fell in love) and even Drogo and Dany (which I doubt would have lasted, but the actors in Season 1 did manage to convey the evolution of the relationship and the definite lust, love and tenderness that characterized it).  The relationship of TV-Robb and "Talisa" is cliched, uninteresting, and a waste of time that could be devoted to practically anything else and interest me more.  The best that can be said for Robb-Talisa scenes is that their screentime together is better than anything with Roz; but that's not saying much.  And I don't dislike Oona Chaplin; she's got an interesting face, but gawd, the lines that they're giving her and Robb /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> .  I think I'd even rather read a Danielle Steel novel than see more of them; and I really don't like Danielle Steel (tried one book of hers - boring).
2101	Ran	2012-05-11	Do people dislike the Spice King? He's a bright spot in the Dany storyline this season, IMO. Reconcile that, folks who are convinced that I hate any and all deviations
2102	Arkash	2012-05-11	I too really enjoy the Spice King... yeah, that was a really useful comment, I know!
2103	FloredaA	2012-05-11	Yeah, I think the women on this board are probably the minority.  We're die-hard fans, and if we were obsessed with cheesy romance, we probably wouldn't be so into ASOIAF.  I don't think I have ever discussed anyone's dress (except - "oh, that's ugly").  I try to talk about plot developments, etc., with my boyfriend, but it bores him. That's why I'm on here /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I hate to say it, but the women who watch who have no interest in the cheesy romance angles are probably a very small, insignifacnt demographic.  HBO have done their homework, know this and we're not going to get away from it.If you base your assessment of the demographic of readers/watchers on what's around you, you might be way off. After all, all the people I know who've read the books (and started to read them years ago) are women and I'm not drawing conclusions that ASOIAF is chick-lit.
2104	Mad Queen	2012-05-11	I like the Spice King, brilliant actor who is making it obvious how ridiculous Dany's demands are.
2105	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-11	1) I have a complaint about Osha (not the nudity). I dont understand why she had to seep with Theon. It seems she was there of her own initiative. And since in TV she did, why didnt she kill Theon?!I dont get it. They are fleeing anyway so her life would likely be forfeit whether she kills Theon or not.I found this (amongst many other things) super clumsy story telling. Audiences are not idiots.Well, he's trying to play the part of the "firm ruler" right now; he's a green boy compared to the other Ironborn who came along with him. If the prince dies, Dagmer and Lorren would probably put the entire castle to the sword, burn it, and flee.I thought it was the same plot point that GRRM made in CoK. That if something happens to Theon, Black Lorren and Reek will be able to do whatever they like, which should "have them praying for my success."
2106	Silverx2	2012-05-11	However, the only think I found a little lame, not because it "deviated" from the story or anything was the Hound killing those three guys. He seemed robotic, like Frankenstein's monster or something, espicially when he picked the guy up by the neck.The only thing about that scene for me was the camera work. I like how sandor killed the three guys and then sort of turned his back to sansa sheathed his dagger and then composed him self for a second before turning around. It was a small way to show that he didnt want her to see him in kill mode. But again it just had really bad camera work.
2107	Tewks44	2012-05-11	1) I have a complaint about Osha (not the nudity). I dont understand why she had to seep with Theon. It seems she was there of her own initiative. And since in TV she did, why didnt she kill Theon?!I dont get it. They are fleeing anyway so her life would likely be forfeit whether she kills Theon or not.I found this (amongst many other things) super clumsy story telling. Audiences are not idiots.2) I dont believe for a second that Qhorin would not have gone looking for Jon. He couldnt have run that far and that long such that Qhorin wouldnt have found him... stupid stupid storytelling.Another thing I found odd about this is wouldn't Theon's quarters be guarded AT ALL TIMES.  I'd doubt that Osha would be able to just waltz out like it was no big deal.
2108	7V3N	2012-05-11	Do people dislike the Spice King? He's a bright spot in the Dany storyline this season, IMO. Reconcile that, folks who are convinced that I hate any and all deviations /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Great acting on his part. I think it is a good job to convey Dany's desperation and how she is a lot like Vis was, a beggar. Having said that I do not like what he is a part of: oversimplifying the ruling forces of Qarth.To be honest, I would have preferred a largely cut version of Dany in this season to allow better scenes for others (not Ros or Littlefinger though).In concerns to Osha sleeping with Theon: It could be simply to monitor him. Make sure he is fast alseep before Bran & co. head out of Winterfell. A stretch, I know, but I gotta at least try to make sense of what these stupid writers are doing.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 11 May 2012 - 10:56 AM.
2109	Tadco26	2012-05-11	Do people dislike the Spice King? He's a bright spot in the Dany storyline this season, IMO. Reconcile that, folks who are convinced that I hate any and all deviations /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I dislike that his converstations with Dany play out like parodies, with Dany looking like a complete moron most of the time.  It's much more a complaint about the writing than either actor.
2110	teemo	2012-05-11	They do make her look like a moron.  Whether or not I think that's an accurate portrayal of the books is a whole different story, but having her say all of the time, "I will take what is mine with blood and fire!" (which she doesn't even say in the books) is getting really old.  She's prattling on like a spoiled princess, but has nothing to back it up right now.  Even my non-book friends that are huge Dany lovers are getting sick of her.  But don't fear, I'm sure D&D will make her more of a "badass" soon enough.
2111	Kittykatknits	2012-05-11	Yeah, I think the women on this board are probably the minority.  We're die-hard fans, and if we were obsessed with cheesy romance, we probably wouldn't be so into ASOIAF.  I don't think I have ever discussed anyone's dress (except - "oh, that's ugly").  I try to talk about plot developments, etc., with my boyfriend, but it bores him. That's why I'm on here /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Well, I'm a woman who has been reading the books for over ten years and also love romance. So, I guess I'm even more of a minority? But, I like unusal, unique, well-done romance. The Robb romance is filled with Hollywood cliche. Generic, sassy woman schools the guy. He becomes infatuated but she doesn't seem to care. Conversation that attempts to be witty ensue then they kiss with sex to follow a bit later. I can go get that at a Saturday matinee, it's not what I want from this show.Romance, sex, love and relationship all exist in  Westeros just as they do here so I expect them to be a part of the narrative. But, I don't read the books for those elements alone. If that's what I wanted, I'd read Nora Roberts, if I could stand to read more than two or three pages of her stuff.And, I find the Spice King to be the most enjoyable part of Dany's storyline this season. He owns her and I've laughed every time he appears on the screen. Her "blood and fire" routine makes my teeth itch. But, at this point, she don't have a plan or army and has zero experience ruling. I think the writers are trying to show that but are doing it by hitting us with a brick, their preferred story method this season it seems.At least we can be guaranteed there will be no Ros with her though, so that's a bonus. Unless, she goes with Tyrion to Essos when they get to that point in the story. In which case, I'll be the one crying in the corner.
2112	Nuncle Patchwell	2012-05-12	The Spice King is fabulous. He reminds me of Carroll's Hatter.
Btw, I cannot recall if Dany had really used "fire and blood" phrase before she did in the last episode. I mean, not including teasers. Anyone care to help?
And even if she had, I would find this rather understandable. It is like "winter is coming" to her.
Edit: grammar + typo
					
					
							Edited by Shagwell-the-funny-foe, 12 May 2012 - 01:29 PM.
2113	madman2711	2012-05-13	If the spoilers are true the Qarth plot will hit the fan this sunday
2114	Zod	2012-05-13	Another thing I found odd about this is wouldn't Theon's quarters be guarded AT ALL TIMES.  I'd doubt that Osha would be able to just waltz out like it was no big deal.Why would the guards protect someone they despise? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2115	Zod	2012-05-13	Great acting on his part. I think it is a good job to convey Dany's desperation and how she is a lot like Vis was, a beggar. Having said that I do not like what he is a part of: oversimplifying the ruling forces of Qarth.To be honest, I would have preferred a largely cut version of Dany in this season to allow better scenes for others (not Ros or Littlefinger though).In concerns to Osha sleeping with Theon: It could be simply to monitor him. Make sure he is fast alseep before Bran & co. head out of Winterfell. A stretch, I know, but I gotta at least try to make sense of what these stupid writers are doing.Osha's priority was to keep the Stark kids safe. In order for them to escape, they can't be all locked up.By sleeping with Theon, she guarantees her freedom of movement in the castle and can monitor him. If she did not sleep with him, she would have been locked up, like the others.This way, she can leave Theon's bedroom at night and free the Stark kids.
2116	Ran	2012-05-13	What spoilers would those be?
2117	boojam	2012-05-13	Do people dislike the Spice King? He's a bright spot in the Dany storyline this season, IMO. Reconcile that, folks who are convinced that I hate any and all deviations /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I find Nicholas Blane (the Spice King) a fine actor.I am a little puzzled why they had to made up a character when George provided Qarth with a kind of, sort of, government ... the Pureborn ... three named in the novel...Blane could have played one them, they had George's usual funny names, but less unpronounceable than Xaro Xhoan Daxos . Makes not much difference , but it's less work for the teleplay writer.As far Dany,Vanessa Taylor repeats Dany's spiel which was ok once back in Garden of Bones , but would have thought  Benioff & Weiss would have scotched that for The Old Gods and the New, they too busy to review scripts? Benioff & Weiss repeated Dany's assertiveness in The Ghost of Harrenhal , but I don't mind that , since I thought George was a slow in that department in the novel.One grouse.I am tired of seeing Dany without the dragon crown the Tourmaline Brotherhood gave her.That would take only about 30 seconds to introduce.Will she ever get that dragon crown in this series?Osha's priority was to keep the Stark kids safe. In order for them to escape, they can't be all locked up.By sleeping with Theon, she guarantees her freedom of movement in the castle and can monitor him. If she did not sleep with him, she would have been locked up, like the others.This way, she can leave Theon's bedroom at night and free the Stark kids.You nailed it!And some poster around here said that the show spells out things too explicitly!That poster should pay more attention , they way you did.The only thing about that scene for me was the camera work. I like how sandor killed the three guys and then sort of turned his back to sansa sheathed his dagger and then composed him self for a second before turning around. It was a small way to show that he didnt want her to see him in kill mode. But again it just had really bad camera work.To me it does not look like the cinematographer's fault so much as either the location or shooting set.(I don't think this and some other scenes were shot on a sound stage.)Just looking at it, does not seem this was shot in NI, looks like a location in Dubrovnik.Even the riot scene looked 'squeezed'.They seem to use existing locations, well old Dubrovnik is a middle ages town, but there sometimes does not seem to a place or enough space  to put a camera properly. Surely they could scout better locations?If it came to that , I am guessing, there are sound stages in Croatia , have to be. Probably not expensive to set up either.I think Dubrovnik looks better than Malta, but, for what ever the reason, cinematography there has had it's awkward moments.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 13 May 2012 - 08:37 AM.
2118	WinterfellRose	2012-05-13	I haven't read whole thread, but I have just some little thing that come to my mind....
Where the hell was Bronn during the riot? Isn't he the Commander of the City Watch?
Jon and Ygritte speaking about lighting a fire.... How you want to light a fire there, if you wanted to? There is no wood anywhere!!! Do rocks burn?
Sir Armory Lorch, when you run after a little girl among the ruins, look around the corners...!!!
I am getting tired of Dany's tantrums ending with 'Fire and blood!'......(and I guess am not the only one)
And they better introduce the damn Tyrion's chain next episode.....it's getting late and Stannis is coming....
2119	boojam	2012-05-13	Where the hell was Bronn during the riot? Isn't he the Commander of the City Watch?Hasn't that happened more than once?Back when Bronn was a free ranging sell sword , I could understand it.Now I can see Bronn not taking his duties with the City Watch seriously , but would think Tyrion could not stand that for long and put someone else in charge, which , come to think of it, Bronn would probably like that.As far as I remember Bronn was never head of the City Watch, but like commander of "Tyrion's guards", who became a disposable teleplay idem.Bronn is almost as mysterious a character as Jaqen. As far as I know from the books we have never found out his background and with two novels to go it looks as if we never will.In the show he is evasive about his past ... which made me think he part of one of the many consorned conspiracies going one.Love Jerome Flynn , another one of the craggy actors D&D found.Never seen an interview with him.
							Edited by boojam, 13 May 2012 - 01:35 PM.
2120	Davos55	2012-05-13	Bronn is awesome! He is one of the characters who I would love expanded upon more.  He is one of my favorite characters in the novels, and I  think he will play some sort of role in the last 2 novels..I certainly hope so at least!
If they added some stuff with Bronn...I wouldn't complain!
Good point about him not being at the riot though..that really makes no sense! Maybe he was researching the chain for Tyrion..which BETTER be mentioned soon!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 13 May 2012 - 02:49 PM.
2121	WinterfellRose	2012-05-13	I read somewhere that GRRM said that Bronn still has a part to play in next books,which would be great.
We can explain his absence in the riot however we want, I also like to think he was busy somewhere on Tyrion's orders, either supervising the wildfire production or something with that chain...
Most likely, however, the actor just wasn't present or available when the were shooting that scene.... It's a shame though, these shortcomings are probably difficult to avoid when filming something on this scale...
2122	Fengari	2012-05-13	No nitpicks about 'that's not like the books!', I've done that in the respective threads, and I'm trying to accept changes and enjoy the series as it is presented.
But:
- Dagmer about Rodrick: 'he has to pay the Iron price'. 'Paying the Iron price' as established earlier in the series, means not buying stuff with gold, but looting with raids and conquest. So how does that apply to Rodrick?
- Very nice of Lord Tywin to give Arya the opportunity to turn her back to LF when pouring his wine, by holding his cup all the way next to him, instead of just leaving it standing on the table as would be the normal thing to do. Apart from that, I must say the whole Tywin/Arya 'relationship' is starting to get very unbelievable to me too. I was willing to disregard the unlikelyness of Tywin just accepting his lying-cupbearer-with-an-attitude, thinking it possible that he just likes smart, feisty kids. But come on, he already knows she is a northern girl, for some reason trying to hide her identity. Now he realises that she can read. I cannot believe he doesn't realise the potential danger of letting that girl clear the table that holds a lot of papers with sensitive war info. He can even see she is interested in them. He may assume she has no way of getting that info out of Harrenhall, but that's a pretty big assumption to make, isn't it? And Arya, on the other hand, is getting very sloppy as well. Again, I can see going for the book so soon and giving away she can read as an honest mistake, but taking the letter instead of reading it on the spot, then reading it in plain sight of some guards, and then running around with it in her hand? Please, she's smarter than that.
- Those wildling scouts aren't very dedicated to their task, are they? Seems like being on the lookout is pretty low on their priority list.
- Jon Snow really knows nothing...
- The riot scene, so many problems with that: Ok no horses, I get that (don't agree with the choice, but I get the reason). But a little more obvious security measures would have been a good idea. Like for instance a cordon of guards keeping the crowd away from the procession, instead of two guards standing between the royal family and the crowd, and a few more walking along? Then Tyrion tells a guard to 'take the prince back to the keep, now', at which the guard, the prince and his nan turn around and walk the other way. Where are they going? Is that the shortest route to the keep? Then why aren't the others taking that as well? Did they feel like taking a leasurely stroll downtown? The mob taking down the septon looked pretty fake and organised as well, not at all mob-like.
- So all the soldiers of Harrenhall see one of their commanders chasing a girl, and none try to stop her? Also, Lorch not taking that extra step to look behind the corner...
- If I was a King and I was curious about a certain mysterious stranger who I find writing letters in my army camp, I would demand that she shows them to me. Even if he doesn't believe she's a spy (again that naivity and carelessness in someone who is supposed to be a smart strategist), it might provide some clues as to who she really is...
2123	Mad Queen	2012-05-13	If Jon couldn't even chat with his friends, how is it supposed to be believable that Tywin would reminisce to his cupbearer? I don't care about most deviations from the book, but this one really breaks my suspension of disbelief.
2124	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	Favourite change ever.
The setup with the Spice Merchant was great.  I personally didn't get why anyone would put up with her shit at this point and I'm glad HBO gave that plot a bit more balls.
If they do end up as being a prize at the end of the House of the Undying I doubt she'll learn anything.
	Spoiler   Apart from her seeing a lot while inside.

I like Daeny but she needs to learn from her delusions.  She doesn't seem to get that until she is shitting herself in aDoD in the book series.  I think it could be a good thing for her character development in the show that might make her more enjoyable then she has been in the books.  Makes sense in the show context as well considering how much more pathetic her khalasar is here.
2125	sennahoj	2012-05-07	i think it is the boldest and in my opinion best change from the books so far. I actually like the fact that all three dragons will be in the House of the Undying as opposed to just Drogon. Dany having to free her children adds a new dimension to her being a mother of dragons.
I missed Jorah on the show. Could he have a part in the theft?
					
					
							Edited by sennahoj, 07 May 2012 - 04:24 AM.
2126	TormundGiantsbane	2012-05-07	I missed Jorah on the show. Could he have a part in the theft?He was probably off sending reports to Westeros.
2127	ClaireWhiteMuse	2012-05-07	So there was a change, I have read the books as they first came out back in the late 90s and first of the 2000s.. so it's a WHILE ago, just done with aDwD and I must admit I draw a blank here and there. 
I didn't recall most of the things about Daenarys, especially in this episode. I am re-reading  aCoK for safety, but it's going to take a while, can someone please here remind me what are the main changes in the Dany storyline?
2128	Hallar	2012-05-07	I missed Jorah on the show. Could he have a part in the theft?Not sure, but I have a feeling that the man carrying off the dragons is Ser Barristan Selmy, though, it would be a rather strange way to re-introduce him.
2129	The Monkey	2012-05-07	Intriguing change, I like it.
It always bothered me in the books how easy it would be for someone to take the dragons (pre-Slaver's Bay), yet no one ever did. This highlight's Dany vulnerability, and how weak the dragons actually are at this point as instruments of power.
Plus, it gives us book viewers something to bite our nails over too.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 07 May 2012 - 05:38 AM.
2130	sennahoj	2012-05-07	Not sure, but I have a feeling that the man carrying off the dragons is Ser Barristan Selmy, though, it would be a rather strange way to re-introduce him.Hm, that would be strange. It would hardly fit the character. He left Westeros to serve the true king (or queen), so why would he seek to gain favour by stealing the dragons. I don't think it's Jorah either carrying the dragons, but what I gather from the Ep7 preview is that Dany is mad at him, maybe because he left the dragons so poorly guarded?Since Doreah is missing, it would be obvious to suspect her. But then Dany send her away in the previous episode to sleep around. So Doreah could either have no part in the dragonapping at all, she could have been forced to help the perpetrators (threats, violence, magic), or she helped willingly seeking to gain from it herself. Personally, I'd only consider the second possibility.
2131	Nebmai	2012-05-07	I liked the change, really at this point Dany is a bit of a beggar queen; not until she follows some of Jorah's best advice, melts faces and gets an army is she really much of anything to be reckoned with especially on Essos.
2132	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	I hope that it was not Jorah stealing the dragons, that would be too much for dany to ever forgive, presuming she will ever end up forgiving jorah
2133	Arkash	2012-05-07	I agree, really great changes!
2134	lmanion	2012-05-07	Pyat pree stole the dragons and he is the guy in the preview, and he is walking to THOTU at the end
					
					
							Edited by lmanion, 07 May 2012 - 06:47 AM.
2135	episodenone	2012-05-07	I didn't even remember the Dragons ever being kidnapped -- but it's been a while and I read fast.
Can someone remind me what actually happened in the novels?
You all seem pretty ok with it -- so it's probably not bad -- lately though -- I think the series in the end will stand up best for people who don't read the novels. 
Because for me right now, despite my problems with the novels -- i like them much better.
2136	Fez	2012-05-07	I liked this change; anything on the show that can surprise me without dramatically altering the story is good in my opinion (if one of the dragons was killed, I wouldn't be a fan of that). My first thought when I saw it though was "oh man, the board is gonna hate this".
2137	HannibalStark	2012-05-07	I didn't even remember the Dragons ever being kidnapped -- but it's been a while and I read fast.Can someone remind me what actually happened in the novels?You all seem pretty ok with it -- so it's probably not bad -- lately though -- I think the series in the end will stand up best for people who don't read the novels.Because for me right now, despite my problems with the novels -- i like them much better.they don't
2138	Storms End	2012-05-07	Good change I thought, adds a little more action to her journey for clash, the greatest change HBO have made so far and I think they did it right.
2139	Rockroi	2012-05-07	I am willing to give the change time to develop.  But at the same time, in the books, Dany's development through the House of the Undying is fine; its not like I needed a kidnapping plot to keep me invested.
And everything they add on in this show means one more thing they have to take away in later episodes (or whole seasons).  As stated before, the problem with the show is not acting, writing, dialog, character arc's etc- its time.  There is a finite amount of time to get all the pertinent information out there.  Therefore, every time the writers add something it has to be for a very good reason AND we have to be prepared for something else to be taken away.  That's ultimately my issue: I like story building and I like creative direction, but I also want to be sure that the show will do what needs to be done. 
Therefore, I am willing to let this plot play out.  At the same time- there are other characters out there that I really do enjoy seeing and who tie in far more directly with the plot AND do not require whole-sale rewrites.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 07 May 2012 - 07:59 AM.
2140	Arkash	2012-05-07	My first thought when I saw it though was "oh man, the board is gonna hate this".Yet, Fez, like we said on the other topic, I hope most people here are more like of us, accepting small changes that do not drive the story into total different ways, and this tiny change is nothing really drasticly changing!
2141	madman2711	2012-05-07	am I the only one who thinks that only two of the dragons were taken
and Drogon was saved away by Jorah and Doreah
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 07 May 2012 - 08:11 AM.
2142	Arkash	2012-05-07	Nice idea... I was starting to believe Doreah betrayed, but your idea makes sense in the way that Dany will go to the Hotu to recover Viserion and Rhaegal with only Drogon on her shoulder.
2143	Versiroth	2012-05-07	I don't think anyone betrayed Dany here.  She goes to the House of the Undying in the book and she'll also do so in the TV series.  The difference being that they've given her a more obvious "enemy" now in the TV series.  She'll likely find out that they took the dragons, she'll go there, they'll force her to drink the shade of the evening, she'll she the visions and then the dragons will burn the place down.  
This way is just more dramatic and interesting than the events in the book.
2144	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-07	I am intrigued by the change but I want to see how it plays out before passing judgment one way or the other.  Depending on the creativity of the resolution, this could be a great storyline change or an awful one.  If the dragon rescue ends up just being all slap-dick action sequences I will be very disappointed.
One thing's for certain - it's given book readers a genuine shock and a mystery to watch unfold, which puts us in the same position as non-readers.  Kinda exciting!
My personal theory is that Xaro has something to do with it, and that Pyat Pree is being set up as a catspaw for the audience's (and perhaps Dany's) benefit.  XXD in the series comes off as a smooth operator but there's plenty more to him than meets the eye.  He even tells Dany that he didn't become the richest man in Qarth by following all the rules of polite society.
					
					
							Edited by Ferrum Aeternum, 07 May 2012 - 08:39 AM.
2145	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-07	If her visions were not cut then HBO made a GREAT move. I was mad about it because of the "heat of the moment", now I understand it perfectly.
2146	Ser Giant	2012-05-07	I have a feeling they may kill one or two of the dragons and only leave Drogon, it would be very cost effective and I don't think we've seen any dragon this season besides Drogon.
2147	episodenone	2012-05-07	BAD Idea.  Shoulda just started with 1 egg then.
The 3 heads of the dragon are such an important plot in ASOIAF this would be a travesty.
2148	Greenseer Stark	2012-05-07	My personal theory is that Xaro has something to do with it, and that Pyat Pree is being set up as a catspaw for the audience's (and perhaps Dany's) benefit.  XXD in the series comes off as a smooth operator but there's plenty more to him than meets the eye.  He even tells Dany that he didn't become the richest man in Qarth by following all the rules of polite society.I agree with this theory. They have changed Xaro's character quite radically from the books and made him a lot more mysterious.  I think Pyat Pree was who we saw at the end of the episode. Don't like the idea of Doreah being the one to steal.
2149	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-07	The episode description for next week says that Dany receives an invitation to the House of the Undying, suggesting the warlocks stole her dragons. So I really don't see why Doreah would be taking the dragons to the House of the Undying.
2150	Roose Seal	2012-05-07	If we take only what happened in the show, it's hard to guess who stole the dragons. The Spice King was mean to her, Xaro said he'd done some nasty things and the "previously on" showed us Pyat. At this point it could be any of the three. 
Book readers are naturally going to suspect Pyat Pree because it'd make sense.
Either way, it was a great move, Dany's storyline in CoK was boring as hell up until the HotU.
2151	scurvy	2012-05-07	Not sure, but I have a feeling that the man carrying off the dragons is Ser Barristan Selmy, though, it would be a rather strange way to re-introduce him.I actually think Whitebeard will be introduced as helping save her dragons- that way they don't need Strong Belwas.
2152	David Selig	2012-05-07	Doreah betraying Dany would really come out of left field, there have been no hints of it at all in the previous episodes. I think it's more probable she was away on some other business, most likely seducing men for information as mentioned in the previous episodes.
 I hope so at least, she has to remain with Dany for a long time, otherwise it would be a damn shame. They already killed Irri off, it would be too much if they get rid of both of them and leave only Jorah as the only developed character near Dany.
2153	Roose Seal	2012-05-07	If you look closely at the end, you can very very briefly see a small part of the person's face and it looked pale, waxy and wrinkled... If only there was someone of that complexion who could want to lure Dany into something ... hmmm
2154	A Stark in Salem	2012-05-07	Sorry to disagree, but I personally hated this change from start to finish.For one: who got past her bad-ass Dothraki guards? This city is supposed to be more nearly a wealthy dying corpse that the vibrant and fresh way they are showing it. In the books it's made  point that the soldiers are effeminate and seem more for show than anything else. Their primary defense is the endless desert on the one side and sea on the other. But this scene make her remaining soldiers seem ineffectual and further, her dragons no more dangerous than three cats in a cage.How'd the thief manage to pull them out and put them in his back pack cage anyway? They only respond to Dany and would fight anyone who showed up to steal them, especially with a lot of violence and noise preceding it. Yes, they are vulnerable to being killed, but that's not the same at all to not being able to fry someone's face when they opened up their cages. Not to mention those nasty looking claws and teeth.Overall I loved the episode right up to that scene, at which point I wanted to scream at the writers. I expect it will all end up at the same basic ending, but why not skip this little scene altogether and give some more time to another plot line. She certainly doesn't get equal time in the books, at least not this one. No reason to have to invent stuff to keep viewers connected IMO.
2155	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	The change from the book turns the Undying from victims/innocent bystanders to antagonists, which says something of dany's character development more than any long term impact on the story.
In the book, she is invited to the HotU (IIRC) goes through it and then is "rescued" by drogon as the visions get too intense (Again IIRC), in the meantime destroying the HotU. 
In the series, clearly the Undying (assuming they are behind the abduction of the dragons) are bad guys
One of the interesting aspects of Dany is her regular stampeding of people in her way, her almost casual indifference to the destruction in her wake as evident by
the House of the Undying
Turning on the slavers immediately after taking all of the Unsullied, by using her dragon (which she sold to the slaver)-clearly did not trade honorably
Abandoning the Yunkai to the slaver army abdicating responsibility for the chaos she left behind her
abandoning the slaves outside of Mereene
2156	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	I couldnt understand the Christ reference by the guy carrying the dragons with his arms spread like he was carrying a cross up Cavalry Hill
2157	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-07	I couldnt understand the Christ reference by the guy carrying the dragons with his arms spread like he was carrying a cross up Cavalry HillWeight distribution of 3 crates? Same concept as those water bucket carrying stick things.
2158	madman2711	2012-05-07	I only saw two tails when the thief was with the dragon cages
Maybe im wrong but i bet that doreah took drogon with / without jorah
It makes sense after the last episode doreah was all over drogon and horah was warned by quaithe 
But i dont think that any of the dragons will be harmed they are an essential part of danny story 
I prefer not seeing them all season than killing them for budget reasons 
D&D only gaved us some tails this episode so we can have more dragons later
2159	Lord Petyr Baelish	2012-05-07	Its a welcomed plot change.
I like some of the changes the show has made so far. They stay true to the books while adding in scenes that can keep the plot more intriguing.
This change will evoke more emotion from Dany's character(I love seeing her angry, so hot), and hopefully make the house of the undying more interesting then it was portrayed in the book.
2160	sarah.jenice	2012-05-07	I am intrigued by the change but I want to see how it plays out before passing judgment one way or the other.  Depending on the creativity of the resolution, this could be a great storyline change or an awful one.  If the dragon rescue ends up just being all slap-dick action sequences I will be very disappointed.One thing's for certain - it's given book readers a genuine shock and a mystery to watch unfold, which puts us in the same position as non-readers.  Kinda exciting!My personal theory is that Xaro has something to do with it, and that Pyat Pree is being set up as a catspaw for the audience's (and perhaps Dany's) benefit.  XXD in the series comes off as a smooth operator but there's plenty more to him than meets the eye.  He even tells Dany that he didn't become the richest man in Qarth by following all the rules of polite society.I am so glad to see someone else saying this because I thought it was Xaro, too. TV Xaro is too perfect, and they need to make some way for things to go sour between him and Dany. In the book, he wants her to forget about the Seven Kingdoms and sail away on a pleasure barg with him, forgetting about everything she is fighting for and entering a loveless marriage. In the show, he is offering her ships, his vast wealth and pretty much anything she would need to conquer the Seven Kingdoms. It would be odd if she didn't consider his proposal even though Jorah told her to make her own way, Xaro has given her a very sweet deal that show viewers wouldn't understand why she would pass it up (I know my fiance said, "She marries him, right?")Also, Xaro takes her to the Spice King and has her waiting a very long - something he could have set up to keep her gone longer. The are in his home, and it seems strange that richest man in Qarth would have a place that could be broken into so easily. If Dany's people saw Xaro's people coming, they would have been caught off guard at first because they trust them. We know Xaro really wanted a dragon in the books, and he tells Dany he's done a lot of shady stuff to get to where he's at so I wouldn't put it past him to steal the dragons. The warlocks can do some magic tricks, but are they good warriors? Could they have killed so many of Dany's people that easily? I don't think so.I could see Xaro blaming it on the warlocks, and Dany going to the House of the Undying and learning the truth. That is just what I lean toward, but I wouldn't be disappointed or surprised if the warlocks did steal the dragons. I think they would work in that storyline, too, and would like to see all three dragons help Dany escape.This is definitely a change I didn't mind. I absolutely love the books, but it is exciting to not know where they are going with the story. It adds drama and fun because we book readers don't know everything that is going to happen. And as others have said, I think it adds some more interesting drama for Dany's story.
2161	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-07	In the book, she is invited to the HotU (IIRC) goes through it and then is "rescued" by drogon as the visions get too intense (Again IIRC), in the meantime destroying the HotU. Nope. The warlocks try to kill her, so Drogon burns them.
2162	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-07	TV Xaro is too perfect, and they need to make some way for things to go sour between him and Dany. In the book, he wants her to forget about the Seven Kingdoms and sail away on a pleasure barg with him, forgetting about everything she is fighting for and entering a loveless marriage. In the show, he is offering her ships, his vast wealth and pretty much anything she would need to conquer the Seven Kingdoms. It would be odd if she didn't consider his proposal even though Jorah told her to make her own way, Xaro has given her a very sweet deal that show viewers wouldn't understand why she would pass it up (I know my fiance said, "She marries him, right?")Exactly.  His offer is simply too good to be true, and he is too charming besides.  The seeds of this idea for me began when he vouched for her at the gates of Qarth in episode 4 - where perhaps the other members of the Thirteen saw Dany as a charlatan or an inconvenience, he saw an opportunity and a risk worth taking.  Why?  For the promise of power offered by the dragons. Show-Xaro appears to have a bit of a chip on his shoulder.  He's now referenced his humble beginnings at least once in each episode, and it's implied from the Spice King's verbal barbs that XXD isn't exactly respected amongst his peers in the Thirteen.  Perhaps Xaro wants to change the order of things in Qarth and feels Dany's dragons are the key to doing so.  As you point out, there was no good reason for Dany to turn his marriage proposal down in the first place, but once she did, it's plain that a man in his position would not be above resorting to a more ruthless measure to achieve his goal. Also, Xaro takes her to the Spice King and has her waiting a very long - something he could have set up to keep her gone longer. The are in his home, and it seems strange that richest man in Qarth would have a place that could be broken into so easily. If Dany's people saw Xaro's people coming, they would have been caught off guard at first because they trust them. We know Xaro really wanted a dragon in the books, and he tells Dany he's done a lot of shady stuff to get to where he's at so I wouldn't put it past him to steal the dragons. The warlocks can do some magic tricks, but are they good warriors? Could they have killed so many of Dany's people that easily? I don't think so.All excellent points that only serve to reinforce this theory.I could see Xaro blaming it on the warlocks, and Dany going to the House of the Undying and learning the truth.Yep - the Warlocks are an easy scapegoat.  If Pree is any indication, they are weird, creepy and very interested in the dragons.  It's natural that folks would assume they would be behind the theft.  Just seems a bit too obvious to me and as you mentioned before, they aren't exactly known for their martial prowess.
2163	Blangadanger	2012-05-07	Dany's story has kept me on my toes this season, because clearly D&D are taking much more liberty with her story from the books than the other characters in the series. Part of me is frustrated that they choose to change things from the books, but I have to say, it's still very well done. I'm actually liking Dany's story a lot so far, certainly more so than I did from reading the ACoK. The Spice King and Xaro both have been very intriguing characters to watch, and I like that they've already focused on the tension between Jorah and Dany early.
I'm kind of hoping that all three of the guys mentioned (Pyat, Xaro, Spice/Grammar King) are involved with the abduction of the dragons. It will be interesting to see Dany struggling with the turmoil of losing her dragons in the House of Undying, and if they all are seen in her visions as enemies, it will make her inevitable angry blowup much more exciting.
2164	7V3N	2012-05-07	Ok, if anybody was able to get their hands only the ONLY THREE DRAGONS IN EXISTENCE, AND POSSIBLY EVER AGAIN they would never allow Dany to reclaim them. Dragons are invaluable and there is no way somebody (not as dumb as Dany) would ever let them get out of their reach. It just doesn't make sense to me.
2165	Milcov	2012-05-07	The change from the book turns the Undying from victims/innocent bystanders to antagonists, which says something of dany's character development more than any long term impact on the story.In the book, she is invited to the HotU (IIRC) goes through it and then is "rescued" by drogon as the visions get too intense (Again IIRC), in the meantime destroying the HotU.In the series, clearly the Undying (assuming they are behind the abduction of the dragons) are bad guysOne of the interesting aspects of Dany is her regular stampeding of people in her way, her almost casual indifference to the destruction in her wake as evident bythe House of the UndyingTurning on the slavers immediately after taking all of the Unsullied, by using her dragon (which she sold to the slaver)-clearly did not trade honorablyAbandoning the Yunkai to the slaver army abdicating responsibility for the chaos she left behind herabandoning the slaves outside of MereeneI thought that the Undying tried to kill her in the book? Did not trade honourably? I've heard many criticisms of this moment, but never this one. The point of it was that it was a way to win an army, by devious means.The slaves who would have brought a fatal contagious disease into her city, nice to see you'd have all of Meereen killed.
2166	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-07	am I the only one who thinks that only two of the dragons were takenand Drogon was saved away by Jorah and DoreahThis would be awesome and much better than traitor Doreah. Good catch I think!
2167	madman2711	2012-05-07	Yes but the the next episode preview suggest that all the dragons were stolen
I still hope im right
2168	zep243	2012-05-08	Several posters mentioned Xaro being involved in the theft.  I don't believe this could be the case as it seemed a lot of his household guard and/or servants were brutally slaughtered.  Why would he kill his own men?  If Xaro was involved, he could have made it look like a sneaky theft with only a couple of Dany's people killed. After rewatching, I only saw one Dothraki body in addition to Irri.  I do like the idea that Doreah was off playing with Drogon so one dragon is still safe...that would be a good twist.
Personally, I think this change has potential.  If it was committed by the Warlocks, it gives Dany a reason to go to the HotU.  In the books, I thought it was a desperate, stupid decision for Dany to enter the temple.  But she was only 15 or 16 by this point in the books, and pretty pig-headed so it made sense.  I think that the writers of the show believe that a 20 yr old Dany might be more reluctant to put herself and Drogon at risk, so she needed a stronger motivation to go the the HotU.
This is also the same reason, I believe, for the slightly contrived subplot of Arya needing to waste her second wish on Lorch.  It is not believable that this 14 yr old street smart, quick thinking girl would be dumb enough to waste a death wish on a very childish personal vendetta like killing her book tormentor Wease. Only after Tywin left did she realize that she wasted her 2nd wish.  I think TV show Arya would have used wishes 2 and 3 on The Mountain and Tywin.  The writers needed a believable way to force her hand.
All these child characters are older than the book counterparts by significant amounts.  That makes their motivations and subsequent actions much different than they were in the book.  Rob needs more than just puppy love to break his vows.  He needs a strong, confident woman not a virginal, demure young girl who nurses his boo-boo.  Sansa needs to lose her delusions faster.  Jon needs...dry rubbing? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  (Sorry for the long post!)
2169	Victarions Secret	2012-05-08	lol!! I actually had a dream about this scene last night, where I was Dany. All I could think (and scream!) was "Jorah, where the fuck are you!!!! How could you let them take my dragons, you ball-less hairy son-of-a-bear-bitch!!"
2170	DemiNymph	2012-05-08	It's too early to tell if Dany's dragons being stolen is good or bad. It really depends on the next episode and how they will portray it. For now, I'm ok with it and will adopt a wait-and-see attitude. 
But wow, TV Dany is such a little bitch. Why does she keep shooting her mouth off... what a shithead. She really needs to be taken down a peg or two.
2171	Bambi	2012-05-08	The stealing of the dragons is not a bad change but the destruction and collapse of the House of Undying will be a lot more UNdramatic than it was in the books. This way it will be just a simple campaign of revenge. In the books it was a lot smoother, Dany went to the necromancers to negotiate and out of thin air it went bad-BAD.
					
					
							Edited by Iszlai AdA!m, 08 May 2012 - 05:20 AM.
2172	PrinceRhaegar	2012-05-08	I knew this will happen and I like it. I think Doreah betrayed Deny and I think Warlocks got them. We will see how it will play out. I hope Irri's death will have some meaning, not random like Doreah's in the book. I hope we see visions in HotU, especially Rhaegar. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by PrinceRhaegar, 08 May 2012 - 05:57 AM.
2173	The Blind Girl	2012-05-08	I just hope Drogon will have enough puff to bring down the house.
2174	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	Interesting change.  There has to be some kind of betrayal involved here.  Xaro's house would have been guarded, so stealing dragons and killing lots of people would have been akin to declaring war on him.  And he's pointed out in virtually every line he's had, he's the richest man in Qarth.  So, without an obvious power behind the theft, there has to be betrayal.
2175	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-08	Add me to the list of people who think XXD's got a role in this. He's probably pissed that Dany denined him. Also, there are three dragons, so The Undying are probably thinking they can throw Xaro a bone and give him the Gold.  I've had 0 problems with the changes they've made, this one in particular being super awesome. It makes the House of the Undying seem that much more treacherous and creepy. It also helps to highlight that Dany's dragons are like children, they're young and vulnerable and need her for protection. Even when reading the series, I viewed Dany's dragons as companions more so than weapons.
That being said, I hope that tantrum Dany threw at the Spice King's is the last empty threat we'll see from her. Dany is compotent, and while young, in the books she seemed to have some grasp on how to play the game in Qarth.
2176	Tadco26	2012-05-08	Ok, if anybody was able to get their hands only the ONLY THREE DRAGONS IN EXISTENCE, AND POSSIBLY EVER AGAIN they would never allow Dany to reclaim them. Dragons are invaluable and there is no way somebody (not as dumb as Dany) would ever let them get out of their reach. It just doesn't make sense to me.We'll see how it plays out, but I do think that making the "realistic" change of someone killing most of her Kallisar and taking the dragons, opens the extremely unrealistic idea that she could recover the dragons from this person and his or her minions.  Certainly there is no logical reason to think anyone from Qarth would help her recover them, and it is highly likely that who ever took them would kill Dany the first time she tried.  Xaro would probably boot her from his home, rather than help since the dragons are all he wanted anyway (at least in the books, and he admits on the show that he already married once for love implying that he doesn't love her).  If Xaro was to be involved in the recovery the "realistic" scenario would be for him to take them back for himself.  It also opens the door for wondering why someone isn't trying to steal the dragons every single place she goes from here on out.  Or why they didn't just have her and her party killed and take the dragons when she was trying to get in the city.
2177	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	what annoys me is that last week the biggest of her dragons could barely charbroil a chicken nugget and now they will be burning down the HotU
2178	WhiteWalder	2012-05-08	I hope HBO does not start to wander too far.  Stealing dragons, Jamie is dyslexic, Littlefinger staring at Arya.  Let's just make up some shit that does not make the tv show any better.
2179	udpaco13	2012-05-08	Hated the change.  So now we have a spoiled girl who isn't even a good mother of dragons.  
I hate Dany in the TV series.  In the books her story was interesting, and you felt like she was at least trying to be a good leader/queen in training.  All she does in the show is throw tantrums.  All changes to this point were small and had no real effect on the main story, until now.  Dany never lost her dragons until ADWD and it was a huge blow to her then.  This is just going to lead to more stupidity and her running into thotu because she has to, not because she was destined to.
2180	Eddard Sand	2012-05-08	She is Daenerys the Storm Born Targaryen,The Unburnt Mother of Dragons, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men. If you dont respect that you wake the dragon. The extremely attractive dragon, that like Arya, will add you to a list of people to be killed. (burned by dragonfire in Dany's case)
So yeah she throws tantrums when one refuses her. It is her right. I personally liked the way Clarke's acting showed the barely contained rage. I felt like she was going to breathe fire herself. The show is attempting to portray that mystical otherworldlyness that Dany seems to posses in the GOT, COK, SOS, in those books she was almost like a demigod. The others,eh not so much. I loved Dany untill she got bogged down in Meereen. She should have swept across essos like a marauding mongol horde sacking cities, burning them to the ground, spreading Valyrias doom untill it encompassed the whole continent. Oh well.
I want to see Dany enter HOTU, hopefully with a Drogon saved by Jorah/Doreah and just wreck house. She can see her vissions in the fire, smoke, and blood of the Warlocks.
2181	7V3N	2012-05-08	So yeah she throws tantrums when one refuses her. It is her right. I personally liked the way Clarke's acting showed the barely contained rage. I felt like she was going to breathe fire herself. The show is attempting to portray that mystical otherworldlyness that Dany seems to posses in the GOT, COK, SOS, in those books she was almost like a demigod. The others,eh not so much. I loved Dany untill she got bogged down in Meereen. She should have swept across essos like a marauding mongol horde sacking cities, burning them to the ground, spreading Valyrias doom untill it encompassed the whole continent. Oh well.I agree that Emilia Clarke is playing the part fantastically. The problem, as it always seems to be (for me), is the writing.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 08 May 2012 - 08:04 PM.
2182	madman2711	2012-05-09	Jaimie dislexya is a major concern for me 
As same as dolorous edd depresion and Cersei hysteria 
Probably Tyrion has a inferiority complex and Arya PTSD, Sansa a stokolm syndrome and Danny a borderline personality disorder 
And drogon a paranoia
So they only need medication and therapy and maybe some group therapy and the show will and with everybody cured
2183	WildlingGirl	2012-05-09	I loved the change, it makes Dany's story much more interesting and is indeed plausible. I want to know who stole the dragons and I spent some very enjoyable time speculating on this.
Dany will regain her awesomeness when she takes back the dragons and burns down the House of the Undying. And now it makes sense that she's been made fireproof because I really couldn't understand how on earth she escaped unburned in the books.
Hadn't noticed the dragon tails dangling, will have to rewatch this. But I definitely thought there were three dragons screeching, so I'm assuming all three were stolen.
2184	WildlingGirl	2012-05-09	Jaimie dislexya is a major concern for meAs same as dolorous edd depresion and Cersei hysteriaProbably Tyrion has a inferiority complex and Arya PTSD, Sansa a stokolm syndrome and Danny a borderline personality disorderAnd drogon a paranoiaSo they only need medication and therapy and maybe some group therapy and the show will and with everybody curedIf you must know, Dany is certainly bred as a megalomaniac (having delusions of grandeur) as was Viserys. Both Sansa and Arya have PTSD, but Sansa has no Stockholm syndrome - she's just acting the loving fiancA©e, and you can see that when she decides to trust Shae. Dolorous Edd is depressed and Cersei is histrionic and paranoid.Jaime's dyslexia as described by Tywin is new, but is interesting and helps explain further  a. why Jaime has a measure for respect for Tyrion (as a learned man, something Jaime can't do) and b. why he feels repressed by his father so much. Definitely good piece of characterisation for Tywin and Jaime both.
2185	boojam	2012-05-09	I hope Irri's death will have some meaning, After thinking about this a couple of days, I hope so too, cause all of D&D plot changes (as contrasted to plot deletions which were dramatic necessity)have made sense. This one did not.
2186	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	After thinking about this a couple of days, I hope so too, cause all of D&D plot changes (as contrasted to plot deletions which were dramatic necessity)have made sense. This one did not.Was she really dead? I didn't see any obvious wounds on her? Could she have possibly just been knocked out? If she is dead there are no more featured Dothraki she can identify with. They already killed Rakharo...
2187	Roose Seal	2012-05-10	Why are people so upset of Irri's death ? She barely had 3 lines last season and 2 this one. It's not like she was crucial to any storyline or was even a strong character to begin with.
2188	Eddard Sand	2012-05-10	Why are people so upset of Irri's death ? She barely had 3 lines last season and 2 this one. It's not like she was crucial to any storyline or was even a strong character to begin with.Because it is known...
2189	Roose Seal	2012-05-10	It is not  known !
2190	salt	2012-05-10	I hope she isn't dead, because holy shit is that actress hot.
2191	Eddard Sand	2012-05-10	I hope she isn't dead, because holy shit is that actress hot.It is know.I can do this all day folks. Or until work ends and I can stop pretending l I'm busily typing up a report.
2192	StarkWard	2012-05-10	The producers probably allowed this so Dany's story could have a bit more spice. Admit it; we're more than halfway through the season and all she's done is walk through a waste, find a temporary home and do her "I will take what is mine" tantrum. She needs to have an "enemy", so this change is merely a plot tool to quicken the pace and have her charge to THotU.
2193	boojam	2012-05-10	Why are people so upset of Irri's death ? She barely had 3 lines last season and 2 this one. It's not like she was crucial to any storyline or was even a strong character to begin with.Like I mentioned elsewhere , it's not a plot driver, but George keeps a Dothraki 'fringe' on things Dany as dramatic continuity, it was a nice touch on George's part, gezz that cast member could not have cost that much!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 11 May 2012 - 07:08 AM.
2194	boojam	2012-05-10	I suddenly realize are the dragons supposed to be a little more than just a wee bit larger at this point?
They didn't starve since E10 of S1.
And by the by Dany had that line about 'now they can feed themselves', which means we missed totally the deal where she remembers to cook their meat...that went by kind of fast!
2195	K-Style	2012-05-10	Where was Jorah while all this was going on?
2196	gogorath	2012-05-10	Dany seems to be going on a longer progression as a person (hopefully):
Season 1:  Weak to Strong
Season 2 - 4:  Figuring out what is really worth fighting for -- going from "the Iron Throne is mine by right!" to wanting to do the best for her people -- "Mother!  Mother!"
Season 5 - 6:  Figuring out that intentions are not enough -- the failure in Mereen
Season 7 - ?:  Kicking Ass?
2197	Leuf	2012-05-10	Why are people so upset of Irri's death ? She barely had 3 lines last season and 2 this one. It's not like she was crucial to any storyline or was even a strong character to begin with.Because in the previous episode the interplay between her, Doreah, and Dany was the most interesting thing going on in Qarth.  It gave me hope that Dany's storyline wasn't going to be the weak link in the show, because they could flush out all the characters around Dany to actually be interesting.  She's just an interchangeable "It is known" reciter in the books, but they were flushing her out so she was starting to be much more than that.  Then they promptly kill her off. Also she was hot.
2198	gogorath	2012-05-10	Like I mentioned elsewhere , it's not a plot driver, but George keep a Dothraki 'fringe' on things Dany as dramatic continuity, it was a nice touch on George's part, gezz that cast member could not have cost that much!She costs something.  There's also potential scheduling issues, or maybe they really didn't like her acting or maybe it was just difficult to write scenes with all these characters there.  I'm glad it was her and not Roxanne McKee who was axed.
2199	gogorath	2012-05-10	Ok, if anybody was able to get their hands only the ONLY THREE DRAGONS IN EXISTENCE, AND POSSIBLY EVER AGAIN they would never allow Dany to reclaim them. Dragons are invaluable and there is no way somebody (not as dumb as Dany) would ever let them get out of their reach. It just doesn't make sense to me.Hmmm, if I had something really valuable, would I:a)  Leave them on the estate of the richest man in the city, behind his security or:/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />  Carry them with me to the estate of someone who may steal them and put myself completely in his power with only three other people to help.Perhaps Xaro and Dany underestimated the security needs, but traveling with her dragons is ten times dumber than keeping them at Xaro's.  Do you carry every dollar you have in your wallet?
2200	boojam	2012-05-11	Where was Jorah while all this was going on?Yeah I thought Jorah was the one bodyguard Dany would always have or be allowed anywhere.That scene is a condensing of the several requests she makes for ships in the novel... Last episode it looked as if she was going to wait for Jorah to find her a ship.Now Dany's Qarth story needed some jazzing up ... but we have had very loose sequence planning in this episode.The one at Harrenhal being the other. According to the listings D&D and George write the rest of the episodes.(Tho D&D have had a kind of 'loose eye' on supervising the two Taylor has written.)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 11 May 2012 - 07:22 AM.
2201	7V3N	2012-05-11	Yeah I thought Jorah was the one bodyguard Dany would always have or be allowed anywhere.That scene is a condensing of the several requests she makes for ships in the novel...Last episode it looked as if she was going to wait for Jorah to find her a ship.Now Dany's Qarth story needed some jazzing up ... but we have had very loose sequence planning in this episode.The one at Harrenhal being the other. According to the listings D&D and George write the rest of the episodes.(Tho D&D have had a kind of 'loose eye' on supervising the two Taylor has written.)It may be that Jorah was sending his letters to Varys. I remember how shocked I was to find out how long he continued as a spy. Most assumed it ended with the poison whine incident (as I did) and this may be the first hint the show has dropped that shows that his spying is continuing.Hmmm, if I had something really valuable, would I:a)  Leave them on the estate of the richest man in the city, behind his security or: /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />  Carry them with me to the estate of someone who may steal them and put myself completely in his power with only three other people to help.Perhaps Xaro and Dany underestimated the security needs, but traveling with her dragons is ten times dumber than keeping them at Xaro's.  Do you carry every dollar you have in your wallet?No no no, you miss the point. Whoever stole the dragons (assumed the warlocks) would NEVER return them. They would either beef up security or get out of the area and hide. Dany would not be allowed to recover them. Dragons are infinitely valuable, since they are the only ones and may be the only ones to ever exist again. I am not blaming Dany's security, I am blaming the writing. We all know she is going to recover her dragons, but that would never be allowed to happen.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 11 May 2012 - 11:16 AM.
2202	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-11	I thought Jorah was out trying to find a ship.  He gave that great speech about why he wants to see her on the iron throne, then Dany says: "get me a ship."  That's where I thought he was.
Maybe he was also sending a letter to Varys.  It's possible, but I thought he was spying on Dany for a pardon.  The pardon came last season and then he saved her form the poison.  So maybe he isn't spying any more?
2203	Jerritus	2012-05-12	In the books it always bothered me that no one tried to take the dragons by force. So loving the change.
2204	PrinceRhaegar	2012-05-12	Amrita Acharia said in an interview that they filmed scene in which she was strangled, and that she was surprised they didnt show it. I hope we see flashback in next episode or something.
2205	boojam	2012-05-13	Amrita Acharia said in an interview that they filmed scene in which she was strangled, and that she was surprised they didnt show it. I hope we see flashback in next episode or something.You know, I don't keep up with TV series at all, but I can't remember , say HBO, releasing a 'directors cut' of a show.Yeah I know they have different directors and a tight shooting schedule, but still the footage is edited, so could have a directors's cut.I mean film directors shoot on a fixed budget (usually) and yet there are plenty of directors cuts about for them.
2206	gogorath	2012-05-13	It may be that Jorah was sending his letters to Varys. I remember how shocked I was to find out how long he continued as a spy. Most assumed it ended with the poison whine incident (as I did) and this may be the first hint the show has dropped that shows that his spying is continuing.No no no, you miss the point. Whoever stole the dragons (assumed the warlocks) would NEVER return them. They would either beef up security or get out of the area and hide. Dany would not be allowed to recover them. Dragons are infinitely valuable, since they are the only ones and may be the only ones to ever exist again. I am not blaming Dany's security, I am blaming the writing. We all know she is going to recover her dragons, but that would never be allowed to happen.Okay, I get you now.But should we not wait and see how she gets them back?
					
					
							Edited by gogorath, 13 May 2012 - 01:27 PM.
2207	7V3N	2012-05-13	Okay, I get you now.But should we not wait and see how she gets them back?True, but I can only see it as a stretch to try and bring some extra excitement. I just have trouble seeing past it. I can believe they were stolen, but stolen back? The only way is if they wanted her to steal them back, which is how I think it will happen. THOTU stole the dragons to force Dany to come. It is just another moment where I see D&D thinking they can outdo GRRM.
2208	teemo	2012-05-08	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-6:
Tyrion Lannister - 49:03
Arya Stark - 43:42
Jon Snow - 33:15
Theon Greyjoy - 33:07
Daenerys Targaryen - 31:38
Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 28:25
Catelyn Stark - 25:00
Davos Seaworth - 24:52
Cersei Lannister - 24:32
Varys - 22:13 
Renly Baratheon - 20:43
Joffrey Baratheon - 19:42
Stannis Baratheon - 19:31
Gendry - 19:19
Bran Stark - 19:08
Brienne Tarth - 18:52
Melisandre - 18:32
Sansa Stark - 18:21
Robb Stark - 18:14
Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 16:18
Samwell Tarly - 13:15
Tywin Lannister - 12:37
Margaery Tyrell - 11:37
Sandor Clegane/The Hound - 11:36
Ros - 11:00
Loras Tyrell - 9:31
Shae - 9:23
Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 8:43
Grand Maester Pycelle - 8:17
Balon Greyjoy - 7:34
Roose Bolton - 3:43
Jaime Lannister - 3:29
2209	teemo	2012-05-09	Finally Sandor has more than 3 lines (barely), and Jon Snow and Theon took a big jump.  Davos, Melisandre, Stannis, Ros and Varys have been MIA for awhile now.
2210	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-09	Great, been looking forward to this! Dany certainly has jumped up in the last few episodes, and I'm most definitely looking forward to more of both The Hound and Jaime. Good work, as always.
One small thing: Ygritte and Qhorin?
					
					
							Edited by Khal-a-bunga, 09 May 2012 - 03:32 PM.
2211	teemo	2012-05-09	Yeah, last week and this week combined I think is more screen-time than she had the first four episodes combined.  I can work on Ygritte and Qhorin.  
Poor Jaime.
2212	My Little Kraken	2012-05-09	Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 16:18
Balon Greyjoy - 7:34
Needs to be swapped.
2213	Davos55	2012-05-09	Still seems strange that Littlefinger has soo much screentime. Granted he is with other big characters during most of his scenes, but this still seems like too much in my opinion.  Perhaps Gillen demanded to be in every episode or something..who knows?
I hope Jaime's numbers jump significantly this week due to (hopefully) the heavy focus of the episode being on him.
Varys being gone for so long makes me sad as well.
Also, Hot Pie has been MIA for awhile.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 09 May 2012 - 06:07 PM.
2214	gogorath	2012-05-09	Can you stop posting this?  It's completely ruining my argument that the showrunners are idiots and putting too many tertiary characters in the show instead of focusing on who I want to see.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2215	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	If you are doing this research on your own then damn... you're a bigger nerd then me. This is a compliment just in case you're offended. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2216	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-09	If you are doing this research on your own then damn... you're a bigger nerd then me. This is a compliment just in case you're offended. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />As with Mr Sand here, I am in awe.There is book love; there is show love; THIS IS PURE FANDOM RESEARCH.HK47 is clearly functioning to full capacity. All parts assembled.You were always way better in a fight than Canderous/Mandalor /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
2217	Davos55	2012-05-09	I agree, hk47 was the ultimate teammate in KOTOR, always present in my party, always kicking ass!
Clearly hk47 is doing great work for this board and should be greatly appreciated for the effort she puts in to do this every week!
You rock..thanks again!
/thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
2218	teemo	2012-05-09	Aw, thanks for the love, everyone /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
2219	Eddard Sand	2012-05-10	I agree, hk47 was the ultimate teammate in KOTOR, always present in my party, always kicking ass!Clearly hk47 is doing great work for this board and should be greatly appreciated for the effort she puts in to do this every week!You rock..thanks again! /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Seven save me you're a woman!!! Tooo cool.
2220	Morrigan	2012-05-10	Finally, the Hound has overtaken Ros in the rankings! But for how long... >_>
2221	teemo	2012-05-10	Finally, the Hound has overtaken Ros in the rankings! But for how long... >_>I wouldn't count on him staying above her after Sunday lol.  It's been way too long for no D&D fan fic.Can you stop posting this?  It's completely ruining my argument that the showrunners are idiots and putting too many tertiary characters in the show instead of focusing on who I want to see.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />lol, the things you discover when you actually do the research.  I enjoyed saying, "Ros gets more screen time than all of the other major characters!"  when I was telling people why she should be killed off.  But she is still above some pretty important people.  I care way more about Balon, Loras, Roose, and Jaime than Ros.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 10 May 2012 - 11:37 AM.
2222	Kaitscralt	2012-05-10	I need more Stannis screen-time.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 10 May 2012 - 11:58 AM.
2223	gogorath	2012-05-10	I wouldn't count on him staying above her after Sunday lol.  It's been way too long for no D&D fan fic.lol, the things you discover when you actually do the research.  I enjoyed saying, "Ros gets more screen time than all of the other major characters!"  when I was telling people why she should be killed off.  But she is still above some pretty important people.  I care way more about Balon, Loras, Roose, and Jaime than Ros.I'm just glad you did the work to back up your thought!  Factual-based arguments can sometimes be in short supply around here.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2224	Mad Queen	2012-05-10	Can you stop posting this?  It's completely ruining my argument that the showrunners are idiots and putting too many tertiary characters in the show instead of focusing on who I want to see.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Start complaining that Littlefinger has way too many scenes and you'll be able to back it up with figures. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2225	Hyper	2012-05-10	So.... Ros, hasn't appeared for a couple of episodes, and you *still* bitch about her? Just look at the raw data. OMG.
I'm starting to wonder if you all are more obsessed with Ros than what you claim D&D are.
2226	teemo	2012-05-10	I'm not bitching.  I was actually saying that I can't bitch anymore because I have this data.
2227	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-12	Ros - 11:00Jaime Lannister - 3:29Not okay.
2228	boojam	2012-05-12	Are the sequence times still running an average of 2.5 min.  ?
2229	Nuncle Patchwell	2012-05-12	What do we say to the Ros of Dâ<U+0080>nâ<U+0080><U+0099>D?Not okay.
2230	amazingoopah	2012-05-12	whoa, if Tyrion were an NBA player, he'd be the LeBron or Kobe Bryant of Westeros! He and Arya are definitely at the forefront of this adaptation, at least until the dragons finally grow up and I assume we'll see more Danaerys. Everyone else is more or less getting the air time they should be getting considering where the story is vis-a-vis the books (i.e. they are not trying to shove much more Robb or Jaime into the series without reason)
2231	Evamitchelle	2012-05-12	whoa, if Tyrion were an NBA player, he'd be the LeBron or Kobe Bryant of Westeros! He and Arya are definitely at the forefront of this adaptation, at least until the dragons finally grow up and I assume we'll see more Danaerys. Everyone else is more or less getting the air time they should be getting considering where the story is vis-a-vis the books (i.e. they are not trying to shove much more Robb or Jaime into the series without reason)Tyrion and Arya are the two most prominent POVs in Clash (Tyrion has 15 and Arya something like 12 or 13), it makes sense that they'd get the most screentime too.
2232	Buckwheat	2012-05-12	I think Gendry is surprisingly high, above Brandon, for example. That is not that bad /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.
2233	King Cheops	2012-05-13	I think Gendry is surprisingly high, above Brandon, for example. That is not that bad /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.Not that surprising since this just counts screen time.  He's in Arya's storyline and she hangs around him a fair bit.  Since she is on top of the pile that means she drags his numbers up.
2234	teemo	2012-05-13	Yeah, I had before a notation that Gendry's time was highly inflated due to always being around Arya.  But I took that off since he should start to be around her a little less now, and other characters will start to surpass him.
2235	Zod	2012-05-13	whoa, if Tyrion were an NBA player, he'd be the LeBron or Kobe Bryant of Westeros! He and Arya are definitely at the forefront of this adaptation, at least until the dragons finally grow up and I assume we'll see more Danaerys. Everyone else is more or less getting the air time they should be getting considering where the story is vis-a-vis the books (i.e. they are not trying to shove much more Robb or Jaime into the series without reason)Even if the dragons grow up, they might not show much of them.I really wonder how much money those brilliant CGI dragons cost. Probably more than real ones in Westeros...
2236	WinterfellRose	2012-05-13	First I'd like to say, thank you for finding time to actually do this and count the time....IMHO, there was not even a second wasted on Tyrion's or Arya's screen time, they are brilliant in every scene.Ros on the other hand...And I am really pleased that Sandor started to get more time, this should only increase in coming episodes...at least I hope so...Next thing that would be interesting to know is number of lines the characters have so far, which might be even more accurate that time on screen.....But such a task must be really time consuming I know....oh oh oh... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2237	Umberto	2012-05-06	Did anyone else literally jump and shout with glee when Roose mentioned his son of the Dreadfort? I cannot express how much Ramsay being in the TV series means to me.
Is anyone else sharing my enthusiasm?
Reek, reek, it rhymes with weak.
2238	Thunderfist	2012-05-07	I share your enthusiasm, although I donÂ´t understand why Roose Bolton said "my bastard of the Dreadfort", wouldnÂ´t it make more sense to just say "my bastard son"?
2239	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-07	I share your enthusiasm, although I donÂ´t understand why Roose Bolton said "my bastard of the Dreadfort", wouldnÂ´t it make more sense to just say "my bastard son"?Very possible Roose has several bastards.
2240	Morrigan	2012-05-07	^ Think it's just namedropping for future reference. Non-readers will also wondering WTF the Dreadfort is, I presume.
And yes, I was very relieved to know that Ramsay isn't cut. I was getting worried there. I doubt we'll see him this season though...
2241	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-07	hopefully we catch a glimpse of "reek" in winterfell by the end of this season
2242	Thunderfist	2012-05-07	He couldÂ´ve included the Dreadfort in that speech anyway but nevermind, itÂ´s a minor detail. However I think that Roose talks way too loud, almost yelling when he should be doing his patented creepy whispering. And where are the leeches?!
2243	jlk7e	2012-05-07	I thought he said "my bastard at the Dreadfort"
2244	Thunderfist	2012-05-07	I thought he said "my bastard at the Dreadfort"ItÂ´s hard to make out tbh, he might as well have said "at".
2245	bayrodney	2012-05-07	Can't wait to see Reek, especially with Alfie Allen portraying him. Alfie is proving to be a very strong actor.
Reek, Reek is rhymes with freak
2246	Lady Meera Reed	2012-05-07	I squee'd a little when I heard him say it, I thought they were gonna write of another character/storyline.
Alfie will own Reek!Theon, I'm sure of it.
2247	Frumpus	2012-05-07	Roose Bolton may have a bastard but he won't be anything like the Ramsay from the books. Ramsay's exclusion from the Theon/Winterfell storyline so far already points to any Ramsay in future seasons being a completely different character from the books.
So I don't see why anyone is excited about this.
2248	Conchobar	2012-05-07	Good news.
2249	Bayard	2012-05-07	Roose Bolton may have a bastard but he won't be anything like the Ramsay from the books. Ramsay's exclusion from the Theon/Winterfell storyline so far already points to any Ramsay in future seasons being a completely different character from the books.So I don't see why anyone is excited about this.Oh calm down /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />, they can think of another way that Reek appears.... now that it has been confirmed there are 2 Boltons, all of my worries are out the window. I said it before, D&D love Theon's story, they will take extra care in not ruining it.
2250	strifed169	2012-05-07	Reek, Reek it rhymes with sneak
Whenever I look at Theon in the series I can just see the Reek in him, hes a very good actor.
2251	ClaireWhiteMuse	2012-05-07	He couldÂ´ve included the Dreadfort in that speech anyway but nevermind, itÂ´s a minor detail. However I think that Roose talks way too loud, almost yelling when he should be doing his patented creepy whispering. And where are the leeches?!I agree, he should look meaner and talk fowler... and he should give you the creeps everytime he speaks. But so far so good I guess... I am really worried about the whole Ramsay matter myself. The Boltons are probably some of the most unpleasant characters in the books and if that doesn't work right it's going to be a real problem because I think that GRRM decided to give them the hot pink arms only to express the contrast between the cruelty of these people and the colors of their sigil, that of course hint at the flesh colour... I expected Roose more "morbid" ... and I hope they don't make Ramsay "pretty"... that would be really pointless.
2252	Tony Soprano	2012-05-07	I doubt he'll be in this season, but I'm relieved that he's in. I can wait for his appearance till next season. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
I hope they cast ( or have cast ) an actor that looks like Ramsay. I don't want some pretty boy running around flaying people.
2253	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	that is some good news!
2254	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	Hah! Hahahaha!
Wonderful. I was hoping that rumour would be true.
2255	Arkash	2012-05-07	I was so..... "FUCK YEAAAAAAH !" when it happened ! =D
2256	House Snow	2012-05-07	Anyone think Dagmer could still be Ramsey.  I was wondering how Bolton knew Rodrick was killed since Luwin sent the letter before it happened.  Plus the guy they have playing Dagmer looks like a bad guy and we saw Theon yelling at him next week in the preview.
2257	Ser Hippie	2012-05-07	I'm pretty sure they have Roose talk louder because it'd be really annoying to have to turn up the volume all the way to vaguely make out what he's saying.
Anyway, I was happy to hear Ramsay name dropped, as well as Roose' line that Ramsay would be 'honored' to help /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2258	Dracarya	2012-05-07	If the bloke playing Dagmer turns out to be Ramsay, why would he have been at Pyke? It's a nice twist, I'm just not sure it'd work.
THE BASTARD OF BOLTON! /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />
2259	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-07	Yeah...can't understand why Ramsay would be a secret agent in Pyke...though stranger things have happened.
2260	Fez	2012-05-07	This makes me happy.
Although if Ramsay hasn't secretly been cast, doesn't this mean that the sacking of Winterfell can at the earliest happen towards the end of ep. 10 with an extra in a cloak standing in for Ramsay? What's Theon supposed to do for the next 3 episodes until then now that Bran and Rickon have escaped? All he has left is hunting for them, kill the miller's boys, and have a visit from Yara; all of which is easily doable in a single episode.
2261	Storms End	2012-05-07	I knew they wouldn't drop him, he's too instrumental to the plot and other characters to just leave out.
2262	Arkash	2012-05-07	Well, remember they dont show all storylines in the episode.
My guess is that Theon wont appear in episode 8 (and 9 of course), so he has only two episodes left: 7 will be about the hunt and Yara's visit, and 10 maybe about the beginning of the sack.
2263	madman2711	2012-05-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  
moreover the exit of the boys from the cripts may be the last scene in the series and the winterfell burning around them 
i will accept even the Reeds to come next season for this image /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2264	The Knight of Flowers	2012-05-07	Well, remember they dont show all storylines in the episode.My guess is that Theon wont appear in episode 8 (and 9 of course), so he has only two episodes left: 7 will be about the hunt and Yara's visit, and 10 maybe about the beginning of the sack.Isn't episode 8 called 'The Prince of Winterfell'? I presume he'll be involved in that.
2265	Arkash	2012-05-07	Oops, yes, forgot this... then the hunt in episode 7 (there some lot of stuff in that, could easily cover a full episode).
Then Yara's visit in the 8.
2266	Morpheus	2012-05-07	If the bloke playing Dagmer turns out to be Ramsay, why would he have been at Pyke? It's a nice twist, I'm just not sure it'd work.That wouldn't make any sense, those Krakens seem wary of any outsiders, anyone who isn't Iron Born, that I don't see HOW Ramsay could possibly infiltrate, let alone WHY he would.He's not Ramsay, I do however expect that Dagmer will be the one to suggest killing the orphans, he does seem to be the devil on Theon's shoulder.
					
					
							Edited by Morpheus, 07 May 2012 - 08:21 AM.
2267	Arkash	2012-05-07	I agree, Dagmer shall be the one to suggest that, but it doesnt mean he's Ramsay, just that he will take his place until he appears!
2268	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-07	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  moreover the exit of the boys from the cripts may be the last scene in the series and the winterfell burning around themi will accept even the Reeds to come next season for this image /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Why would they be in the crypts still...when they just "escaped" Winterfell this previous episode? Winterfell is in their rear view already.
2269	Carne	2012-05-07	I don't think we'll see him this season. No point in casting an actor for one episode only to keep him on hold until they start filming season 3.
2270	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	Oh come on, Dagmer isn't Ramsay. At most, he's substituting "Reek's" role as the one to egg Theon on with his one or two schemes during his short reign, and take credit for flaying the kids. He'll probably die in the sack.
I'd say Ramsay will be the shocker ending after all. He'll show up to trash the northmen, spend 90% of his appearance in his red armour, then take off his helmet for three minutes and go batshit on the place. It could work, if perhaps a little robbed of the "oh shit, it's Reek... OH SHIT..." reaction in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 07 May 2012 - 08:45 AM.
2271	Arkash	2012-05-07	Why would they be in the crypts still...when they just "escaped" Winterfell this previous episode? Winterfell is in their rear view already.Yes, that is a little deviation from the books, but it's weird since we were all assuming Luwin would go with them to take care of Rickon... except if they go back to Winterfell at the end after the sack, but that would be strange... maybe Luwin will be killed during the sack and, then, what of Rickon ?
2272	victim	2012-05-07	I'm not sold on Ramsay/Reek being completely cut out, we know he won't be appearing directly but I can see him being mentioned to the point where non-readers will know who and what he is without ever seeing him; like Stannis in season 1.Whether Robb asks Roose to retake Winterfell or not remains to be seen. I'm unsure what evidence there is on this. I can, however, see a change coming where Robb asks him to do this and perhaps Roose declares that Harrenhal is more important, leaving Winterfell to be retaken by his "bastard son", who is again only mentioned. Later on, we would see Theon being overwhelmed and Winterfell being sacked by an unnamed Bolton force, which the audience can only assume is being led by The Bastard of Bolton. Even non-readers should find this compelling and it also doesn't immediately out Roose as a villain, and stays true to the books in that way at least. I understand quoting yourself is damn lame, but it seems I was actually correct, and I want to parade that fact around.
2273	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-07	The group that left Winterfell last night stays together until the Wall or just past it, then Osha splits w/ Rickon and bran proceeds w/ Coldhands or whatever added plot device req'd. No need to drag Luwin on the road.
Otherwise Osha and Rickon are both gone for like 2-3 seasons easily. It's easy to recast a grown up pre-teen as the rediscovered Rickon if that's what happens post Skaggos...but what are you going to do bring Osha back after 3 seasons of being missing? They've went to great length beefing up her character for a reason...they're needing her to fill several roles.
2274	Francis Buck	2012-05-07	I agree we that we probably won't actually see Ramsay this season. It'll just be a guy in a hood/helmet that conceals his face. Unless they really did secretly cast him, which would be surprising.
2275	Ser Giant	2012-05-07	We never saw them leave the gates of Winterfell, remember that sweet crypt they built for the show last season? They're in there, that's where they(hopefully) went.
I think the Reek character dynamic is a necessity to even bother with Ramsay, so hopefully he pops out of a dungeon next episode.
Also, I doubt it's illegal or unheard of that certain characters arent announced with the casting, but I could def be wrong.
2276	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-07	I don't know that there's always a formal announcement anyway...it's probably 20% official announcement...80% fanboy investigators/news sites unveiling castings. Why would they want to keep a casting secret. Sounds like a lot of energy spent on something with no real value. If Ramsay was actually cast, fandom would know.
2277	Don't_call_me_Ser	2012-05-07	The Bastard is an interesting character, as he's one of the few people who is just plain black, no shade of grey here. Even Theon is a turncoact son of a *****, but you can get why he does it. Ramsey is just plain evil.
I wonder how turn to the books HBO dares go with him?!
2278	A<U+0089>tA©	2012-05-07	I reckon Dagmer is going to turn out to be Ramsay. Reek's most important contribution to Theon's story is as the devil on his shoulder and Dagmer has already stepped into that role. It would take away the cruel role-reversal of Theon's ultimate humiliation, but I don't think there's enough time to establish a repulsive Reek character before the 'hunt'. 
Roose could have had him follow Theon to Pyke to spy on the notoriously untrustworthy Greyjoys in case they pulled something, or summat along those lines. Not fantastic storytelling but it would simplify things.
2279	Spidey	2012-05-07	If Ramsay was actually cast, fandom would know.This.I'm on team Dagmer. They never established him as the Cleftjaw, so he might as well be Ramsay.
2280	the hound of sansa	2012-05-07	a question though...does dagmer look like roose's son? he is not that young...
2281	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-07	The thing is...there is no need to actually even show Ramsay this season. Why pull such a sophomoric "gotcha" by having the bastard of Bolton be a secret agent, that takes things right from liberal storyline modification to General Hospital/Dexter style corny twists.
You can easily have Bolton men involved and grab Theon then introduce Ramsay early next season.
2282	scurvy	2012-05-07	Ramsay is needed to give the idea to flay the boys.  But, Ramsay's host could be dashed on the walls of Winterfell and Reek captured.  That would make it more liveable.  To have Theon come up with the false deaths is fine, but flaying needs a Bolton.
2283	Talleyrand	2012-05-07	I like the portrayal of Dagmer in the show but I hope he doesn't turn out to be Ramsey, it just makes so little sense. Though I think he'll survive the massacre and be the one to send Davos to Skagos (or where ever they decide to send Rickon on the show)
2284	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	Apparently Michael McElhatton (Roose) is younger than Ralph Ineson (Dagmer, or Finchy from The Office).So, uh... yeah... /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 07 May 2012 - 11:29 AM.
2285	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-07	ok wait..."Dagmer" will send Davos to Skagos? Eliminating the entire Wyman Manderly storyline/Freys/pies etc etc?
2286	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-07	I was OVERJOYED when the words "my bastard at the Dreadfort" came out of Roose Bolton's mouth.  At this point I don't care whether we see him this season or next (REALLY don't think he's Dagmer though as some people here have hypothesized) but I'm just SO GLAD that this marvelously despicable villain will be making the jump to the screen.  Honestly, while Theon's transformation into Reek will be somewhat less affecting without the role reversal, I think it will still be an incredible, horrifying arc for his character.
2287	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-07	ok wait..."Dagmer" will send Davos to Skagos? Eliminating the entire Wyman Manderly storyline/Freys/pies etc etc?I think he meant that Dagmer will go on to fill the role of Wex in the books.
2288	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	I don't see how Dagmer could be Ramsay.
I know the Ironborn are sometimes taken as the most idiotic but I feel they are fiercely loyal to their own, very xenophobic and everyone with a place in a fleet is respected and known.
Dagmer is basically the captain of Theon's fleet, he is the one guy who is willing to show him the ropes of the Ironborn way of life.  He comes off as a guy with Iron in his blood and if he was an outsider he'd get even more attention for guiding "prince" Theon when Theon has yet to prove himself.
Anyways I am so very happy to have my fears put to rest, can't wait for the casting announcement.
2289	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-07	I don't see how Dagmer could be Ramsay.I know the Ironborn are sometimes taken as the most idiotic but I feel they are fiercely loyal to their own, very xenophobic and everyone with a place in a fleet is respected and known.Dagmer is basically the captain of Theon's fleet, he is the one guy who is willing to show him the ropes of the Ironborn way of life.  He comes off as a guy with Iron in his blood and if he was an outsider he'd get even more attention for guiding "prince" Theon when Theon has yet to prove himself.Anyways I am so very happy to have my fears put to rest, can't wait for the casting announcement.Totally agree with you on your points about Dagmer and the Ironborn.  As for the casting announcement ... I have this crazy, extraordinarily improbable hope that they've cast a well known actor as Ramsay, kept it totally under wraps, and the surprise ending of this season will be him showing up and sacking Winterfell (followed by the reveal that Bran and Rickon are alive).  I will literally pee myself if that happens.Anyone want to run with that (admittedly unlikely) idea and throw out an idea for who it could be?
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 07 May 2012 - 11:37 AM.
2290	Buttered Turnip	2012-05-07	Why would they be in the crypts still...when they just "escaped" Winterfell this previous episode? Winterfell is in their rear view already.I may be wrong, but isn't this what happens in the books?  I thought they escaped, then backtracked to Winterfell.  That's why Theon was able to track them into the woods but eventually lost their tracks.
2291	OzorxOron	2012-05-07	One of my favourite characters of the series. He's so dark and twisted and just seems to have no qualms about what he does. 
Very happy when Roose mentioned him.
2292	Lady Octarina	2012-05-07	Well, I never truly doubted we would have Ramsay in the show, only I wasn't sure (I'm still not sure) we would see him this season. I doubt we will, except maybe in the last episode, since that iron born guy with the deep rumbling voice is playing the part of Theon's advisor, and he'll probably be the one to suggest he kills the boys to pretend they're Rickon and Bran.
2293	Francis Buck	2012-05-07	Yeah, I don't know why people are so bent on Dagmer being Ramsay. It makes no sense. What, did Ramsay just infiltrate the Ironborn when he was a kid or something? And as others have said, he's too old to be Roose's son (not to mention his appearance/mannerisms are totally different from how Ramsay is described). I think it's obvious that they just didn't bother to cast Ramsay this season because they didn't need to, exactly the same as how they didn't cast Jaqen last season (and instead they just had a dude in a hood). The same kind of thing is probably going to happen here.
The only other option I can see is that they cast someone relatively popular or famous, and are trying to keep it a secret until the end of the season (though I think this greatly unlikely).
2294	scurvy	2012-05-07	I may be wrong, but isn't this what happens in the books?  I thought they escaped, then backtracked to Winterfell.  That's why Theon was able to track them into the woods but eventually lost their tracks.They backtracked and stayed in the Crypts until after Wintefell is sacked and deserted.  Bran reaches out in his wolfdreams to Ghost who is up in the frostfangs.  I hope Jon has a wolf dream and connects with Bran as Weirwood.  That's critical to both developing their warging/greenseeing abilities.
2295	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-07	I think it's obvious that they just didn't bother to cast Ramsay this season because they didn't need to, exactly the same as how they didn't cast Jaqen last season (and instead they just had a dude in a hood). The same kind of thing is probably going to happen here.I think you are dead right. I expect Reek will be smeared in filth so as to be unrecognisable, then cast properly next season.The Dagmer theory makes zero sense. Apart from being too old (he'd have to be Lord Bolton's bastard brother, not son) wouldn't the other Ironmen notice a Northman they never heard of before on their crew?
2296	Maester Reek	2012-05-07	I dont think dagmer is going to turn out to be ramsay ......First off he looks older than roose, second off why would he be inn pyke, third why would roose offer to send word to his bastard to gather a few hundred swords (not sure how many) and he would be honored to reclaim winterfell and bring him theons head..... hard to do if he is dagmer,
although on another note i wonder how ramsay will get into the gates of winterfell ......maybe he'll take someone elses arm since ser roderik already lost his head
2297	Faceless Sam	2012-05-07	I share your enthusiasm, although I donÂ´t understand why Roose Bolton said "my bastard of the Dreadfort", wouldnÂ´t it make more sense to just say "my bastard son"? didnt he say my bastard AT the dreadfort?anyway, YAY RAMSAY!hope vargo hoat will appear next episode. (if not, who the hell is gonna chop off jaime's hand?)
2298	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-05-07	I dont think dagmer is going to turn out to be ramsay ......First off he looks older than roose, second off why would he be inn pyke, third why would roose offer to send word to his bastard to gather a few hundred swords (not sure how many) and he would be honored to reclaim winterfell and bring him theons head..... hard to do if he is dagmer,although on another note i wonder how ramsay will get into the gates of winterfell ......maybe he'll take someone elses arm since ser roderik already lost his headTrue, trueBut thank Jeyne Poole's gods that Ramsay is coming! It's a shame that there is no Lady Hornwood or Ser Rodrick's hand shake, but as long as he's coming. Mayhaps he'll come as a hostage by the Reeds, and Big/Little Walder. I just hope he does smothing crazy and evil like kill Maester Luwin as soon as he's introduced. Let us know who Theon is living with
2299	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	he looks older than rooseHe is older than Roose. >.<
2300	awesome possum	2012-05-07	I don't get how or why people are excited just because a name was said.  Ramsay is pretty integral to the story, so of course they were going to include him.
Getting excited about it, though?  He's a horrible character.  One of the few stereotypical monsters in the story and his death can't come soon enough.
2301	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	Well, he's a monster. The portrayal of psychotic monsters can be interesting on TV, and I can't wait to see how the actor handles playing such a complete beast. Moreover, the book-ignorant audience's reaction to him is going to be pretty explosive, considering how they've turned Joff into public enemy #1.
I think that's a prospect worth a little excitement; you don't have to like or "approve" of a character to appreciate their inclusion. >.<
2302	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-07	preferred casting choices for Ramsay Snow/Bolton.. lets hear them!
2303	The Unborn	2012-05-07	I don't get how or why people are excited just because a name was said.  Ramsay is pretty integral to the story, so of course they were going to include him.Getting excited about it, though?  He's a horrible character.  One of the few stereotypical monsters in the story and his death can't come soon enough.It's normal people get excited about it. Most people (not me) thought that the show would send Roose north to regain Winterfell for the Starks, merging Ramsay and Roose together.
2304	Frumpus	2012-05-07	It's normal people get excited about it. Most people (not me) thought that the show would send Roose north to regain Winterfell for the Starks, merging Ramsay and Roose together.They shouldn't get so excited. They will likely be incredibly disappointed when they find the new Ramsay next season to be nothing like the Ramsay in the books. And does anyone really think they're going to tell Alfie Allen to take 3 years off from the show? I'm still convinced Theon dies at the end of this season or early next one and they cut out the entire Theon ADwD storyline since it has no relevance to the overall story.And on a side note since I see them get mentioned together with Ramsay all the time, I still don't see why they would introduce the Reeds, unless they happen to be a couple of kids that Bran & co. bump into while fleeing Winterfell.
2305	PhoenixFlame	2012-05-07	Meh, they've managed to keep Jaime flitting into the story, more so than the books. I highly doubt they'd kill Theon. Plus, Dance and Feast are getting combined. The writers said so themselves when they visited my TV Symposium class. SOS is getting split, but it'll have flashes of Clash, Dance, and Feast.
He's too big name and doesn't physically look the part, but for some reason I always pictured Ramsay as Cillian Murphy. He can look so nutso.
2306	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-05-07	Roose Bolton may have a bastard but he won't be anything like the Ramsay from the books. Ramsay's exclusion from the Theon/Winterfell storyline so far already points to any Ramsay in future seasons being a completely different character from the books.Uh? How so? Ramsay is not considered one of the most memorable characters in the series because of the Reek reveal. It's a great scene, true, but he doesn't usurp Joffrey's place as the series' most hated villains until A Dance with Dragons, and it's there because he's an absolute, diabolical sadist who flays people's fingers, toes and genitals off and literally hunts women for sport. I see no reason why that, which is what makes him such a great villain, can't be entirely in place when he's properly introduced without the Reek stuff.And does anyone really think they're going to tell Alfie Allen to take 3 years off from the show?Of course not! What is most likely going to happen is that we'll actually get to see the "creation" of Theon/Reek, rather than just jumping ahead when he's already lost a lot of fingers and toes.I'm still convinced Theon dies at the end of this season or early next oneWait, so you don't think they'd let Alfie Allen be off the show for a few seasons, but you think they'd get rid of him all together for literally no reason?they cut out the entire Theon ADwD storyline since it has no relevance to the overall story.Hahahahahaha, no way. Lots of things from AFfC/ADwD will be cut out. The Theon storyline will not be one of them. This season has proven Alfie Allen's Theon is an incredibly powerful and interesting (storytelling wise) figure in the story; they're not going to prematurely kill him off and write out what is probably the most memorable and talked about subplot in the book.Besides, why are they setting up the Bastard of Bolton at all if Theon's going to be killed soon? He's our in at the Bolton-taken Winterfell; who else would be there for the audience to know what's going on there with literally everyone else the audience knows either driven off or killed? If Theon's just going to be killed, there's no reason to foreshadow Ramsay at all, because almost his entire arc is being the personal antagonist to Theon.I still don't see why they would introduce the Reeds, unless they happen to be a couple of kids that Bran & co. bump into while fleeing Winterfell.This is exactly what will happen, I think. Bran's story needs somewhere to go post-S3 before he gets beyond the Wall, and meeting and becoming allies with Jojen and Meera makes perfect sense for a S3 storyline.
2307	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-05-07	kudos to you Victim, well prophecized. Please stop talking about Dagmer being Ramsey. 1. He is a renowned Iron warrior 2. He is the same age as Rooses actor. I hope they will stick to the book- reek popping up to present his services to Theon next episode, and then suddenly end season turns out to be the frikkin bastard of B.! But more likely- and badly- they will have Dagmer acting as his voice to kill B and R and subsequently the miller kids..or who the hell knows??
2308	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-05-07	The only reason they would kill off Theon is if Alfie Allen wanted to leave and asked to be written out. And while not impossible, I would be very surprised given the strength of the material he's been given this year and the strength of the material to come.But more likely- and badly- they will have Dagmer acting as his voice to kill B and R and subsequently the miller kids..or who the hell knows??I don't mind Dagmer telling Theon to kill the butcher boys with no Reek. For a condensed story, it makes sense just to have Ramsay show up as Roose said he would, with his men, but will the Northerners too, and then once Series 3 starts, introduce him properly as a sadistic bastard with a reputation for hunting women. End of Theon's first S3 episode could be getting his first finger flayed.
2309	DaveSumm	2012-05-07	It's great that Ramsay's in it, but I can't for the life of me think of a reason for Theon to let anyone into Winterfell now, which means his dual identity is gone I guess. Shame, but understandable given the need to line up casting/character arcs with seasons. So now I guess:
Rest of this season: Ramsay sends men to take Winterfell and sack it. Ramsay himself doesn't come, season ends with sack.
Season 3 & 4: mostly invented storylines based around Theon becoming Reek, maybe a little of aDwD brought into Season 4.
Season 5 onward: aDwD/tWoW storylines.
2310	Sound_of_winter	2012-05-07	I really hope Cillian Murphey is casted as Ramsey! He would be amazing.
2311	gogorath	2012-05-07	Roose Bolton may have a bastard but he won't be anything like the Ramsay from the books. Ramsay's exclusion from the Theon/Winterfell storyline so far already points to any Ramsay in future seasons being a completely different character from the books.So I don't see why anyone is excited about this.COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.I mean, the only thing that makes Ramsay inherently evil is insinuating himself with Theon early.  He couldn't be the exact same character anyway if he wasn't there right now, right?  I mean, who could possibly believe in that character if he wasn't secretly hiding out with Theon?
2312	Arkash	2012-05-07	We all hope for Cillian Murphy, with a little make-up and a harsher voice, he would be stunning as Ramsay!
2313	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	I really hope Cillian Murphey is casted as Ramsey! He would be amazing.http://i.imgur.com/OxZZ7.jpgPerhaps too big a name, but that would be an inspired cast.
2314	Arkash	2012-05-07	Well, next season he'd be more of a guest, guess we will only have a few scenes with Ramsay, so he could easily accept, as a guest star...
And seing how much we ask for him on the boards, I think the producers will at least consider him!
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 07 May 2012 - 05:48 PM.
2315	tfoxx22	2012-05-07	Well, he's a monster. The portrayal of psychotic monsters can be interesting on TV, and I can't wait to see how the actor handles playing such a complete beast. Moreover, the book-ignorant audience's reaction to him is going to be pretty explosive, considering how they've turned Joff into public enemy #1.I think that's a prospect worth a little excitement; you don't have to like or "approve" of a character to appreciate their inclusion. >.<I agree, it should pretty sweet to see his portrayal and the reaction he recieves
2316	7V3N	2012-05-07	Roose Bolton may have a bastard but he won't be anything like the Ramsay from the books. Ramsay's exclusion from the Theon/Winterfell storyline so far already points to any Ramsay in future seasons being a completely different character from the books.So I don't see why anyone is excited about this.If you're referring to Lady Hornwood, this could easily happen at a later point without changing the impact.
2317	Dornish Hen	2012-05-07	http://i.imgur.com/OxZZ7.jpgNICE!!  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />I'd like to see Theon's storyline end this season with that cheek bone crushing bitch slap Ramsay gives him.  Although if they haven't cast Ramsay yet, I don't know how they would do it.
2318	Manfryd Lothston	2012-05-07	Here's my tinfoil hat theory:
The network asked GRRM to cut some of his material and to change Asha's name... so he came up with a wicked move: instead of Reek, Theon's going to be betrayed by his sister!
As we saw in Episode 6, Ser Roderick is dead and Roose is sending Ramsay with Dreadfort forces to kick Theon out of Winterfell.
So the Dreadfort men will play the part of Roderick's force and will lay siege to Winterfell.
But if the general plot of the book is to be followed, then who's going to lead the "relief"?
Well, Theon did send a message to Asha/Yarra at Deepwood Motte.
So what if Yarra arrives with her ironborn - remember, she's got 30 ships - and breaks the siege... only to betray Theon at the last moment and take Winterfell for herself!
She may even ally herself with the Boltons - after all, they're the secret enemies of Starks. So Theon still gets to be Reek... only in an entirely unexpected way!
That would be quite an evil twist, well worthy of GRRM, imo.
Of course, I'd still prefer the book version, but so far it seems we're not getting it, sadly.
2319	7V3N	2012-05-07	Here's my tinfoil hat theory:The network asked GRRM to cut some of his material and to change Asha's name... so he came up with a wicked move: instead of Reek, Theon's going to be betrayed by his sister!As we saw in Episode 6, Ser Roderick is dead and Roose is sending Ramsay with Dreadfort forces to kick Theon out of Winterfell.So the Dreadfort men will play the part of Roderick's force and will lay siege to Winterfell.But if the general plot of the book is to be followed, then who's going to lead the "relief"?Well, Theon did send a message to Asha/Yarra at Deepwood Motte.So what if Yarra arrives with her ironborn - remember, she's got 30 ships - and breaks the siege... only to betray Theon at the last moment and take Winterfell for herself!She may even ally herself with the Boltons - after all, they're the secret enemies of Starks. So Theon still gets to be Reek... only in an entirely unexpected way!That would be quite an evil twist, well worthy of GRRM, imo.Of course, I'd still prefer the book version, but so far it seems we're not getting it, sadly.No. Would be interesting as hell, and you labeled the theory correctly. But I'll be the first to say it: no way.
2320	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-07	During episode 5, Cleftjaw set off the Reek radar in my head big time.  I've now accepted this isn't the case.  This is just a result of the schematics of producing a television show in increments over time.
Casting an actor to play Reek would take money. The relatively minor role this season, followed by larger roles in future seasons runs the risk of not being able to retain the actor, and to get a bigger name they would have to pay big money for an actor to appear in less than 20 minutes of screen time this year.
It was only practical to forestall Ramsay's introduction to next season.  However, to leave open Theon's character for sympathy and redemption, you have to have someone manipulating him into his most irredeemable acts.  They cast Cleftjaw, so he is taking that role, and because he is goading Theon into his most evil acts, he seems like Reek to book readers.
The way for the show to take advantage of this angle is to have the audience suckered into cheering for Reek initially as a protagonist - Yay! He's working for Robb Stark and taking out the evil Theon Greyjoy!  Get the audience to savor Theon's downfall, then gradually turn their stomachs as they realize just what Ramsay truly represents. Play with their expectations and emotions, introduce more gray into the series, etc.
2321	Manfryd Lothston	2012-05-07	No. Would be interesting as hell, and you labeled the theory correctly. But I'll be the first to say it: no way.How's the siege going to be resolved, then? Is the Bastard simply going to storm Winterfell and capture Theon, without any sort of uncanny twist? That would be lame and boring.
2322	7V3N	2012-05-07	How's the siege going to be resolved, then? Is the Bastard simply going to storm Winterfell and capture Theon, without any sort of uncanny twist? That would be lame and boring.Theon could lower the gates, seeing Cracken banners, only to then see the flayed man on the leaders' armor right before he gets knocked out and Winterfell is taken out. Just a possible solution. But considering Asha has met up with Theon for TWOW, I doubt they will venture too far with the character until her role is more certain.Plus, I think the twist is that he is there to take WF back for Robb but instead captures inhabitants and destroys WF. I agree, not as good as the "oh shit Reek was the bastard!" revelation in the books.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 07 May 2012 - 07:32 PM.
2323	turdle	2012-05-07	How's the siege going to be resolved, then? Is the Bastard simply going to storm Winterfell and capture Theon, without any sort of uncanny twist? That would be lame and boring.the twist is that he's going to burn winterfell down and betray robb.
2324	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-07	I might hate Ramsay more than any character from any book I've ever read. What a bad seed he is.
2325	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-07	I might hate Ramsay more than any character from any book I've ever read. What a bad seed he is.He makes Joffrey look like Ned Stark!
2326	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-07	I'm not super hopeful, but I would be very happy if it played out mostly like from the books;
Then, a surprise featured extra to retake Winterfell from Theon, and an actual casting for S3.
Pwweeeeaase?
					
					
							Edited by Gurney Halleck, 07 May 2012 - 08:21 PM.
2327	NewJeffCT	2012-05-07	I'm not super hopeful, but I would be very happy if it played out mostly like from the books;Then, a surprise featured extra to retake Winterfell from Theon, and an actual casting for S3.Pwweeeeaase?What would they have Ramsay do in Season 3?  Ramsay Snow was in the last 1/3 of A Clash of Kings as Reek and then Ramsay.  Then, both he & Theon disappear until ADWD - only mentioned in passing a few scattered times in ASOS (not sure on AFFC?).  They'd have to drag in torture & flaying scenes, and would even HBO go there?   And, how often can they show that?  I think they'll have him in helm & cloak like Jaqen in Season 2.  They'll close the season with him apparently killing Theon and then bring Theon back in a few years when they start doing AFFC/ADWD storylines as a surprise.I'm still not sold on the change to the storyline from the books - in the books, Ramsay was kind of a loose cannon who was imprisoned in Winterfell as Reek.  TV show Ramsay seems to be holding down the Dreadfort in Roose's absence?  But, I'll see how it plays out over the last 4 episodes before I decide for sure.
					
					
							Edited by NewJeffCT, 07 May 2012 - 08:35 PM.
2328	DornishKnight	2012-05-07	He makes Joffrey look like Ned Stark!That's a bit extreme. I'd say he makes Joffrey look like Stannis.
2329	victim	2012-05-07	I can't see Ramsay being cast for Season 3. I assume he wasn't cast this year due to lack of things to do on-screen and he wasn't even in Storm of Swords, so it makes sense they're just saving him until Theon's ADwD arc or sometime shortly before that.
They probably want a good, at least somewhat big-name actor to play Ramsay and it just doesn't make sense economically to hire an actor that doesn't have much to do before his time. This doesn't necessarily mean he's just going to pop-up as a new character in Season 4 or 5, he's already been mentioned and after the sacking of Winterfell, I assume there will be many stories of flayings and other disgusting rumours being spread about him. They'll build up the lore of this character off-screen and then shove it down our throats later on.
2330	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-07	Dagmer being Roose's son would be the first ridiculous change from the books. I am glad to hear we're getting him though.
2331	Morrigan	2012-05-07	Apparently Michael McElhatton (Roose) is younger than Ralph Ineson (Dagmer, or Finchy from The Office).So, uh... yeah... /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />LOL. Well, that takes care of it. Not that I thought there was any chance in hell that they'd do that. I think the writers are derps, but not THAT big of derps.I don't get how or why people are excited just because a name was said.  Ramsay is pretty integral to the story, so of course they were going to include him.Getting excited about it, though?  He's a horrible character.  One of the few stereotypical monsters in the story and his death can't come soon enough.I can't speak for the others, but I for one am not excited so much as I'm relieved to hear he hasn't been cut. Yes, he's integral, but I thought Edmure and the Reeds were too and so far no sign of them whatsoever, so I was worried about Ramsay too. Some had speculated that his character would be merged with Roose's, and I'm glad that this isn't going to happen.
2332	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-07	Theon being betrayed by someone he thinks is an ally has emotional relevance.  A random army of Boltons is blah.  How can they end the best storyline of the season in such a dull way? 
  The idea that Ramsay can somehow fake it as an Ironborn is contrived, but we've already seen contrived plots this season with over ubiquitous Littlefinger and Mata Hari Jeyne.  At least Dagmer = Ramsay would be interesting.
  Also, isn't the Winterfall arc too far advanced to save Ramsay for next season?
  50/50 on whether I think this theory is correct.  It would be pretty funny.  We all have spent months wringing our hands over the absence of Reek, if he was there the whole time it would be kind of epic.
  BTW in the Manchurian Candidate, Angela Lansbury was about the same age as her on screen Laurence Harvey and it worked fine.
2333	Indigocell	2012-05-07	I'm just glad that everyone who was so concerned about whether or not he would be appearing can now relax.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2334	7V3N	2012-05-07	I'm still not sold on the change to the storyline from the books - in the books, Ramsay was kind of a loose cannon who was imprisoned in Winterfell as Reek.  TV show Ramsay seems to be holding down the Dreadfort in Roose's absence?  But, I'll see how it plays out over the last 4 episodes before I decide for sure.Well he was, IIRC, until the Lady Hornwood incident, which could be included later in the show.
2335	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	http://i.imgur.com/OxZZ7.jpgPerhaps too big a name, but that would be an inspired cast.Meh, I don't like it as much as other people do. Ramsay in my head is just more visceral and fleshy than Cilian Murphy - who does sadistic well, but in a refined, controlled sort of way. Maybe if he put on some muscle and fat and practiced his animalistic sneers. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2336	dtones520	2012-05-07	They can do plenty of Theon/Ramsay scenes next season. They are going to be super creepy, torture scenes, but we will get to see Theons transformation into Reek. They can also add to the Ramsay freakshow by showing the Lady Hornwood scene next season too.
2337	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-07	They can do plenty of Theon/Ramsay scenes next season. They are going to be super creepy, torture scenes, but we will get to see Theons transformation into Reek. They can also add to the Ramsay freakshow by showing the Lady Hornwood scene next season too.  Kyra and the keys.  That creeped me out so much.  It would be good/bad to see in real time.  They really should transplant the Criminal Minds people into Westeros.
2338	NewJeffCT	2012-05-07	They can do plenty of Theon/Ramsay scenes next season. They are going to be super creepy, torture scenes, but we will get to see Theons transformation into Reek. They can also add to the Ramsay freakshow by showing the Lady Hornwood scene next season too.How is that going to play on TV, though?  The scene with Joff, Roz and the other prostitute was wince inducing for many - and that only implied the worst part of it.  Flaying is another step beyond that.
2339	Aegon Blackfyre	2012-05-07	My thoughts on this are as follows: Asha/Yara comes to Winterfell with no reinforcements, just like in the books, Theon refuses to withdraw from the castle. Dagmer and the other Ironborn under the command of Theon see this as a threat to their lives (considering they will soon be attacked by a superior northern force) they sell Theon out to the besiegers (one of whom is perhaps the masked Ramsay) only to be cut down and maybe end with the sack of winterfell to confuse things up.
2340	Envie	2012-05-07	they can think of another way that Reek appears.... now that it has been confirmed there are 2 Boltons, all of my worries are out the window. I said it before, D&D love Theon's story, they will take extra care in not ruining it.I agree with you that the producers really seem to like the Theon tragedy story and are using it as one of the main themes for the show when it was only one of many side stories in the book. They're playing it up a lot more for the show so I'm quite sure they will have the "Reek" story line in there bold and creepy as can be - which means with pretty much all certainty Ramsay will make an appearance. I don't think it will be this season however. They've already said some things from the third book are being moved up to season 2 and some things from book 2 delayed until season 3 (which for me I hope means the Reeds will also still make an appearance when Bran and Rickon start their journey).
2341	Craven Mummer	2012-05-07	Perhaps D&D will try to give tv people some of the same surprise book readers got by trying to conceal the new Reek's identity. If we see the original Reek in a gimp like mask then insinuate Theon's death. Maybe they can get A little surprise when he's revealed. I know it's a lot to ask, but I was caught off guard when I read it, and I want my non-reader friends to get a little of that.
(null)
2342	G Vico	2012-05-07	Talisa is Ramsay Bolton.  It's pretty obvious, really.
2343	dtones520	2012-05-07	How is that going to play on TV, though?  The scene with Joff, Roz and the other prostitute was wince inducing for many - and that only implied the worst part of it.  Flaying is another step beyond that.I don't think David and Dan are afraid to push the envelope and do it. It's not like you have to show the skin peeling off. Just Ramsay prepping the flaying knife and Theon freaking out. Ramsay creeps me out in the books, he has to be a horror movie esque villain in the show and to do that you show what he does to Theon. You also see Theons demise into insanity. Creepy? For sure. Great drama? Yessir.
2344	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-07	How is that going to play on TV, though?  The scene with Joff, Roz and the other prostitute was wince inducing for many - and that only implied the worst part of it.  Flaying is another step beyond that.In terms of human torture/killing, I can't think of anything worse than a man being flayed alive in a scene, it's several volumes worse than even a gruesome beheading, like Ser Rodrick's was.
2345	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	If HBO feels like televised flaying is the next step they need to take we will see us some televised flayin'
People still believe they can rely on the book format to predict how the rest of this season will play out and how the next one begins? 
Really?
Theon's arc this year has already been emotionally packed and surprising, especially for audiences that have purely watched the show.
I'm starting to believe the sack of Winterfell won't happen early next season.
In episode 8 he holds down the fort, the visitor is probably his sister, episode 9 is supposedly going to focus purely on the Battle of Blackwater. 
Maybe the Theon ending will be the miller boys... I wonder if they'll show it for a scam right away or manipulate us in thinking they really are who they are posed as...
They have said several times that they have move things around.
One thing that I'm disappointed in is that the Ironborn will be flaying first.  Shouldn't they be drowning someone by now?
This is the reason people get stuck on the possibility of Dagmer being Ramsay because they've given him some of Boltons early role.
HBO didn't feel the need to cram Ramsay in so early. Some of you worry about managing the Theon character and ultimately believe they'd end his arc and leave it so abruptly.
They can milk it.  This season is his downfall, next season is his punishment...
If they somehow secretly slipped that Cilian Murphy guy in this season I'd fall over backwards.
2346	wood_dat_aye_could	2012-05-07	I know this is a little off topic (and Im not sure if this is in another thread), but there is another pure evil, very important character whom is prevalent in the 2nd book, that has had no appearance or character development thus far: The Mountain that Rides.  Why?  He was cast last season, he seems to be an important character moving forward, what with the trial by battle w/ Oberyn, and assumed transformation into Ser Robert Strong... What gives? Thought HE took Harrenhal, etc.  Anyways, like I said off topic a bit, but still wondering why he's been left out.
2347	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	Because HBO will most likely recast Conan for season 3&4 and just wanted Ian to be a presence this season.
As an actor it is more worthwhile to save himself up when he can at least be featured in 3-4 episodes a season.
2348	pntrlqst	2012-05-07	Dagmer = Ramsay theory seemed interesting until I found out the guy who plays Dagmer is four years OLDER then the feller who plays Daddy Bolton.
I would have been excited by the idea simply because I like the dynamic these two have had so far, with Dagmer being the little bird manipulating Theon's every move. However, people note the glaring hole over why/how the Ironborn would accept the dude in the first place. But Dagmer just being Dagmer with his whispers still works, cuz it's a constant reminder to Theon that he needs to try his bestest at being an Ironborn to make daddy proud and piss on his sister. Still wish it was Reek doing it, though, but this works..
Since Rodrick has been done for by Theon, I really really really hope Ramsay turns off Luwin's light.
2349	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-08	You're right about that.
Dagmer's show role is logical.  It feels more natural as well in this compressed time not to have the audience have to wonder why Theon takes advice from a shit covered dirtbag rather than an accomplished warrior from this mysterious "squid island people" that HBO wants to establish. 
They also don't have much time to win us over with Yara.  Could still be epic with that one despite the contested casting.
2350	Sound_of_winter	2012-05-08	@Bastard of Bolton, that would be insane if Theons last scene shows Ramsey taking off his helm and it's Cillian Murphy, I think book readers will crap themselves haha.
2351	wood_dat_aye_could	2012-05-08	Wasnt sure who Cillian Murphey was until I just did a google.  Yep... that guy plays the perfect creep AND his lips look like two worms fucking to boot!
2352	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-08	I really think Dagmer = Ramsay Snow. Yeah, theory's got some holes in it, but think about it:
-We've had no confimration that Dagmer is in fact ironborn, we haven't seen him interacting with any of his fellow iron islanders.
-He's taken the role of the devil on Theon's shoulder, which is exactly what 'Reek' does in the book at this point.
-Roose knew Theon was being sent back to Pyke, and could have sent word to his bastard to follow him and keep an eye on things: Roose may not have known the Greyjoys would rise against the Starks, but was aware of the possibility. Roose may say his bastard's in the Dreadfort but we all know just how trustworthy Roose is.
Someone pointed out that the actor of Dagmer is older than the actor of Roose but... he doesn't look too much older, they could get away with it.
'Dagmer' has been given way too much screen time to just be randomly killed when the Bastard of Bolton arrives. He's gotta have some wider significance.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 15 May 2012 - 05:12 AM.
2353	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	Well, the fact remains that Dagmer's actor is older than Roose's. That alone is the red light for me; it would be awkward as hell to see them interact.Ramsay's presumably in his twenties. No age is ever really given, but he's described as a "young man" and almost certainly not a teen. Why age him up with an actor older than the guy playing his father? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 08 May 2012 - 05:39 AM.
2354	Arkash	2012-05-08	@Bastard of Bolton, that would be insane if Theons last scene shows Ramsey taking off his helm and it's Cillian Murphy, I think book readers will crap themselves haha.That would be just perfect !
2355	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	For all the people arguing that HBO is not going to show Theon being flayed at the Dreadfort.... go watch Season 3 of Dexter.  There's a villain called the Skinner in that season, and you see people both living and dead who have been wholly or partially flayed.  I believe you even see the dead body of a teenage boy who has been flayed.  So i don't think HBO showing us Theon's transformation into Reek, losing his fingers etc. is out of the question AT ALL for reasons of graphic-ness.  It's been done before and as far as I know there was no outcry or anything.  They will probably cut away from the actual act of flaying, but that's easily done.  They could even just focus in on Ramsay's sick grin as he's doing it while Theon screams.  It will turn heads to be sure, but really, we WANT Ramsay to turn heads!
All in all I think there's enough material in that storyline for Theon to have about as much material in Season 3 and 4 as Jaime is getting this season.  We can get a scene of <insert show replacement for Kyra here> freeing Theon and them going on the run, only to be hunted down by Ramsay and his dogs, at which point it's revealed it was all Ramsay's sick game.  Then Ramsay doling out his "punishment" to them both.  Would be affecting as HELL, and perfect to set Ramsay up to take Joffrey's place as the show's prime sadistic sociopath.  We could also conceivably have the Lady Hornwood subplot play out after Theon's a captive at the Dreadfort.
EDIT: The castration will I hope still be implied...although Spartacus: Blood and Sand showed even that...(I don't much care for that show)
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 08 May 2012 - 06:56 AM.
2356	Arkash	2012-05-08	I agree, at least three scenes, or four, might be the idea next season:
- First torture, flaying.
- Escape with Kyra.
- Another flying scene, more vicious and violent.
- Him alone in the cells trying to catch rats.
2357	NewJeffCT	2012-05-08	I don't think David and Dan are afraid to push the envelope and do it. It's not like you have to show the skin peeling off. Just Ramsay prepping the flaying knife and Theon freaking out. Ramsay creeps me out in the books, he has to be a horror movie esque villain in the show and to do that you show what he does to Theon. You also see Theons demise into insanity. Creepy? For sure. Great drama? Yessir.There is a difference between a well regarded HBO drama and torture porn movies like Saw, Hostel and The Human Centipede.I'd be surprised if I was wrong, but I don't think we'll have the Reek who is really Ramsay betrayal storyline, though there could be somebody else who betrays Theon.  Since the show has a limited budget, I don't think they'd cast a whole new actor for a few scenes in episode 10 and then hold them over for all of season 3 and 4 so they can show Ramsay torturing hapless Theon.  That can be better, and more cheaply, accomplished through some flashbacks when Reek/Theon appears when they start filming ADWD storylines. They could introduce a Reek as Ramsay's sidekick and have him die when Ramsay turns on Theon, then as punishment for Theon, Ramsay makes Theon replace his original Reek.
2358	Arkash	2012-05-08	The series will never do flashbacks, too cheasy and out of tune... and the obvious choice to introduce the fans-long awaited Ramsay and keep contract with Alfie Allen is to show those scenes in next season! 
And it will be a good thing, it will be amazing on screen and create another villain to take the place of Joffrey!
2359	Manfryd Lothston	2012-05-08	@Bastard of Bolton, that would be insane if Theons last scene shows Ramsey taking off his helm and it's Cillian Murphy, I think book readers will crap themselves haha.Cillian Murphy is an amazing candidate for this role. He's perfect as Ramsay, and already did his share of deranged sociopathic villains (e.g. Scarecrow).Some may say that Rams ought to have a more "fleshy" physique, but IMO this show will badly need a handsome villain once Joff's done for. The more important part of Ramsay's character is that he represents the temptation of evil - e.g. actively "seducing" Theon to kill the miller's boys and all-around being successful with his evil plots - well, Murphy's ideal for that.What I hope they won't do is portray Ramsay as a one-note, cliche, frothing-at-the-mouth lunatic whose only interest is flaying people. Ramsay is much more than that.
2360	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	@Bastard of Bolton, that would be insane if Theons last scene shows Ramsey taking off his helm and it's Cillian Murphy, I think book readers will crap themselves haha.Honestly, if this happens... I just... words cannot express how unutterably awesome this would be.
2361	Botyr	2012-05-08	Talisa is Ramsay Bolton.  It's pretty obvious, really.That's ridiculous, Vico.
2362	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	There is a difference between a well regarded HBO drama and torture porn movies like Saw, Hostel and The Human Centipede.I'd be surprised if I was wrong, but I don't think we'll have the Reek who is really Ramsay betrayal storyline, though there could be somebody else who betrays Theon.  Since the show has a limited budget, I don't think they'd cast a whole new actor for a few scenes in episode 10 and then hold them over for all of season 3 and 4 so they can show Ramsay torturing hapless Theon.  That can be better, and more cheaply, accomplished through some flashbacks when Reek/Theon appears when they start filming ADWD storylines.They could introduce a Reek as Ramsay's sidekick and have him die when Ramsay turns on Theon, then as punishment for Theon, Ramsay makes Theon replace his original Reek.To your first point - see my previous post about flaying being shown on Dexter, which is also a well regarded drama. To your second point - It's either introduce Ramsay soon and have a few scenes of him torturing Theon over the course of seasons 3 and 4, or cut Theon out of the show entirely for the next two seasons.  Which do you really think is more likely?  That they'll cast an actor as Ramsay now and give him a limited role for two seasons (similar to Jaime this season or Theon last season) or take an actor who has just given one of the most compelling performances on their show and completely get rid of him for two seasons?
2363	surfKraken	2012-05-08	I'm convinced it's Dagmer.
Just listen to his voice.   It's super creeeeepy!   He's gonna rock out the Ramsey role.
2364	G Vico	2012-05-08	That's ridiculous, Vico.Why?  Because a woman can't be the bastard son of Roose Bolton?  Sexist much?I'm not sure how you can read these books or follow this board without realizing the ultimate secret of ASOIAF:Roose + Littlefinger = Jeyne Westerling.
2365	IronSuitor	2012-05-08	I'm convinced it's Dagmer.Just listen to his voice.   It's super creeeeepy!   He's gonna rock out the Ramsey role.He would make a good Ramsay, if I could get over the obvious fact that he looks older than Roose. (It wouldn't bother me so much, Ramsay's done some hard living, Roose spends his days reading and leeching, mostly. And practicing the right of first night sounds like something Roose would have tried when he was quite young) But imagine how confusing it would be for non-book readers to have Roose mean this borderline 50 year old when he says "my boy."What I hope they won't do is portray Ramsay as a one-note, cliche, frothing-at-the-mouth lunatic whose only interest is flaying people. Ramsay is much more than that.He also likes raping them. I'm as big a Bolton fanboy as anyone, but the dude has expressed roughly two emotions the entire time we've seen him. To be sure, he's cunning and unpredictable, but giving him the Jaime Lannister humanizing treatment would be ridiculous. Sometimes a mad-dog is just a mad-dog.I'm excited to see what they do with Ramsay, though I'm dreading the fact that he probably is not making an appearance this season. I really have no preferences on how they introduce the character. They could invent an entire subplot to get him involved, as long as his emotional impact is effective.
2366	NewJeffCT	2012-05-08	To your first point - see my previous post about flaying being shown on Dexter, which is also a well regarded drama.To your second point - It's either introduce Ramsay soon and have a few scenes of him torturing Theon over the course of seasons 3 and 4, or cut Theon out of the show entirely for the next two seasons.  Which do you really think is more likely?  That they'll cast an actor as Ramsay now and give him a limited role for two seasons (similar to Jaime this season or Theon last season) or take an actor who has just given one of the most compelling performances on their show and completely get rid of him for two seasons?Dexter is Showtime, though, not HBO.Also, there is a difference between giving somebody a limited role for just one season (like Jamie) or an emerging role for one season (like Theon) than to have them be an emerging villain for two or more seasons.
2367	NewJeffCT	2012-05-08	The series will never do flashbacks, too cheasy and out of tune... and the obvious choice to introduce the fans-long awaited Ramsay and keep contract with Alfie Allen is to show those scenes in next season!And it will be a good thing, it will be amazing on screen and create another villain to take the place of Joffrey!So, if they don't do flashbacks, they can just do it via sexposition like they normally do - Roz can end up at the Dreadfort.And, Joff should be around until the Purple Wedding in season 4, so they won't really need a new villain until after that.  Though, they have Cersei and Hizdahr zo Loraq for villains as well.
					
					
							Edited by NewJeffCT, 08 May 2012 - 11:09 AM.
2368	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-08	I cant wait for Ramsey Bolton (much as I hate him) to get hold of Theon!
2369	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	Dexter is Showtime, though, not HBO.Also, there is a difference between giving somebody a limited role for just one season (like Jamie) or an emerging role for one season (like Theon) than to have them be an emerging villain for two or more seasons.I'm not really sure why you say that.  Can you elaborate?  And do you really think we're just going to be Theon-less for two seasons?
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 08 May 2012 - 12:55 PM.
2370	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-08	He would make a good Ramsay, if I could get over the obvious fact that he looks older than Roose. (It wouldn't bother me so much, Ramsay's done some hard living, Roose spends his days reading and leeching, mostly. And practicing the right of first night sounds like something Roose would have tried when he was quite young) But imagine how confusing it would be for non-book readers to have Roose mean this borderline 50 year old when he says "my boy."If they'd wanted to do this, they could have had Ramsay be Roose's bastard brother not son.
					
					
							Edited by Brienne the Beauty, 08 May 2012 - 01:05 PM.
2371	EgoistMusketeer	2012-05-08	Can I finally say "Suck it!" to everyone that kept insisting that Roose was going to be sent north and Tywin had replaced him at Harrenhal?
2372	Stannis the Stern	2012-05-08	NO! Dagmer is not Ramsay! Could it be any more frickin' obvious that he isn't?
2373	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	NO! Dagmer is not Ramsay! Could it be any more frickin' obvious that he isn't?People are mistaking the "Reek" role for the Ramsay one. All Ramsay did under Reek's guise was egg Theon on with one or two of his schemes, playing the devil on his shoulder. This wasn't for any real purpose other than earning his trust and, well... because he's evil.Dagmer is egging Theon on too, but for a very clear (and very different) reason: to earn him respect in the eyes of their fellow Ironborn, whose culture is all about brutality and "paying the iron price." That's probably going to be Dagmer's motivation when he encourages Theon's ruthlessness, and that's why Theon will give into it. His desperate quest for acceptance and respect is Theon's defining character trait.Dagmer taking over Reek's role doesn't need to overlap with any link to the Bastard of Bolton. I actually think Dagmer will be one of "Red Helm's" first victims.Well... think of it this way: "Reek" may be cut, but Ramsay Snow, the Bastard of Bolton and current castellan of the Dreadfort, is not. Dagmer is merely taking on aspects of "Reek's" role, but for entirely different reasons.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 08 May 2012 - 01:45 PM.
2374	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-08	NO! Dagmer is not Ramsay! Could it be any more frickin' obvious that he isn't?No.But fans like their theories. See the speculation that Ros will take Jeyne Poole's role as fake Arya - the actress that plays Ros is roughly twice the age of the actress that plays Arya.
2375	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-08	Damger is egging Theon on, but for a very clear reason: to earn him respect in the eyes of their fellow Ironborn. That's probably going to be Dagmer's motivation when he encourages Theon's ruthlessness, and that's why Theon will give into it. His desperate quest for acceptance and respect is Theon's defining character trait.Dagmer doesn't seem to care about Theon's success at all. He almost seems to be egging him on to mock him. Perhaps he hopes to take control when Theon gets himself killed with incompetence. Perhaps he's working for Yara to humiliate Theon so she can keep her place as heir.
2376	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-08	Dagmer doesn't seem to care about Theon's success at all. He almost seems to be egging him on to mock him. Perhaps he hopes to take control when Theon gets himself killed with incompetence. Perhaps he's working for Yara to humiliate Theon so she can keep her place as heir. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Thats a great comment mate
2377	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	Dagmer doesn't seem to care about Theon's success at all. He almost seems to be egging him on to mock him. Perhaps he hopes to take control when Theon gets himself killed with incompetence. Perhaps he's working for Yara to humiliate Theon so she can keep her place as heir.Yeah, maybe. Bit early to tell, but he strikes me as loyal enough; I'm not so sure he'd have gone along with this ploy to begin with if he wasn't firmly on Prince Theon's side.
2378	Manfryd Lothston	2012-05-08	Dagmer doesn't seem to care about Theon's success at all. He almost seems to be egging him on to mock him. Perhaps he hopes to take control when Theon gets himself killed with incompetence. Perhaps he's working for Yara to humiliate Theon so she can keep her place as heir.I still think Yara may be the one to betray Theon in the absence of Reek. She'll arrive with the Bastard's men posing as "allied forces", or let them in once Ramsay lays siege to Winterfell. It may be done to cement a secret alliance between the Boltons, the Greyjoys and the Lannisters against the Starks.Otherwise it would be too boring without any sort of twisted betrayal.Dagmar's role is different - he embodies the few men loyal to Theon who die before his eyes and because of his miscalculations.
					
					
							Edited by Manfryd Lothston, 08 May 2012 - 02:20 PM.
2379	Davos55	2012-05-08	Thank the Gods the Bastard of the Dreadfort has been confirmed! I am very excited for him to show up and am truly relieved that he was finally mentioned.
Though I will be very sad if the first "Reek" isn't utilized in some way, or if Ramsay being Reek never occurs. I am sure I will be let down in this regard, but we shall see. Either way, I hope they get someone good for Ramsay, and they don't alter his character to be more "suitable" for TV. (i.e. super attractive, has some sympathy, etc.)
2380	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-08	I'm guessing Ramsey will march on Winterfell with the orginal Reek in tow.
After a short battle, Reek is killed and so the cruel, twisted Ramsey decides to make Theon "Reek 2".
I wonder if they'll show Ramsey and the Lady Hornwood angle?
2381	Lord Kyle	2012-05-08	I was extremely happy to hear that Ramsay will be in the show. I really, really hope they cast someone who's willing to put all they've got into being The Bastard of Bolton. Personally, the actors who do the best job on the show (and by that I mean capture the personae of the characters in the books the best) are Tyrion, Varys, Catlyn, and Jaime. Eddard and Tywin use to be among them for me but I don't count Eddard since he's no longer present on the show and I don't count Tywin not at the fault of Charles Dance, but because the writers fucked up his character. Can't wait to hate (or love) Ramsay.
2382	NewJeffCT	2012-05-08	I'm guessing Ramsey will march on Winterfell with the orginal Reek in tow.After a short battle, Reek is killed and so the cruel, twisted Ramsey decides to make Theon "Reek 2".I wonder if they'll show Ramsey and the Lady Hornwood angle?that is my guess as well for what happens with Reek and New Reek...
2383	Michaelj	2012-05-08	Winterfell will fall this season. Alfie had an interview and he said that the actor who plays Dagmer said it was the most awesome scene ever, with fire and  stuff. It may not be Winterfell though I suppose... If Theon goes this season though, that means he's gone for like 3 years or so? I think Dagmer will betray Theon this season, perhaps he will betray them to the Dreadfort?
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 08 May 2012 - 03:59 PM.
2384	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	A recent casting breakdown for season three indicated that the production is looking for a â<U+0080><U+009C>male 20-30, but weird and extreme looking.â<U+0080><U+009D> I don't know about you, but that sounds conspicuous to me...
2385	Trinket2	2012-05-08	I wonder if people will hate Ramsay or Joff more /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
I look forward to seeing him!
2386	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	I wonder if people will hate Ramsay or Joff more /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I look forward to seeing him!Oho, if we get the Ramsay from the books, I think it's quite easy to say that he's a hell of a lot worse than Joffrey ever was.  Joffrey never hunted girls for sport or flayed anyone alive.
2387	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-08	A recent casting breakdown for season three indicated that the production is looking for a â<U+0080><U+009C>male 20-30, but weird and extreme looking.â<U+0080><U+009D> I don't know about you, but that sounds conspicuous to me...AAAAAAAHHH YEAAAAAAAA
2388	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	Winterfell will fall this season. Alfie had an interview and he said that the actor who plays Dagmer said it was the most awesome scene ever, with fire and  stuff. It may not be Winterfell though I suppose... If Theon goes this season though, that means he's gone for like 3 years or so? I think Dagmer will betray Theon this season, perhaps he will betray them to the Dreadfort?A recent casting breakdown for season three indicated that the production is looking for a â<U+0080><U+009C>male 20-30, but weird and extreme looking.â<U+0080><U+009D> I don't know about you, but that sounds conspicuous to me...So it's official (except not really): Winterfell falls at the end of this season, to either Dreadfort men and no Ramsay or an unnamed extra wearing a red helmet as Ramsay; Ramsay is cast and introduced next season.Could either of you provide links to where you found these nuggets of information?
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 08 May 2012 - 05:15 PM.
2389	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	http://winteriscomin...ee-ramsay-snow/Second paragraph. Sounds promising enough, but eh.
2390	Michaelj	2012-05-08	So it's official (except not really): Winterfell falls at the end of this season, to either Dreadfort men and no Ramsay or an unnamed extra wearing a red helmet as Ramsay; Ramsay is cast and introduced next season.Could either of you provide links to where you found these nuggets of information?Thronecast, Alfie interview. I think its thronecast anyway, Alfie was such a dork. Maybe the interview is on youtube. Btw isn't confirmed whatsoever, he could be talking about a different scene that HBO have invented for all I know.http://skyatlantic.s...allen-interview
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 08 May 2012 - 05:47 PM.
2391	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	Thronecast, Alfie interview. I think its thronecast anyway, Alfie was such a dork. Maybe the interview is on youtube. Btw isn't confirmed whatsoever, he could be talking about a different scene that HBO have invented for all I know.http://skyatlantic.s...allen-interviewYeah my "official" was sarcastic, which I tried to indicate with the "except not really".  Sorry if I didn't get that across too well.  I do think what I outlined is relatively likely though.And thanks to both you and Jaime Lannister for the links!
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 08 May 2012 - 05:53 PM.
2392	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-08	Oho, if we get the Ramsay from the books, I think it's quite easy to say that he's a hell of a lot worse than Joffrey ever was.  Joffrey never hunted girls for sport or flayed anyone alive.Only because he didn't think of it, before he died young. It's probably fortunate for Westeros that those two were born at different ends of the country.
2393	DornishKnight	2012-05-08	I look forward to Season 3 castration, flaying, and rape-hunts.  After the PW, people will forget Joffrey.
2394	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	Only because he didn't think of it, before he died young. It's probably fortunate for Westeros that those two were born at different ends of the country.It could have been worse...http://i.imgur.com/QLbvZ.jpg
2395	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-08	It could have been worse...http://i.imgur.com/QLbvZ.jpgI want to read that fan fiction
2396	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-08	So what is Roose's plan in sending Ramsay to Winterfell, anyway? Is he already planning to betray the Starks in the show?
2397	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	So what is Roose's plan in sending Ramsay to Winterfell, anyway? Is he already planning to betray the Starks in the show?I don't think sending Ramsay to Winterfell necessarily means he's intending to betray them yet.  If I recall correctly the catalyst for Roose turning his cloak is Robb wedding Jeyne and therefore losing the support of the Freys.  As long as Robb marries Jeyne before the sack of Winterfell it'll all still make sense. On the other hand, Roose and Robb have butted heads in almost all their interactions on the show thus far, so it could well be that show-Roose simply believes Robb incapable of winning the war against the Lannisters.
2398	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-08	sorry, double post.
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 08 May 2012 - 07:39 PM.
2399	Arkash	2012-05-08	The news of casting saddens me a little bit, cause I was still holding to the foolish and stupid hope that they secretly already cast him and he would appear in the last moment... I already knew it was a fool's hope, but still ! =D
Amazing he will be there next season !
2400	jblair	2012-05-08	Yes huge thumbs up for the bastard's future appearance.
2401	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-05-08	My favorite part of the entire episode.
					
					
							Edited by Hot Pie Targaryen, 08 May 2012 - 11:08 PM.
2402	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-05-08	Did anyone else literally jump and shout with glee when Roose mentioned his son of the Dreadfort? I cannot express how much Ramsay being in the TV series means to me.Is anyone else sharing my enthusiasm?Reek, reek, it rhymes with weak.Funny, I did exactly that, punctuated with "yes" repeatedly. I was kind of worried Roose would be going to Winterfell.
2403	Terminated	2012-05-09	I'd like to see Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Ramsay (Henry 8 from the Tudors).  They already took Ann Boleyn for Margaery anyway...
2404	Died a Hero	2012-05-09	"Not bastard, never bastard! You mustn't call him that!"
2405	SynthFG	2012-05-09	So what is Roose's plan in sending Ramsay to Winterfell, anyway? Is he already planning to betray the Starks in the show?At the very least it puts Ramsay and the Dreadfort men in control of both Rob's Castle and his Heirs
2406	madman2711	2012-05-09	i think the Dreadford and Winterfell were at war for some time till the Starks finally won the North and put an end to flaying and other fun games of the Boltons
but Ramsay just so an opportunity to his future heritage and after the Hornwood domain he dreamed of a new Lord of the North for the Boltons for his father and in future for himself and acted on it with or without Roose consent as i dont remeber that Roose knew of his plans, and moreover he was wanted by  the Winterfell host for the nice treatment of his wife so it was two birds with one stone
2407	WITCHKING	2012-05-09	I don't think sending Ramsay to Winterfell necessarily means he's intending to betray them yet.  If I recall correctly the catalyst for Roose turning his cloak is Robb wedding Jeyne and therefore losing the support of the Freys.  As long as Robb marries Jeyne before the sack of Winterfell it'll all still make sense.On the other hand, Roose and Robb have butted heads in almost all their interactions on the show thus far, so it could well be that show-Roose simply believes Robb incapable of winning the war against the Lannisters.Bolton said to Theon that Stark were done when he take Winderfell...
2408	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-09	I'd like to see Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Ramsay (Henry 8 from the Tudors).  They already took Ann Boleyn for Margaery anyway...THISOMG this would the perfect role for him....I also like that other person who was mention....Cillian something I believe.Anyways I'll wait to see how the actor does but so far I'm not seeing it. He doesn't strike me as Ramsay yet.
2409	SerMixalot	2012-05-09	Something seems to be off on the timeline for Ramsey, Roose, Robb
In the show, Robb has been nothing but successful in his war, he has not betrayed the Freys.  Is Roose already plotting to betray him?  Does he have that much control over his bastard?  I Figured that Roose had only decided to betray robb between finding he has married and the RW.  Cant recall how does that timeline work with Ramsey capturing Winterfell?
2410	Elroy Mankins	2012-05-09	It seems like the Bolton's have always resented the Starks, so I would think it would only take the right opportunity for them to betray them.
2411	NewJeffCT	2012-05-09	Since Ramsay seems to be working for Roose now, my guess is this:
Next episode is when he tracks down the boys and kills the miller's kids.  I'm guessing the show will give us the cliffhanger of Theon stringing up two boys and some of the Winterfell staff wailing in horror.
In the Prince of Winterfell, Yara/Asha comes to visit, drops off a few men, yells at Theon for being a moron for killing the boys, then leaves.  Robb & Cat get the news of Bran & Rickon's death.  (Twitter explodes with the controversy of killing children, especially a handicapped one)
In episode 10, Ramsay's forces attack Winterfell and overwhelm the 30 or so men with Theon.  We'll see some of the initial attack, and then they'll cut away to Theon's final scene with Wintefell burning around him, and Theon being slapped to the ground by Ramsay.  (People will be cheering for Ramsay)	They'll then have Roose reporting to Robb that Ramsay has retaken Winterfell, but Theon burned most of the structures to the ground when he saw he was losing.  Alas, all inside were lost, save Theon who is now a prisoner.
Then, episode 10 closes with Bran & Rickon escaping Winterfell with Hodor and Osha.
					
					
							Edited by NewJeffCT, 09 May 2012 - 07:38 PM.
2412	Lord Kyle	2012-05-09	Then, episode 10 closes with Bran & Rickon escaping Winterfell with Hodor and Osha.Do you think that they'll backtrack to Winterfell and hide in the crypts like in the book?
2413	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-09	Do you think that they'll backtrack to Winterfell and hide in the crypts like in the book?Yeah, it makes sense and it was a good plot twist. I can't see any benefit to changing that.
2414	The Monkey	2012-05-09	i think the Dreadford and Winterfell were at war for some time till the Starks finally won the North and put an end to flaying and other fun games of the Boltonsbut Ramsay just so an opportunity to his future heritage and after the Hornwood domain he dreamed of a new Lord of the North for the Boltons for his father and in future for himself and acted on it with or without Roose consent as i dont remeber that Roose knew of his plans, and moreover he was wanted by  the Winterfell host for the nice treatment of his wife so it was two birds with one stoneI always thought Roose condoned Ramsay's actions in Cok. How else would Ramsay be able to rather 600 men to sack Winterfell, without the consent of their Lord?
2415	NewJeffCT	2012-05-09	Do you think that they'll backtrack to Winterfell and hide in the crypts like in the book?Yes - it makes sense because Bran, Rickon, Hodor & Osha are on foot and don't have a chance to escape mounted Theon with dogs (assuming they have horses...)And, as somebody mentioned upthread, they already have the cool crypt set designed from last year.
2416	NewJeffCT	2012-05-09	I always thought Roose condoned Ramsay's actions in Cok. How else would Ramsay be able to rather 600 men to sack Winterfell, without the consent of their Lord?I thought he had 300-400 men?  But, I could be mistaken. (and, I'm wrong a lot)  However, I think Ramsay already had a group of men loyal to him and not his father and was able to use them to gather the men to his cause.  Many of them likely thought Ramsay dead when Reek was killed in his place.
2417	IVI4RCU5	2012-05-10	Bolton said to Theon that Stark were done when he take Winderfell...I do remember him saying this, but it doesn't necessarily mean that's when he decided to switch sides.  It would make sense, though.Something seems to be off on the timeline for Ramsey, Roose, RobbIn the show, Robb has been nothing but successful in his war, he has not betrayed the Freys.  Is Roose already plotting to betray him?  Does he have that much control over his bastard?  I Figured that Roose had only decided to betray robb between finding he has married and the RW.  Cant recall how does that timeline work with Ramsey capturing Winterfell?Well, even though WE don't find out about Robb's marriage until Catelyn does in Book 3, he got married sometime during the events of Book 2, so it's not IMPOSSIBLE that Roose got word of this while at Harrenhal through some other source, and sent word to Ramsay at the Dreadfort (after he'd been sent away by Theon to get help) giving him the go-ahead to sack Winterfell.  However I find this to be unlikely as it seems to imply a rather detailed knowledge by Roose of events both in the west AND in the north.  I think it's far more likely that Ramsay simply acted independently, considering the Starks were already willing to kill him after the Lady Hornwood incident.  He was left as castellan of the Dreadfort by Roose if I'm not mistaken, so whatever men were there owed him their loyalty in Roose's absence and would've had to obey his commands.EDIT: Also, I challenge anyone to tell me that this isn't Ramsay Bolton:http://29.media.tumb...bxpzko1_400.png
					
					
							Edited by IVI4RCU5, 10 May 2012 - 04:16 PM.
2418	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-10	I understand quoting yourself is damn lame, but it seems I was actually correct, and I want to parade that fact around.I applaud you... Seriously, I'd quote myself as well:)
2419	FloredaA	2012-05-11	EDIT: Also, I challenge anyone to tell me that this isn't Ramsay Bolton:http://29.media.tumb...bxpzko1_400.pngI'm with you on that point, but I'm afraid the casting crew will take your challenge up and try to find someone cheaper (and hopefully equally convincing and talented ; some of the faces suggested elsewhere could work as well cf Iwan Rheon, though I've never seen him act)
2420	The Monkey	2012-05-11	I thought he had 300-400 men?  But, I could be mistaken. (and, I'm wrong a lot)  However, I think Ramsay already had a group of men loyal to him and not his father and was able to use them to gather the men to his cause.  Many of them likely thought Ramsay dead when Reek was killed in his place.Nope, it was 600. I doubt that many would've followed a psychopathic bastard (who wasn't Roose's heir at this point either) into betraying the Starks without the consent of their Lord.
2421	Conchobar	2012-05-11	THISOMG this would the perfect role for him....I also like that other person who was mention....Cillian something I believe.Anyways I'll wait to see how the actor does but so far I'm not seeing it. He doesn't strike me as Ramsay yet.This guy could be playing Ramsay...http://pepinemom.p.e...et/i8knne4g.jpg
2422	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-11	EDIT: Also, I challenge anyone to tell me that this isn't Ramsay Bolton:http://29.media.tumb...bxpzko1_400.pngBit offtopic, but perhaps Cillian isn't that impossible. 90% wishful thinking, obviously, but the guy is a major antagonist later on. Ramsay's pretty much made it his life's mission to make as many enemies as he possibly can, and he's still going strong. If they could get an inspired cast like Sean Bean as Ned, then maybe it's not that impossible that one of the biggest antagonists would get a big name, too...Looking at that picture cements my belief. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 11 May 2012 - 05:53 AM.
2423	Conchobar	2012-05-11	Bit offtopic, but perhaps Cillian isn't that impossible. 90% wishful thinking, obviously, but the guy is a major antagonist later on. Ramsay's pretty much made it his life's mission to make as many enemies as he possibly can, and he's still going strong. If they could get an inspired cast like Sean Bean as Ned, then maybe it's not that impossible that one of the biggest antagonists would get a big name, too...Looking at that picture cements my belief. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Cillian Murphy would also be perfect. I think Ramsay should have an irish accent like Roose.
2424	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-11	Cillian Murphy would also be perfect. I think Ramsay should have an irish accent like Roose.They even resemble one another. Kind of. Like, with a little dressing up (or down) he could feasibly be the creepy-looking youthful son (thick long hair, beautiful pale eyes... the wicked glare, and the "don't trust me" sign written on his face) of the slightly older Roose. I get shivers just thinking of that feast scene ("don't make me rue the day I raped your mother") between those two. Ugh...Still. I don't recall Ramsay being particularly ugly ("a certain fleshiness" and "plump lips" are about the worst he gets, AFAIK, and even then it's through the eyes of Theon), so...
2425	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-05-11	Cillian Murphy would also be perfect. I think Ramsay should have an irish accent like Roose.Cillian Murphy would be perfect indeed but wouldn't he be a bit expensive for a not-such-a-major role of Ramsay? Cillian has a good ongoing career in Hollywood, I doubt he would have a free schedule for a tv series even the populars ones like GoT.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 11 May 2012 - 03:13 PM.
2426	mozzie7	2012-05-12	I can't wait for the viewers to turn all they hatred from Theon to the bastard of Dreadford.
2427	Fengari	2012-05-12	http://winteriscomin...ee-ramsay-snow/Second paragraph. Sounds promising enough, but eh.I guess that makes it clear we should not expect Reek in Winterfell anymore. If they already had someone for the part of Reek/Ramsay, they wouldn't need to cast him for next season. With Dagmer being the devil on Theon's shoulder, we don't really need him. Though it was a great detail in the book, Theon being betrayed by the man he released from the Winterfell prison, it was just that, a detail. I also don't think we need to see or hear from the 'original' Reek. What's important about Ramsay turning Theon into Reek is the utter humiliation and breaking of the man's spirit, not that he is a replacement to some obscure servant he had before...So what is Roose's plan in sending Ramsay to Winterfell, anyway? Is he already planning to betray the Starks in the show?I think he is seizing the opportunity to strengthen the Boltons in the North. Having his bastard control Winterfell and both Stark heirs puts the Boltons in a very strong position if anything should happen to Robb. After all, they are at war and anything can happen to Robb, even if he isn't actively planning to have a hand in his downfall yet.Since Ramsay seems to be working for Roose now, my guess is this:Next episode is when he tracks down the boys and kills the miller's kids.  I'm guessing the show will give us the cliffhanger of Theon stringing up two boys and some of the Winterfell staff wailing in horror.In the Prince of Winterfell, Yara/Asha comes to visit, drops off a few men, yells at Theon for being a moron for killing the boys, then leaves.  Robb & Cat get the news of Bran & Rickon's death.  (Twitter explodes with the controversy of killing children, especially a handicapped one)In episode 10, Ramsay's forces attack Winterfell and overwhelm the 30 or so men with Theon.  We'll see some of the initial attack, and then they'll cut away to Theon's final scene with Wintefell burning around him, and Theon being slapped to the ground by Ramsay.  (People will be cheering for Ramsay)	They'll then have Roose reporting to Robb that Ramsay has retaken Winterfell, but Theon burned most of the structures to the ground when he saw he was losing.  Alas, all inside were lost, save Theon who is now a prisoner.Then, episode 10 closes with Bran & Rickon escaping Winterfell with Hodor and Osha.Could be, but as I have said somewhere else on these boards, I wouldn't be surprised if the sack of Winterfell and the resurfacing of Bran and Rickon is pushed to season 3. Having people believe the boys are dead and Winterfell is about to be saved by the son of Roose at the end of this season, and then opening the next with Winterfell burning and the boys coming out of the crypts, would make for an opening episode that nobody would soon forget.So, my guess:Ep. 7: Theon leads a search partyHunting the boys, killing the Miller's sons. (or in this case, the orphan boys sent to the farmer earlier)Ep. 8: At Winterfell, Theon receives a visitor and holds down the fort.Yara shows up with a ridiculous small amount of 'support', tries to convince Theon to leave Winterfell, Theon refuses.Ep. 10: As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice.The Bolton men show up beneath the Walls of Winterfell, Luwin advises Theon to yield and take the Black, making it clear that there is no way he can hold the castle with so few men. No need to show Ramsay except maybe as a guy in red armor seen from afar...One thing that makes me wonder: the whole 'Roose goes north theory' was here not only because of the absence of Reek, but also to explain why Roose wasn't at Harrenhall. So, now we now for sure Roose isn't going north, the question that remains unanswered is: why is Roose not at Harrenhall?
2428	Pellaeon	2012-05-12	One thing that makes me wonder: the whole 'Roose goes north theory' was here not only because of the absence of Reek, but also to explain why Roose wasn't at Harrenhall. So, now we now for sure Roose isn't going north, the question that remains unanswered is: why is Roose not at Harrenhall?Roose will take Harrenhal after Tywin went to the battle at the blackwater and during this attack arya will escape, because Roose will sack the castle, so Roose is in Harrenhalin Season 3, or not at all and arya escape because the mountain take over the castle after Tywin leaves
2429	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-08	At the end, we see Roose suggest to his his King that rather than head North with his army, he should allow Roose's bastard to deal with Theon and retake Winterfell.
In ACOK, it seems to me that Roose didn't decide to betray the Starks until after...
A. Bran and Rickon were killed, and
B. Stannis lost at the Blackwater
It is after these pivotal events that he sends the infantry to Duskendale, but before he gets word of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, which he must have seen as yet another reason to turn cloak. 
But in the show, Bran and Rickon are not considered "dead" yet and Stannis is still very much in the game. "The Lannisters are on the run," as he says himself. So what is he planning by sending Ramsay? Has TV Roose changed allegiance before Book Roose, and wants Ramsay to sack the castle, kill the Princes and blame it on Theon? Or is he being sincere at this point, and not realizing what Ramsay is going to do?
2430	Milcov	2012-05-09	Quite a lot of people speculate that as soon as Robb lost Winterfell he lost Roose. Robb's hope was sort of with Renly, Stannis and Joff will both kill him, Balon would as well. If Robb shows no intention of seizing the Iron Throne and all the other claimants would delight (or see it as vital) to kill him then it won't be good for the Bolton's when they lose. Roose is aware that the odds aren't on his side, and that's all he needs to know.
2431	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-09	Quite a lot of people speculate that as soon as Robb lost Winterfell he lost Roose. Robb's hope was sort of with Renly, Stannis and Joff will both kill him, Balon would as well. If Robb shows no intention of seizing the Iron Throne and all the other claimants would delight (or see it as vital) to kill him then it won't be good for the Bolton's when they lose. Roose is aware that the odds aren't on his side, and that's all he needs to know.This.I always imagined that Roose was the type to want a little more from life and from his family. Much like Tywin, which is why they perhaps made good allies in the end. Roose saw the chance to have the Boltons become the new overlords of the north, to oust the Starks.
2432	House_Blackfyre	2012-05-09	At this point, we don't know if Roose wants Ramsay to take over Winterfell for himself or if Ramsay takes it over on his own accord. In the show, it could be that Ramsay takes his own initiative. I guess we just have to wait and see.
2433	Eddard Sand	2012-05-09	I think at this point Roose's plan is to take Winterfell to curry favor with his liege lord. When events turn for the worse he does what any good power hungry lord would do.
I can't recall exactly what happens in the books. Does Ramsay raze Winterfell at Roose's request or on his own?
2434	scurvy	2012-05-09	It's not clear the Roose wants Ramsay in the books.  He seems to hedge a little- he wants an heir by his Frey bride and knows Ramsay is a threat to that heir.  He seems to recognized Ramsay has his uses, but the clock may be running out.  He also knows that Ramsay killed his first true heir who died of what I remember to be a bad belly.
2435	Davos55	2012-05-09	I am curious as to see how this plays out myself.  I hope they don't make Roose into a "villain" before he is known as one, as this could diminish the later aspects of his storyline in my opinion.
As long as the line, "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" is included in the show..I may be willing to let some things slide with this.
2436	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-09	I am curious as to see how this plays out myself.  I hope they don't make Roose into a "villain" before he is known as one, as this could diminish the later aspects of his storyline in my opinion.As long as the line, "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" is included in the show..I may be willing to let some things slide with this.Agreed on all points. Roose is my favorite "villain" in the book series (he out-Tywins Tywin in my mind) and I like the show's interpretation so far (though he should be wearing some pink). I just hope they get his betrayal right
2437	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-09	Maybe Ramsay has the same drive as Theon;
Take initiative, impress Dad, and screw the consequences.
2438	Laohu	2012-05-09	Who contacts who? Tywin -> Roose or Roose -> Tywin? The answer would shed a little more light on the betrayal.
2439	Tewks44	2012-05-09	I was under the impression that Roose was sending his bastard to recapture winterfell in good faith.  After all, Roose complains about how out of control the kid is, and he also makes a point of stressing it was the ironmen who burned winterfell, not Ramsay.  I don't think he planned on Ramsy's killing spree throughout Winterfell.  I think he was either acting in good faith, or perhaps just trying to get a Bolton in Winterfell.
2440	TheWhiteBull89	2012-05-10	in DwD Roose tells Theon himself that Robb lost the kingdom the night Theon took Winterfell so he was probably planning betrayal as soon as that happened ... he goes on complaining about Ramsay to Robb and the other Northern Lords because he wants to still seem loyal to Robbs cause right up until the Red Wedding
2441	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-10	I don't know if the dreadfort men would follow Ramsay without Roose's say so
2442	Ferrous	2012-05-10	You can't derive anything from his actions so far.
If Roose is currently loyal to Robb then getting Ramsay to recapture Winterfell is the best possible option. He is certainly correct that Robb can not march his army back to Winterfell.
2443	HouseLark	2012-05-10	I don't know if the dreadfort men would follow Ramsay without Roose's say soAlmost certainly not. He's just a bastard and we know the status of bastards in Westeros. All his authority derives from his father.I'm not sure Roose has set his betrayal in motion just yet. My own view is that he will see his opportunity when Robb breaks his vow to marry a Frey. By that time, Ramsey will be manning Winterfell with Robb's approval so will be in situ to easily take it. Stannis will have been defeated and the tide will look like it has turned irrevocably in the Lannister's favour. At this point Roose will see the chance to improve the position of his house rather than be wiped out in the inevitable defeat of the north. The rift between the Starks and Freys is the key to it all. Any rebellion by the Bolton's before this will leave them isolated, no one will follow them and his house does not have the strength to carry through a rebellion alone.Ultimately, I think Robb is going to prove to be even more naive than Ned.
2444	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-10	Almost certainly not. He's just a bastard and we know the status of bastards in Westeros. All his authority derives from his father.I'm not sure Roose has set his betrayal in motion just yet. My own view is that he will see his opportunity when Robb breaks his vow to marry a Frey. By that time, Ramsey will be manning Winterfell with Robb's approval so will be in situ to easily take it. Stannis will have been defeated and the tide will look like it has turned irrevocably in the Lannister's favour. At this point Roose will see the chance to improve the position of his house rather than be wiped out in the inevitable defeat of the north. The rift between the Starks and Freys is the key to it all. Any rebellion by the Bolton's before this will leave them isolated, no one will follow them and his house does not have the strength to carry through a rebellion alone.Ultimately, I think Robb is going to prove to be even more naive than Ned.Starks will be Starks...
2445	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-10	Maybe Ramsay has the same drive as Theon;Take initiative, impress Dad, and screw the consequences.Might be a little difficult to convey considering he'll (probably) be a glorified extra, but yeah. This could be good.
2446	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-10	Might be a little difficult to convey considering he'll (probably) be a glorified extra, but yeah. This could be good.I love being understood, especially if I'm wrong.Thanks!
2447	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-10	Roose in the books is constantly hedging his bets. He speaks to Robb of his bastard as if he didn't care whether he was killed, and he probably didn't. He's just trying to spread his eggs about so that he's in a good position no matter if the tide turns against Robb or stays with him. If Stannis wins and Robb continues to do well in the war Roose will be the man who saved Winterfell and resecured the north for Robb. If things go sour for Robb and he does the dirty, as the possessor of Winterfell (& the North) and as he isn't a Stark he could trade submission for a favourable deal with the Iron throne. It will be later events (Blackwater, Tyrell alleigance) that will seal which way the wind is blowing for him and lead him to get ground level into the conspiracy to gain even beter terms with the Iron Throne.
I think Theon will kill the millers boys before Ramsey arrives and episode 10 we'll see Ramsey attack and retake Winterfell (without seeing his face as he'll be an extra). Then next season Ramseys will start by torturing Theon in Winterfell and his burning of Winterfell will tie in closer timelinewise to his fathers betrayal of Robb at the RW.
2448	Mulled Wino	2012-05-10	I think roose is constantly looking for a stark weakness to take over the north
2449	Pellaeon	2012-05-10	I think roose want robb to take the iron throne so he can be lord paramount of some rich region, but after robbs course is dammed he decides to switch sides in his own best. So at the moment of the show i believe roose is on robbs side, maybe until ramsey sack winterfell on own risk and decide to do something to prevents robbs revange
2450	???	2012-05-10	I always thought Bolton's turned after the Kingslayer was released.
2451	The GreatRon	2012-05-10	Cat warning Robb to keep it in his pants beforehand
Roose seems to be giving legit advice, no indication hes turned yet,
His bastard would be honored?? hah
Tywin is answering a cup bearers questions about his father
I almost feel like Ramsay is going to do what he does and annihilate Winterfell and presumably kill Bran and Rickon, Roose is going to realize hes in an odd situation because this was HIS idea and reach out for Tywin after the Blackwater when Stannis is wrecked and the south comes together.  This is pure guess, and the show this season is really deviating. 
Will Roose be actually even holding the sword when the time comes
2452	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-10	Will Roose be actually even holding the sword when the time comesIf not, I'm quitting the show
2453	Zappotack	2012-05-10	Who contacts who? Tywin -> Roose or Roose -> Tywin? The answer would shed a little more light on the betrayal.Considering how the series is going I'd say LF->Tywin and LF->Roose.
2454	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-11	Considering how the series is going I'd say LF->Tywin and LF->Roose.please no, I'm getting sick of LF's face. Where the Fuck is Varys??
2455	Honey Badger	2012-05-11	I always thought around the time Robb executed his cousin Karstark that Bolton decided to turn.  Robb was turning out to be his father's son, and while Catelyn was proud of that, Roose figured idiotic Stark honor was what killed Ned, so decided to move against him.  But the timing has to work as I figured Tywin and Roose negotiated for some time before deciding on the Red Wedding.  It probably happened before the Westerling incident when Robb lost the Freys after losing the Karstarks.
As for taking over the North, I think that's too bold of a master plan.  More like the opportunity was there, so he took it.  Otherwise he'd be happy to be Robb's bannerman or Tywin's bannerman depending on how the winds blew.  So long as he's in a better position tomorrow than he is today, and he survives, it's all good to him.
In that sense, Frey and Bolton are the same type of house, except that Freys are open with their disdain and lack of loyalty, while Boltons are much more clever, pretending to be loyal.
2456	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-05-12	I just hope they don't spoil the surprise. Roose killing Robb and betraying everyone was the biggest shock for me after Ned's beheading, and I hope we don't get any inkling of the betrayal before the RW. They seem to be spoiling a lot of the dramatic surprises having Littlefinger run around between everybody and anybody. Praying this isn't the case...
2457	madman2711	2012-05-12	The Boltons were the Stark rival in the north and as i recall several Starks ended flayed at Dreadford in the past 
Only a Stark / Karstark alliance finally defeated the Boltons and established the Starks as kings in the North 
The story is in ASoS 
So Bolton only saw that Winterfell was ocupied by the ironborn that killed the Stark heirs and that leads to Robb doing Jayne and that estranged the Freys 
Stannis lost the BBL and the Lannister - Tyrell army was now on the move against Robb so after the beheading of Karstarks and the wedding proposal the set was in place 
Anyway the betrail was at least suggested by the release of Jaimee, the history of the north and the sack of winterfell by ramsay and if i recall arya never trusted Roose
2458	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-07	Alfie was just amazing in this episode, what do you guys think?
Can't wait for him to be brought all the way back down to zero by Ramsey, and also can't wait for him to become "Reek".
2459	Husband to Bears	2012-05-07	Alfie is doing a great job playing Theon.  I actually felt sorry for him upon his return to the Pike, now I want that jerk flayed, teeth broken and something removed.
2460	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-07	Agreed. His brutal takeover of Winterfell (and blatant fall from grace; just look at his expression after offing Rodrik...) was the highlight of the episode.
2461	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-07	He's gone from an interesting but minor character in season 1 to a staggeringly complex villain in season 2.  After last night I'll echo the sentiments I had following Episode 3, that his portrayal and the handling of this character are thus far marked improvements over the book.
I could see him getting some serious run at a best supporting actor nomination.
2462	Husband to Bears	2012-05-07	He's gone from an interesting but minor character in season 1 to a staggeringly complex villain in season 2.  After last night I'll echo the sentiments I had following Episode 3, that his portrayal and the handling of this character are thus far marked improvements over the book.I could see him getting some serious run at a best supporting actor nomination.I think his portrayal of Theon has humanized the character more then GRRM's writing did. Not until the most recent books did I feel any pity for Theon, that scene with Balon at the Pyke made me understand him a little better. But after this week, I hope the change the script and have Robb skip the wedding and head straight for Winterfell to flay Theon himself /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2463	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-07	I used to like Theon but now I'm starting to dislike him intensely.
2464	Ser Giant	2012-05-07	Loved how many wimpy hacks it took the coward to get Rod's head off.
2465	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-07	"gods help you theon greyjoy.. now you are truly lost".. amazing.
2466	TheEvilKing	2012-05-07	Alfie hasn't been impressing me as much as you lot. But I have to say, he stepped it up a notch this episode, especially in terms of facial expressions. That scene where he executes Ser Rodrik was crazy-intense.
2467	Howland Reed	2012-05-07	I think Alfie is making this season in my opinion.  He is doing a fantastic job.
2468	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-05-07	Even though I know what he's been through (and what he will be through) I couldn't help but hate Theon last night. I was surprised how emotional that scene made me feel but wow... Alfie Allen is doing amazing. Just the small expressions on his face make me kind of feel bad for him, but what he's doing makes me hate him... God, I've never been this conflicted about a character before.
Can't wait for him to be flayed so I can truly feel bad for him again...
2469	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-07	Loved how many wimpy hacks it took the coward to get Rod's head off.Yeah, big contrast to Eddard's quick and clean cutting in the very first episode.
2470	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-07	Even though I know what he's been through (and what he will be through) I couldn't help but hate Theon last night. I was surprised how emotional that scene made me feel but wow... Alfie Allen is doing amazing. Just the small expressions on his face make me kind of feel bad for him, but what he's doing makes me hate him... God, I've never been this conflicted about a character before.Can't wait for him to be flayed so I can truly feel bad for him again...I know, I can't wait to see how Alfie portrays one of the best character arcs in the entire series.
2471	Thwacker	2012-05-07	Theon is much more interesting in the show than the books.  Alfie is doing a great job transitioning Theon from one of the right hands of a propsective king to blind ambition without the will or means to make it happen to ultimately broken man.  Love it.
2472	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-07	As I say in the other thread, screen Theon is replacing book Theon in my head.
Allen is absolutely brilliant. He flicks from cocksure arrogance to petulant child beautifully.
It is worth saying though that I think the collective acting in that scene was very very good. They all helped create a great scene.
2473	Pellaeon	2012-05-07	Theon is more a human being with many mistakes than a villan, but i don't feel sorry for him, Ramsay being after him and he deserve it
comparing to Ramsey Joffrey is a chorister /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
2474	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	Yeah, big contrast to Eddard's quick and clean cutting in the very first episode.I've grown to like Alfie's portrayal so much that I'll defend him by noting that Eddard got a giant greatsword. Poor Theon tried to do it with an arming sword, and Rodrick had no neck to speak of. Somebody get that guy an ax.
2475	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-05-07	I feel the show succeeds in the fact that they have made the character much more human.
You can see his evolution as well as feel it, which is crucial.
He is struggling with the choices he is making but feels he needs to do this due to his blood.
2476	Greywolf2375	2012-05-07	Loved him sitting down on the bed with Bran - thought he did an excellent job all the way through those scenes.
2477	Lady Octarina	2012-05-07	He was amazing, the actor who had the best growth since season 1, I believe.
When he returns to Pyke he made me sympathize with Theon; now he made me hate him with as much intensity as when I read ACoK; and I'm sure he'll made me pity him just as much when he becomes Reek.
2478	Blangadanger	2012-05-07	I agree that Allen was excellent this episode. I love the way he shows both anger and uncertainty in every decision. He's incredibly brash, and everyone's lack of respect for him only continues to gnaw at his pride. I think he understood the incredible miscalculation he had made when he struggled to do carry out the sentence that he witnessed Ned Stark do so many times. The weight of killing a respected elder simply out of desperation for respect truly sank in when Maester Luwin made his comments afterward.
2479	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	I have to admit I wasnt an Alfie fan last season, just Meh
Even this season was so so for me, but in retrospect it was the wrting.
Last night though was oustanding, probably the highlight of this season so far.  The writing, the acting the directing all hit on all cylinders.  They even changed the story to good effect (Perhaps a sentance or two on capturing Ser Rodrik to explain why he was back) but all the actors did a great job, rodrik's face was very cool you could see the outraged pride, the hatred, the utter disgust he had for theon, the realization that life was at an end and he had nothing left to live for (in the book it was the threat against his daughter), but it translated well to how they played it out last night
but allie pulled it off, the inner conflict the realization that he has stepped way beyond his experience, the underlying need to prove himself to his fellow ironmen, a truly lost soul.
great performances all around in that scene
2480	Crown	2012-05-07	His face during and after Rodrik his beheading was pure gold.
2481	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-05-07	Alfie Allen was great in this episode, his look after the execution was brilliant.
In addition I'd also like to add that showDagmer is a real fucker, in contrast to the bookDagmer who is my favorite Ironborn in the books.
Before the execution it was like Maester Luwin was an angel on one of Theon's shoulders while Dagmer was the devil on the other.
2482	MaJose	2012-05-07	Yeah Alfie Allen has been great this season. I specially liked him in ep.3 when he shouts at Balon ("You gave me away!"), love that scene, it really showed Theon's inner conflict.
He was really great in this episode too. Trying so hard to gain respect and failing miserably (like always). He's expressions when he's talking to Roderick and after executing him were perfect.
Actually that whole scene was amazing. Not just Theon was great but also Roderick and Bran. I think Isaac Hempstead Wright did a really good job at completely freaking out. Sometimes when people go hysterical it can be over the top, but he did it perfectly.
2483	IronSuitor	2012-05-07	Yeah Alfie Allen has been great this season. I specially liked him in ep.3 when he shouts at Balon ("You gave me away!"), love that scene, it really showed Theon's inner conflict.He was really great in this episode too. Trying so hard to gain respect and failing miserably (like always). He's expressions when he's talking to Roderick and after executing him were perfect.Actually that whole scene was amazing. Not just Theon was great but also Roderick and Bran. I think Isaac Hempstead Wright did a really good job at completely freaking out. Sometimes when people go hysterical it can be over the top, but he did it perfectly."Hush now, child. I'm off to see your father" Rodrik, instant BAMF.
2484	FantA´me	2012-05-07	I was particularly amazed at the way Theon  shouted  "He disrespected me in front of my men, that was his decision not mine." .This line and all the rest  conveyed perfectly Theon as he appeared to me during these events . " You should respect me , why don't you respect me ,why don't you accept me as your Lord when I intend to be fair to you if you do, I don't want to hurt you, you're the ones forcing me to,I didn't want to kill Mikken, I had too, I didn't want these children killed,it's Bran and Rickon who made me , I had to do something...", the way he's constantly running away from his guilt , justifying himself to himself, and sincerely at a loss to understand why things are not going as he planned.I didn't like his acting (or his lines rather) so much in the first season but I really recognize this Theon now.Actually that whole scene was amazing. Not just Theon was great but also Roderick and Bran. I think Isaac Hempstead Wright did a really good job at completely freaking out. Sometimes when people go hysterical it can be over the top, but he did it perfectly.  Agreed! Bran's pleading was just sublime.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 07 May 2012 - 05:58 PM.
2485	Arkash	2012-05-07	Bran's screams were so perfect too, yes!
2486	kairparavel	2012-05-07	I'm just not buying what Alfie Allen is poorly selling. I cannot for the life of me understand what I seem to be missing that everyone is seeing but such is life. I die a little more each week with his portrayal and cringe at the thought of his Reek. I guess it's great people are enjoying him. I simply am not. He is probably my biggest casting gripe, with Loras and the Hound pulling up the rear.
To each their, I suppose.
2487	Northern Soul	2012-05-07	Although there is obvious symbolism behind Theon's multiple attempts at hacking off Ser Rodrik's head, let's not forget that it's harder to slice through someone's neck with a random blade than with a greatsword made of Valyrian steel... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2488	Milcov	2012-05-07	Brilliant, though I honestly don't understand the hate for Theon (book or show). He's a great character, the show just made me like him even more with his scenes with Balon and his clear need for approval at every decision.
2489	Envie	2012-05-07	Alfie Allen's acting has really, in my opinion, transformed Theon Greyjoy's tragedy into a new dimension the book couldn't do. There are many reasons I love all the detail and subtle shifting in the books that can't be translated well onto film, but for some areas, only a really good actor can bring a character to life (as Peter has done with Tyrion) in new ways we can identify with and love the character even more.
For the character of Theon, it seems to me it could have gone very badly if the wrong type of actor had been cast. They hit the nail right on the head with this guy, he's perfect for it and has just blossomed more and more as the season progresses. I honestly truly love Theon in the show far more than I ever did in the books even as much as I know is coming and how much I despised him in the books. It's amazingly good!!
I also feel similarly about the actor playing Joffrey, though he hasn't had as many stunning scenes as Alfie Allen.
2490	House Snow	2012-05-07	I think Alfie is making this season in my opinion.  He is doing a fantastic job.I couldn't agree more.  I don't think I appreciated just central his character was going to be in making this season, but if he had been off or even the more like George wrote him,  I don't think the season would have been nearly as good.  Alfie is really taking advantage of his opportunity.Also it will be interesting when the emmy noms come out.  The show apparently submitted Tyrion and Theon for supporting actor.  IMO Theon deserves it more than Tyrion so far.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 07 May 2012 - 07:17 PM.
2491	Ser Giant	2012-05-07	Although there is obvious symbolism behind Theon's multiple attempts at hacking off Ser Rodrik's head, let's not forget that it's harder to slice through someone's neck with a random blade than with a greatsword made of Valyrian steel... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />He's also half the size or smaller than Eddard.Let's definitely not start defending the character though, he was the idiot that thought he could do it with some small, random sword after watching Ned do it who-knows-how-many times. It's not necessarily a sign that he's weak physically, it's a respresentation of his character: small and stupid/a child.
2492	Envie	2012-05-07	Peter Dinklage got an Emmy for season 1, I think its fair to say Alfie's acting has really shined through this season more than anyone else even though Peter continues to be rock solid.
2493	BronnFan	2012-05-07	Yeah, don't get the hate for Theon either.
He took Winterfell by deception but Robb Stark captured Jamie Lannister by doing the same.
He killed Ser Rodrick but only because it was a part of the Iron Born creed. Not too dissimilar from what Ned done to the deserter in episode 1.
He may have killed a well-liked character but he is only one man in a kindgdom-wide war. How many has Robb killed/sent to their deaths?
Poor Theon.
2494	FantA´me	2012-05-07	Yeah, don't get the hate for Theon either. He took Winterfell by deception but Robb Stark captured Jamie Lannister by doing the same. He killed Ser Rodrick but only because it was a part of the Iron Born creed. Not too dissimilar from what Ned done to the deserter in episode 1. He may have killed a well-liked character but he is only one man in a kindgdom-wide war. How many has Robb killed/sent to their deaths? Poor Theon.He didn't kill ser Rodrick in the book you know. He killed Mikken I think but I don't remember well.. Anyway I think the main reason people hated him is pretty obviously his betrayal (which is not the same as deception). But are they really that many people who still hate him after Dance ? I was under the impression it had changed a lot of minds.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 07 May 2012 - 07:34 PM.
2495	Ser Giant	2012-05-07	He played part in murdering/raping two parents and flaying theiir little boys. No amount of torture can make up for that.
2496	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-07	He played part in murdering/raping two parents and flaying theiir little boys. No amount of torture can make up for that.Where was this shown? Or is it yet to happen. And if so when?
2497	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-07	good stuff all round
2498	Chelly	2012-05-07	Alfie Allen's acting has really, in my opinion, transformed Theon Greyjoy's tragedy into a new dimension the book couldn't do. There are many reasons I love all the detail and subtle shifting in the books that can't be translated well onto film, but for some areas, only a really good actor can bring a character to life (as Peter has done with Tyrion) in new ways we can identify with and love the character even more.For the character of Theon, it seems to me it could have gone very badly if the wrong type of actor had been cast. They hit the nail right on the head with this guy, he's perfect for it and has just blossomed more and more as the season progresses. I honestly truly love Theon in the show far more than I ever did in the books even as much as I know is coming and how much I despised him in the books. It's amazingly good!!I also feel similarly about the actor playing Joffrey, though he hasn't had as many stunning scenes as Alfie Allen. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This is exactly my thoughts. I'm so glad they cast Alfie Allen as Theon. I think he has done wonders with the character and his internal conflicts really shine through on his facial expressions and mannerisms. Alfie is killing it and I'm a total fan of him because of GoT.
2499	Honey Badger	2012-05-07	I think TV Theon is much more successful than the books at showing the character's humanity.  In the books he's such a dick that it's harder to feel bad for him.  Here, you really see how conflicted and damned he is.  He's never going to be happy.  I wonder if there's any redemption for him before the series is over.
2500	Mad Queen	2012-05-07	His scenes were by far the best part of this week's episode, even though the riot scene was great too. I'm one of those who didn't like it in season 1, I thought he didn't look right, didn't match the image in my head, but now I'm a fan. And I've never been able to hate Theon Greyjoy, even at his worst, in the books and now in the TV show. He's such a loser, he can't do the first thing right. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2501	Alytha	2012-05-08	I like how he gets this nervous twitch in his right eye when he's really angry or otherwise excited. Makes him look like a total madman. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
He's a really good hateable character this season.
2502	DemiNymph	2012-05-08	This actor and the script + dialogue is amazing for Theon. He has turned TV Theon into a superb A class villian, just like in the books. I love it that he made me hate Theon as much just as I can feel his conflict. 
I didn't think much of him in Season 1. I'm really glad he is able to expand his acting chops in Season 2.
2503	snax	2012-05-08	Alfie played Theon quite pathetically this episode (this is a good thing). It is obvious to everyone there that he is nothing more than a pretender of a noble princeling. I think knowing his inner turmoils sets him up to be more of a tragic character than in the books for when he becomes Reek, instead of merely a traitorous jerk getting his just desserts.
2504	akajea	2012-05-08	I liked Theon, even while reading ACoK. He's not a bad guy. Not truly.It's true what Ser Rodrik said: "Gods help you Theon Greyjoy. Now you are truly lost."You could see on his face, Theon was in over his head. It didn't go as planned. He regretted all of it. Wished he could rewind a month and be back in Robb's camp. Even while he was hacking off poor Ser Rodrik's head, I felt sorry for him.The scene was breathtaking, and Alfie played his part amazingly well. He deserves the Emmy nom over Peter.Oh and, once again, I noticed the music. During that intense scene, I stopped for just a moment and took in the music. Bravo Ramin!
					
					
							Edited by akajea, 08 May 2012 - 06:10 AM.
2505	Mad Queen	2012-05-08	You could see on his face, Theon was in over his head. It didn't go as planned. He regretted all of it. Wished he could rewind a month and be back in Robb's camp. Even while he was hacking off poor Ser Rodrik's head, I felt sorry for him.I'm not sure he regrets it at this point. In the future, for sure (according to the books at least). But at this point, while I'm sure he didn't want to kill Ser Rodrik, he seemed fine with Osha later, cocky as ever.
2506	Queen Regent	2012-05-08	Actually that whole scene was amazing. Not just Theon was great but also Roderick and Bran. I think Isaac Hempstead Wright did a really good job at completely freaking out. Sometimes when people go hysterical it can be over the top, but he did it perfectly.I agree, he Bran was perfect.  And Theon having to hack the head off a few times then kick it, that was awful!!!
2507	Envie	2012-05-08	I'm also in the camp that pities Theon more than hates him. Yes he made some terrible and really stupid choices, but as they've tried to portray him in the show, he's pathetic because he has been torn between two worlds most of his life, never fitting in either place now that he's an adult and forced to choose one (that didn't even want him) over the other that had treated him well but still was never his family.Honestly Theon's story is more what Jon Snow's story could have been if Ned Stark hadn't been loving and allowed the boy to be treated with the same respect as all the Stark children by everyone else except Catelyn of course.There is no greater human social torture than being an outcast. Truly, its one of the most defining traits of all creatures who have feelings and need for love. Animals that are driven off from their families or rejected by their social groups usually become psychotic and die or grow violent and unpredictable if they continue to survive. Martin played up this theme well in the book, but only a great actor can bring it to life and really make you feel for the character despite his horrible actions. That's what Alfie is doing with perfection.I think people hating Theon are misplacing their feelings.
2508	Independent George	2012-05-08	He played part in murdering/raping two parents and flaying theiir little boys. No amount of torture can make up for that.Yeah, this is the thing that people seem to keep forgetting with regard to Theon. He didn't just capture Winterfell; he also murdered the miller's children so that people "wouldn't laugh at him". Hurray, he didn't actually kill Bran and Rickon; he just slaughtered an entire family instead. I agree that he's by far the most compelling character in S2, though, and Alfie Allen has been phenomenal.
2509	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-08	Aye, full credit to Alfie Allen for his portrayal of Theon
2510	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-08	He deserves the Emmy nom over Peter.no.
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 08 May 2012 - 02:48 PM.
2511	turdle	2012-05-08	just rewatched the opening scene again... the best scene in the series in my opinion. admittedly, i'm a big theon fan, but that last shot, after he's cut rodriks head off, and he's out of breathe, blood spatter on his face, looking around for some sort of reassurance... truly tragic.I think people hating Theon are misplacing their feelings.totally agree. i think they're being too stark-centric.
2512	Ser Giant	2012-05-08	Too smallfolk-centric you mean and we like females enough to be irritated by the character's mistreatment of them.
His taking of Winterfell was a huge idiotic blunder on his part. Theon only allowed someone else to destroy Winterfell by being a stupid young person with a hot head. That's really all he is before he becomes Ramsay's Reek.
2513	Mad Queen	2012-05-08	I for one think he committed horrible crimes,  but I still pity him and I don't hate him -- I just don't -- and I love his story arc. I agree that he should have been justly punished for what he did (ie not tortured by a psycho).
2514	turdle	2012-05-08	Too smallfolk-centric you mean and we like females enough to be irritated by the character's mistreatment of them.His taking of Winterfell was a huge idiotic blunder on his part. Theon only allowed someone else to destroy Winterfell by being a stupid young person with a hot head. That's really all he is before he becomes Ramsay's Reek.theon is a boy. a stupid, naive, unloved boy.  he's definitely a prick, but i think you go to far to say he mistreats women. he's a prick to everyone, equal opportunity.  all he wants is to be appreciated, but he doesn't know how to get that, so he makes a series of terrible decisions, and pays dearly for them.the one truly horrible thing he does is kill two children. and i'm certainly not condoning that, but even that is done not because he wants to, or gets joy out of it, but because he feels cornered (yes by his own stupid decision).theon is a knucklehead, not a monster.
2515	House Snow	2012-05-08	One think I really loved about Theon's arc in the show is that they did a good job especially in season one of showing that the Starks weren't all that friendly to Theon, which I don't really recall in the book.  Yes Theon was a douche but you could really appreciate some of the reasons he might have to turn on them.  Starks aren't the saints some people think.
2516	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-08	Alfie has come very far indeed.
So glad this show has given him a platform, we will being seeing a lot more of him on the future, not just on GoT.
2517	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-09	we only pity him because WE know what Ramsay does to him.. at the time of the winterfell incident i couldn't stand him but now i hope he finds his way
2518	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	One think I really loved about Theon's arc in the show is that they did a good job especially in season one of showing that the Starks weren't all that friendly to Theon, which I don't really recall in the book.  Yes Theon was a douche but you could really appreciate some of the reasons he might have to turn on them.  Starks aren't the saints some people think.Ned treated Theon as the non-Stark he is, and rightly so. He was always a guest at Starks, and probably got the same treatment as Jon Snow. There are levels of trust in each family, and Theon was kept out of some privileges as he should have been. There is no defending him.
2519	shadow of death	2012-05-09	Theon is a tragedy.  It is mostly because of the stupidity of his own father.  Balon thought he could rebel against everyone with no other allies and do what? Take over the 7 kingdoms.  That is being an idiot.  It is his fault his 2 sons were killed and Theon was taken from him.  What did he think was going to happen.  Theon has no family now.  The starks and the greyjoys both don't trust him.  He chose the Greyjoys so now he has to do things like the ironborn do which is to rule with a heavy hard hand.  Unfortunately for him he can't do it.
2520	FantA´me	2012-05-09	Ned treated Theon as the non-Stark he is, and rightly so. He was always a guest at Starks, and probably got the same treatment as Jon Snow. There are levels of trust in each family, and Theon was kept out of some privileges as he should have been. There is no defending him.  About that ,the most annoying  Theon scene in the first season imo was Robb contemptuously reminding Theon he's not a Stark . That was totally made up in order to justify his future crimes;,the only time we see Robb getting mad at Theon in the book is after the wildlings attacked Bran, and though I understand why they would want to make him more sympathetic,  I think the character is way more interesting when he's left with his whole share of responsibility.I for one think he committed horrible crimes,  but I still pity him and I don't hate him -- I just don't -- and I love his story arc. I agree that he should have been justly punished for what he did (ie not tortured by a psycho). That exactly! Though the pity came after Dance of course. But even before I always found him more contemptible and pathetic than detestable.
2521	turdle	2012-05-09	we only pity him because WE know what Ramsay does to him.. at the time of the winterfell incident i couldn't stand him but now i hope he finds his wayi've always pitied him. i only recently (with in the last month) have gotten into adwd, so i did not know theons fate.  i pity the fool.
2522	turdle	2012-05-09	About that ,the most annoying  Theon scene in the first season imo was Robb contemptuously reminding Theon he's not a Stark . That was totally made up in order to justify his future crimes;,the only time we see Robb getting mad at Theon in the book is after the wildlings attacked Bran, and though I understand why they would want to make him more sympathetic,  I think the character is way more interesting when he's left with his whole share of responsibility.i agree. i thought they went overboard with theon being constantly reminded he did not belong with the rest of them in the first season. it's one of my biggest complaints about the first season over all.Ned treated Theon as the non-Stark he is, and rightly so. He was always a guest at Starks, and probably got the same treatment as Jon Snow. There are levels of trust in each family, and Theon was kept out of some privileges as he should have been. There is no defending him.defending theon for what? this is what i mean by being too stark centric, these books are full of castles being taken over, yet theon taking winterfell is some unforgivable crime. book theon took winterfell bloodlessly. which of these is worse, theon trying to take winterfell from the starks (who are not his family), or renly trying to take the 7 kingdoms from his brother?
2523	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	defending theon for what? this is what i mean by being too stark centric, these books are full of castles being taken over, yet theon taking winterfell is some unforgivable crime. book theon took winterfell bloodlessly. which of these is worse, theon trying to take winterfell from the starks (who are not his family), or renly trying to take the 7 kingdoms from his brother?Agreed. I was just saying that being mistreated by Starks wasn't the reason for his attack. He is just trying to find his identity, now that he's of age. That's the beauty of GRRM's work, it shows the trials teenagers go through making choices in their newly discovered adulthood. Robb errs by marrying for love, Dany errs by falling prey to Maegi's words. Theon errs by rising against his caretakers/foster parents.
2524	redqueen	2012-05-10	I think Theon is tragic character.  He isn't a Stark or Greyjoy.  He hasn't been raised by the Ironbloods so he doesn't know their ways.  His father and sister don't respect since he acts like a Stark.  He betrays a family that raised him and treated him as a guest in their homes to try to earn the respect of a family that will never respect him. 
You can see it is a hard decision for him to kill the man that trained him to use a sword.  He has to kill a man that he respects for the respect of people that he doesn't know or respect. It makes him pitiful.
I loved the scene where he wake Bran.  Bran thinks of Theon as his brother.  He doesn't react to him at first because he doesn't see him as a threat. Bran being a child does what he is told although he doesn't understand until Roderick is threatened. 
I wonder how much of Theon's story will be shown this season.  I doubt that Ramsey will pretend to be Reek in the television edition. I visualize him coming up there, killing everyone outside Theon, burning the castle and carrying Theon away.  That works to get all the characters were they need to be for the next season.
2525	Lord Yarwyck	2012-05-10	Yeah, this is the thing that people seem to keep forgetting with regard to Theon. He didn't just capture Winterfell; he also murdered the miller's children so that people "wouldn't laugh at him". Hurray, he didn't actually kill Bran and Rickon; he just slaughtered an entire family instead.I agree that he's by far the most compelling character in S2, though, and Alfie Allen has been phenomenal.That does not put him beyond pity.  Months of brutal torture are not justice.  Justice would have been Theon's imprisonment for life or (in Westeros) execution.  What Theon did is unforgivable, but he did not deserve what he suffered at Ramsay's hands, as almost any modern justiciary would agree.
2526	Ser Giant	2012-05-10	Doesnt matter what a modern anybody would think about anything in this story. Westeros seems to be fairly "eye for an eye" when dealing out justice.
Theon should have been flayed until he was dead, unless they killed those boys before they flayed them. Then I'd be happy with an old-school Eddard head lopping(I actually hope Jon is still alive and this is how it goes down, Janos Slynt style).
And I do agree that Theon is just a dumb, hot-headed child. That's what I was trying to get across. Even so, in Westeros, he's plenty old enough to know better and take full responsibility for his actions.
2527	teemo	2012-05-10	Unfortunately, I think it's going to be a lot less powerful than in the books, since Theon wasn't solely responsible for the sacking of Winterfell.  For whatever reason, D&D wanted to make Dagmer a big accomplice and instigator ("make him pay the iron price!") to take the heat off Theon.  That's what I don't like.  With the amount of torture he goes through as Reek, he can be empathized with regardless of what terrible things he did in the past, even if the entire sacking of Winterfell was 100% his idea.  That was one of my favorite moral dilemmas of the book.  Do I still hate Theon, the guy that overtook Winterfell all on his own, even though now he's being tortured beyond recognition, or do I empathize with him some, regardless of his past crimes?  Modifying that in the show is a little sad.However, adding in Bran watching Theon hack off Rodrik's head was pretty brutal and made up for some of the heat taken off of him, even though he was being encouraged by Dagmer (doubt that matters to Bran).  That was a high point of the plot.  That and him burning the letter.  Great scene.
2528	turdle	2012-05-10	Doesnt matter what a modern anybody would think about anything in this story. Westeros seems to be fairly "eye for an eye" when dealing out justice.Theon should have been flayed until he was dead, unless they killed those boys before they flayed them. Then I'd be happy with an old-school Eddard head lopping(I actually hope Jon is still alive and this is how it goes down, Janos Slynt style).And I do agree that Theon is just a dumb, hot-headed child. That's what I was trying to get across. Even so, in Westeros, he's plenty old enough to know better and take full responsibility for his actions.actually the only thing that matters is what a modern anybody thinks about this.the children were flayed postmortem to disguise who they were. nobody deserves to be flayed.of course theon is responsible for his actions and decisions. but he is not JUST a dumb, hot-headed child, you oversimplify to make it easier for yourself to hate him. he's easily the most interesting character in acok, and in season 2 of got.
2529	Ser Giant	2012-05-10	Yeah, please continue to explain how I justify my opinions to myself. I seriously hope you're some kind of shrink the way you do that constantly. It's seriously annoying and very condescending.
Anyways, the point of this post was to say how much I liked the addition of the note burning scene. The show continues to add great stuff.
2530	turdle	2012-05-10	Unfortunately, I think it's going to be a lot less powerful than in the books, since Theon wasn't solely responsible for the sacking of Winterfell.  For whatever reason, D&D wanted to make Dagmer a big accomplice and instigator ("make him pay the iron price!") to take the heat off Theon.  That's what I don't like.  With the amount of torture he goes through as Reek, he can be empathized with regardless of what terrible things he did in the past, even if the entire sacking of Winterfell was 100% his idea.  That was one of my favorite moral dilemmas of the book.  Do I still hate Theon, the guy that overtook Winterfell all on his own, even though now he's being tortured beyond recognition, or do I empathize with him some, regardless of his past crimes?  Modifying that in the show is a little sad.on my first viewing i also thought that the idea seemed to be dagmers, but on a rewatch of the scene, dagmer never suggests anything specific, and only really seems to be giving theon the harsh truth about the fact that his men aren't going to respect him. theons the one who mentions toren square, and theon has his wheels turning during the discussion and realizes himself that winterfell can be taken. i think it seems like dagmer is leading him if you know where theon is going to end up, but i think dagmer is actually rather indifferent about the whole thing.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 10 May 2012 - 07:34 PM.
2531	turdle	2012-05-10	Yeah, please continue to explain how I justify my opinions to myself. I seriously hope you're some kind of shrink the way you do that constantly. It's seriously annoying and very condescending."we like females enough to be irritated by the character's mistreatment of them"constantly, huh? ok, so that qoute wasn't condescending then? because it seemed to me like you were implying that because i can appreciate theon as a character, that i don't care about women being mistreated.
2532	Ser Giant	2012-05-11	Yeah, it was a cheap shot to get people to think about their stance on the character, but it was not directed at any specific user of this forum. I apologize if anyone was offended. Rereading that makes me sound awful. buuuuttttt.....
You're obviously obsessed with this one, single character because Arya had a much more realized plot in aCoK(moreso than any other character, imo). Theon did something dumb and got destroyed for it, that's it(via the book, at least). I am very glad the showrunners decided to expand the Theon character in season 2. It makes his arc almost as noteworthy as Tyrion's and Stannis'.
2533	turdle	2012-05-11	Yeah, it was a cheap shot to get people to think about their stance on the character, but it was not directed at any specific user of this forum. I apologize if anyone was offended. Rereading that makes me sound awful. buuuuttttt.....You're obviously obsessed with this one, single character because Arya had a much more realized plot in aCoK(moreso than any other character, imo). Theon did something dumb and got destroyed for it, that's it(via the book, at least). I am very glad the showrunners decided to expand the Theon character in season 2. It makes his arc almost as noteworthy as Tyrion's and Stannis'.arya's plot was fine, but she does not even reach into my top 5 characters in acok, but to each his own.
2534	Wolfpit	2012-05-11	I have a mix of emotions for Theon a part of me hate him for betraying people that think of him like family and the other part of me just feel bad for him cause hes trying to show to his father and people that he can be someone and hes desperate for a little respect!!! That character is just amazing!!!!
2535	Lors' Edrick	2012-05-08	Now that the great mystery of Ramsey 'Snow' has been confirmed, my next character wondering is if the Noble House of the Tully's are going to make an entrance; i.e. Brynden and Edmure?
With the forces of the Northmen squarely on the move, are they in the Riverlands or marching into the Westerlands, where they should be? If they are, then we have already been given the idea that they have broken the siege of Riverrun (captured Jamie), and should now have the entireity of the Riverlands (Tully forces with them). So where is Edmure and especially Bryden "Blackfish"?
In addition, where is the Greatjon, i dont think he has made any appearance this season?
2536	TheWhiteBull89	2012-05-10	I think Edmure has to be introduced at some point because its 
	Spoiler his wedding that gets Robb and half the Northern Lords/heirs killed or captured along with thousands of northern men
 .... although he should have been introduced at the very end of season 1 .... the Blackfish I don't see being introduced unfortunately, he should have been with Catelyn from the point she entered the Vale with Tyrion. The Blackfish warned her about the change with Lysa, journeyed with her all the way north to meet up with Robb's forces, and was Robb's main strategist for the Whispering Wood and Riverrun. If he hasn't been introduced yet, why now?
2537	protar	2012-05-10	I think Edmure has to be introduced at some point because its 
	Spoiler his wedding that gets Robb and half the Northern Lords/heirs killed or captured along with thousands of northern men
 .... although he should have been introduced at the very end of season 1 .... the Blackfish I don't see being introduced unfortunately, he should have been with Catelyn from the point she entered the Vale with Tyrion. The Blackfish warned her about the change with Lysa, journeyed with her all the way north to meet up with Robb's forces, and was Robb's main strategist for the Whispering Wood and Riverrun. If he hasn't been introduced yet, why now? I'm hoping we'll get both. We of course need Edmure for the RW, and the BF is just too awesome. And awesome characters get better ratings, so it'd be a good move to put him in. The only reason his introduction has been delayed is that he doesn't really do much other than council Robb/Cat until a bit later on.
2538	Monty501	2012-05-10	I think that awesomeness aside, The Blackfish has an important role too play in the series still. I'm expecting something to happen involving him, Stoneheart, Deric Dondarrion's men and possible Jeyne Westerling (if the theories about her escape are true). If he is part of this important storyline still to come he will need to be introduced at some point. However I don't see this needing to be done until the siege of Riverrun in what will be season four (possibly five if the producers decide to not do the split storylines). Edmure however we might not meet for the rest of the season but we will certainly meet by the start of season 3.
2539	StarkWard	2012-05-10	I highly doubt Edmure and the Blackfish will be seen this season. There is word that they're casting for him now.
2540	Pellaeon	2012-05-10	We don't need edmure for the RW, they just can use another northern lord maybe bolton and fat walda. Pedge the riverlands fealty to robb in the series?
2541	Myrddin	2012-05-10	We don't need edmure for the RW, they just can use another northern lord maybe bolton and fat walda. Pedge the riverlands fealty to robb in the series?Exactly.While I'd love to see Blackfish wiggle his way into the show, Edmure and the rest of the Tully's have no lasting role to play. That wedding can be any one of Robb's "high ranking" bannermen. Even someone introduced on the spot.
2542	teemo	2012-05-10	Blackfish is cut, Edmure is in.  Look at the HBO family tree:http://viewers-guide.hbo.com/game-of-thrones/season1/#!/guide/houses/tully/
If the Blackfish wasn't cut, he should be up there with Edmure, considering he hasn't been introduced yet either.
2543	Pellaeon	2012-05-10	Blackfish is cut, Edmure is in.  Look at the HBO family tree:http://viewers-guide...e/houses/tully/If the Blackfish wasn't cut, he should be up there with Edmure, considering he hasn't been introduced yet either.Shireen isn't cut but isn't on the family tree either, so we don't know for sure, but I believe the Tullys are out
2544	teemo	2012-05-10	I doubt Edmure is out, otherwise why would he be there and not the Blackfish?  And we don't know if Shireen is cut or not.
2545	MaJose	2012-05-10	I really hope the Tullys aren't completely cut out. I wish they were already in or that the show had at least mention that Riverrun was with Robb, after all he's King in the north AND the riverlands. I always appreciated that the Tullys and the riverlords were wiht Robb almost from the start and the union and loyalty between the Tullys and the Starks was never questioned. They swore fealty to Robb and named him their king even if they didn't "had to" (like Lysa who was also tied to them by blood and yet did nothing). I also thought it was really touching that Riverrrun flew the Stark banner higher than the Tully even after the Red Wedding. 
I get that they don't want to introduce too many characters and that's why they'll wait (if they aren't cut) until the third season to include the Tullys or just Edmure. But I'd love if Riverrrun was at least mention or if some Tully Banners were included among the Stark ones on Robb's camp (if there are I haven't seen them).
2546	StarkBlack21	2012-05-10	Edmure Tully will be in the show next season. Maybe the Blackfish. Also the Reeds are NOT cut. A fan spoke to GRMM at signing, he said the Reeds are delayed. I expect to see the Reeds next season.
2547	Pellaeon	2012-05-10	I doubt Edmure is out, otherwise why would he be there and not the Blackfish?  And we don't know if Shireen is cut or not.They cast her for next season
2548	Maester Murks	2012-05-10	Edmure Tully will be in the show next season. Maybe the Blackfish. Also the Reeds are NOT cut. A fan spoke to GRMM at signing, he said the Reeds are delayed. I expect to see the Reeds next season.And who is this "fan"? A friend of a friend? Any reliable source to that statement?
2549	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-10	And who is this "fan"? A friend of a friend? Any reliable source to that statement?it is known. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2550	pntrlqst	2012-05-10	It's imperative they cast them because Catelyn will need much to do early next season if the audience is to be further invested in her and her eventual fate. I hope she immediately flees to Riverrun following her release of Jamie so she isn't around to see Robb make the biggest mistake of his life.
Catelyn with her father will be a good, emotional scene. Edmure is imperative. Even with the changes they've made, these guys aren't stupid enough to eff around with the best story line in the series.
					
					
							Edited by vntrlqst, 10 May 2012 - 08:13 PM.
2551	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-10	I reckon Robb will retreat to Riverrun next season. With his mother. Cue Cat nursing her dying father, a long scene with Edmure and Robb discussing plans, Robb commanding him to marry a Frey to appease Walder. Easy.
Give James Purefoy the role. Please. He needs to be in the show somewhere.
2552	Pellaeon	2012-05-11	Give James Purefoy the role. Please. He needs to be in the show somewhere.Yes but in a role he fits in, like the red viper
2553	Laohu	2012-05-07	This little phrase delivered by Daenerys to the Spice King piqued my curiosity enough to make a thread for its discussion, and i hope some of you are interested enough to join. I have a few questions regarding it, foremost of which is whether it coincides with book canon. If memory serves, it does not. Regardless, I want to hear (read) your thoughts on the matter.
Assuming this is a change from the books, what butterfly effect can we expect from it? Are we going to see Dany dream in the future? Will this have some effect on her visit to the HotU? Does she not drink some dream-inducing concoction before she stepped foot inside? Maybe this line in episode 6 was created to lay some groundwork for a dip into uncharted territory for the series - dreams and prophecy.
... Then again, perhaps I am making a huge deal out of a comment that was only meant to be part of a passionate plea for trust and support.
2554	FloredaA	2012-05-10	I don't think she meant it literally as in what she dreams when sleeping. In the books or the show, she's never mentioned or shown as having seer dreams (like Bran for example)
But she does have some almost-mystical or genious inspirations, like how to make the dragon eggs hatch. In the show it's shown as those trance-like moments, like when she looks at the eggs and puts one on live coals, or when Viserys gets his crown.
I think we can understand "my dreams" as in "my visions". And yes, it's probably groundwork for her visions in the HotU.
It's been noted before that the show writers often need to bring close together, in two or three episodes, themes or clues that are scattered through several books. A lot of the "non-book" scenes are actually invented for that purpose, like probably that otherwise pointless discussion between the Spice King and Daenerys.
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA, 10 May 2012 - 02:41 AM.
2555	Envie	2012-05-10	I also wondered if they had added this emphasis on "dreams coming true" to lay some groundwork for the prophecies and visions Dany will have in the House of the Undying. Now that they've changed it up to have the dragons kidnapped and taken there, we can be pretty sure there's going to be a big dramatic conclusion there and her passionate speech about dreams coming true (especially emphasis on fire and blood again) is surely a setup.
2556	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-10	I think most of the prophecies and visions in the HOTUD are going to be cut. They may mention the AA prophecy but most of it wouldn't work in a TV series. For example Rhaegar dying and saying a womens name, we can't hear the words Lyanna as GRRM went out of his way to make sure we didn't read the name Lyanna. The RW forshadowing as well I think will be too blatent, its one thing reading a list of prophecies but seeing a table of dead men at a feast with a wolf headed king would forshadow too much I think. Also the back story with the Red door Dany hasn't mentioned (as we can't get in her head) so that would be out of place. The mummurs dragon bit is a bit too insignificant at this point, it'll only be relevant in series 5/6 and I've never seen any TV series forshadow that far ahead. Same goes for the Victarion forshadowing.
They need to mention TPTWP and three heads has the dragon, they might show Westeros being raped but aside from that I can't really remember anything they would have to show.
2557	Sidonie	2012-05-10	This little phrase delivered by Daenerys to the Spice King piqued my curiosity enough to make a thread for its discussion, and i hope some of you are interested enough to join. I have a few questions regarding it, foremost of which is whether it coincides with book canon. If memory serves, it does not. Regardless, I want to hear (read) your thoughts on the matter.In the ASOIAF books, it's not written.However, in GRRM's Dunk and Egg series, which is set in Westeros. but about 80 years prior to GoT, it's explained that some Targaryens do in fact have prophetic dreams. We even meet one of them. Actually, we meet quite a few other Targaryens in the Dunk and Egg books.
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 10 May 2012 - 02:52 PM.
2558	turdle	2012-05-10	the problem i have, is that she says she dreamed about taking the eggs into a great fire, but i don't recall this dream ever being talked about and seems to come out of nowhere for the sake of this discussion.
2559	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-10	I think it was intended as more of a threat than Dany declaring herself a prophet. To say, "My dreams come TRUE!" is almost like saying, "I get what I want." And, if what she wants is to conquer Westeros and make Qarth pay for turning her away, it's as if she's saying the Spice King will pay for patronizing her. But, it is a statement with double-meaning. I don't believe Dany thinks herself a prophet, but leading everyone else to believe she is based on her experience with the dragons doesn't hurt her.
2560	KC_Accidental	2012-05-10	Hi there. First poster but have been browsing the forum a while. Please forgive me if this has already been discussed. 
The absence of the Tully's (mainly Edmure and the Blackfish) is something I can easily understand for the show. But something I didn't think about at first but seems to obvious now is that if the Tully's do not feature at all then how will a certain event next series take place. I think you all know which one so I shouldn't need to say it. 
If it wasn't for that one key event I would think the Tully's expendable as characters because apart from that they are not really important to the overall plot. They fill minor roles and are somewhat interesting but overall not that important. I do hope though that they make an appearance next season along with other characters cut from this season that we expect like Ramsey, Jojen and Meera. 
However if the shows cuts them out completely then how will RW take place? Marry off on of Robb's underlings? Surely whoever it would be would have to have some blood connection to Robb, which leaves only Cat and I'd hate to see them go down that road. Personally I expect to see them introduced next season so I'm not giving it too much thought.
2561	musiclover7	2012-05-07	Did Daenarys's dragons get stolen in the Book?  Correct me if I am wrong, but I do not recall that ever happening in the book...  I think it is another thing they chose to embelish.  If so, oh well.
2562	turdle	2012-05-07	not from the books. we'll see how it plays out. i wouldn't mind the changes so much if i was watching on my own, but it makes it really hard to clarify questions my friends have when they keep changing things, and i don't want to, for instance, imply that this sequence is not from the book, and therefore, just a diversion from the overall story.
2563	teemo	2012-05-07	Nope, made up....Pyat Pree probably stole them and that's why she goes to the House of the Undying.  That's my guess.
2564	Envie	2012-05-07	I think they added this embellishment to spice up Dany's story a bit, which we all agree got a little stale in CoK and doesn't really translate as well onto film. Sure, she could have just been invited to the House of the Undying without any drama involved, but that means most all of her scenes for this season fall short of any sort of excitement which keeps viewers guessing and curious for the next chapter.
2565	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-07	Makes for an interesting change, and much more interesting TV.
2566	Lany Cassandra	2012-05-07	Makes for an interesting change, and much more interesting TV.Agreed.  I skipped most the Dany chapters in ACoK on the rereads because they were so boring...nothing happens until she goes to the House of the Undying.  This keeps her on screen and adds some more drama (and a reason to go to THOTU)
2567	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-07	No, it gives her something to do and a reason to go to the temple
2568	Morrigan	2012-05-07	No, it gives her something to do and a reason to go to the templeShe already had a reason to go...
2569	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-07	Plus it seems way more likely than nobody trying to steal the Dragons whilst they were harmless and tiny and Dany was basically an equally harmless beggar in somebody else's city. If anything that's a plot hole in the books
2570	tfoxx22	2012-05-07	I think it will add a good bit of drama to dany's story and it makes everyone wonder what exactly is going to happen.
I mean she obviously is going to get her dragons back, but it'll be interesting to see how it all plays out.
2571	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-05-07	meh....she was so dull and boring in the books anyways....
2572	Sxxman	2012-05-07	No, it was either an excuse for her to go to the House of Undying and make a storyline/character that wasn't interesting in acok more interesting for the TV viewers.  She is going to get the dragons back though...
2573	wolverine	2012-05-07	I was surprised that there were not more/better theft attempts in the book.  Dany seemed fairly weak and vulnerable at times and her dragons are awfully valuable.
2574	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-08	This does make interesting TV. I read ACOK and do agree that Dany's chapters were on the dull side until the house of the Undying. This makes her s/l this season more interesting and gives book fans something we didn't see coming. I like that though personally.
2575	TheHedgeWizard	2012-05-08	Well it happens in a sense. Her dragons are not stolen like they were in the show but didn't the undying try and take Drogon from her in the book?
2576	Ser Buggerthat	2012-05-08	I was surprised that there were not more/better theft attempts in the book.  Dany seemed fairly weak and vulnerable at times and her dragons are awfully valuable.yes, i was thinking the same:  without the dragons (before acquiring the Unsullied)  Dany is nothing more just a little girl.
2577	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	Plus it seems way more likely than nobody trying to steal the Dragons whilst they were harmless and tiny and Dany was basically an equally harmless beggar in somebody else's city. If anything that's a plot hole in the booksAbsolutely - but it was a consistent plot hole in the books.  We didn't have one person - or group - all of a sudden come up with the idea.  I have no problem with the change overall, just from the standpoint that no one did it before, say Jhogo's khalasar after they took off Rakharo's head?
2578	My Little Kraken	2012-05-08	Does it get her away from Xaro?  I'm sorry, but he is boring me to absolute tears.  Did you know he is the richest man in Qarth?
2579	khaleesiStormborn	2012-05-08	Nope, made up....Pyat Pree probably stole them and that's why she goes to the House of the Undying.  That's my guess.That is exactly what i think as well!!!
2580	Fengari	2012-05-08	I was totally in shock after seeing this episode: after the scene with Arya (where is that incredibly smart girl I loved?), a totally new storyline.
Just before watching I had a talk with my husband about TV/movie adaptations and about how it is sometimes necessary to cut pieces of the story to make it feasible. After defending D&D for cutting some parts of the story, how could they have invented a totally new storyline, in fact replacing the ones they cut and making my arguments of 'there's just no time for it' sound silly?
I've calmed down a bit now, and I understand that choice a little more. Dany has become one of the most loved characters during the first season. Her storyline in CoK however, isn't that eventful. So the choices they had were: show less of her, show boring scenes, or invent something exciting for her. Showing less of her would mean a lot of people would think the show showed too little of her, showing boring scenes just isn't a very good option for a show depending on ratings, so they went with the third option. I think I personally would have preferred the first one and a little more time for Arya or Bran, but I understand the choice.
I guess it all comes down to this: if we bookreaders want to enjoy this series fully, I think we will have to 'break it loose' from the books. Accept that things may be different, and judge the series on its own merits: the acting, the photography, the storylines of the series: do they work? Yes they do.
So I've decided that, as long as the characters move in the same general direction as they do in the books, I'm not going to fret about a few shortcuts or deviations. Let's say it makes the series more exciting knowing you don't know everything already.
					
					
							Edited by Fengari, 08 May 2012 - 07:25 AM.
2581	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	Does it get her away from Xaro?  I'm sorry, but he is boring me to absolute tears.  Did you know he is the richest man in Qarth?No, where did you hear that?  That might be the replacement for "It is known".
2582	Lightning Lord	2012-05-08	Wait, what?  Xaro's the richest man in Qarth?  What, were his parents super rich before him?
2583	akajea	2012-05-08	It's a minor change. She'll go to the House of the Undying, see strange things, get her dragons back, and burn the place down. Same as the book basically. And it doesn't make any sense that no one stole her dragons in the book.
2584	My Little Kraken	2012-05-08	Wait, what?  Xaro's the richest man in Qarth?  What, were his parents super rich before him?I don't think so.  The way I heard it was that he started out living in a van down by the river.
2585	WhiteWalder	2012-05-08	Does it get her away from Xaro?  I'm sorry, but he is boring me to absolute tears.  Did you know he is the richest man in Qarth?LMFAO about this post.  Xaro was rather annoying and I was aggitated at about the 3rd time he mentioned he was the richest man in Qarth.
2586	Perin Stone	2012-05-08	Did this happen in the book?At this point it is a safe rule that if you have to ask that question then it didn't happen in the books.
2587	Rob Snow	2012-05-08	LMFAO about this post.  Xaro was rather annoying and I was aggitated at about the 3rd time he mentioned he was the richest man in Qarth.Agreed.The whole Qarth experience is a terribly boring yet necessary.......wait..... is it really necessary?  Besides the House of the Undying why was it necessary for the Khalassar to go there in the TV series.
2588	Mr. E	2012-05-08	Agreed.The whole Qarth experience is a terribly boring yet necessary.......wait..... is it really necessary?  Besides the House of the Undying why was it necessary for the Khalassar to go there in the TV series.Because it happened in the books; which is ironic when you consider how many people are griping that the show has "deviated so far from the books it's not even ASOIAF anymore!!!!!one!".
2589	Queen Regent	2012-05-08	I don't remember it from the books, but looks interesting.  Sad to see her handmaiden killed.  That was sad.
2590	Greywolf2375	2012-05-08	Agreed.The whole Qarth experience is a terribly boring yet necessary.......wait..... is it really necessary?  Besides the House of the Undying why was it necessary for the Khalassar to go there in the TV series.Can't that be asked of a lot of things?  Basically you're saying "aside from the plot development that happens there, why go there?"Because it happened in the books; which is ironic when you consider how many people are griping that the show has "deviated so far from the books it's not even ASOIAF anymore!!!!!one!".Not sure how less than half a dozen saying that makes it ironic, because that is all I have seen saying anything like that.
2591	Blisscraft	2012-05-08	Qarth is where Dany meets Arstan Whitebeard.  It's where Illyrio sends her ships, in addition to the HOTU stuff.
I can live with so many of the changes to speed the story along but, I'm having a hard time with dragon napping.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2592	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-05-08	I don't have an issue w/these changes, but am really wondering how they'll get her back on track. I mean she'll go to the THOTU next, but w/her small khalasar she's in even more dire straits than in the book, not that thry were doing much for her though.
2593	Lord Kyle	2012-05-08	It didn't happen in the books and I was not a fan of it when I saw it. I believe there are other things they could've written for Dany to do besides throw in unnecessary action.
For instance, more scenes like the one with the Spice King/Lord/Guy. Most people probably think Dany will just ride to Westeros on one of her Dragons, burn everyone and "win" which is so not what the series is like or about. There should be scenes with her discussing what her plans are, how is she going to get to Westeros, where will she find an army, what House will rally to her side and which ones will not when she gets there, how long before her dragons are battle ready. The sort of Political machinations that the books are famous for and the show is not (as of late.)
Instead we get stupid parties, the horribly annoying Xaro (was he this annoying in the book? I don't think so . . .), and now Pree (who else would it be?) stealing her dragons.
2594	Hyper	2012-05-08	At this point it is a safe rule that if you have to ask that question then it didn't happen in the books.Not quite... If I had a penny for every time someone stated incorrectly that something is in the book, I'd have quite the penny collection. People don't know the books half as well as they think.
2595	hesitantreader	2012-05-08	I always thought that no one took the dragons in the book, because they still needed her to raise them.   It always seemed to me that they were waiting to make their play later.
2596	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	In the books the dragons were guarded by XXDs household staff, Drogo's bloodriders and Jorah.
In the TV series such precautions were well, useless.
I prefer GRRMs approach
Funniest part is that the thief took them from one cage and put them in the exact same type of cage-gee that was useful.
2597	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	Plus I got to figure that even those little dragons would burn their way through a few thieves.
2598	A Menina Cebola	2012-05-08	I was sure that one of the handmaidens died out in the big red desert place way before Qarth in the book. I was very surprised to see how long they all lasted. At least now the numbers are all balanced up. Although I'm sure at one point in the show, Dany had three handmaidens and one just sort of disappeared into thin air. Just like she had three in the books and one died on the way to Qarth. 
I was sure Rodrick Cassel died later in the book as well. It's been so long since I read ACOK that now I'm not sure which bits are made up and which bits I've just forgotten about.
2599	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-08	The whole sojourn in Qarth was unnecessary in ACoK. I wish Dany would have gone straight to Astapor at this point. The House of the Undying scene is important but this could have taken place in Astapor or even Meereen. 
Kudos to the show for taking this stinker of a storyline and injecting some much needed excitement to it. GRRM, while a brilliant writer, is not without faults. The Qarth storyline being one of them.
2600	jblair	2012-05-08	Lol so many threads contain the "Um why the hell doesn't anyone in Quarth steal her dragons" question. I'n glad the show changed this, it always bugged me too.
2601	boojam	2012-05-08	I always thought that no one took the dragons in the book, because they still needed her to raise them.   It always seemed to me that they were waiting to make their play later.George never really brings it up , does he? But I too got the impression that people wanted to see small dragons, but only wanted to own them when they got bigger.Still I too got the impression that they were guarded well enough. D&D sure thought about it and how to Jazz up some rather lackluster Qarth scenario.
2602	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-09	It's a smart choice. Season 1 ended on a lot of hurrahs for Dany, just like the book. But the dragons are a promising 'start' that never really deliver untill the unsullied. In other words, a faithful S2 would have given us a huge unfulfilled promise. D&D did a good job of hiding this problem. Now, every season has some highlight/obstacle for Dany to overcome (birth, theft, unsullied). After S3 we'll have to wait and see what happens.
2603	WolveseatDragons	2012-05-07	So there is one glaring gap that seems to have been overlooked with Sir Rodrick.  He left Winterfell with 200 men in the show (600 in the books) and the whole reason that Theon is able to take Winterfell is he gets around them.  Then suddenly he just ends up captured by himself?  WTF?  What about the 200 men he had with him that would have easily overwhelmed the handful that Theon had?  Then it is also mentioned in the message to Robb that Rodrick was killed but how could that have been known since Luwin sent the Raven before it happened?
Very clumsy writing.
2604	Crown	2012-05-07	Luwin was ordered to send more ravens after Rodrik's death.
2605	SerMixalot	2012-05-07	to tell the world he killed Ser Rodrik?  WHY
2606	Arkash	2012-05-07	Luwin didnt tell Theon what he put in those messages...
2607	Don't_call_me_Ser	2012-05-07	Got to agree that i'm confused as to where all the men have gone?
Theon could easily have ordered word to be sent to the other local towns of Roderick's death as a warning of "don't try anything, we're hard, look what we did" sort of thing?
But the missing men is a puzzle.
2608	Robb_	2012-05-07	They said he was caught coming back from Torrhen's Square, the guess would be that he and his 200 men lost the battle and the few that survived were ambushed/killed on the way back.
2609	SynthFG	2012-05-07	Well he's taking the part of Ser Benifer? and his wild hares, 
At a guess he left most of his 200 at Torens square chasing down raiders and was returning with a small party to Winterfel when he was ambushed
2610	bloodymime	2012-05-07	Perhaps he left the men at Torrhen's Square to reinforce it. Why go to the trouble of taking it back just to leave it undefended again.
2611	tfoxx22	2012-05-07	I noticed this too. But even if Rodrik was only returning with a handful of men i believe (but may be wrong) that Theon only had one ship of men and clearly most of them were in Winterfell when Rodrik was captured so i feel like it would have been pretty difficult to capture him. Other than that i really liked the scene and thought it was pretty well done.
2612	Envie	2012-05-07	I think overlooking the fact Rodrik had 200 men is easier for me than the dramatic change they made in having Theon hack his head off. I'm still coping with that gut wrenching stunner myself.
Overall I'm ok with the change, but man... its getting hard to keep everything straight.
2613	Monk Meth-	2012-05-07	Made rodrick look like a lesser man..
2614	Moose2949	2012-05-07	In the book Theon had 8 ships, but in the series he had just 1 ship. Just a guess but I would say he had about 50-80 men at the most with that one ship. Which is enough to threaten Torrhens Square and then slip by and snag Winterfell, but hardly enough to take out a few hundred men who know they are there. In the scene in episode 205 where Ser Rodrik asks for men to help TS they pretty much spell out that he is picking Winterfell clean. Which is obvious from the dialogue in the scene itself, and the fact that Theon took Winterfell with a handful of men. Doesn't it seem logical that Ser Rodrik would bring some of those men back? If he destroyed the Ironmen at TS, then he would assume there was no threat or a minimal threat left and take men back. Maybe he would leave a small number at TS, and take the rest back to Winterfell. If he got there and they slipped away, there would be Ironmen on the loose, and he would prolly bring some men w/ him back to Winterfell. Either way you cut it, with a war raging and an obvious threat to the north (and Winterfell) I doubt a seasoned commander/Knight would be travelling without an escourt. Just my 2c
2615	Magjee	2012-05-07	I was surprised they didnt drown him as a sacrifice.
2616	Honey Badger	2012-05-08	I think if they kept the tone of the books, then Rodrick was caught unawares and overwhelmed.  In cases of trickery the numbers aren't going to matter.  Plus you could easily write that they were spread thin while Theon had the benefit of surprise, keeping a wedge, and hit-and-run tactics. The books did have it that Theon won't be reinforced by Asha, and the Northerners were rallying to retake Winterfell.  It wasn't until the Bastard bashed his face in that all his plans went awry. I liked the way Rodrick went down.  Calling Theon a traitor and a coward, how ugly his execution was, Bran crying, everything.  Well done. Then suddenly he just ends up captured by himself? WTF? What about the 200 men he had with him that would have easily overwhelmed the handful that Theon had? Then it is also mentioned in the message to Robb that Rodrick was killed but how could that have been known since Luwin sent the Raven before it happened?If Theon was able to surprise Rodrick and catch him in a compromising position, then the numbers don't matter.  If you get the enemy to rout first, then 1000 can easily beat back 3000.  Or in this case, 30-50 could beat 200.  So long as Theon's play struck hard enough, then Rodrick's men were reasonably scattered. For the ravens, Luwin was ordered to send out birds to announce Prince Theon's ascension.  He could have mentioned Cassel's death then.
2617	tolthar	2012-05-08	I want to point out that soldiers in the show version disappear and re-appear all the time, and sometimes new soldiers complete with northern armour and spears manifest out of thin air. For instance. in episode 3 Catelyn has a pair of northerners with her as she approaches the tourney scene at Renlys camp. She just like leaves em there and forgets? I can just imagine them chilling down in the storm lands around a camp fire wondering if their Lady is ready to leave yet.
There are lots of scenarios where this happens.
2618	FloredaA	2012-05-08	I agree that a lot of things relating to the war and geography need a good deal of suspension of disbelief : soldiers come and go, characters are able to cross half of Westeros in a couple of days : Catelyn coming back alone from Storm's End to where Robb is in the western lands (and how did she know where to find him ?) without any trouble from teh lannisters troops? ;  Littlefinger coming to Tywin in Harrenhall to negociate Joffrey's marriage to Margaery ? Didn't he notice the road went through King's Landing, and that Tyrion was there and supposed to rule as Hand in place of Tywin?
2619	Fez	2012-05-08	My fanwank is that they got to Torren's Square and didn't see any enemy there, and so Rodrik sent his men back to the fields for the harvest (Winter is coming after all) and he went back to Winterfell/with a handful of full-time guards.
2620	victim	2012-05-08	Rodrik probably should have been drowned, but whatever, other than that I have no problem with how it was done.
2621	Reposado	2012-05-08	There are lots of scenarios where this happens.yeah, this is definitely one of them. They figure that 95% of people won't notice.There were no named, disposable characters at Winterfell in the show, so they brought back Rodrick. He also arrived back at Winterfell very soon after the Ironborn, don't see how he could have heard and gotten back that soon.I agree that a lot of things relating to the war and geography need a good deal of suspension of disbelief : soldiers come and go, characters are able to cross half of Westeros in a couple of days :In the book, wars are won with quills and ravens. In the show, wars are won with teleporting diplomats.
2622	bloodymime	2012-05-08	I want to point out that soldiers in the show version disappear and re-appear all the time, and sometimes new soldiers complete with northern armour and spears manifest out of thin air. For instance. in episode 3 Catelyn has a pair of northerners with her as she approaches the tourney scene at Renlys camp. She just like leaves em there and forgets? I can just imagine them chilling down in the storm lands around a camp fire wondering if their Lady is ready to leave yet.There are lots of scenarios where this happens.I don't know why but I busted out laughing at the thought of them sitting there in an empty field with everyone gone.'think the Lady might have forgotten us?'
2623	Khal Yolo	2012-05-09	I liked the HBO version of theon taking winterfell a lot more. When Ser Rodrik said "Hush child, I'm going to see your father", I thought that was one of the most powerful scenes I've ever seen in television.  You can't tell me you didn't shed a tear for Ser Rodrik Cassel. 
I was originally upset with the way HBO drastically changed some plot lines (Arya, for example), but now I see that the characters are spot on with the novels, and the general plot will unfold. It's TV after all, a completely different storytelling device.
2624	insertname	2012-05-09	The so-called teleportation is not a big issue. Time between different POVs simply doesn't flow simultaneously. We don't exactly know how long Littlefinger took for moving between camps.
The soldiers with Catelyn is also obvious, she had to leave in a hurry before they caught her or Brienne. No time to stroll through the camp and look for her soldiers.
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 09 May 2012 - 08:05 AM.
2625	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-05-09	The so-called teleportation is not a big issue. Time between different POVs simply doesn't flow simultaneously. We don't exactly know how long Littlefinger took for moving between camps.The soldiers with Catelyn is also obvious, she had to leave in a hurry before they caught her or Brienne. No time to stroll through the camp and look for her soldiers. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2626	TormundGiantsbane	2012-05-07	With Bran and Rickon on the lam, only accompanied by Hodor and Osha, and no Jojen or Meera. Who is going to accompany who, once Bran and Rickon's roads split?
Hodor is of course going with Bran, but Hodor not being much of a talker, how is Bran going to share his thoughts as he journeys north? Osha seems more connected to Bran and I am guessing she will play that part, but then who will take care of little Rickon?
Disclaimer: I love the deviations. Little things like this allow even us book readers to be surprised and speculate.
2627	Crown	2012-05-07	Meera and Jojen, or only one of them, will be introduced next season. It is known.
2628	Greenseer Stark	2012-05-07	I sincerely hope they include both of the Reeds next season. DB Weiss and David Benioff have hinted at their inclusion.
					
					
							Edited by Greenseer Stark, 07 May 2012 - 04:38 PM.
2629	Greyjoy67	2012-05-07	I sincerely hope they include both of the Reeds next season. DB Weiss and David Benioff have hinted at their inclusion.Where?
2630	House Snow	2012-05-07	They could make some reason for them to be there.  They would have seemed weird no matter how they were introduced (if they introduce them).  My theory is that they would meet them beyond the wall.  They would make more sense if they were wildlings, maybe moved from the south of the wall years ago,  then if they were these wierd people south of the wall.
2631	Lannes	2012-05-07	I wouldn't be surprised if they delay or eliminate the splitting of Bran and Rickon.
					
					
							Edited by Lannes, 07 May 2012 - 07:06 PM.
2632	bloodymime	2012-05-07	Probably just keep one of the people of Winterfell alive that dies in the book since whoever it is is going to be quickly going offscreen for the next several books.
2633	IngA3lfr	2012-05-07	I had a thought following this episode as they were walking off into the woods at the end minus any other adults. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re all assuming that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re all going to be going north either now, or that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going to do as in the books and go hide in the crypts until Winterfell is razed by Ramsey and then head north.But why are we assuming theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going North?Thus far, Bran has not made any mention of going north, nor has anyone else. Osha obviously has no desire to go that way, and they thus far have so reason to go that way, so why in the hell would they? Wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it make more since for them at this point to try and go south to meet up with Robb?My new theory is this, and will probably be proven in the next couple episodes (unless they all go into hiding off camera until S3.)If they go North: Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re probably going to deviate from the books somehow and we most likely wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see the Reeds (unless they're waiting at Queenscrown or something.)If they go South: Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll run into the Reeds, probably outside Moat Cailin at the Neck, or possibly sooner, at which point they will split up and head back north as normal in two parties.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m about 60% sure it's going to be option B, because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an entirely logical way to delay meeting the Reeds until season 3 by adding in a completely reasonable detour the allows them to meet naturally.
					
					
							Edited by IngA3lfr, 07 May 2012 - 07:29 PM.
2634	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-07	I know this is unpopular...but I don't like the Reeds...
*Ducks for cover, paintball style*
I just find them as enablers for Bran to fully realise his abilities.
Tower of Joy has something to do with it, but Howland Reed is still alive so I'm only really waiting to hear from him.
He's ok, he saved Ned (we think)... /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2635	House Snow	2012-05-07	I think they are definitely in the crypts.  There is a scene from the previews from the beginning of the season showing Bran hiding which we haven't seen yet.
2636	dtones520	2012-05-07	I had a thought following this episode as they were walking off into the woods at the end minus any other adults. WeÂ<U+0092>re all assuming that theyÂ<U+0092>re all going to be going north either now, or that theyÂ<U+0092>re going to do as in the books and go hide in the crypts until Winterfell is razed by Ramsey and then head north.But why are we assuming theyÂ<U+0092>re going North?Thus far, Bran has not made any mention of going north, nor has anyone else. Osha obviously has no desire to go that way, and they thus far have so reason to go that way, so why in the hell would they? WouldnÂ<U+0092>t it make more since for them at this point to try and go south to meet up with Robb?My new theory is this, and will probably be proven in the next couple episodes (unless they all go into hiding off camera until S3.)If they go North: TheyÂ<U+0092>re probably going to deviate from the books somehow and we most likely wonÂ<U+0092>t see the Reeds (unless they're waiting at Queenscrown or something.)If they go South: TheyÂ<U+0092>ll run into the Reeds, probably outside Moat Cailin at the Neck, or possibly sooner, at which point they will split up and head back north as normal in two parties.IÂ<U+0092>m about 60% sure it's going to be option B, because itÂ<U+0092>s an entirely logical way to delay meeting the Reeds until season 3 by adding in a completely reasonable detour the allows them to meet naturally.I like your idea of them starting to go South. Your right, when we first meet Osha she is going as far south as south can go, it would only make sense that she takes them that way. Especially with Robb and Co being South.
2637	wolverine	2012-05-07	Ya, the going south idea could work.  I don't know how they would randomly run into the children of the one guy who may know all the secrets.  Or why they would decide to head north when they had never met Bran yet.  Unless Jojen conveniently dreams it.
2638	dtones520	2012-05-07	Ya, the going south idea could work.  I don't know how they would randomly run into the children of the one guy who may know all the secrets.  Or why they would decide to head north when they had never met Bran yet.  Unless Jojen conveniently dreams it.I mean, that is how Meera and Jojen end up going to and sticking around Winterfell in the first place.
2639	The Unborn	2012-05-07	Ya, the going south idea could work.  I don't know how they would randomly run into the children of the one guy who may know all the secrets.  Or why they would decide to head north when they had never met Bran yet.  Unless Jojen conveniently dreams it. Well that's basically why they went to Winterfell in the first place.
2640	snowzombie	2012-05-07	The guy who plays Maester Luwin is awesome. Perfect example of a character who is better on the show than in the books. But having him die as a result of the destruction of Winterfell is really powerful and would be a strong note to end Season 2, especially if they keep to the book and have the kids hiding in the crypts. I would really love if Luwin could stay in the show but who else can they kill at Winterfell who viewers have a strong emotional tie to? 
Since they're splitting ASOS into 2 seasons, there will be room for Jojen and Meera.
2641	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	If they trudge all the way down to Moat Caitlin, why in the world would Davos then have to go fetch Rickon and Shaggy from Skagos? Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d never go there from there, so to speak.  This is the butterfly effect in action.I wonder whether Osha will get killed by a unicorn.  Betcha betcha.
2642	snowzombie	2012-05-07	Since GRRM is so in love with Osha, I wonder if they're going to try to make her part of the Bran story. She's lived beyond the Wall. Luwin could go with Rickon.
2643	Frumpus	2012-05-07	I'm sure what happened was GRRM told D&D what would happen in the Rickon & Osha & Davos storyline in TWoW and D&D decided the story was pointless and decided to axe it.
No Reeds. That means Rickon goes with Bran, or he dies along the way. I'm sure the producers are dying to have a good reason to get rid of a kid actor that will completely outgrow his part in a year or two.
2644	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	I'm sure what happened was GRRM told D&D what would happen in the Rickon & Osha & Davos storyline in TWoW and D&D decided the story was pointless and decided to axe it.No Reeds. That means Rickon goes with Bran, or he dies along the way. I'm sure the producers are dying to have a good reason to get rid of a kid actor that will completely outgrow his part in a year or two.Nope, not going to happen, no way, no how. Martin didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t set things up to have a spare Stark heir for no reason. Rickon is a true Checkovâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Heir here.Plus why would you think that the Rickon actor would outgrow the rA´le? Makes no sense.
2645	IngA3lfr	2012-05-07	If they trudge all the way down to Moat Caitlin, why in the world would Davos then have to go fetch Rickon and Shaggy from Skagos? Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d never go there from there, so to speak.  This is the butterfly effect in action.I wonder whether Osha will get killed by a unicorn.  Betcha betcha.Because Moat Caitlin would be under Greyjoy control just like it is in the books. And because of geography, sneaking past would be prohibitively difficulty (and or fatal) for anyone who is not a crannogmen. Assuming they were only intercepted by the Reeds, both of whom are needed to take Bran north, there is no way for Osha and Rickon to go any further south, the only options would be to go someplace entirely different, and since nowhere in the mainland north is safeâ<U+0080>¦They could also set it up as a mirror to Aryaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s traveling North. If they took a long time going south, and learned from the Reeds (or from Bran's dreams) that the RW had taken place, theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d suddenly find the south a less than ideal destination and be forced to seek other options.
					
					
							Edited by IngA3lfr, 07 May 2012 - 11:48 PM.
2646	Envie	2012-05-07	I agree that Rickon's part in the story still remains a mystery, but Martin wouldn't write it in that he's taken away to Skagos by Osha if there was no reason for him to be alive anymore. It would make no sense for the producers to have Rickon killed off if in fact he does play an important role later on in the books we haven't yet read.
I'm with most others who think the Reeds are going to make a belated appearance in Season 3. They'll meet up along the road somewhere, having been sent by their Dad when he found out Winterfell was taken, but before Theon has done the switch out with the Miller's sons after being unable to find Bran and Rickon's trail of escape.
2647	Terminated	2012-05-08	As I mentioned before, the simplest way for the series is to have Osha lead Bran to Coldhand at the wall, leave Bran with him (it?) and go to (most likely) Skaagos with Rickon.  I don't need Jojen in the show, I don't like that character too much, it just doesn't fit for me.
2648	The Blind Girl	2012-05-08	The guy who plays Maester Luwin is awesome. Perfect example of a character who is better on the show than in the books. But having him die as a result of the destruction of Winterfell is really powerful and would be a strong note to end Season 2, especially if they keep to the book and have the kids hiding in the crypts. I would really love if Luwin could stay in the show but who else can they kill at Winterfell who viewers have a strong emotional tie to?Since they're splitting ASOS into 2 seasons, there will be room for Jojen and Meera.I am one of those who are emotionally tied to Luwin in the show.  I was so so hoping he would be leaving with Bran and Rickon.. or taking Rickon at least while Bran heads north.. sigh.. looking at next weeks preview just makes me /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> .
2649	Fengari	2012-05-08	I really hope they still go hide in the crypts, because them coming out and seeing Winterfell ruined will be emotionally more powerful than just us seeing it.
That means some other adult could still join them (Luwin?) to have an adult with each group when they split up. The other theory I've seen, of Osha taking Bran and Rickon to the Wall, Coldhands taking over Bran to take him beyond the Wall and Osha going with Rickon to Skaagos is plausible as well.
Meeting up with the Reeds later is also possible, they may have been sent by Howland Reed after the news about Winterfell (however, why would he send his 2 children into a definite warzone, but not send men to help free Winterfell/keep his own Children safe?). I must say, after my initial disappointment about not seeing the Reeds (just a 'hey, that's not how it is in the books' reaction, I don't especially like the Reeds), I've gotten used to them not being there and I like the interaction of Osha with Bran, so I may even be a little disappointed if the Reeds do show up /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2650	The Monkey	2012-05-08	I really hope they still go hide in the crypts, because them coming out and seeing Winterfell ruined will be emotionally more powerful than just us seeing it.That means some other adult could still join them (Luwin?) to have an adult with each group when they split up. The other theory I've seen, of Osha taking Bran and Rickon to the Wall, Coldhands taking over Bran to take him beyond the Wall and Osha going with Rickon to Skaagos is plausible as well.Meeting up with the Reeds later is also possible, they may have been sent by Howland Reed after the news about Winterfell (however, why would he send his 2 children into a definite warzone, but not send men to help free Winterfell/keep his own Children safe?). I must say, after my initial disappointment about not seeing the Reeds (just a 'hey, that's not how it is in the books' reaction, I don't especially like the Reeds), I've gotten used to them not being there and I like the interaction of Osha with Bran, so I may even be a little disappointed if the Reeds do show up /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Perhaps Howland sends a few hundred men to take back Winterfell, and Ramsay destroy them, with the Reed siblings being survivors of that battle and later join up with Bran's crew. Although, as you said, why would he send the children along with the army?
2651	WinterWarrior	2012-05-08	I think they head north, because of Bran's dreams of the three eyed raven and Osha knowing he has to get there. I still think that Rickon and Osha or someone will end up on Skagos because the Davos/Onion Knight story will have him going in search of Rickon (hopefully book 6). And one or both of the Reeds will be met along the way north to travel with Bran and Hodor.
But we will have to wait and see. I like these deviations from the books because it gives those of us who have read the books surprises to look forward to.
2652	Bearsblood8	2012-05-08	We've heard that GRRM is giving Osha a bigger role to play because he liked her character in the HBO series.  I wonder how much freedom this allows D & D to play with her role (i.e. have her lead Bran to Bloodraven rather than end up in Skagos with Rickon), knowing that GRRM might be "moving the goalpost" of how important she ends up being?
They'll likely need to be careful that they don't place her in some scenario where she can't fulfill whatever role George has planned for her.
2653	Jennelyn	2012-05-08	They could make some reason for them to be there.  They would have seemed weird no matter how they were introduced (if they introduce them).  My theory is that they would meet them beyond the wall.  They would make more sense if they were wildlings, maybe moved from the south of the wall years ago,  then if they were these wierd people south of the wall.They would hear of Winterfell's distress and perhaps come to help. Jojen may have had green dreams telling him where to find Bran and Rickon.
2654	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-08	I had a thought following this episode as they were walking off into the woods at the end minus any other adults. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re all assuming that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re all going to be going north either now, or that theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going to do as in the books and go hide in the crypts until Winterfell is razed by Ramsey and then head north.But why are we assuming theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going North?Thus far, Bran has not made any mention of going north, nor has anyone else. Osha obviously has no desire to go that way, and they thus far have so reason to go that way, so why in the hell would they? Wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t it make more since for them at this point to try and go south to meet up with Robb?My new theory is this, and will probably be proven in the next couple episodes (unless they all go into hiding off camera until S3.)If they go North: Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re probably going to deviate from the books somehow and we most likely wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see the Reeds (unless they're waiting at Queenscrown or something.)If they go South: Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll run into the Reeds, probably outside Moat Cailin at the Neck, or possibly sooner, at which point they will split up and head back north as normal in two parties.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m about 60% sure it's going to be option B, because itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an entirely logical way to delay meeting the Reeds until season 3 by adding in a completely reasonable detour the allows them to meet naturally.Why do they need to meet the Reeds? Osha has already explained away almost their entire purpose for Bran.
2655	Bearsblood8	2012-05-08	Why do they need to meet the Reeds? Osha has already explained away almost their entire purpose for Bran.I think the problem we run into is that we don't know how important Osha's role in Skagos is.  If D & D place her with Bran and Bloodraven, who fills her role with Rickon?  It's likely that her knowledge of wildlings and the north was essential to RIckon's staying alive on Skagos.
2656	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-08	I'm absolutely sure she is crucial to his survival there. 
There's no reason for her to go with Bran past the wall. They split there. Sam is perfectly capable of getting Bran and Hodor through the wall and into Coldhands escort while Osha and Rickon say their goodbyes and go on to Skagos.
No need for Luwin to live, no need for the Reeds.
I love Brans portion of the story in the books...but as crowded as this story is going to get with Greyjoys and Martells, Dany finally getting stuff to do (besides yell about taking stuff once an episode), wildlings, Stannis, battles at the wall, Red Wedding, Jaime and Brienne and on and on and on...do we really want them wasting huge chunks of the season on the same (for the most part) redundant buildup of Bran getting to his destination and being cold with the Reeds? There's way more entertaining things to be focusing on for a TV series w/ limited time and a soon to come explosion of new characters.
2657	hesitantreader	2012-05-08	It makes much more sense for them to go south; The more I think about this the better the idea is.  Osha would never council them to go north having fled south of the wall herself  and the King of the North still rules the Riverlands at this point.   Perhaps they meet the Reeds in White Harbor and save the need for Wex (who so far looks to be cut from the story)?
2658	Vuron	2012-05-08	There is no need to include the Reeds unless they have some important role to play after aDwD.  Bran is already having the green dreams and Osha knows what they are, so that leaves out Jojen.  Meera was mainly for exposition.  The Reeds told us about the ToJ, green men, island of faces, Knight of the laughing tree, and some history.  The show has already skipped the ToJ, and there is no reason to drop all the other hints during one scene in season 2.  TV doesn't work the same way as books.. you can't discuss something in one scene during season 2, planning to reveal the outcome in season 8.
If we've learned anything from the Arya storyline, it's that journeys can be severely contracted.  Arya went from leaving KL, one scene in the wilderness with the gold cloaks, the fight with Lorch's men, and then straight to Harrenhall.  Even though we were introduced to Hot Pie and Lommy, we never learned any of their back story and non readers barely know who they are.
Bran could make it to Bloodraven in 4 scenes... leave Winterfell and head to the wall... meet Sam at wall.... meet Coldhands... go from wall to Bloodraven... no need for the Reeds.  Even if the Reeds are included, I think people are going to be severely disappointed when we don't get all their stories and we don't learn any of their history (just like Hot Pie and Lommy).
It makes the most sense to keep Osha with Rickon and let Hodor and Bran travel alone until they meet Sam/Coldhands/Bloodraven.  They've set it up so that Osha doesn't want to go back north and I don't think she will.  Bran and Rickon could easily split up as they leave Winterfell.  The only thing that I question is how much the show runners like Osha and will we see many made up scenes with her and Rickon over the next few seasons.
					
					
							Edited by Vuron, 08 May 2012 - 11:37 AM.
2659	Fez	2012-05-08	If the Reeds are out, and it really wouldn't bother me if they are, I think it makes the most sense if Bran dreams of going North, they all head north, and when they meet with Sam and Coldhands, Osha (who didn't want to cross the Wall anyway; and maybe has a line when they first set out saying she won't) and Rickon can peel off towards Skagos. It's not like there's going to be tons of Bran time that needs to be filled with dialog; we'll probably only see him a little more than we have Jamie Lannister this season until he reaches Bloodraven.
2660	Greenseer Stark	2012-05-08	Where?Here's the interview where they mention that some characters have just been delayed until season 3, I think the Reeds could fall into this category.http://www.westeros...._and_Dan_Weiss/
2661	Lady Olenna	2012-05-08	I would be happy with Maester Luwin accompanying either of them. Just so he wouldn't have the same fate he has in the book.
2662	Lady Olenna	2012-05-08	If the Reeds are out, and it really wouldn't bother me if they are, I think it makes the most sense if Bran dreams of going North, they all head north, and when they meet with Sam and Coldhands, Osha (who didn't want to cross the Wall anyway; and maybe has a line when they first set out saying she won't) and Rickon can peel off towards Skagos. It's not like there's going to be tons of Bran time that needs to be filled with dialog; we'll probably only see him a little more than we have Jamie Lannister this season until he reaches Bloodraven./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I like the Reeds but this scenario makes sense.
2663	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	What if Bran learns to warg into Hodor soon enough? His crow dreams would point him up north, at least till he runs into Coldhands. He can be all warrior like through Hodor; also an UP for the guy who plays Hodor. Osha can then continue with Rickon to Skagos knowing Bran can fend for himself now. Though the producers/viewers love for Osha might keep her sticking to Bran.
But Osha/Rickon HAVE to go to Skagos. GRRM can't risk revealing his constructs for Rickon to producers so that they keep Rickon with Bran or kill him off. Readers won't like that happening, it would kill the curiosity behind Davos's deadly mission.
2664	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-09	But Osha/Rickon HAVE to go to Skagos. GRRM can't risk revealing his constructs for Rickon to producers so that they keep Rickon with Bran or kill him off. Readers won't like that happening, it would kill the curiosity behind Davos's deadly mission.Unless, by the time the series catches up to the Davos mission, WoW is out.  (A Woman can dream.....)But it's a good point and I've mentioned before on another thread somewhere.  If D&D DO know how this is ending, some of the plots and characters they are dropping/changing will certainly have a spoilerish impact on we the readers.  This worries me more than anything.
2665	Stargareyen	2012-05-09	Unless, by the time the series catches up to the Davos mission, WoW is out.  (A Woman can dream.....)ROFL... Judging by GRRM's blog posts, he is in no hurry to finish WoW anytime soon, 2015 should be the year if I were to take a wild guess.Maybe they will create Greywater Watch somewhere enroute Bran-Osha's way and drop Rickon in Howland Reed's nursery. That'll make Osha free to guide Bran up north /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
2666	Fez	2012-05-09	But it's a good point and I've mentioned before on another thread somewhere.  If D&D DO know how this is ending, some of the plots and characters they are dropping/changing will certainly have a spoilerish impact on we the readers.  This worries me more than anything.It's been stated a bunch of times that once it became clear this series was going to be a thing, GRRM sat David and Dan and down and told them all sorts of stuff about what'll happen in the last two books.  If Rickon is going to have a role to play, they know about it.This is why I'm sure Gendry is going to be doing something too, because the show has gone out its way to make sure he sticks in viewers' minds.
2667	Davos55	2012-05-09	I am still going with the theory that the Reeds (one or both) will appear early next season and Bran will end up going with them.
If the show producers really love Osha that much, then they can show her and Rickon and Shaggydog going to Skagos occasionally. We all know the producers love to add scenes and events, so this may very well be their plan.
2668	snowzombie	2012-05-07	Anyone notice how half of the episodes that have been aired this season are named after something that has no bearing on the action in the episode? 
Episode 1: The North Remembers. That phrase comes from Dance with Dragons and the long-simmering desire to avenge Ned and the Red Wedding. We check in with Robb and his side of the war. The main action is him sending Theon to treat with his father and him sending Catelyn to treat with Renly. There is no emphasis on vengeance. 
Episode 2: The Nightlands. It wasn't until last night someone made mention of Drogo riding in the Nightlands. Was this supposed to make us aware of how close Dany was to dying in this episode? I don't think they successfully made a connection. 
Episode 3: What is Dead May Never Die. This made sense because the words were spoken by Theon at his baptism. 
Episode 4: Garden of Bones. Jorah mentions this phrase, talking about the fate of travelers who aren't allowed into Quarth. 
Episode 5: The Ghost in Harrenhal. This was nice because we knew to expect Jaqen. 
Episode 6: The Old Gods and The New. This was said in the scene with Brienne and Catelyn in last week's episode. I guess they wanted to use that as a title but didn't want to move that scene into this week's episode. 
Speculation:
Episode 7: A Man Without Honor. From the episode guide it looks like this is when Jaime will make his escape attempt. Also, Theon leads a search party, meaning he might murder his proxy Stark children and further provoke the people left in Winterfell. 
Episode 8: Prince of Winterfell. "Theon receives a vistor and holds down the fort." This is when Asha comes to ridicule him, natch. I hope they keep his ugly ass crown. 
Episode 9: Blackwater. Duh.
Episode 10: Valar Morghulis. The episode guide says Arya calls in her last death in Episode 8, but it can fit with her escape from Harrenhal. 
I typically don't nitpick but this does annoy me. All of the episode titles last season matched up with the dramatic content. Titles are important.
2669	pavel	2012-05-07	Hello fellas. Been reading those forums for a while and I figured I'd start contributing a bit. I hope this hasn't already been covered!
Watching episode 6 got me to question Tyrion's plan to bring Myrcella to safety. I don't have my book 2 so I couldn't reread anything to double check, but with a bit of research I found out the boat on which Myrcella sails actually heads to Braavos first, and then heads to Dorne.
I was seriously questioning Tyrion's decision of having his little princess sail a long distance in ennemy territory (ie waters controlled by Stannis) but now it makes more sense. However, sailing from King's Landing to Braavos does appear to require getting somewhat close to Dragonstone. Do the books every explain the route taken? What makes Tyrion believe she won't run into trouble? We all know Stannis' whole fleet gets to King's Landing pretty soon, and Tyrion knows it as well, but does he have any information that lead him to believe Myrcella has time to get out of harm's way?
We know Stannis' last known location is around Storm's End after Renly's death, so most of his fleet must be there, but that doesn't eliminate the risk of some ships patrolling near Dragonstone.
As for alternative routes, the only other choice would be making the trip on horse, which would probably require squeezing between the Stormlands and Tyrell territory. Seems hazardous when you consider the Tyrell haven't declared for anyone yet.
I'm no sailor so I may have missed something, so comments and precisions are appreciated!
2670	Stark 4 ever	2012-05-07	didn't it bother anyone that the halfhand is showed as right handed?
and theon killing sir rodrick seem to be like how robb killed karstark?
