nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2011-05-08	Rate the episode!
2	Kaitscralt	2011-05-08	Best episode so far, without a doubt. The pacing finally found a rhythm and they stopped to explain the back stories to four important characters. Plus three direwolves including Ghost.
Kit-Jon stole every scene he was in.
3	RAddichio	2011-05-08	Gave ep4 a 9. Last week's ep was my fav so far.  I didn't understand why Ghost appeared for a split second tonight, after not seeing him anywhere other than the 1st ep when Jon discovered him as a pup?  Tournament was exciting and rather gruesome..as written.
4	Mr Bean	2011-05-08	Best episode so far, without a doubt. The pacing finally found a rhythm and they stopped to explain the back stories to four important characters. Plus three direwolves including Ghost.Kit-Jon stole every scene he was in.Best episode to dateThe Episode in which Sir Allister is the world biggest dick to everyone in existenceBest Episode, gave it a ten.
5	Ran	2011-05-08	Ghost was in episode #2. He's lying down near Jon and Tyrion.
6	Valmy	2011-05-08	I do love how gloomy and serious all the Starks are in the series.  Especially Jon, Robb, and Ned.  As it should be.
7	Bishop437	2011-05-08	Yes I also feel it was the best yet. Love that we get to see Ghost in all his glory. Now some will complain that he shouldn't be growling but good luck explaining that to a television audiance. Wish the tourney was a bit more involved but the essential thing happened. It was weird that the hounds story was told but littlefinger but at least it was told. Love that Theon finally gets introduced and explained. My guess is we are about 2 episodes from Viserys being "crowned". Could happen next but I don't think so. Thought the crossroads inn was perfect. I like that it was Bronn who Tyrion threw the coin to. And we hear of the Freys of the crossing. Curse them curse them curse them. What else..... Oh yeah! The Three Eyed crow! I was afraid they would skip it but it appears my fears were unfounded. Well done indeed. Rated this one a ten
8	Lord Godric	2011-05-08	By far, the best one of the season so far.  Loved the dialogue and action!
9	SergioCQH	2011-05-09	Another vote for the best episode thus far. Bryan Cogman just did the exposition better than D&D.
10	moonjump05	2011-05-09	The "LF telling Sansa the Hound's story" ruined this one for me, sorry. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
11	Daenerys	2011-05-09	Loved it. I'm going to be a dick and only give it an 8, even though it probably deserves a 9. Main reason being nothing super exciting happened, and a few scenes were slightly awkward or unnecessary. But overall the show is starting to feel more smooth and flow more naturally. Sansa continues to grate on me, but I suppose she's supposed to at this point, to some extent.
12	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-09	7
This episode was very refreshing after last week's travesty: there was legitimate plot advancement, exposition was laid out by means other than shameless 2-way dialogue, and there were some good action scenes.
I still think this show is dangerously lacking in "wow" factors that will sustain a non-reader audience.  The writers should be smarter about departures from the book - instead of having another exposition scene such as the one with Viserys in the tub, why not have a Dothraki raid on an anonymous village, or a flashback to a battle in Balon Greyjoy's rebellion?  There are better ways to give information and advance the story, ways which could also offer broader appeal.
I agree with moonjump05 that Littlefinger telling the Hound's story was painful - why do we have to learn about everybody and everything this way?  It felt just like last week's terrible scene in which Jaime recounted the executions of Rickard and Bran Stark.  
On that note, Sophie Turner actually earned some points in my book this week - I've been skeptical on her acting thus far, but I think she finally showed some promise.
Overall, I'm losing faith in this show - it's employing the same formula each week, and there isn't much creativity or risk taking in the writing and directing.  I think a lot of people on this forum should take the view of a non-reader and essentially ask: is this a good show apart from its foundation in great literature?  There is a lot of ratings inflation going on.
13	arrowfan	2011-05-09	Yea, Jon is really nailing all his scenes.  Perfect casting and acting.  Only scene I didn't like so much was Viserys and Jiqui in the bath tub.  Maybe because it was such a departure for the books. Still, it was a op to advance some the legend/dragon aspects of the story.  Viserys is doing a great job though. Sam is awesome!  Was really happy with his scenes.  His friendship with Jon is believable.  Too bad we don't get more Ghost.  I'm missing the bonding between Jon and Ghost. The Hand's Tourney was pretty good.  Gregor's lance through the squire's throat was gruesome... gave Gregor a good deal of foreboding.  Didn't like that LF told Sansa the story of Sandor's burned face (instead of Sandor himself).  Hmmm, seems like a missed op to develop Sandor's character.  Theon is growing on me... didn't like the casting at first, but think he did a good job in this ep. Ending was pretty good.  Overall gave it an 8/10
14	lifefullofwords	2011-05-09	Definitely the strongest episode to date. The previous ones were good but had some clunky scenes and the exposition was often heavy-handed. This episode flowed very smoothly and the transitions between the different locations were much cleaner.
They did a great job with Bran's dream and the Three-Eyed Crow. I wasn't sure how they were going to pull it off but I was very impressed, especially given how difficult dream scenes are to film. It was also an excellent way to begin the episode.
I like the way they're mixing scenes that are drawn almost verbatim from the book (like the one between Ned and Littlefinger in the garden) and entirely new scenes (like the one between Tyrion and Theon). It makes the show more interesting to me than it would be if it only contained scenes from the book. Not that that would work anyway.
I agree that Kit Harrington is absolutely nailing Jon and stealing every scene. He's just perfect, and I couldn't be more pleased since Jon's one of my favorite characters. And it was great to see Sam! Although I don't think the actor playing him has quite settled into the role yet, which makes sense since it's his first episode. 
I'm not sure how I feel about Littlefinger telling Sansa how Sandor was hurt by his brother... in the book it is very important the he tells her that personally. But they still have plenty of time to build their relationship and I hope there will be some interesting scenes between them to come in the next few episodes.
Overall, an excellent episode... I gave it a 9.
15	Daenerys	2011-05-09	Alliser Thorne is great in this episode. He really came off as not just a bully (which is what I got from him in the books), but someone who has to be a jerk in order to get these soft boys ready, because...you know...winter is coming. He's seen what's out there, he knows what will happen if you aren't ready. Kind of reminded me what Curly says to Billy Crystal in City Slickers after he throws a knife through a guy's crotch: "I've crapped bigger than you." He put Jon and Sam in their place, but unlike in the book, I'm on his side. He's right.
16	Hyper	2011-05-09	I rate this episode an 8. (my vote history: 7, 8, 7, and now 8)
The episode finally flowed well, where each scene had room to breathe and play out. Unlike the hectic last episode. The info-dumping was well handled - I liked all the non-book scenes, and they all filled in a lot of valuable back history. All Jon/Sam scenes were great. Littlefinger as well. 
The loss of "SanDor" interaction (so far) doesn't bother me at all - I've never understood that shipping-esque obsession many fans have for that relationship.
17	Daenerys	2011-05-09	the loss of "SanDor" interaction (so far) doesn't bother me at all - I've never understood that shipping-esque obsession many fans have for that relationship.Regardless of how you feel about the relationship, wouldn't it be much more dramatic for the Hound himself to describe his own brother burning his face off? And right now Sandor needs a personality, I doubt a lot of people even have much sense of him at all. Littlefinger does not need to be telling that story, his personality is well established already and he will have plenty more screen time coming. Also, why keep cutting back to shots of Gregor after the joust wih his face still covered by the helmet? Wouldn't that be a good opportunity to give him a little nonverbal acting? Is he smirking? Happy about the having brutally killed a man? Sad? Horrified? Indifferent? Confused? Contemplative? We can't tell.
18	Lady Blackfish	2011-05-09	While I had individual issues, overall this episode was such an improvement over last week's that I'm too aglow to be able to enumerate them (which means a lot, coming from me).  It's definitely the most I've viscerally enjoyed an episode of GoT so far.  Jon and Sam were terrific and the added Jaime scene with Jory was a neat idea -- you can tell the show gets these characters, at least.  Not brilliant yet, but solid and entertaining.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Blackfish, 09 May 2011 - 04:36 AM.
19	lokisnow	2011-05-09	DAMN! the show gets better and better.  That was a ten, the first ten of the season, I was starting to get worried, but it keeps improving, they opened with an 8, barely pushed over to a 9, improved a little bit more the third time out but it was really the fourth time that was this show's charm.And now pretty much every domino has been set, and with tonight's ending, Lady Stark just knocked over the first one.  It's all downhill from here, I think it'll be epic.Regardless of how you feel about the relationship, wouldn't it be much more dramatic for the Hound himself to describe his own brother burning his face off? And right now Sandor needs a personality, I doubt a lot of people even have much sense of him at all. Littlefinger does not need to be telling that story, his personality is well established already and he will have plenty more screen time coming. Also, why keep cutting back to shots of Gregor after the joust wih his face still covered by the helmet? Wouldn't that be a good opportunity to give him a little nonverbal acting? Is he smirking? Happy about the having brutally killed a man? Sad? Horrified? Indifferent? Confused? Contemplative? We can't tell.naw, I never really understood why the hound would actually blab to Sansa.  It makes sense for Littlefinger to purvey that particular information, and it's a little creepy how he's using it to kind of impress Sansa.I think they kept Gregor in that armor because he's only really going to be seen in his armor.  He'll be an icon, recognizable by the gargantuan presence he imposes rather than his face.  And something about the Armor design screamed 
	Spoiler Gregor-stein
 to me.
					
					
							Edited by lockesnow, 09 May 2011 - 04:31 AM.
20	reiver	2011-05-09	I rated it 7. It was a decent episode but had too many flat and seemingly pointless scenes with protracted backstory. I'm rather baffled that after 3 episodes of dancing around names and history when it would have been appropriate that we got such an info dump with this ep. Not that i'm opposed to filling in the history but it all seemed a bit forced, clumsy and unnatural. I also don't like a lot of the changes, i'm not a book purist and i accept the need to reshape for a different medium i just think that too much has been mangled and lost for the sake of changing rather than to improve. So many of the good lines have been plucked and replaced with cliched pap that seems to be from BBC drama rather than the HBO shows i love. This isn't even scratching the awesomeness of Rome or Deadwood.
21	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-09	Definitely a step up. Ghost looked great, and TBH I never really cared that Ghost was mute, that's uber-geek stuff and I'm just a regular geek.
I thought it all came together fine. I think they've done it reasonably well by bringing in some history at this point, though I do wonder if Ep4 might not have been a tad late to bring the N00bs up to speed.
22	Ahriman	2011-05-09	Best episode so far.
23	Eddard house stark	2011-05-09	Excellent. Thought the scenes with sam finally showed the true character of Jon. Great ghost scene. Hodor looks nothing like i would have imagined. Cersei looked like a geisha. The hound is getting underplayed and littlefinger overplayed
24	Abaddon	2011-05-09	Overall, I'm losing faith in this show - it's employing the same formula each week, and there isn't much creativity or risk taking in the writing and directing.  I think a lot of people on this forum should take the view of a non-reader and essentially ask: is this a good show apart from its foundation in great literature?  There is a lot of ratings inflation going on.I think you're missing that a lot of people understand it's incredibly challenging to translate something to the screen from a book (particularly one written with a POV structure) and they are doing a great job.  While the experience is (naturally) distilled from the book, I firmly believe that if one watches the show, they are getting a great experience (my spouse would agree... I was out of town last week and she re-watched the 3rd episode without me).  They can then go to the book and flesh out back-story without many contradictions at all.I also think the new scenes have for the most part been very well done, giving us glimpses of character interaction we could never see in the book, and in a very believable way.  I am VERY pleased how well those are coming off so far as they really underscore how well the show creators understand the characters.  Of course, there are a minority of cases where I don't like the changes, but overall, well done D&D.So yeah, if it's not working for you, that's too bad.  But I think people here are being honest, and I think it's a bit cheeky to suggest there's "ratings inflation" going on, when you're part of the "ratings deflation" crew just as much (I personally think both characterizations are silly; we're all just giving our honest opinions here).
25	Abaddon	2011-05-09	As far as my own rating, I would give this a 9.  Probably the best episode for me so far, but I am expecting bigger and better things as the story starts opening up again.  For the record, my ratings so far were 8, 9, 6, and now 9.  (The '6' was maybe a little harsh... I might up it to a 7 on further reflection... but it was easily the most disappointing episode for me so far, so I felt it was appropriate to distance it from the 1st episode by more than one point, and will probably keep it there).About the only real gripe I have (one obviously shared with many others) is that the Hand's Tourney looked very good but way too poorly attended.  Really, they're spending all of this gold on the purse, but only 20 people show up?  Disappointing.  I understand why, and it didn't ruin the episode or anything, but a really grand Tourney would have taken this one easily to a 10 for me.I've been excited each week for the next episode with the exception of this weeks, due to my disappointment with last week's.  So that's another indication that it has been the outlier for me so far.  The story is really going to explode starting next week and continuing all of the way through the end, and I can't wait!
26	drawkcabi	2011-05-09	I thought it was the best episode so far, but I know the story and characters so well, I can't help but be subjective. It was just that this was the first episode that felt like the books all the way through to me, the previous 3 feeling not having this impact.
Even so, it's been a while since I read the books, I didn't even remember until reading this thread that it was Sandor himself that told his story about his brother burning him.
My only minor complaint is at the point where Tyrion is tossing the coin at Theon and then leaves to go to the brothel outside Winterfell, as the scene switches, it looked like the training yard for castle Black was right outside the walls of Winterfell. It might not look that way on a second viewing if I pay better attention but the point is only because I knew better I wasn't confused, where I think I might have been if I hadn't read the books.
27	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	This one gets an 8 from me.  I think that it was a bit of an error to run two action-light episodes back-to-back.  I would have extended the battle where Jon names Sam his Queen of Love and Beauty.  Jon mowed through three men a little too easily, IMO and the episode needed some good swordplay.  This could have been done easily enough without busting the budget like some elaborate flashback definitely would have. 
Got a hint of the complications of dealing with the dogs in the scene with Rast.  Just to have the thing sit on him and growl appeared to have been difficult enough that they didn't really show Ghost and any of the actors in the scene at the same time.  I suspect that just getting that growl took FOREVER.
I knew the decision to have LF reveal the Hound story would be unpopular here, and I'm not crazy about it.  But I do like it as a way to show that LF is privy to all sorts of information that is dangerous and secret.  Also liked that the LF-Sansa dynamic was not too overly creepy at first.  Sophie looked great - she seemed a LOT younger in this scene than in previous ones.  Ser Hugh's ugly demise clearly shook her of her storybook ideas.
I was a little bit disappointed in that while Catelyn apparently saw the Bat of Whent, the Twin Towers of Frey and the Stallion of Bracken in the inn, I could see nothing of them.  I understand that there is a concern that you don't want to make the livery look like superhero costumes, (I serve Lady Whent.  Call me, BATMAN!) but the whole point of livery is that it becomes a uniform in the chaos of battle.
28	Mad Queen	2011-05-09	7 because of all the Jon/Sam/Wall goodness, the well-done scene at the inn and most Dany scenes, but everything else, especially the expository dialogue, could have been better. Thumbs up for Gendry too.
29	flyingwind66	2011-05-09	I gave a 9! my highest rating yet! I loved this episode  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
Sam didn't look or sound like how I imagined but that was all ok because he did such a bang up job with his acting
I thought it was funny how they kept mentioning Ross/Rose... I guess she's that redhead with Tyrion in the first episode lol I bet that totally unspoiled speculation thread is going to think she's way more important than she actually is haha!
I like how they added in that scene with Jon and Sam talking about girls and sex... really helped show Jon's hang up on being a bastard and not fathering any etc. it pretty much replaced Benjen with Sam for this bit of Jon's development as a deeper character.  I'm ok with them delaying that from episode 1 to now haha
Also woot to Ghost being there!
					
					
							Edited by flyingwind66, 09 May 2011 - 12:31 PM.
30	Steinman	2011-05-09	Best so far, but still not a 10.
31	Ara	2011-05-09	2
They seem to have held the Hands tourney at my local renaissance fair. That was pretty bad and disappointing as I was looking forward to this part of the series since the beginning.
32	Daenerys	2011-05-09	2They seem to have held the Hands tourney at my local renaissance fair. That was pretty bad and disappointing as I was looking forward to this part of the series since the beginning.Agreed, it did look very Ren Faire. Budget, just like so much else. Absence of direwolves is one (lots of movies with all kinds of animals doing all kinds of things). Kings Landing also feels kind of small to me (although I like the area around the blacksmith where they found Gendry) and the Dothraki wedding looked very sparse and unimpressive. But even if they can't show a wide shot of thousands of people, it would have been nice to pack the stands around where the Starks are sitting a little more than 3 deep. Can it really cost that much for a couple dozen extras? I mean most little league games are better attended than this "grand" tournament. If the show does well, hopefully they'll up the budget a little bit to make things feel larger. Remember when the Holodeck was just a small room with bright Tron-style grid lines on the walls?However, I think rating it down to a 2 is way too harsh, I thought the episode was very good and the small size of the tournament didn't ruin it for me.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 09 May 2011 - 02:43 PM.
33	RAddichio	2011-05-09	I gave ep4 a 9, rather than the 10 for ep3, due to a certain lack of Tyrion screentime.  The imp played by Peter Dinklage electrifies every scene in which he appears.  The rather long scene between Benjen, Tyrion and the recruiting officer was especially entertaining in last week's show. Best lines: "I think he's beginning to like me" from ep3, while Ned Stark's "War is easier than daughters" gets that tribute this week.
Characters gaining more oomph than in the book, due to a strong performance, for me are Petyr Baelish, Samwell and Jaime. 
Another reason ep4 scored slightly less, IMHO, is due to the dragged out dragon eggs expository scene.  The fantasy aspect of Game of Thrones plays best when exposed least.  Many new HBO subscribers were lured by the historical drama theme - those viewers in particular will remain enthusiastic for the series as long as dragons and whitewalkers are kept to a minimum.
34	ExLibris	2011-05-09	Samwell Tarly boosts it from a 9 to a 10. They've made him a good source of comic relief that seems to be in line with his character...though hearing him tell the tale of how he came to the Night's Watch was very chilling. My girlfriend turned and looked at me and said "That's mean!" /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
					
					
							Edited by ExLibris, 09 May 2011 - 03:17 PM.
35	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	Samwell Tarly boosts it from a 9 to a 10. They've made him a good source of comic relief that seems to be in line with his character...though hearing him tell the tale of how he came to the Night's Watch was very chilling. My girlfriend turned and looked at me and said "That's mean!" /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Randyll Tarly.  Harsh, but fair.  It is known.
36	Gungnir	2011-05-09	Three. It was, simply put, boring to me. I enjoyed reading this part of the book, but something didn't translate well to the screen. I think it was the expository dialogue that really put me off. If they could have flashbacks or something...
Anyway, regardless of the reason or my overall enjoyment of the TV series (high), this episode felt like a flop.
					
					
							Edited by Gungnir, 09 May 2011 - 03:58 PM.
37	Sancho	2011-05-09	7This episode was very refreshing after last week's travesty: there was legitimate plot advancement, exposition was laid out by means other than shameless 2-way dialogue, and there were some good action scenes.I still think this show is dangerously lacking in "wow" factors that will sustain a non-reader audience.  The writers should be smarter about departures from the book - instead of having another exposition scene such as the one with Viserys in the tub, why not have a Dothraki raid on an anonymous village, or a flashback to a battle in Balon Greyjoy's rebellion?  There are better ways to give information and advance the story, ways which could also offer broader appeal.I agree with moonjump05 that Littlefinger telling the Hound's story was painful - why do we have to learn about everybody and everything this way?  It felt just like last week's terrible scene in which Jaime recounted the executions of Rickard and Bran Stark.  On that note, Sophie Turner actually earned some points in my book this week - I've been skeptical on her acting thus far, but I think she finally showed some promise.Overall, I'm losing faith in this show - it's employing the same formula each week, and there isn't much creativity or risk taking in the writing and directing.  I think a lot of people on this forum should take the view of a non-reader and essentially ask: is this a good show apart from its foundation in great literature?  There is a lot of ratings inflation going on.Completely agree with this. This week's episode is much better paced than last week's but while it has a better handle on all the exposition, the fact remains that there is just too much of it... The issue seems to be that the way the back-story as presented in the books, namely trough memories and dialogue, translates poorly on TV. The exposition was well delivered by the actors, but I don't think the casual viewer wants to hear tales about events long past for an hour. It's TV not radio. They really need to find a more creative way to communicate the richness of the world of Ice&Fire and do so more judiciously. (And yes, I am aware of how hard this is to do in only 10 episodes, given the scope of the source material). Still, speaking as a fan, I did enjoy the episode. I just hope that non-fans feel the same.
38	Daenerys	2011-05-09	Highest rated episode so far. (update: scores dropped a bit)Chart: http://www.chartgo.c...o?id=b41a0f22aa (update: added Nielsen ratings)----------------------Episode poll ratings (minimum 100 votes, top and bottom 5% thrown out):Episode 101 "Winter Is Coming" - 7.8Episode 102 "The Kingsroad" - 8.2Episode 103 "Lord Snow" - 7.9Episode 104 "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" - 8.2Overall series average - 8.0
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 10 May 2011 - 01:26 PM.
39	Evrach	2011-05-09	Great episode.
Has someone seen it with subtitle and noted down the names of the dragons Viserys is speaking into his bath, please?
Thank you very much.
40	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-05-09	I disagree with some of you, the exposition is a necessary evil. I find it rather annoying, but the people who I'm watching it with (new viewers) appreciate it. Its really impossible to tell the story without it (of course sometimes it could be delivered better, but its definitely necessary and overall doesn't hurt the show).
41	Prince of Dinas Emrys	2011-05-09	I gave it a 9.Many of the objections I read are from readers complaining that "non-readers won't find the exposition interesting". Apart from this being a logical fallacy called the psychologists' fallacy, in which subjective thought processes are projected onto others and taken erroneously as concrete and objective, it's also irrelevant to whether you enjoyed the show or not. Why not let the non-readers decide for themselves whether they like it? I don't think the show could sustain such a huge viewing audience if non-readers weren't getting into it. The three non-readers we watch the show with certainly seem to like it.
42	Daenerys	2011-05-09	Would you not expect the scores to drift up?  Those who didn't like the first two or three are voting with their clickers.  We can't all be as clued in as you are.  Thank the gods.Good point, however I would think the vast majority of anyone reading westeros.org forums are already fairly large fans of the books, and I doubt very many of them are going to stop watching the series. Perhaps a very small handful who simply cannot accept any deviation from the books exactly as imagined by them.
43	YoDaddy	2011-05-09	I'm also gonna have to say I was dissapointed in this one. The tourney was VERY unimpressive and this part of the story as a whole just didn't measure up to what I pictured. Too bad, I loved episode three. I didn't expect Hodor to be 40 either.
44	valacirca	2011-05-09	Cumulative episode scores (out of 10) so far based on the poll results:
E01 = 7.65
E02 = 8.15
E03 = 7.87
E04 = 8.11
45	nim	2011-05-10	Best episode yet, but still gave it just a 6.5. I have a hard time believing that non-reader fans are keeping interest at this point. Maybe my expectations are too high, but I'm constantly disappointed. This is the first episode where LF's lines don't feel completely flat, but his explanation of Sandor's burn was a bit painful. Where are Varys giggles? I also am not a big fan of Sean Bean. I know that he is supposed to come across as brooding and wary, but to me he just looks slightly confused. And I was SO excited when Hodor was called, but when he came out, was like wth?
That being said, Jon/Sam/Alliser = pure. joy. I also think Cersei is fantastic, Jaime too. And Theon - wow, was not expecting that! Great acting, and definitely looking forward to more of him.
The shows are definitely getting better, and looking forward to rating an episode a 10...
46	McCloskey	2011-05-10	I thought this one was the worst so far. There was too much random and insistent exposition and the tourney was weak. I think next week will redeem it but as a reader, this was the weakest.
47	Decius	2011-05-10	I disagree with some of you, the exposition is a necessary evil. I find it rather annoying, but the people who I'm watching it with (new viewers) appreciate it. Its really impossible to tell the story without it (of course sometimes it could be delivered better, but its definitely necessary and overall doesn't hurt the show).I love backstory and exposition episodes in series. Far more than the action-stuff usually. In this case I know all the things already, which of course takes away a bit, but the acting made it still very exciting for me. This episode hit all the right buttons for me.
48	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-10	I think you're missing that a lot of people understand it's incredibly challenging to translate something to the screen from a book (particularly one written with a POV structure) and they are doing a great job.  While the experience is (naturally) distilled from the book, I firmly believe that if one watches the show, they are getting a great experience (my spouse would agree... I was out of town last week and she re-watched the 3rd episode without me).  They can then go to the book and flesh out back-story without many contradictions at all.I also think the new scenes have for the most part been very well done, giving us glimpses of character interaction we could never see in the book, and in a very believable way.  I am VERY pleased how well those are coming off so far as they really underscore how well the show creators understand the characters.  Of course, there are a minority of cases where I don't like the changes, but overall, well done D&D.So yeah, if it's not working for you, that's too bad.  But I think people here are being honest, and I think it's a bit cheeky to suggest there's "ratings inflation" going on, when you're part of the "ratings deflation" crew just as much (I personally think both characterizations are silly; we're all just giving our honest opinions here).I want to begin this by saying that I'm really enjoying the show and I'm extremely relieved it's been renewed for a second season.  As a fan of the books, it's clear to me that the production staff has a lot of respect for the books and GRRM's vision.However, I think that reverence is actually becoming a detriment to the show.  The writers and production staff need to use the advantages inherent in the TV medium - advantages which are not available in literature - to make the story richer and more dramatic.  Instead, they are sticking so closely to the book that they are falling into the trap of telling us what happens/happened instead of showing us.As a case in point, one scene I found excruciatingly boring was Jaime and Ned's meeting in the throne room towards the beginning of Ep 3.  What was the point of this scene?  It was another extended dialogue scene in which history/background was laid out.  Staging it between Ned and Jaime only served to establish enmity between them, but that had already been done.  How much cooler would it have been for Ned to walk into the room, and then a panoramic shot of the room fades to the same room 20 years ago, showing the Starks roasting and Aerys laughing manically?  It would have given us the same information in a more interesting way, using the advantages of a screen medium.  Overwhelming the audience with exposition via dialogue makes for a generally boring show and alienates a lot of viewers.  It threatens the longevity of the show.Looking at the ratings, in which the lowest episode ranking (when adjusted for outliers) is close to an 8, it's pretty clear to me there's some inflation.  Look at how many people, in their reviews each week, write "best episode ever".  I'm enjoying this show, I think it's great - but it's not as great as it could be, for obvious reasons.  Most of my friends who're watching the show as non-readers are confused and disillusioned.  As fans, I think we should be most critical of the show; by handing out high praise in light of the show's shortcomings, I feel we're undermining its potential.
49	Evil.Bubbles	2011-05-10	Hello all,
Non book reader here and new fan of the show.I will give this episode a 7,and most for the lack of action,or to put it better the lack of action that i wanted to see since i saw the first episode.What got me hooked to this show was the minute i saw the white walkers.Being a Resident Evil fan,i was like : zombies on snow!!??Thats amazing:D
Now since then the dialogue has been great,and i love how the explain the story so far,i especially like the story of the wolfs and horse people(im really bad with names).But i really want to see more of the white walkers and i also i did not appreciate the ending scene.
I mean why go trough all that trouble with calling on for honor and you go threaten a midget?A funny one at that?
50	Ran	2011-05-10	She didn't really threaten him. She arrested him, so he can be tried and judged. John Doe,Don't come here to see what the general audience thinks. Go read the professional critics. Go read Sepinwall, who's not read the books, and who's ranking of the episodes almost exactly along the same lines as this forum is rating them. Try VanDerWerff or Poniewozik or Lacobs or McNutt, who have read the books but are also professional critics, and you'll see they quite like it too. I don't see why the fans need to be more critical than the critics.
51	Mistral	2011-05-10	I mean why go trough all that trouble with calling on for honor and you go threaten a midget?A funny one at that?Because she thinks he tried to murder her son. Not so funny, regardless of height.Anyway, I gave this one a 7. I found it slightly disappointing, although I'd be hard pressed to explain exactly why. I loved episode 3 - I guess I'm in a minority there, but it just seemed to flow better and there was a richness to the dialogue, an authenticity to the acting, that I feel was less apparent in episode 4.I was surprised and put out that LF told Sansa about how the Hound got his scars. I was really looking forward to that scene when he escorts her home from the feast and tells this horrifying story himself...I don't understand why they shifted that to LF  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> seems like a bit of a waste of a really powerful scene. Oh well...On the positive side, NCW is really getting his teeth into Jaime - there's an assuredness there, something simmering. I'm glued to the screen when he's on. KH is really improving as Jon - I wasn't at all impressed by him at the beginning of the series, but he's got it now  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  although I agree with many that it's a shame Ghost isn't around much. The lack of direwolves generally is a real shame. The scene at Winterfell where Robb and Bran receive Tyrion was chilling in the book, as I remember it - Shaggydog half-feral, snarling, Grey Wind taking his cue, the sense of visceral fear. I missed that, although I understand why they couldn't do it for the show, if the dogs have been difficult to work with. We were just left with Robb being a bit rude and Tyrion flouncing off to the brothel  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Liking Sam though. And I quite like the actor who plays Pyp, minor role notwithstanding.
52	Zezibesh	2011-05-10	Other episodes have been 6's, this was a 7.
Yes, I tend to use the whole rating scale, deal with it.
53	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-10	Ran,
I call it like I see it; as a reader and a viewer, I'm entitled to an opinion.
Fans need to be critical because our feedback is obviously being noted (D&D are members of this forum) and therefore holds the potential to make the show better.  I am as big a fan of the books and the show as anybody, but my honest perception is that the general audience and critics alike are overly-enamored with the novelty of this show, causing them to discount some serious flaws (similar to how "The Walking Dead" was received).  Just because the show is good doesn't mean it can't be better.
Anybody who watches the show is welcome to disagree with me.  However, no number of critics or viewers disagreeing with me will change my mind - the only thing that will do that is a better show.
54	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-10	As a case in point, one scene I found excruciatingly boring was Jaime and Ned's meeting in the throne room towards the beginning of Ep 3.  What was the point of this scene?  It was another extended dialogue scene in which history/background was laid out.  Staging it between Ned and Jaime only served to establish enmity between them, but that had already been done.  How much cooler would it have been for Ned to walk into the room, and then a panoramic shot of the room fades to the same room 20 years ago, showing the Starks roasting and Aerys laughing manically?  It would have given us the same information in a more interesting way, using the advantages of a screen medium.  Overwhelming the audience with exposition via dialogue makes for a generally boring show and alienates a lot of viewers.  It threatens the longevity of the show.It's of course always a matter of opinion but I'm not at all unhappy with that we haven't gotten flashbacks. That can at times come off as cheesy storytelling so it's not a given that it would work well and I also see merit in two good actors establishing themselves, their relationship (if you don't continually build on a rivalry, it won't seem very strong or important) and history through good acting rather than showing something that only gives us part of that and at a higher cost. The flashback would put less focus on the now and more on the past, which I think is the reversed of how they want it. I understand your point about show, not tell, but I didn't find that necessary there. Then again I love good scenes with nothing but talk so my opinion if of course in that context. Flashbacks also have the problem of either having a different actor play a current role (and thus not looking particularly similar) or to use the same actors and make people wonder why they looked about the same about 16 years ago.In short I agree that it could have been done with a flashback but not in that it would necessarily have been better, or even as good.Looking at the ratings, in which the lowest episode ranking (when adjusted for outliers) is close to an 8, it's pretty clear to me there's some inflation.  Look at how many people, in their reviews each week, write "best episode ever".  I'm enjoying this show, I think it's great - but it's not as great as it could be, for obvious reasons.  Most of my friends who're watching the show as non-readers are confused and disillusioned.  As fans, I think we should be most critical of the show; by handing out high praise in light of the show's shortcomings, I feel we're undermining its potential.I rather think that focusing on negatives will enhance the negative experience, just as focusing on the positives will do the opposite. I think that if a reviewer gives a grade he should talk roughly as much about the positives as the score's percentage value of the scale, and spend the rest on negatives. So I don't see why someone shouldn't hand out high praise if he really enjoyed an episode. That's after all the entire point of the show, to entertain.As for the actual grades, there's no definition for the scale (or I've missed it) so people might very well be grading things on differently defined scales, which of course means that one has to take that into consideration when judging the importance of it.
55	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-10	Point taken Tywin's bastard.  I'm not saying things have to be done with a flashback - I was just suggesting it as a way of conveying information without another dialogue scene, which IMO, this show has too many of.  The power of the screen is visualization, which I don't see them emphasizing enough.
56	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-10	Point taken Tywin's bastard.  I'm not saying things have to be done with a flashback - I was just suggesting it as a way of conveying information without another dialogue scene, which IMO, this show has too many of.  The power of the screen is visualization, which I don't see them emphasizing enough.Yes, I understand your point and I can see merit in it. Still, as said, I just love the many calm dialog scenes so I can't really complain about that from a personal standpoint.It's also funny how our anecdotal evidences on the show's effectiveness differ. The non-readers you've encountered have obviously been confused, while everyone I've encountered have been absolutely thrilled. Yet more proof of how much we can rely on our environments to tell a grander picture.
57	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-05-10	Because she thinks he tried to murder her son. Not so funny, regardless of height.Anyway, I gave this one a 7. I found it slightly disappointing, although I'd be hard pressed to explain exactly why. I loved episode 3 - I guess I'm in a minority there, but it just seemed to flow better and there was a richness to the dialogue, an authenticity to the acting, that I feel was less apparent in episode 4.I was surprised and put out that LF told Sansa about how the Hound got his scars. I was really looking forward to that scene when he escorts her home from the feast and tells this horrifying story himself...I don't understand why they shifted that to LF  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> seems like a bit of a waste of a really powerful scene. Oh well...On the positive side, NCW is really getting his teeth into Jaime - there's an assuredness there, something simmering. I'm glued to the screen when he's on. KH is really improving as Jon - I wasn't at all impressed by him at the beginning of the series, but he's got it now  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  although I agree with many that it's a shame Ghost isn't around much. The lack of direwolves generally is a real shame. The scene at Winterfell where Robb and Bran receive Tyrion was chilling in the book, as I remember it - Shaggydog half-feral, snarling, Grey Wind taking his cue, the sense of visceral fear. I missed that, although I understand why they couldn't do it for the show, if the dogs have been difficult to work with. We were just left with Robb being a bit rude and Tyrion flouncing off to the brothel  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Liking Sam though. And I quite like the actor who plays Pyp, minor role notwithstanding.From what I recall, the scene between the hound and Sansa shouldn't have taken place yet. It may happen next week (just without him telling her 'how I got these scars').
58	Carldog	2011-05-10	7.5
59	Ran	2011-05-10	Ran,I call it like I see it; as a reader and a viewer, I'm entitled to an opinion.Non sequitur. No one questioned your right to your opinion.In the end, neither your opinion or mine matters. The show doesn't live or die by how much any one person cares for it. It lives or dies by what the general audience (and to a much, much lesser degree, the critics) think. What you consider to be a better show may well be a worse show in the minds of others.So, yeah. Doesn't matter. Words are wind, but viewership and subscriptions are golden.
60	DemiNymph	2011-05-10	I gave a 9. Took off one point as I thought they should show more of the tournament. But then again, I could always watch A Knight's Tale over and over again.
61	Starkess	2011-05-10	I gave a 9. Took off one point as I thought they should show more of the tournament. But then again, I could always watch A Knight's Tale over and over again.I just watched that on Saturday! "It's called a lance, hello!" Love it.
62	thistlepong	2011-05-10	I liked a lot of the episode, but it seemd kind of disjointed and rapid compared to 03.  I'd give it a six mostly cause I expect the better ones are coming.
63	valacirca	2011-05-10	I gave the E04 a 7, placing it ahead of E03, but behind E02 and E01. My biggest gripe about it was that most of it felt like stuff that wasn't in the book, either changed or added. Although interestingly, I thought that overall, the differences in E04 didn't feel as jarring  as E03.My thoughts on E04:- For starters, I loved the treatment they gave to Bran's vision with the crow. The way it was presented in the show was subtle and enigmatic, which I felt was very effective and intriguing. If they had played that straight-up, I'd bet that it would have come across as corny. The following scene with Tyrion and Jon was also well done; excellently condensed and adapted from the book, imo. The portrayal of Hodor was spot on, btw. And Peter Dinklage was awesome as per usual.- Samwell Tarly wasn't quite the way I imagined him to be though. He seems like a mentally unstable/challenged teenager in parts - the type that becomes a serial killer in the future - rather than a gentle, cowardly lad. Didn't like how they made Jon fight 1-on-3 compared to 3-on-3 in the book. Combined with the fight being way too short, it makes Jon look too much like a prodigious super solider. LOL @ Grenn spewing out spit. - The way they portrayed Vaes Dothrak was so beautiful from afar - even better than how I imagined it (doesn't it supposedly have a wall though?) - but again, the shortcoming of set design comes into play again here. So many interior shots (Viserys & Doreah in the tub and Viserys vs Dany in the hut for example) but very little shots to give us an idea of how Vaes Dothrak looks. Doreah's beautiful nudity aside, I thought that hot tub scene with Viserys was nicely done though.- Didn't get the point of the Sansa + Septa Mordane scene. I felt they could have cut that out. But the moment I saw Arya atop the steps on one leg, I immediately had this big dumb grin on my face /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Yeah like that. LOL.- I still feel like Littlefinger comes across as quite a flat, dry and bland portrayal when I imagine he should be one of the more colorful characters. Really disappointed with LF.- I was waiting for the part where they were going to go at Rast in his sleep because I wanted to see Ghost so much... and he was there... and he was ferocious... but the scene was way too fast. A simple, stern "Understand?!" from Jon then a nod of acknowledgement from Rast would have made the scene much better. Also, not seeing Ghost for most of the Wall scenes and then seeing Ghost again felt kind of weird. Anyway... the succeeding scene where the guys would touch Sam was quite amusing and I loved Thorne's parting words.- Ned's conclusion that Gendry is the King's bastard came too quick as well.- That scene with Jaime and Jory: If Jaime was the sly and cunning Lannister that he is, I would have imagined that he would rather have accepted Ned's message for the King from Jory and read it himself instead of sending Jory away with the message undelivered.- Dany vs Viserys was very well played! Great job by both actors and an excellent adaptation/condensation directly from the book.- Not digging the Jon-Sam interaction in general. Not bad, but... idk... can't quite put my finger on it.- Ser Jorah Mormont may possibly be one of the more major characters that I care for the least in the show as of now.- Ser Hugh's death at the hands of Gregor was excellently. Almost exactly how I hoped it would be. Maybe a bit too little build-up of tension, but negligible. It was as brutal, bloody and merciless as I felt. Looking forward to more Gregor in the next episode. But I really really didn't like that they made Littlefinger tell the Hound-and-Mountain story because aside from the fact that I'm not liking LF's portrayal at all, I think it would have been way more effective if they made The Hound tell it himself like it was in the book. I also didn't get why Arya was there with Sansa during the joust. It seemed to be a pointless change from the book.- Cersei and Ned's scene was pretty good. I liked seeing Cersei looking and sounding like a sly and cunning Lannister.- Final scene with Cat and Tyrion was solid as well. Classic Peter Dinklage goodness. Not the best of cliffhangers, but it sets up the next episode perfectly. If done right, E05 could very well be one of the best episodes in the series. The chapters they'll be covering in the book for E05 hold tons of potential for great TV.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 10 May 2011 - 10:24 AM.
64	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	Hello all,Non book reader here and new fan of the show.I will give this episode a 7,and most for the lack of action,or to put it better the lack of action that i wanted to see since i saw the first episode.What got me hooked to this show was the minute i saw the white walkers.Being a Resident Evil fan,i was like : zombies on snow!!??Thats amazing:DNow since then the dialogue has been great,and i love how the explain the story so far,i especially like the story of the wolfs and horse people(im really bad with names).But i really want to see more of the white walkers and i also i did not appreciate the ending scene.I mean why go trough all that trouble with calling on for honor and you go threaten a midget?A funny one at that?Welcome Evil.Bubbles! Would love to hear more about your thoughts in the unspoiler discussion thread. We don't get much more White Walker action this season, but if we get later seasons, I don't think you'll be disappointed. That's all I'm going to say on that for now. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
65	Loras	2011-05-10	I rated this one an 8 - although it would have been an 8.5, I'm rounding down because I think that everything is about to step up a gear in the next episodes and I want to save my 9s and 10s.
This episode finally managed to make all the stories fit into one episode without any of them feeling rushed or disjointed.  It allowed room for breathing space in the plots, particularly at the Wall where we begin to understand what drives Jon Snow and once again he shows a range of emotion rather than sullen and forelorn.  An excellent scene between Sam and Jon while they cleaned the table was slightly ruined by clunky dialogue about Jon's surname, but these two actors have chemistry and the potential for the relationship in future episodes is exciting.
Cogman had a really difficult job with this episode, maybe the most difficult of all the episodes in the first season.  He had to move all of the pieces to a point where the main storylines reach a precipice, so whether that be setting up or developing a conflict (in the case of Jon and Dany) or CSI King's Landing, adding depth to the capital storyline and layers to the players there.  I loved how the conflict between the Hound and the Mountain was set up!  His dialogue was frequently brilliant, his new scene with Theon and Tyrion for example, but sometimes poorly executed, "What is my name?"... but he has done the job of the episode!
Finally we have the scene which pushes the pieces off the precipice.  Michelle Fairley really acted the hell out of that scene, I am loving what she is doing with Catelyn!  Roll on the next episode, hopefully Fairley and Dinklage duking it out will be the major thread of the episode!
66	valacirca	2011-05-10	Instead, they are sticking so closely to the book that they are falling into the trap of telling us what happens/happened instead of showing us.I totally disagree with this. Like I previously said, my biggest gripe about E04 is that most of it felt like stuff that wasn't in the book, either changed or added. There should be more faithfulness to the source material than modifications to it to fit the medium, imo. For the most part, the boring and jarring parts I've encountered so far in the series have stemmed from the liberties that have been taken with the story (although there isn't anything too major and there are welcome additions that were nicely done).
67	Xenophon	2011-05-10	Hmm, this was an odd one for me.  I liked all the individual scenes, but I felt they didn't fit together into a whole, and the episode as a whole left me fairly cold.  
IMO, all the previous episodes packed a serious emotional punch because the various storylines complemented each other so well.  I didn't get that here.  Each bit was good, but they didn't seem to build on each other.  Other than a slight thematic connection between Bran and Sam's stories, I didn't feel like the various scenes commented on each other in the way that Dany's marriage reflected on Cersei's in ep 1, or Ned/Arya reflected on Cersei/Joffrey in ep. 3.  
Overall, though, it was engrossing and they did a good job of setting future action up, while still keeping things interesting in this episode.  So I'm giving it a 7.  My rankings for the season are now: 7/8/8/7
Edit:  Interesting, I seem to be decidedly in the minority, comparing the poll results from last week to this week.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 10 May 2011 - 11:23 AM.
68	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	Oddly enough, despite this easily being my favorite episode of the four so far, it has been the most difficult to re-watch because of how long the Viserys and Jon/Sam scenes are. Pretty dull after you've seen it once.
69	valacirca	2011-05-10	I really loved Viserys' scenes with Doreah and Dany. Watched them twice already and didn't get old.
Can't say the same for the Jon/Sam scenes though.
70	Abaddon	2011-05-10	Looking at the ratings, in which the lowest episode ranking (when adjusted for outliers) is close to an 8, it's pretty clear to me there's some inflation.  Look at how many people, in their reviews each week, write "best episode ever".  I'm enjoying this show, I think it's great - but it's not as great as it could be, for obvious reasons.  Most of my friends who're watching the show as non-readers are confused and disillusioned.  As fans, I think we should be most critical of the show; by handing out high praise in light of the show's shortcomings, I feel we're undermining its potential.Looking at the ratings, in which every episode has a handful of people rating them a one or a two, it's pretty clear to me that there is some ranking deflation.  Right?  And if you're going to look at the "best episode ever" posts you need to note that most of those folks do NOT think every episode is "best ever" but actually have episodes they like more than others.  For example, I rated the episodes so far an 8, a 9, a 6, and a 9.  OBVIOUSLY these ratings are subjective.  There are folks who posted their ratings and gave Ep3 a 9 or 10 and gave Ep4 a 7, which is the complete opposite of my reaction.  Because, you know, these are subjective opinions.But you are telling me my ratings (by proxy, since you are speaking to the group) are "inflated".  That's insulting, and what in fact you are really saying is "I don't think it's as good as the consensus here".  WHICH IS FINE.  But by saying the ratings are "inflated", you're also effectively stating that you somehow have a truer measure as to the absolute worth of the adaptation, where other people's are biased, again, away from some sort of absolute truth to which you alone are privy.  Which is a little pompous, and again, insulting.As for "most of my friends who are non-readers are confused and disillusioned" that isn't my experience at all.  So, your mileage may vary.  Extrapolating one small sample size (yours or mine) to the whole is not statistically sound.Just my $0.02 and change.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 10 May 2011 - 02:15 PM.
71	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	Agreed @ Abaddon. 
Between friends watching who I know who aren't readers, as well as professional critics and online non-reader reviewers I'm following, I am not hearing or reading about things being confusing at all. To a reader, we assume it must be confusing, but people keep forgetting that the non-readers do not know what is not there. They can't be confused over missing information they don't know exists. They aren't confused over Robert's sister, or the Kingsguard, or the Hound, like people keep assuming -- because they don't know they should care yet. The information is being handled fine.
As far as disillusioned goes, they're supposed to be. AGOT is essentially a medieval "who dun it," even moreso in the show. People are trying to guess all sorts of mysteries, and being misled is part of the fun.
72	Songlian	2011-05-10	Standing in line with the people who thought it was the best episode so far. I gave it an 8, because I think they can do even better than this. 
Loved the scenes with Viserys and Doreah, Jon and Sam, Cat and Tyrion, and the short dialogue between Jaime and Jory outside Robert's bedroom. 
Didn't quite like the scene between Viserys and Dany -- found it a bit rushed, and the one featuring Ghost -- looked clumsy somehow, but still glad to see more of the direwolves. Everything else I really liked.
73	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	I gave it a 7 - the only things that brings it down for me was Littlefinger getting to do the Hounds story and, probably number one on my dislike scale would be the bathtub scene. It wasn't the info dump that bothers me it was just I didn't particularly like the scene all that much.
74	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-11	Looking at the ratings, in which every episode has a handful of people rating them a one or a two, it's pretty clear to me that there is some ranking deflation.  Right?  And if you're going to look at the "best episode ever" posts you need to note that most of those folks do NOT think every episode is "best ever" but actually have episodes they like more than others.  For example, I rated the episodes so far an 8, a 9, a 6, and a 9.  OBVIOUSLY these ratings are subjective.  There are folks who posted their ratings and gave Ep3 a 9 or 10 and gave Ep4 a 7, which is the complete opposite of my reaction.  Because, you know, these are subjective opinions.But you are telling me my ratings (by proxy, since you are speaking to the group) are "inflated".  That's insulting, and what in fact you are really saying is "I don't think it's as good as the consensus here".  WHICH IS FINE.  But by saying the ratings are "inflated", you're also effectively stating that you somehow have a truer measure as to the absolute worth of the adaptation, where other people's are biased, again, away from some sort of absolute truth to which you alone are privy.  Which is a little pompous, and again, insulting.As for "most of my friends who are non-readers are confused and disillusioned" that isn't my experience at all.  So, your mileage may vary.  Extrapolating one small sample size (yours or mine) to the whole is not statistically sound.Just my $0.02 and change.My intent wasn't to be insulting, and I apologize for doing so.  By "inflated", what I mean, I suppose, is that being fans of the books, we're inclined to love this series and view it with starry eyes, no matter what.  I know I am.  Personally, I love ASoIaF and generally think GRRM and D&D can do no wrong; but I think it would be ultimately detrimental to the series for us to indulge ourselves while not considering the wider audience, from which the show draws its subsistence.  When Season 2 was greenlit, I breathed a huge sigh of relief and basically thought to myself "I can enjoy this show and not worry about what the non-readers and non-fantasy fans think; they don't matter anymore."   In press releases leading up to the show, GRRM and the producers continuously voiced concerns over attracting viewership outside of the readership.  Bearing that in mind, I've tried to (i) enjoy each episode for my own sake while watching it, and (ii) later evaluate it from a more objective view.  In giving my honest opinion of each episode, I'm trying to separate myself from my biases that I hold as a fan.
75	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	I totally disagree with this. Like I previously said, my biggest gripe about E04 is that most of it felt like stuff that wasn't in the book, either changed or added. There should be more faithfulness to the source material than modifications to it to fit the medium, imo. For the most part, the boring and jarring parts I've encountered so far in the series have stemmed from the liberties that have been taken with the story (although there isn't anything too major and there are welcome additions that were nicely done).Im reading book 1 again and Im impressed that so few stuff happens in each episode. Most of the information on the chapters is about memories, thoughts, perceptions and dialogue. For example, in the book Ned and Robert barely see or talk to each other. I believe they dont even meet each other in the book in fact before RobertÂ´s death besides the scene where Ned retires as Hand.. They have to create scenes to build up the tension and the animosity between characters. Its hard to portray thoughts in a TV setting. Even the aditional scenes between Ned and the Lannisters are done to create conflict and build up tension for what we know is going to happen.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 11 May 2011 - 05:11 AM.
76	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	My intent wasn't to be insulting, and I apologize for doing so.  By "inflated", what I mean, I suppose, is that being fans of the books, we're inclined to love this series and view it with starry eyes, no matter what.  I know I am.  Personally, I love ASoIaF and generally think GRRM and D&D can do no wrong; but I think it would be ultimately detrimental to the series for us to indulge ourselves while not considering the wider audience, from which the show draws its subsistence.  When Season 2 was greenlit, I breathed a huge sigh of relief and basically thought to myself "I can enjoy this show and not worry about what the non-readers and non-fantasy fans think; they don't matter anymore."   In press releases leading up to the show, GRRM and the producers continuously voiced concerns over attracting viewership outside of the readership.  Bearing that in mind, I've tried to (i) enjoy each episode for my own sake while watching it, and (ii) later evaluate it from a more objective view.  In giving my honest opinion of each episode, I'm trying to separate myself from my biases that I hold as a fan.I think it goes in both directions. I don't disagree that many fans of the books enjoy things in the series easier but I also think that many book fans complain a lot more than a non-reader would. This is of course not limited to ASOAIF fans but rather the common thing with nerd culture where nit-picking is staple goods.I also think that we here on the board haven't been too good at anticipating how non-readers will react to the show, judging from what's been written and how it often is contradicted when we hear non-readers voice their own opinions (although we don't have anywhere near enough data to draw ny broader conclusions). Since we're basically just guessing, I don't know if we're more suited to that than the creators of the show who have experience in this, and have done test screenings. I think the best critique we can give is what we feel ourselves, which will definitely be true. I'm not saying that we can't speculate on the non-readers but just be aware that the most important info about them will come from their own mouths.
77	valacirca	2011-05-11	^ +1. I can't emphasize enough how much I agree with this post, but I do. A LOT.Im reading book 1 again and Im impressed that so few stuff happens in each episode. Most of the information on the chapters is about memories, thoughts, perceptions and dialogue. For example, in the book Ned and Robert barely see or talk to each other. I believe they dont even meet each other in the book in fact before RobertÂ´s death besides the scene where Ned retires as Hand.. Around the chapters in the book that the first four episodes have covered, Ned and Robert have interacted a couple of times. Off the top of my head:- in Winterfell when Robert first visits- that conversation that included the part where Robert asks Ned about Jon's mother- when Arya is found after that scuffle with JoffIn the next episode I believe there should be at least two scenes with Ned-Robert exchanges:- when Ned talks Robert out of joining the melee- when they disagree about killing Dany after learning she's preggersThey have to create scenes to build up the tension and the animosity between characters. Its hard to portray thoughts in a TV setting. Even the aditional scenes between Ned and the Lannisters are done to create conflict and build up tension for what we know is going to happen.I've figured it out! They should just use voice overs to communicate the thoughts of the characters! 
	Spoiler LOL. Just kidding of course /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />

					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 11 May 2011 - 05:46 AM.
78	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	Actually when I imagined the TV series I thought that they would at least have some thoughs portrayed as voice overs in some scenes, but Ive hardly seen it in TV anywhere.
The general population barely think, so I guess they would have a hard time looking at characters with their mouths closed while their voices speak something. Hell, it works in Sex and the City, I dont know how it couldnt work in GoT LOL  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
79	Abaddon	2011-05-11	My intent wasn't to be insulting, and I apologize for doing so.  By "inflated", what I mean, I suppose, is that being fans of the books, we're inclined to love this series and view it with starry eyes, no matter what.  I know I am.  Personally, I love ASoIaF and generally think GRRM and D&D can do no wrong; but I think it would be ultimately detrimental to the series for us to indulge ourselves while not considering the wider audience, from which the show draws its subsistence.That's absolutely fair.  I think Ran's previous response, which gives several concrete examples that for the critics at least this doesn't seem to be the case, is very germane to this concern.  In fact, I would say that there are some critics who are fans of the books (Mo Ryan, most notably) who are more critical of the series than the average non-reader critic seems to be.  In general, again from the critical response, it seems like on average the non-readers are just as hooked as the readers are.Regarding the "average" fan (not a critic), I know your own personal experience is that the non-readers are struggling.  I can only say that I think this varies widely and that based on the non-reader forums out there as well as my own personal experience, there are a ton of non-readers that are very engaged.  Based on the continuing "good" (subjective) ratings and the fact that the audience seems to be sticking around, I think the show response is at this time strong enough to suggest the series can go longer than two seasons.  Personally, I am very curious what happens when 
	Spoiler Ned gets the axe
 as I suspect that will turn some people off.  But I think even those turned off will be compelled to see the first season out, and it ends with such a bang that I can't imagine people who watched it all the way through bailing on the second season.Anyway, thanks for the thoughtful reply, I do understand where you are coming from, but I think there is ample evidence to suggest that for those non-readers that are not having the show click for them, there are many more that are.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 11 May 2011 - 10:54 AM.
80	The Fenris Wolf	2011-05-11	Actually when I imagined the TV series I thought that they would at least have some thoughs portrayed as voice overs in some scenes, but Ive hardly seen it in TV anywhere.The general population barely think, so I guess they would have a hard time looking at characters with their mouths closed while their voices speak something. Hell, it works in Sex and the City, I dont know how it couldnt work in GoT LOL  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Are you serious?  I think that's completely untrue.  You could say that taking the *entire* TV population as a group (nearly impossible), most of them don't watch TV to be intellectually challenged, and I'd agree.  See the ratings for shows like Dancing with the Stars and American Idol as proof.  That being said, your average HBO mini-series viewer is a whole different animal.  Shows like Rome, The Sopranos, and especially Deadwood were complex, exciting, edgy, and had a rabid and (most importantly) LARGE fan base.I watch this series with my wife (non-reader) and discuss it with some guys at work (some readers, some non-readers).  I can say, based on my own limited observations, that the ratings and comments on this board are generally inflated over that of the general population.  Again, based on my own experience, so if it's different with you don't get yourself twisted into knots.  Most of them are commenting on things like acting, dialogue, the looks of the characters, and whether there is any T&A or action.  They don't care if Littlefinger tells the story of the Hound or if the Hound does it himself, exposition is still exposition.  And it's boring, generally.  Imagine watching another series, like Deadwood, and instead of seeing the fight between Bullock and the indian out in the wilds, you are told about it.  Even worse, told about it by someone NOT BULLOCK, having a conversation with someone else.  How interesting is that?My biggest fear with this series is that it will go the route of shows like Jericho or Firefly.  A couple of seasons, and then it will just fade away.
81	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-11	I don't think voice-overs would suit the TV series - the books aren't written in a first-person perspective, and so much of their richness depends on subtle observation (as Syrio would say, using your eyes) than on explicit acknowledgment.
I've been as much a critic as anyone on this forum re: lack of action and overabundance of dialogue.  Frankly, I'm reminded of how slow the books were to grow on me; I wasn't a dedicated page-turner until about page 300 of AGoT.  But I trusted GRRM and I'm glad I did, so I'll trust D&D.  Looking ahead, it's perfectly possible that the show is about to change gears completely and go to all action, little dialogue.  From the preview of Ep 5 alone, it's clear we're in for (i) Cat & Co v. Mountain Tribes (ii) Ned & Bodyguard v. Jaime & Lannisters, and (iii) Sandor v. Gregor.  I'd prefer they strive for balance, but I'm yearning to see swords clash.
	Spoiler  *As for Ned's execution - there was a poll done (can't remember the article exactly) showing that, amongst fans, it is the most anticipated moment of season 1 (the Dragons' birth was #2, Viserys' crowning was #3).  I think it will actually go over very well with non-readers and attract a larger fanbase.  Ned dying in Book 1 was the definitive moment of the series - its tone and flavor were clearly asserted as GRRM established that nobody is safe, and this isn't a fairy-tale fantasy by any means.  It's going to intrigue a lot of people, especially with Bean's casting and top-billing receiving such universal praise.
I'm curious if they'll go for a big name actor for Stannis/Davos in Season 2 to be the emotional core of the show.  My hunch is "no", because that's not how the books are written, but having a central character to follow adds structure, and adding a top actor would garner a lot of publicity....time will tell.* 

					
					
							Edited by John (Snow) Doe, 11 May 2011 - 04:16 PM.
82	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-11	ps - if somebody would please direct me of how to use the "spoiler protection", I'd be much obliged.  Or is that option only available to moderators?
83	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	ps - if somebody would please direct me of how to use the "spoiler protection", I'd be much obliged.  Or is that option only available to moderators?Spoilers are written like this: [spoiler] *text* [/spoiler]
84	Whitering	2011-05-11	Well, I just got around to watching it. I gave it a 5 being, what I would consider, and average show. I don't understand the moves the directors are making. Why is Littlefinger telling Sansa about the Hound instead of the Hound himself? Do they mean to minimize that relationship while pushing Littlefinger and Sansa? I guess landscape and ease of shooting changed the Dothraki into nomads who wander through verdant lands. Okay.
Dany's storyline kind of jerks along, jumping from lily pad to lily pad, whereas the books have a much smoother character progression. Sam and Jon talking about girls? Why?
All in all, pretty average. That's how I've felt about the whole series so far. If I wasn't a gigantic geek fan of the books I likely would have dropped it already. I watch it now more just to see how they are going to mess about with the books I love so much. It was like this with the Lord of the Rings movies for me. I liked Fellowship, I could understand the changes they made, and why they made them. The second movie lost me though, I couldn't see any reason for the changes they made, while there were no Ewoks running around, it still turned me off and I never watched Return of the King.
There have been no gigantic changes yet, but these little ones that just keep nibbling at me.
85	Elrick	2011-05-11	I have to say that I'm amazed with the acting in this show. The woman that plays Catelyn is a terrific actress and so far I'm enjoying this series very much although they'll never be as good as the books I feel that they capture everything perfectly.
86	Black Sheep	2011-05-12	If I wasn't a gigantic geek fan of the books I likely would have dropped it already loved it much more.
87	valacirca	2011-05-12	Why is Littlefinger telling Sansa about the Hound instead of the Hound himself?This. So disappointed with this.Dany's storyline kind of jerks along, jumping from lily pad to lily pad, whereas the books have a much smoother character progression.I'd have to disagree. Dany's storyline kind of jerks along in the first half of the book as well. For every 10 or so chapters of the Stark storyline, we get one Dany chapter, which is a bit jarring and disjointed and that translates to what we get from the TV show.I mean: Dany I is the setup to her story... and then Dany II is the wedding already... and then Dany III suddenly shifts to the Dothraki lands and she's pregnant... and then Dany IV is the events in Vaes Dothrak. That's a ton of progression to cram into four book chapters, which refects on how it's portrayed on TV.Actually, I feel like the TV show actually handles the initial disjointedness of the Dany storyline very well by adding Dany-storyline scenes and moving her chapters up so that her storyline moves in every episode. Because if they didn't move her chapters up, there shouldn't have been any Dany in E04.Sam and Jon talking about girls? Why?+1 - I did not dig that as well.The woman that plays Catelyn is a terrific actressYup, she's good... but not in the way I imagined Catelyn would be from the book. Having said that, I've warmed up to her portrayal of Cat. Can't say the same about Littlefinger.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 12 May 2011 - 03:10 AM.
88	Ninepenny King	2011-05-12	not to compare books to shows but....the hands tourney was a major major tool in the book for introducing many characters and establishing gregor as ax crazy- Baelishs little story to sansa does not do the justice that gregor lopping that horses head off then going after loras would have done.. How Epic would the show have been if we Saw gregor Lopp the head off..the show woulda been a 10! i give this episode a 5. I have seen reviews from people online that dont even mention gregor after the episode.... because the little story is not as effective as the visual..it would took 3 mins...yet they gave us a bathtub scene...for the sole purpose of skin that went on and on.... Gregor chopping the horses head off would been the ULTIMATE Scene and had peopel talking at the water coolers....and they would all be saying Gregors freaking crazy
89	Ninepenny King	2011-05-12	2They seem to have held the Hands tourney at my local renaissance fair. That was pretty bad and disappointing as I was looking forward to this part of the series since the beginning.i agree it was vastly m,ore epic in the book and what we got was  i dont know.... something like u said at a small renisance fair and no sandor winning 40000 dragons
90	Davieboy	2011-05-12	I found this the weakest of the eps. so far - did not like Sam much - perhaps he'll grow on me. The conversation about girls with Jon was pretty awful I thought. Also stiil underwhelmed by Littlefinger - Aiden Gillen was my choice from way back, but so far something (Carcetti?) seems missing.... Varys seems prety much OK, but in my head I'm listening for the Roy Dotrice voice.
Bath scene was meh, though I think Viserys and Dany are excellent.
Good things - The Mountain of course, plus Eddard, Cat and Tyrion all fab as usual.
Great things - Arya, the star of the series so far, and Hodor - perfect!
As I say, the weakest so far, a 6 for me, but I still loved it and it's a 10 compared to anything else. My pal is over from Australia and I can't wait to sit him down to watch all the eps so far... I've force-fed this series to quite a few people and it seems to be all positive, with many of them proposing to pick up the subsequent books once this season is played out. Best thing is that my wife is hooked after hearing me witter on about ASoIaF for years!
91	valacirca	2011-05-12	not to compare books to shows but....the hands tourney was a major major tool in the book for introducing many characters and establishing gregor as ax crazy- Baelishs little story to sansa does not do the justice that gregor lopping that horses head off then going after loras would have done.. How Epic would the show have been if we Saw gregor Lopp the head off..the show woulda been a 10! i give this episode a 5. I have seen reviews from people online that dont even mention gregor after the episode.... because the little story is not as effective as the visual..it would took 3 mins...yet they gave us a bathtub scene...for the sole purpose of skin that went on and on.... Gregor chopping the horses head off would been the ULTIMATE Scene and had peopel talking at the water coolers....and they would all be saying Gregors freaking crazyThat part where Gregor beheads the horse and goes crazy is still coming up in the next episode - E05. They just showed the first part of the tournament in E04.I also don't understand the backlash against the bathtub scene. I've seen a number of people criticizing that already and I thought that (skin aside) that was one of the better scenes in that episode. That was really good dialogue and chemistry between Doreah and Viserys, plus it was shot/framed well and I could take some pretty screencaps from it.
92	Bronn Stone	2011-05-12	not to compare books to shows but....the hands tourney was a major major tool in the book for introducing many characters and establishing gregor as ax crazy- Baelishs little story to sansa does not do the justice that gregor lopping that horses head off then going after loras would have done.. How Epic would the show have been if we Saw gregor Lopp the head off..the show woulda been a 10! i give this episode a 5. I have seen reviews from people online that dont even mention gregor after the episode.... because the little story is not as effective as the visual..it would took 3 mins...yet they gave us a bathtub scene...for the sole purpose of skin that went on and on.... Gregor chopping the horses head off would been the ULTIMATE Scene and had peopel talking at the water coolers....and they would all be saying Gregors freaking crazyIn the books, the tournament takes place over two days.  In the adaptation, the tournament crosses two episodes.  I kinda wish that HBO-GO had set #5 as their insta-watch.  Because a lot of the action payoff from Ep. 4 is coming in #5.
93	Elrick	2011-05-12	I'm not surprised to see a lot people some what disapointed on here... As most seem to be fans of the books I can understand that completely. I was a little disapointed in Littlefinger giving the information about the Hound's facial wound but then again I've been completely disapointed at the actor who portrays the hound. Someone could have done a way better job and so far he doesn't act nearly angry enough. I feel like the actor is missing a crucial part to what made the hound well the hound.
Either way everything else seems to be going well for me. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
94	RAddichio	2011-05-12	Game of Thrones in general is lightyears in quality ahead of almost everything else available on TV.  Starz new series 'Camelot' is another quality show, although admittedly Arthur's ancient legend has a difficult time competing with eloquent imps, talking ravens and the seven gods of Westeros.  Still, having a new episode each week, for two brilliant series, is a dream come true.  Tried The Borgias for 3eps and the interminable poisoning horrors, without any other redemptive qualities, triggered cancellation of our new SHO subscription.  HBO's however will remain intact to the very last moment of GoT.
Isn't our individual ratings of each episode afterall a very subjective thing?  Someone earlier said they found the throne room dialogue between Ned and Jaime to be boring, while I found it one of the most stunning scenes so far - both visually and emotionally.  The Jaime character's rationalization for his king slaying was clearly revealed with the actor's intense delivery of the line "It felt like justice to me!"  During that particular scene, the stunningly designed throne room itself helped give non-readers a tantalizing taste of Martin's richly described world of Westeros.
95	valacirca	2011-05-12	I don't think The Hound has been given enough chances yet or enough material to work with to bring the character fully to the TV show, but in the few times we've seen him, I think he has the look down to a pat. And his "anger" is not the outward type like his brother; it's more of the bubbling under type that I think is depicted very well so far.
96	Abaddon	2011-05-12	I kinda wish that HBO-GO had set #5 as their insta-watch.  Because a lot of the action payoff from Ep. 4 is coming in #5.Don't forget nobody has seen Ep7 yet.  The same cannot be said of Ep1-6.  I have a hunch that might be a factor here as well.
97	The Fenris Wolf	2011-05-12	Game of Thrones in general is lightyears in quality ahead of almost everything else available on TV.  Starz new series 'Camelot' is another quality show, although admittedly Arthur's ancient legend has a difficult time competing with eloquent imps, talking ravens and the seven gods of Westeros.  Still, having a new episode each week, for two brilliant series, is a dream come true.  Tried The Borgias for 3eps and the interminable poisoning horrors, without any other redemptive qualities, triggered cancellation of our new SHO subscription.  HBO's however will remain intact to the very last moment of GoT.Isn't our individual ratings of each episode afterall a very subjective thing?  Someone earlier said they found the throne room dialogue between Ned and Jaime to be boring, while I found it one of the most stunning scenes so far - both visually and emotionally.  The Jaime character's rationalization for his king slaying was clearly revealed with the actor's intense delivery of the line "It felt like justice to me!"  During that particular scene, the stunningly designed throne room itself helped give non-readers a tantalizing taste of Martin's richly described world of Westeros.Yep, you make some really good points here.  This show is indeed light-years ahead of most other shows on TV, and that's not just a slam against the general quality of television shows.  It is (IMHO) a phenomenal show so far.  I think what is frustrating folks is a combination of changes to their own favorite scenes (which I'm guilty of), and the fact that some very minor and easy changes would bring some scenes from meh to WTF awesome.
					
					
							Edited by The Fenris Wolf, 12 May 2011 - 01:56 PM.
98	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-12	not to compare books to shows but....the hands tourney was a major major tool in the book for introducing many characters and establishing gregor as ax crazy- Baelishs little story to sansa does not do the justice that gregor lopping that horses head off then going after loras would have done.. How Epic would the show have been if we Saw gregor Lopp the head off..the show woulda been a 10! i give this episode a 5. I have seen reviews from people online that dont even mention gregor after the episode.... because the little story is not as effective as the visual..it would took 3 mins...yet they gave us a bathtub scene...for the sole purpose of skin that went on and on.... Gregor chopping the horses head off would been the ULTIMATE Scene and had peopel talking at the water coolers....and they would all be saying Gregors freaking crazyAFAIK the tourney has not ended yet.
99	McGinnis	2011-05-12	Voted 9. I think they handled most of the episode extremely well. "Stuff is finally starting to happen," to quote one of my non-reader friends (all of whom love the show more with each episode - in fact, one of them is considering the books because of it).
I loved the way Dany threatened Viserys after he attacked her. I might be misremembering, but she didn't do that in the book, did she? I really should know this since I've already read it 3 times, but oh well.
Loving Kit Harington as Jon Snow, but then again I thought he was perfect pretty much from the first episode. I didn't care too much for the Viserys + Doreah bathtub scene, but I did like how Viserys's mood suddenly changed at the end of it. Really shows his character in a way the books didn't. I was afraid it was just going to be a gratuitous sex scene between them, but then the scene redeemed itself. Could have been a bit shorter, though.
They also established Thorne as a prick, but he does kind of speak the truth. Liking Sam so far, but I'll have to see how they handle him in season 2-3 when he starts to play a more important part. Was nice to finally see some of Ghost this time around. They should have at least shown him walking next to Jon in episode 3.
I thought the pacing was very good as well this time around, though I still think the show would have been much better with those extra 2 episodes GRRM wanted.
I found Littlefinger telling Sansa the Hound's backstory with Gregor a little weird, and I'd have preferred if Sandor actually told that story himself. However, knowing about LF's interest in Sansa with regards to the later books, I do think that this kind of has its place, too. I'm not all that bothered by it.
100	Noir Dove	2011-05-12	I can definitely understand where some 96'ers (my own dub for "from the beginning" fans) Would be upset by some of the changes. Investing over a decade into a fandom is quite a long time, especially when the series is not yet complete! But I think we have to understand the difference in medium. Books cannot be translated directly from page to screen. Time, money, and many more things are a factor here. Being a newcomer to the series (yes yes, I know that makes me a newb AND a summer solider. I accept and embrace it /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) I can say how much I love and am enthralled by this amazing world.
That being said, I understand the frustration that favorite scene have been changed, moved, or are nonexistent. And I can only hope those frustrations and "meh" moments slowly fade.
I really liked how RAddichio put it. Some scenes will be boring to some and mind blowing to others. But that is the beauty of art. It can be interpreted in many different ways. Then we can discuss those ways in awesome places like this /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
101	Bronn Stone	2011-05-12	I loved the way Dany threatened Viserys after he attacked her. I might be misremembering, but she didn't do that in the book, did she? I really should know this since I've already read it 3 times, but oh well.straight from the books - From AGOT   His fingers dug into her arm painfully and for an instant Dany felt like a child again, quailing in the face of his rage. She reached out with her other hand and grabbed the first thing she touched, the belt sheÂ<U+0092>d hoped to give him, a heavy chain of ornate bronze medallions. She swung it with all her strength.   It caught him full in the face. Viserys let go of her. Blood ran down his cheek where the edge of one of the medallions had sliced it open. Â<U+0093>You are the one who forgets himself,Â<U+0094> Dany said to him. Â<U+0093>DidnÂ<U+0092>t you learn anything that day in the grass?...
102	End of Disc One	2011-05-12	I seriously can not understand why so many people think that's all we'll get of the tournament.  Not just on this site, but ever site I've been to.  There was nothing at all to indicate that the tournament was over.
103	Daenerys	2011-05-13	I seriously can not understand why so many people think that's all we'll get of the tournament.  Not just on this site, but ever site I've been to.  There was nothing at all to indicate that the tournament was over.I think part of the problem is they made it feel so small. They didn't make a big deal about starting it, so perhaps it ends just as quietly? Anyway, it's not worth worrying about as it will soon be made clear that there is more to come.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 13 May 2011 - 06:09 PM.
104	Lady Midnight	2011-05-13	I gave it an 8. There were some good scenes, however I felt that the nudity was somewhat pointless and I have children watching. Sorry if that makes me a prude. On that note I liked the bit where Jon Snow is talking with Sam about that sort of thing. It is rare to have a character on a TV show actually being seen to care about things like this these days.
105	Bronn Stone	2011-05-13	I have children watching.Yipes.  Just yipes.  No more.
106	iheartseverus	2011-05-13	I gave it an 8. There were some good scenes, however I felt that the nudity was somewhat pointless and I have children watching. Sorry if that makes me a prude. On that note I liked the bit where Jon Snow is talking with Sam about that sort of thing. It is rare to have a character on a TV show actually being seen to care about things like this these days.Welcome!  (I just welcomed you at the new reader thread, too...)  Just a suggestion--you have children watching this series?  I'd suggest that unless they're teens, this isn't going to be the show for for kids.  Some very brutal, very graphic stuff is coming.Anyway, welcome to the board!
107	Abaddon	2011-05-14	I gave it an 8. There were some good scenes, however I felt that the nudity was somewhat pointless and I have children watching. Sorry if that makes me a prude.I'd be more worried about my son seeing the the Ser Hugh scene than the rather minor nudity (slightly more the simulated sex than the nudity itself).  But he's (almost) 6, so I figure I've got another 6 years or so before I can even begin to contemplate watching the show with him anyway.
108	The Oncoming Storm	2011-06-29	The "LF telling Sansa the Hound's story" ruined this one for me, sorry. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />THIS. How DARE they?Sandor should kill Littlefinger.
109	Chelly	2012-01-31	This was a good episode. It was nice to finally see Dany lay the smackdown on Viserys. I cheered for her.
110	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-02-03	I think the ambush scene on the way to the Eyrie was my favourite combat scene in the entire first season. Established Bronn as a bad mother hubbard.
111	Rhogantis	2013-05-21	I rated a 9, the ending scene is still, for me... one of the best.
112	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-10	Closed the last thread due to length. Do continue, but please remember to keep the discussion civil.
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 10 May 2011 - 08:23 PM.
113	Jem	2011-05-10	Having just finished reading the last 8 or so pages of the thread, I have to wonder if there's any benefit people get in coming to this forum, or seeing the show. I think the point of reading a book, or watching a TV show is trying to get immersed in the story, the characters, and to enjoy the tale told to you. People seem to be purposefully trying to see the show not to be entertained, or accept it as a story, but to be TV and movie critics. Not watching what Jon, or Dany, or Robert are doing, but how their actors are acting as them, not watching Kings Landing or the Wall, or Winterfell, but how the various sets look like these places. Why can you not see the show for what its trying to tell - the story of Westeros and the great families in it - but instead are obsessed with seeing it with what it actually objectively is - a 21st century tv production that's there to criticize and technically analyse. Are you enjoying yourselves? I had things I didn't like as well when I saw the first episode, but I have stopped caring, and just accept what I see as how the story is, and don't try to analyze the show as filmed TV.I guess we just have different viewing styles. I disect and discuss pretty much every movie, TV show and book I watch/read. Even in shows/books I really, really love (like this one) there are still questions/comments/criticisms that I have and that I like to discuss with like-minded people. For me criticising a book or show is every bit as enjoyable as reading/watching. The "de-brief" for me is very important. It is about being engaged with the text, thinking and questioning it, not just accepting what is being put in front of you. I don't think that being an audience member is a passive thing to do, it is a two way street, and personally I think we do the creators of this show a great justice by our frank and spirited critique - it show that we care and that we are paying attention.
114	iheartseverus	2011-05-10	Closed the last thread due to length. Do continue, but please remember to keep the discussion civil.Nothing really to add here, just thought I'd bring the new thread to life.  The Enforcer with the Xray eyes seems to have scared everybody away.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
115	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-05-10	On my re-watch in HD, Hodor looked younger than I'd thought at first.  I'm not quite as concerned about that as much as I had been.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
The establishing shot of the tourney had a pretty large crowd in it.  The closeups didn't match up quite as well as they could've, but it wasn't as bad as I'd thought on my first watch.  
Oddly, I felt this episode lacked Drogo!  Hehe.  I wanted to see the two of them together and Dany's confidence growing at the same time. 
I said this earlier, but the exposition dump was necessary, it had to come now before the plot started accelerating.
116	Huan	2011-05-10	This episode definitely improves with re-watching. I really enjoyed the scenes at the Wall, and Ser Alliser's character is definitely growing on me. Still not convinced that Littlefinger should have had the Hound's lines, but I'm hoping that it's all to the good of not rushing into revealing the Hound's character. I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of the tournament in the next episode.
117	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-10	This episode definitely improves with re-watching. I really enjoyed the scenes at the Wall, and Ser Alliser's character is definitely growing on me. Still not convinced that Littlefinger should have had the Hound's lines, but I'm hoping that it's all to the good of not rushing into revealing the Hound's character. I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of the tournament in the next episode.The one thing I wonder about is, how did Littlefinger know the story to begin with?  I wonder if they'll explain that.
118	fallingfortruth	2011-05-11	I chalked that up to Littlefinger's watchers, and the fact that he is a creepy mccreeperson who makes it his business to know everyone else's, and then can't keep his mouth shut about it if it will give him an excuse to look down pubescent girl's tops.  Or at least, I kind of figure that that's what the non-book readers will think.
(Which I can't really say is inaccurate...  Was anyone else majorly grossed out when he snuck a peek, or was that just me? Poor Aidan Gillen, he's doing a fantastic job but that has to be at least a little awkward when you're acting against someone who actually IS fourteen, unlike Holliday Granger's 23-playing-14.)
119	VikingLegion	2011-05-11	Well it looks like every reasonable nit has been picked, as well as some true reaches (Jon has a fat face.... really?), so it's time to up the ante:  On my rewatch, I was terribly distracted by the line of spittle hanging between Viserys and Doreah's faces after they broke off from a round of tongue-fencing.  Seriously, it stayed there suspended for a good 4 seconds.
I'm glad another poster mentioned the lack of heraldry.  This is one of the few laments I have of this visual adaptation.  I get the primary reasons listed so far: budget probably first and foremost, and not wanting to make it too cartoony.  Sure, you don't want anyone looking like a Power Ranger out there, but a sigil on a shield or cloak would be nice.  I'd have LOVED to see even a 15 second montage of various "heavies" arriving to the tourney with some entourages.  Much like in ep01 when Sansa is pointing out everyone who arrives at Winterfell, they could simply have LF or someone similar pointing out the various arrivals.  You wouldn't even need to see him, just his voice-over while various well-known knights or clusters of knights ride up to sign in or register or whatever they have to do before it gets underway.  I don't know, maybe that would only be effective for readers of the series, and seen as unecessary clutter for non-readers?
Otherwise, this show is just wowing me more and more every week.  I have a friend who is purposefully not watching a single episode until the season is complete, so he can watch it all at his own pace instead of having to wait a week for the next fix.  Goddam him, I wish I could've done that.
120	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	Not really important, but SansaÂ´s actress really looked beautiful in the tourney scene, while in every other scene before that she looked regular to me.
Many people said she was ugly and other said she was really good looking but she just looked average to me.
121	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	Jon has a fat face. In my opinion of course. Others may think his face looks thin and gaunt. He is much chubbier than I had envisioned reading the books.I hope that last comment is only referring to your view on his face because he has a pretty low body fat percentage as he's pretty well defined muscularly.I don't think that being an audience member is a passive thing to do, it is a two way street, and personally I think we do the creators of this show a great justice by our frank and spirited critique - it show that we care and that we are paying attention.I tend to say the same thing, that an audience member shouldn't be passive. My reasoning is different though. In my opinion the enjoyment of a work of art lies 50% with the creators doing quality work and 50% with the viewer doing everything he can to get immersed into the work and not an outsider. I feel that being too analytical will remove you from where the work is trying to put you so when I try to be analytical I try not to go into that mode until a second viewing.This is not an argument to say that anything you said is wrong, I just felt like mentioning a similar but still different view.
122	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-11	Hands up if you were waiting for the sound of swords being unsheathed at the end of Tyrion's arrest.
123	The Iceman of the North	2011-05-11	The one thing I wonder about is, how did Littlefinger know the story to begin with?  I wonder if they'll explain that.I assume this is a case of an 'open secret'. Rumours about such a grisly event (even by Westeros standards) were bound to slip out.I get the primary reasons listed so far: budget probably first and foremost, and not wanting to make it too cartoony.  Sure, you don't want anyone looking like a Power Ranger out there, but a sigil on a shield or cloak would be nice.Plenty of shields with sigils, but they are often too dark to spot without HD.
124	legba11	2011-05-11	On nitpicking.  People are free to nitpick anything they want (within forum guidelines of course).  Other folks are, of course, equally free to call it nitpicking and make a joke about it.  Meant no offense, just made me think of a funny scene...
For me, I separate source material from what I am currently enjoying.    They are different entities.  The job of the writers and directors of the tv show's job is not to add moving pictures to the books.  Their job is to make an entertaining television show which enough people will watch so they can continue to make them.  If they think it's more entertaining to have Littlefinger tell Sandor's story, than that's what they should do. (for example)  I expect to see serious divergences from the books at some point, and will judge those those differences on their merits as parts of the television show.
125	DurararaFTW	2011-05-11	This has nothing to do with the source material. Lady Stark says she recognises the sigil on the guy's coat. The coat doesn't have a sigil on it. You don't need to read the books to be annoyed by that.
126	The Iceman of the North	2011-05-11	This has nothing to do with the source material. Lady Stark says she recognises the sigil on the guy's coat. The coat doesn't have a sigil on it. You don't need to read the books to be annoyed by that.Well there was a bat on the shield in front of him, but I doubt it was embroidered on the shield.
127	NW Deserter	2011-05-11	Hands up if you were waiting for the sound of swords being unsheathed at the end of Tyrion's arrest./biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />http://bostonpublics...aising hand.jpg
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 11 May 2011 - 07:36 AM.
128	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	This has nothing to do with the source material. Lady Stark says she recognises the sigil on the guy's coat. The coat doesn't have a sigil on it. You don't need to read the books to be annoyed by that.It's hard to be annoyed since we don't even see his coat. The man responding to Cat is not wearing one so it's most likely laid beside him while he eats.
129	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-11	Online Forums are for nitpicking, happy people send greeting cards, flowers and chocolate.Well it looks like every reasonable nit has been picked, as well as some true reaches (Jon has a fat face.... really?), so it's time to up the ante:  On my rewatch, I was terribly distracted by the line of spittle hanging between Viserys and Doreah's faces after they broke off from a round of tongue-fencing.  Seriously, it stayed there suspended for a good 4 seconds.Yes, I saw it the first time (hehe) Dragon spit has long lasting powers, strong like spiderweb!Am wondering if I'm the only person who didn't like the bathtub scene. I have no issue with sex scenes or anything like that, it's just this one was kinda meh. It felt more like an info dump than sexy or naughty, whatever.
130	End of Disc One	2011-05-11	Coat = coat of arms
131	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	Coat = coat of armsProbably not in this case though since she says "embroidered on your coat". Shields are painted.
132	howland_reed	2011-05-11	Am wondering if I'm the only person who didn't like the bathtub scene. I have no issue with sex scenes or anything like that, it's just this one was kinda meh. It felt more like an info dump than sexy or naughty, whatever.I didn't mind it, even if it was an info-dump.  It was an engaging way to get across that information about the dragon skulls, hammer in the point that dragons no longer exist, and flesh out Viserys' character even more than the books ever care to.My only complaint with that scene was it went on a hair too long.  Probably could've dropped out all the name-dropping of past dragons, considering it's not important, and likely confuses non-readers.  I loved the sudden about-turn Viserys had when he believed Doreah was overstepping her bounds as a slave.The Sansa/Mordane scene I thought was completely unnecessary though.  The way they just turned it into a history lesson seemed way too forced, as if the Septa were speaking to the audience, not Sansa.
133	Volderon	2011-05-11	Is it wrong that I like Ser Alliser Thorne? He was bang on about the kids training. He's being a hard-ass for a reason. He was completely right, he's jut getting the boys ready for it.
134	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	Online Forums are for nitpicking, happy people send greeting cards, flowers and chocolate.Yes, I saw it the first time (hehe) Dragon spit has long lasting powers, strong like spiderweb!Am wondering if I'm the only person who didn't like the bathtub scene. I have no issue with sex scenes or anything like that, it's just this one was kinda meh. It felt more like an info dump than sexy or naughty, whatever.Well, looks like a win-win situation for me: you give info for the nerds/fans and flesh for the general population.Some were focusing on the story and others were focusing on amazing boobs.Its like a romantic arc in an action movie.
135	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	Is it wrong that I like Ser Alliser Thorne? He was bang on about the kids training. He's being a hard-ass for a reason. He was completely right, he's jut getting the boys ready for it.He could explain them that before making a kid hit another that is crawling in the ground.His reasons are noble but his method sucks.Anyway, good actor and good acting.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 11 May 2011 - 09:52 AM.
136	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	I didn't mind it, even if it was an info-dump.  It was an engaging way to get across that information about the dragon skulls, hammer in the point that dragons no longer exist, and flesh out Viserys' character even more than the books ever care to.My only complaint with that scene was it went on a hair too long.  Probably could've dropped out all the name-dropping of past dragons, considering it's not important, and likely confuses non-readers.  I loved the sudden about-turn Viserys had when he believed Doreah was overstepping her bounds as a slave.The Sansa/Mordane scene I thought was completely unnecessary though.  The way they just turned it into a history lesson seemed way too forced, as if the Septa were speaking to the audience, not Sansa.You could interpret it as a Septa trying to regain control over her student, or punishment. I mean, Sansa had just told her to shut up.Also show us that Sansa "hates" her father and dont understant his reasons.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 11 May 2011 - 09:58 AM.
137	End of Disc One	2011-05-11	He could explain them that before making a kid hit another that is crawling in the ground.I doubt he gives a shit if the recruits think he's not very nice.I don't condone hitting Sam like that either but I can understand it.  It's nothing compared to the horrors of the winter.
138	legba11	2011-05-11	The actor for Thorne is great, he has made him into a real person as opposed to the generic sadistic high school gym teacher he was in the books.
139	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-11	I liked the Sansa and Septa scene. It does a good job of establishing some back history and showing us some insight into Sansa's thoughts and worries. Showing more of her distrust of her father helps sets up the scene when she goes to Ceresi as well.
140	Huan	2011-05-11	You could interpret it as a Septa trying to regain control over her student, or punishment. I mean, Sansa had just told her to shut up.Also show us that Sansa "hates" her father and dont understant his reasons.I found the "shut up" to Septa Mordane to be extremely jarring. I guess in the show we're not dealing with "a little bird who repeats all the pretty things her septa has taught her," but with a rather insolent teenager. It's hard to imagine Sansa of the books ever telling someone to shut up (well, okay, she would say it to Arya).
141	Abaddon	2011-05-11	The Sansa/Mordane scene I thought was completely unnecessary though.  The way they just turned it into a history lesson seemed way too forced, as if the Septa were speaking to the audience, not Sansa.I actually really liked this scene.  Someone else (forget who, sorry) pointed out that this will help make Sansa's later actions more believable given the older age of the character in the show than in the books.  I would tend to agree.
142	Quoth	2011-05-11	I'm a hatin' that the Khal isn't on screen more, engaged in some sort of badassery. He was one of my favorite characters from the book. Even if maybe only somehow merely in the background. I think we've have very little in the way to have a better sense of that character. I mean I know what's coming, but still...   
Tyrion was portrayed somewhat darker than my recollection of the books. And Jaime more favorable than I recall for that stretch of the story. However, huge props to both actors... hell to everyone who's been on screen ('cept maybe Littlefinger, to date)... for some drop dead fantastic acting.
					
					
							Edited by Quoth, 11 May 2011 - 10:52 AM.
143	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-11	I liked the Sansa and Septa scene. It does a good job of establishing some back history and showing us some insight into Sansa's thoughts and worries. Showing more of her distrust of her father helps sets up the scene when she goes to Ceresi as well.I also liked that scene. I can actually feel sympathy for the Sansa character here, something I never did at this juncture in the book (surprising given that she had POV chapters). My sympathy for Book Sansa came later, towards the end of the first book, but especially in the subsequent ones. For most of AGoT I really didn't like her.
144	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	I found the "shut up" to Septa Mordane to be extremely jarring. I guess in the show we're not dealing with "a little bird who repeats all the pretty things her septa has taught her," but with a rather insolent teenager. It's hard to imagine Sansa of the books ever telling someone to shut up (well, okay, she would say it to Arya).I don't see why Sansa can't be both. People act very differently around their families (and septa Mordane is as close as family as you get for Sansa) than they do towards others. I have no trouble believing that Sansa will be courteous to everyone like she is in the book, other than that she snapped at her septa once. The change is very minor in my eyes.
145	herkles	2011-05-11	I liked the septa/sansa scene. it was important, as it did inform how succession laws are in westros, and that becomes important when joffery dies.
146	legba11	2011-05-11	Khal will get is big moment in episode 6 is my prediction.  Episode 5 is going to have a bunch of action already with the Clegane Bros/ Loras mess and the hill men vs Catelyn and Co.
147	Huan	2011-05-11	Khal will get is big moment in episode 6 is my prediction. Agreed! The title of the episode is "A Golden Crown." Also behind the scenes clips (maybe the Dothraki language featurette?) show him doing a lot of jumping around and shouting, probably in the scene where Dany eats the horse heart. There's a shot of Drogo picking her up, and her face smeared with blood. Edit: the episode description includes "Viserys receives his final payment for Daenerys from Drogo."
							Edited by Huan, 11 May 2011 - 11:32 AM.
148	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-11	I also noticed the Harrenhal and Bracken sigils on the shields. As for the Frey guy, the only thing I can think of is he was wearing a cloak. Maybe it was on there, but WE never see his back... A few other notices on the (who-knows-what-number) re-watch: They finally got around to showing people's breath on the Wall, which makes the cold a little more believable. I like that Arya finally mentions the Kingsguard, but not that it's still not explained. The genealogy book was indeed open to the Baratheon page with the dagger (knife) sitting right on top of it. If you look when they approach Vaes Dothrak, you can see the khalasar stretching all along the road into the distance (in front of Dany and Jorah), so it IS quite a bit bigger than it seems. And a few nice moments: When Jon asks Grenn, "Are you sure you want to do this?" Grenn's matter-of-fact, "No." is priceless. And when the Kingslayer is talking to Jory. Jory: "They like their bloodshed." Jaime: "They quit liking it at the end." All in all, definitely one of my favorite episodes to date. Agree that the tub scene was too long and the tourney scene too short, but that should be remedied on Sunday.
149	busyizzy	2011-05-11	Hi, I'm new! 
I've been reading a lot of the posts on the episodes though (read all the ones on episode 4....). Just wanted to add a few things:
1. While I agree the Viserys bathtub scene went on way too long, I appreciated it in that it shows that Viserys can be charming - much like his father. Remember, he was almost described as bipolar - charming for a time, and then completely mad and psycho. Eventually the psycho portions took over more and more. Viserys to me clearly takes after his father, so it was an interesting to see his "charming" moments too - and then snap at the end. I actually wished he made the snap a little more prononciated - like, slapping her or something a little more extreme than just telling Doreah she is a stupid girl.
2. I actually did not mind that Littlefinger got the Hound's lines. I think it is a nod to what happens in the future, with Littlefinger and Sansa at the Vale. After this, I don't think they interact much at all (but my memory is fuzzy - it's been a while since I read the books), what with Littlefinger trying to appear as disinterested in Sansa as possible. If we ever do get to Season 4 - it'll be nice for nonreaders to go back to Season 1, and see that Littlefinger did take a bit of an unusual vested interest in Sansa. It's nice that while Littlefinger did answer Arya's question and didn't ignore Arya persay, it's clear his attention is all focused on Sansa. 
I do think the Hound will get his due with Sansa - right now, I think they want a little Littlefinger screentime with Sansa before they never talk to each other again till Season 4 lol. I think he did an awesome job being a creeper - I loled so hard at that gif XD I totally agree with what someone said before - he was trying to impress her, and what other story could he tell. He just told her why he was called Littlefinger lol.....
150	IheartTesla	2011-05-11	I'll be honest and say I dont recall the details of the Gregor/Hugh fight from the books, but were Arya and Sansa sitting side by side in it? They must have made up from their little spat. 
You'd think Arya would be underfoot somewhere else and have more fun in the 'commoners' section. In fact, I think that's how the book described it, with Sansa loving every moment of it and Arya being bored. It's all coming back to me now......
151	Huan	2011-05-11	I'll be honest and say I dont recall the details of the Gregor/Hugh fight from the books, but were Arya and Sansa sitting side by side in it? They must have made up from their little spat. You'd think Arya would be underfoot somewhere else and have more fun in the 'commoners' section. In fact, I think that's how the book described it, with Sansa loving every moment of it and Arya being bored. It's all coming back to me now......In the book Arya doesn't attend the tournament at all. Ned brings her to the feast at end of the second day of the tournament and she's all happy because she's been training with Syrio. Sansa is in a good mood too and is polite to Arya. Ned is feeling good after his breakfast chat with the king, and is confident he can handle the Lannisters. This moment is pretty much the high point for the Starks in King's Landing. After that things start to go downhill quickly.
152	Bronn Stone	2011-05-11	Hi, I'm new! Welcome!2. I actually did not mind that Littlefinger got the Hound's lines. I think it is a nod to what happens in the future, with Littlefinger and Sansa at the Vale. After this, I don't think they interact much at all (but my memory is fuzzy - it's been a while since I read the books), what with Littlefinger trying to appear as disinterested in Sansa as possible. If we ever do get to Season 4 - it'll be nice for nonreaders to go back to Season 1, and see that Littlefinger did take a bit of an unusual vested interest in Sansa. It's nice that while Littlefinger did answer Arya's question and didn't ignore Arya persay, it's clear his attention is all focused on Sansa. LF actually approaches her and starts the conversation with a creepy 'you must be her daughter' and a creepier stroke of her hair.When Sansa finally looked up, a man was standing over her, staring. He was short, with a pointed beard and a silver streak in his hair, almost as old as her father. Â<U+0093>You must be one of her daughters,Â<U+0094> he said to her. He had grey-green eyes that did not smile when his mouth did. Â<U+0093>You have the Tully look.Â<U+0094>   Â<U+0093>IÂ<U+0092>m Sansa Stark,Â<U+0094> she said, ill at ease. The man wore a heavy cloak with a fur collar, fastened with a silver mockingbird, and he had the effortless manner of a high lord, but she did not know him. Â<U+0093>I have not had the honor, my lord.Â<U+0094>   Septa Mordane quickly took a hand. Â<U+0093>Sweet child, this is Lord Petyr Baelish, of the kingÂ<U+0092>s small council.Â<U+0094>   Â<U+0093>Your mother was my queen of beauty once,Â<U+0094> the man said quietly. His breath smelled of mint. Â<U+0093>You have her hair.Â<U+0094> His fingers brushed against her cheek as he stroked one auburn lock. Quite abruptly he turned and walked away.
153	bens	2011-05-11	I liked the septa/sansa scene. it was important, as it did inform how succession laws are in westros, and that becomes important when joffery dies.They were wrong about the succession laws, though, or at least different from the books. In the books a lord's daughter would inherit before his brother if he had no sons. (Although the Targaryen succession rules were different.) The line of succession from Robert, if Cersei's children were legitimate, would be: Joffrey, Tommen, Myrcella, Stannis, Shireen, Renly.
					
					
							Edited by bens, 11 May 2011 - 12:41 PM.
154	Jaime L	2011-05-11	This moment is pretty much the high point for the Starks in King's Landing.Fixed for you.The only other reasonable contenders in my mind would be Grey Wind biting off most of GreatJon Umber's Fingers and that one time Benjen got drunk.
155	aeu	2011-05-11	Coat = coat of armsThat's what I thought, and didn't even consider she was talking about something else, until I saw the posts here.Do people wear coats in Westeros? And if they do, do they put sigils on them? I thought they were all about cloaks...
156	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-11	For those who felt a bit disappointed by the lack of Hound/Sansa-interaction in episode 4 (it didn't really bother me that much, although I think it'd have been better if the Hound himself told the story to Sansa):A Twitter-user complained about this:@BryanCogman what happened to The Hound telling Sansa himself? Man, that was badly done... Huge disappointment there.Bryan Cogman (who wrote episode 4) replied:@Horst_Slammer The Hound/Sansa relationship is still a big part of the show. Stay classy, though!
157	Huan	2011-05-11	For those who felt a bit disappointed by the lack of Hound/Sansa-interaction in episode 4 (it didn't really bother me that much, although I think it'd have been better if the Hound himself told the story to Sansa):A Twitter-user complained about this:@BryanCogman what happened to The Hound telling Sansa himself? Man, that was badly done... Huge disappointment there.Bryan Cogman (who wrote episode 4) replied:@Horst_Slammer The Hound/Sansa relationship is still a big part of the show. Stay classy, though!Thanks, that's great to read! I also liked his tweet from May 6:Back to Belfast in a few hours... kings will clash.
158	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	There's plenty of aspects of the Sandor/Sansa relationship left so I have faith in that it can work very well in the coming episodes. Not worth commenting too much until I've actually seen how they handle it.
Can't help feeling a bit embarrassed as a fan when I see that twitter to Cogman.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 11 May 2011 - 02:08 PM.
159	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-11	Thanks, that's great to read! I also liked his tweet from May 6:Nice tweet, looking forward to season two! I should perhaps have mentioned that the guy who criticized Bryan also said that he loved the rest of the episode.Can't help feeling a bit embarrassed as a fan when I see that twitter to Cogman.It looks like the guy felt bad about the way he 'presented' his opinion. At first he simply wrote that he loved the rest of the episode, but a few minutes ago he changed his reply and wrote:@BryanCogman watching again and i repeat you did amazingly well. forgive my little rant earlier... it was not meant to sound personal.Bryan also received a lot of praise directly on his Twitter account after episode 4. I think it was well deserved.EDIT: Added reply to Tywin's Bastard.
					
					
							Edited by DaenerysTargaryen, 11 May 2011 - 02:27 PM.
160	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	It looks like the guy felt bad about the way he 'presented' his opinion. At first he simply wrote that he loved the rest of the episode, but a few minutes ago he changed his reply and wrote:That's good and my feelings are washed away. It takes maturity to admit when you are wrong or say something rash.
161	FlipFantastic	2011-05-11	The scene with Ned and Cersei was way way wayyy WAY WAYYYY WYAY YWywwyayayayw wya way to blatant, i hated it!  "I was taught to kill my enemies" "as was i" ominous stare... dun dun DUNNNNN!!!!!  Cliche hollywood awfulness right there.  Also, wasnt this line already used with Cersei and Joff?  Ugh triple ugh, ruined the episode.
					
					
							Edited by FlipFantastic, 11 May 2011 - 03:09 PM.
162	busyizzy	2011-05-11	Welcome!LF actually approaches her and starts the conversation with a creepy 'you must be her daughter' and a creepier stroke of her hair.Oh yes, now I remember that part. I still stand by what I say - after this (or even if they have a few more interactions that I don't recall, when time comes and Joffrey starts mistreating her, Littlefinger is nowhere to be seen), they don't have much interactions, which is planned by Littlefinger himself when he says he couldn't approach her at all and instead sent Dontos to be her knight. When that time comes (season 3 I suppose), I think it'll be a nice nod to this episode for nonreaders to rewatch and say, oh YEAH, he was a bit of a creeper, huh!!.... specially with that awesome creeper gif LOL.(and thanks for the welcome~!)
					
					
							Edited by busyizzy, 11 May 2011 - 03:19 PM.
163	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-11	Bryan Cogman (who wrote episode 4) replied:@Horst_Slammer The Hound/Sansa relationship is still a big part of the show. Stay classy, though!Ah, good! My mind is at ease. I still would have preferred for it to have been Sandor telling Sansa though. But I can live with it. It was a very good episode. And I love the whole show.
164	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-11	The scene with Ned and Cersei was way way wayyy WAY WAYYYY WYAY YWywwyayayayw wya way to blatant, i hated it!  "I was taught to kill my enemies" "as was i" ominous stare... dun dun DUNNNNN!!!!!  Cliche hollywood awfulness right there.  Also, wasnt this line already used with Cersei and Joff?  Ugh triple ugh, ruined the episode.I wouldn't say that it ruined the episode, but I agree that both Ned and Cersei were way too blatant and spoke too freely in that scene.
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion Lannister, 11 May 2011 - 04:15 PM.
165	Charles Phipps	2011-05-11	Odd thought.
Did anyone think that Ser Gregor probably just killed Hugh for **** and giggles? Ironically, throwing suspicion on the Lannisters?
166	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	The post above me did give me an idea: Maybe the reason why LF told Sansa about the Hound story RIGHT THERE was meant to create a link between the Mountain and The Hound. That way you know they are both brothers, and The Hound being a bannerman to the Lanisters infers that Gregor is also a folower of the Lanisters. I watched a review from that guy Otakuassemble and he got to the conclusion that it was a setup after realizing the things IÂ´ve wrote above.
Also, the TV show dont explore LF obsession with Cat as much as the book. Maybe they made him speak that just as a hint for future things to come.
167	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-11	Odd thought.Did anyone think that Ser Gregor probably just killed Hugh for **** and giggles? Ironically, throwing suspicion on the Lannisters?Strange. The same thought has occurred to me as well. Born with a gift for violence and all that.
168	Ran	2011-05-11	In the novels, I am absolutely sure that it was just Gregor being bloodthristy and nothing more.
On the show, I'm less sure.
169	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	I also got the impression that Gregor just killed Hugh because he could, although that's an obvious conclusion as that's what the Hound says. I think the probability of it being an intentional killing of a suspect is the same in the book and on the show, which is slim since Gregor takes orders from Tywin, and probably tells almost anyone else to shove it (or worse if they aren't important enough) if they try to order him. The show can of course give a different perspective on Gregor, but it hasn't yet.
There's always a good point to make the audience wonder if it was ordered or not though.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 11 May 2011 - 05:13 PM.
170	Brewmaster	2011-05-11	In the novels, I am absolutely sure that it was just Gregor being bloodthristy and nothing more.On the show, I'm less sure.Well, in the sense that it was just Gregor being Gregor, I think that's true. I don't believe anybody told Gregor to kill Hugh.With that said, I think the fact that Hugh was a person of interest for Ned and that an inexperienced knight, with no squire to make sure he was properly fitted, was matched up with Gregor was no coincidence.Who put together the funds for the tournament again? Littlefinger. Who actually plotted Arryn's murder? Littlefinger. We'll likely never get a definitive, but I think its pretty likely that Littlefinger was behind pairing those two.But, no, I don't think Gregor was in on the plan to kill Hugh any more than the boar was in on the plan to kill Robert.
171	Xenophon	2011-05-11	I like how the show left us wondering if Hugh was killed deliberately.  They're doing a good job of setting up various mysteries and hints to keep viewers guessing and give us the sense that there are plots everywhere.
172	Humble Asskicker	2011-05-11	It was a fantastic episode. The response also is fantastic, because you either have the people as wildly enthusiastic as me, or the hilariously awesome nitpickers who explode with melodramatic dismay at each deviation. I must say, the outrage over Sandor and Sansa is the most enjoyable yet.
What I'm really looking forward to is the response to GRRM's episode (eight, that would be). I'm curious how many of the hyper-pedantic fans will manage to survive that ordeal, struggling with the concept that GRRM is the originator of the series and so understands his story better than anyone else...and the matter that there are differences so omg it sucks! They'll probably terminate with spasms of geeky apoplexy.
					
					
							Edited by Humble Asskicker, 11 May 2011 - 05:28 PM.
173	lounger	2011-05-11	Well, in the sense that it was just Gregor being Gregor, I think that's true. I don't believe anybody told Gregor to kill Hugh.With that said, I think the fact that Hugh was a person of interest for Ned and that an inexperienced knight, with no squire to make sure he was properly fitted, was matched up with Gregor was no coincidence.Who put together the funds for the tournament again? Littlefinger. Who actually plotted Arryn's murder? Littlefinger. We'll likely never get a definitive, but I think its pretty likely that Littlefinger was behind pairing those two.But, no, I don't think Gregor was in on the plan to kill Hugh any more than the boar was in on the plan to kill Robert.Good points.  I could see that sure he wasn't told to kill him since they wouldn't have needed to.  You put him against a bad knight he will kill him for fun anyway.Can't believe people are sending comments to the writers over twitter ripping them for giving someone else lines.
					
					
							Edited by lounger, 11 May 2011 - 06:04 PM.
174	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-11	Good points.  I could see that sure he wasn't told to kill him since they wouldn't have needed to.  You put him against a bad knight he will kill him for fun anyway.I forget if it's explained in the book. How he ended up jousting the Mountain practically in his first match. How do you end up with the biggest/baddest guy being one of the first you'd be jousting against? And it's been a while since I read the first book so maybe someone can remind me how the order is set in the jousting tournament. How does the inexperienced knight who got knighted out of the blue end up jousting against Gregor? It almost looks like purposefully setup.Did they draw numbers out of a hat and OPPS, To bad NEW GUY, you get to go up against the mass murdering most dangerous knight EVerrrr! Nope, you don't start out battling the lower end knights, you end up with the most dangerous knight on our list of competitors.
					
					
							Edited by KarentheUnicorn, 11 May 2011 - 06:17 PM.
175	Abaddon	2011-05-11	Well, in the sense that it was just Gregor being Gregor, I think that's true. I don't believe anybody told Gregor to kill Hugh.With that said, I think the fact that Hugh was a person of interest for Ned and that an inexperienced knight, with no squire to make sure he was properly fitted, was matched up with Gregor was no coincidence.Who put together the funds for the tournament again? Littlefinger. Who actually plotted Arryn's murder? Littlefinger. We'll likely never get a definitive, but I think its pretty likely that Littlefinger was behind pairing those two.But, no, I don't think Gregor was in on the plan to kill Hugh any more than the boar was in on the plan to kill Robert.You have a devious mind.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  And I think that's a great point!
176	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-11	It was a fantastic episode. The response also is fantastic, because you either have the people as wildly enthusiastic as me, or the hilariously awesome nitpickers who explode with melodramatic dismay at each deviation. I must say, the outrage over Sandor and Sansa is the most enjoyable yet.What I'm really looking forward to is the response to GRRM's episode (eight, that would be). I'm curious how many of the hyper-pedantic fans will manage to survive that ordeal, struggling with the concept that GRRM is the originator of the series and so understands his story better than anyone else...and the matter that there are differences so omg it sucks! They'll probably terminate with spasms of geeky apoplexy.But, but George will rectify all the missdeeds of the previous episodes by having one hour of super-awesome revisionism back to the details in the books.Of course George must be well and truly on board with all the changes if he's been signed up to pen one episode per season, because he's got to perpetuate the deviations from the books. This isn't like LOTR where the author and owners of the copyright of the original works have no say in anything.
177	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-11	Well, in the sense that it was just Gregor being Gregor, I think that's true. I don't believe anybody told Gregor to kill Hugh.With that said, I think the fact that Hugh was a person of interest for Ned and that an inexperienced knight, with no squire to make sure he was properly fitted, was matched up with Gregor was no coincidence.Who put together the funds for the tournament again? Littlefinger. Who actually plotted Arryn's murder? Littlefinger. We'll likely never get a definitive, but I think its pretty likely that Littlefinger was behind pairing those two.But, no, I don't think Gregor was in on the plan to kill Hugh any more than the boar was in on the plan to kill Robert.You know, I never thought of it that way. Good point!
178	Mazikeen	2011-05-11	Just a quick note for those who fear we won't get the fight scene between Sandor and Gregor - I just rewatched this artisan video and around the 1:30 mark the fight coordinator talks about the Hound vs Gregor fight scene and they show shots from the rehearsals with all of them in costume and Loras squirming on the ground. There are some more bits in the arms and armour artisan videos, so I really doubt that the scene has been cut.
179	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-11	I forget if it's explained in the book. How he ended up jousting the Mountain practically in his first match. How do you end up with the biggest/baddest guy being one of the first you'd be jousting against? And it's been a while since I read the first book so maybe someone can remind me how the order is set in the jousting tournament. How does the inexperienced knight who got knighted out of the blue end up jousting against Gregor? It almost looks like purposefully setup.Did they draw numbers out of a hat and OPPS, To bad NEW GUY, you get to go up against the mass murdering most dangerous knight EVerrrr! Nope, you don't start out battling the lower end knights, you end up with the most dangerous knight on our list of competitors.A tournament should be seeded, as many sports tournaments are today. You want the two best guys to face each other in the final so you make sure they don't end up on the same side of the bracket. Seeding makes it so the best faces the worst in the first round, the second best faces the second worst and so on.There's no logic in having the low end knights fight other low end knights and force the good ones to face each other and thus have a far harder road to reach the final.As for this tournament, I expect Jaime and Loras to have been the highest ranked knights and had they won all their tilts they would have met in the final.
180	legba11	2011-05-11	I don't remember from the books, is Jaime in this tourney?  (Loras beat him in an earlier one)
181	bens	2011-05-11	I don't remember from the books, is Jaime in this tourney?  (Loras beat him in an earlier one)He loses to the Hound in their semifinal, I think.
182	Huan	2011-05-11	He loses to the Hound in their semifinal, I think.Yes, the Hound almost falls off his horse in the first pass, but manages to hold on, and then knocks Jaime off his horse on the second pass. When Jaime falls his helm gets twisted around and dented so he can't take it off, and he can't see, and King Robert is laughing loudly at his brother-in-law while he stumbles off.
183	Xenophon	2011-05-11	A tournament should be seeded, as many sports tournaments are today. You want the two best guys to face each other in the final so you make sure they don't end up on the same side of the bracket. Seeding makes it so the best faces the worst in the first round, the second best faces the second worst and so on.There's no logic in having the low end knights fight other low end knights and force the good ones to face each other and thus have a far harder road to reach the final.As for this tournament, I expect Jaime and Loras to have been the highest ranked knights and had they won all their tilts they would have met in the final.That makes a certain amount of sense, especially since Westerosi tournament seem to be modeled after modern sporting events with semi-finals and finals.  But how does that fit with the losers having to give up their armor to the winner (which is said to be part of why Jorah went broke)?  Given the stakes you'd expect a random draw, or even pairing opponents of similar experience.  I guess these could be different sorts of tournaments.
184	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-11	But, no, I don't think Gregor was in on the plan to kill Hugh any more than the boar was in on the plan to kill Robert.Come on; we all know that Littlefinger and the boar were in cahoots all along!
185	smegma	2011-05-11	In an effort to procrastinate, I watched this episode again. A couple more notes:
I don't see what the complaints about the crowd are - I thought the overhead shot established that there were lots of people there. Sure, where the highborn people are there's not a ton, but I took that as being like a luxury box /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Whoever said Sophie Turner is gorgeous, gotta agree. She's a beautiful girl. 
I didn't see much in the way of heraldry during the inn scene, but I think it's a minor thing in that scene. There's plenty of banners and shields and such when it matters. 
More and more love for Thorne. Great scenes. Love it.
186	Bronn Stone	2011-05-11	In the novels, I am absolutely sure that it was just Gregor being bloodthristy and nothing more.On the show, I'm less sure.SSM sure or "I'm Ran Jeremy Dammit" sure?Because I think it is one element of GUCT that holds up.  Even more so in the show with LF being the one that leads Eddard to Ser Hugh, but even in the books, we know LF was working Joffrey behind the scenes.  Why not Gregor?
187	Zoliv	2011-05-12	(Ouch 28 pages on this episode already, didn't read them all, i hope i'm not saying something someone has already said...)
Hi, didn't you think that the tournament was a little cheap ? It was supposed to cost a fortune, and to be really a big popular show, and we only see a few dozen nobles watching it seated, a hundred commoners, and only one track, really close to the spectators. I don't remember precisely how it was described in the book, but i read recently Dunk and Egg's stories, and the tournament was much bigger than that, Dunk had to walk hours to go from his side of the festivities to the main event...
					
					
							Edited by Zoliv, 12 May 2011 - 04:53 AM.
188	legba11	2011-05-12	SSM sure or "I'm Ran Jeremy Dammit" sure?Because I think it is one element of GUCT that holds up.  Even more so in the show with LF being the one that leads Eddard to Ser Hugh, but even in the books, we know LF was working Joffrey behind the scenes.  Why not Gregor?Translation?
189	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-12	GUCT = Grand Unifying Conspiracy Theory. Though in this case I think Ockham's Razor applies: Gregor doesn't need a motive to be ultraviolent. If the Lannisters thought Ser Hugh was implicated in Jon Arryn's death, they might have had him disposed of at some point, but handily he met an untimely end without anyone having to plot it. (Ouch 28 pages on this episode already, didn't read them all, i hope i'm not saying something someone has already said...)Hi, didn't you think that the tournament was a little cheap ? It was supposed to cost a fortune, and to be really a big popular show, and we only see a few dozen nobles watching it seated, a hundred commoners, and only one track, really close to the spectators. I don't remember precisely how it was described in the book, but i read recently Dunk and Egg's stories, and the tournament was much bigger than that, Dunk had to walk hours to go from his side of the festivities to the main event...There's still the entire second half to come next episode, which others have suggested will be better-attended. Tbh I didn't even notice the size of the crowd or the number of banners; it's not as sumptuous as in the book but that certainly didn't detract from my enjoyment of the scene.
190	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-12	That makes a certain amount of sense, especially since Westerosi tournament seem to be modeled after modern sporting events with semi-finals and finals.  But how does that fit with the losers having to give up their armor to the winner (which is said to be part of why Jorah went broke)?  Given the stakes you'd expect a random draw, or even pairing opponents of similar experience.  I guess these could be different sorts of tournaments.I forgot to add that it could be a random draw as the poster I responded to already had said. That would again not make it odd that Hugh met Gregor, just unlucky (or deliberate bad luck by someone else's hand as the speculations go).It does seem very harsh that if you're a rookie you'll be almost guaranteed to lose your armor as you'll face the best right away, but on the other hand the best seem to regularly meet in the final rounds (which means they don't happen to meet earlier) so there must be some system, and it doesn't sound like you have more than one tilt if you lose the first which eliminates the possibility of a group stage before the best moves on to a quarter final or so.
191	smegma	2011-05-12	The tournament cost a fortune because of the purse, not the tourney itself - at least that's how the tv show explains it (would need to reference the book for how it is conveyed there).
192	IheartTesla	2011-05-12	I don't see what the complaints about the crowd are - I thought the overhead shot established that there were lots of people there. Sure, where the highborn people are there's not a ton, but I took that as being like a luxury box /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />One of the first shots of the tourney that I recall was a wideshot and it showed the crowds about 3 deep. I plan to rewatch the episode tonight with a friend who hasn't read the books, so I'll get her opinion on the episode/tourney and see if my memory was correct as well. I wish they hadn't done that shot or just CGI'd in a thousand people.I don't know how background is done on TV shows, but I was also thinking of the 40000 strong Dothraki horde. You couldn't hear a damn thing in the background when they show Dany stopping, and I'm sure 40000 hooves on the ground would make an awful lot of noise. But these are minor nitpicks in a mostly enjoyable TV experience.
193	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-12	There are some stills of the tourney shoot in which the poster noted what looked like green screen behind the crowd, which would suggest a CGI crowd has at least been considered.
194	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-12	There's no logic in having the low end knights fight other low end knights and force the good ones to face each other and thus have a far harder road to reach the final.Okay maybe you're misuderstanding me.What I meant was, the lower end knights would face qualifications against each other, getting rid of the really bad people and thus keeping the best out of the 'worst' group to face people like Gregor. Does that make more sense?Doesn't mean they'd win against Gregor, it would be more like a ladder or success you'd have to go through to get to the upper ranks in the tournament. It means you start out at the low end of the totum poll and work your way through all the garbage to get to the top.What I was thinking is it would be like a heat race for sprint cars. Heat races are for those who are the slowest. In a heat race which happens before the main events they'll take a certain number of cars out of each heat race and put them up against the 'best' in the main events because they were the fastest and best in the heat race.So as far as explaining sports to me, I'm more thinking of it in terms of a car race where you'd take the best out of the worst and they'd compete against the big dogs (so to speak).So as sporting events goe I was more wondering, do they have some kind of drawing to see WHO fights people like Gregor OR did Sir Huge actually go through some already 'worse' knights to get to fight Gregor?It's more like I'm questioning how Huge got to fight Gregor right away, was that his first fight? Or did he already beat some lower guys. OR is it just luck of some draw that matches one guy against the other.
195	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-12	Okay maybe you're misuderstanding me.What I meant was, the lower end knights would face qualifications against each other, getting rid of the really bad people and thus keeping the best out of the 'worst' group to face people like Gregor. Does that make more sense?Doesn't mean they'd win against Gregor, it would be more like a ladder or success you'd have to go through to get to the upper ranks in the tournament. It means you start out at the low end of the totum poll and work your way through all the garbage to get to the top.What I was thinking is it would be like a heat race for sprint cars. Heat races are for those who are the slowest. In a heat race which happens before the main events they'll take a certain number of cars out of each heat race and put them up against the 'best' in the main events because they were the fastest and best in the heat race.So as far as explaining sports to me, I'm more thinking of it in terms of a car race where you'd take the best out of the worst and they'd compete against the big dogs (so to speak).So as sporting events goe I was more wondering, do they have some kind of drawing to see WHO fights people like Gregor OR did Sir Huge actually go through some already 'worse' knights to get to fight Gregor?It's more like I'm questioning how Huge got to fight Gregor right away, was that his first fight? Or did he already beat some lower guys. OR is it just luck of some draw that matches one guy against the other.Ok, then I understand what you meant and that's certainly a valid way to do it. I don't think they did it like that though and I think Hugh met Gregor in the first tilt. Still we don't know exactly how it's done so I guess everyone can make up their own mind to some extent.
196	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-12	One of the first shots of the tourney that I recall was a wideshot and it showed the crowds about 3 deep. I plan to rewatch the episode tonight with a friend who hasn't read the books, so I'll get her opinion on the episode/tourney and see if my memory was correct as well. I wish they hadn't done that shot or just CGI'd in a thousand people.I don't know how background is done on TV shows, but I was also thinking of the 40000 strong Dothraki horde. You couldn't hear a damn thing in the background when they show Dany stopping, and I'm sure 40000 hooves on the ground would make an awful lot of noise. But these are minor nitpicks in a mostly enjoyable TV experience.The wide shot has the crowd stand in rows roughly 7-8 deep (varies a bit as they aren't standing in perfect rows). There certainly isn't a crowd of thousands but I'd say that there is probably more than 700 people in the shot, which I consider to be pretty impressive without CGI. Of course a CGI crowd would have made it incredibly massive though.As for the 40 000 strong horde, they are many but they seem to travel in a fairly narrow column so most of the people would be pretty far away from her, so it doesn't have to be that bad.
197	Volderon	2011-05-12	I actually didn't like Sam in the books but in this episode I really resonated with his character. I actually like him, I liked him and Jon and their conversations and you can tell they're going to be great friends.
Great acting!
198	FilliamHMuffman	2011-05-12	It was a decent episode, better than last week, but still struggled translating the book into a visual medium.  Exposition should only be used to introduce back-story that is relevant to the plot that can't be conveyed easily in a dramatic way.  Exposition was justified for the story of the Clegane brothers and to explain Theon's status at Winterfell, although for the latter, the exchange between Tyrion and Theon was sufficient and the scene between Jaime and Jory redundant.  
The rest should have been cut.  Viewers who want to delve into the series lore should pick up the books.  TV is a poor medium for conveying that kind of information.  This episode needed more tournament spectacle and less characters reminiscing about the past.  Yes, yes, I know, the budget.  But, as with the lack of direwolves, I as a viewer just want to be entertained, and I can appreciate why the creators have made certain choices while still being somewhat disappointed with the result.
					
					
							Edited by FilliamHMuffman, 12 May 2011 - 11:52 AM.
199	FilliamHMuffman	2011-05-12	I also got the impression that Gregor just killed Hugh because he could, although that's an obvious conclusion as that's what the Hound says. I think the probability of it being an intentional killing of a suspect is the same in the book and on the show, which is slim since Gregor takes orders from Tywin, and probably tells almost anyone else to shove it (or worse if they aren't important enough) if they try to order him. The show can of course give a different perspective on Gregor, but it hasn't yet.There's always a good point to make the audience wonder if it was ordered or not though.It feels too convenient to simply be a coincidence.  But if Gregor knew Ser Hugh was suspected in a Lannister plot to murder Jon Arryn, it's plausible he took the initiative to eliminate him and win favor from his lord without having been ordered to kill him by anyone.
					
					
							Edited by FilliamHMuffman, 12 May 2011 - 12:54 PM.
200	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-12	The tournament cost a fortune because of the purse, not the tourney itself - at least that's how the tv show explains it (would need to reference the book for how it is conveyed there).I just read this chapter in the book last night:The purse total adds up to 90,000 gold, and Littlefinger immediately starts talking about all of the additional expenses they'll have to figure in.  A couple of paragraphs later, he says "We owe Lord Tywin three million dragons at present, what matter another hundred thousand?"  So, at least according to Littlefinger's initial estimates, the purse is definitely the primary reason the tourney was so expensive.
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion Lannister, 12 May 2011 - 12:26 PM.
201	Abaddon	2011-05-12	There are some stills of the tourney shoot in which the poster noted what looked like green screen behind the crowd, which would suggest a CGI crowd has at least been considered.Pretty sure one of the cast being interviewed or on twitter or something said it was just grass.  Lord knows where that cropped up tho, there's been so much information disseminated in so many different ways.
202	Eponine	2011-05-12	In the book, there doesn't seem to be any seeding and Gregor and Ser Hugh meet in Gregor's second joust near the end of the day. Jaime and the Hound had already ridden once or twice by that point. And Ser Hugh's death doesn't end the jousting, it resumes almost immediately. That was the day that Ser Loras gave Sansa a red rose after his last joust and she takes it to mean something which it of course does not. At that point, only Gregor, Sandor, Jaime and Loras are left, and the last three jousts are delayed because of how late in the night it's gotten. 
I'm disappointed that the show didn't follow the book at all in this regard, making it seem like Gregor and Ser Hugh were the only joust of the day, because as others have mentioned, the joust is one of the most visually spectacular events in the book with a lot of characters appearing in one place. Showing a few more jousts and having more of the court interacting in the stands would have been a good way to visually introduce some new characters and give other characters more face time. Like, it wouldn't be that important at this point to be able to identify or explicitly label Beric, Thoros, Loras, some different Kingsguard members, etc. at this point, but having them around the tourney grounds would have filled out the scene and maybe some people would remember - hey I've seen that guy around the court before - when they became more important. 
Varys hints to Ned that Ser Hugh's death wasn't accidental because Ser Hugh was Lord Arryn's poisoner. I can't remember if this is something that Varys knows for a fact or not - or even if he knows that Littlefinger rather than Cersei was responsible. I thought that Lysa alluded to doing the poisoning herself, but since she's not the brightest bulb, she probably would have considered getting the squire to do it the same as doing it herself, without thinking through the full consequences of involving someone else, and leaving Littlefinger to dispose of him.
203	Jaime L	2011-05-12	I don't see what the complaints about the crowd are - I thought the overhead shot established that there were lots of people there. Sure, where the highborn people are there's not a ton, but I took that as being like a luxury box /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The event just feels small, even on rewatch, when it's supposed to be a grand tournament involving all the great knights of the seven kingdoms. A tournament that Ned's concerned is bankrupting the realm. But my complaint goes beyond just the crowd - it's the fact there was no pomp, no build up beforehand. No getting the feel of the city in festival with people coming from far and wide. It just...starts. Just another event in the life of the nobility, when, if viewed through Sansa's eyes it's everything she imagined life at court to be. It's about the only thing so far I would've done differently than the producers. Really play up the tournament, not as a plot point, but to really establish the festival feel of Westeros in summer. Found a lot of power in the books in the marked contrast from the world that existed at the time of this tournament to the broken, chaotic world we see from ACOK on. Here's one of the few times I would de emphasize plot in favor of atmosphere. Just my two cents. There's thousands of us on the board each with our own opinion of how we'd like to see the series go. To be clear, I think it's gone spectacularly, they've gotten just about everything that matters right and really this is my only meaningful complaint. But the reason I bring it up is because we have some battles coming up that I hope feel as grand and impactful as they do in the books and the handling of the tournament gives me pause whether it will. Or whether the sum of the series will end up feeling smaller, less epic. If it does, I understand it - this is TV, not film - but I'll be hoping otherwise nonetheless.
					
					
							Edited by Jaime L, 12 May 2011 - 12:58 PM.
204	cosnik	2011-05-12	im sure its been mentioned, but im just griping over renly not looking pretty boy enough and having short hair. im really meshing with how they divulge information that is usually given in descriptive ruminations by the characters in the novel. like tyrion calling out theon about his roots and his subservience to his captors. actually, im still griping over scenes that are added in like last episodes back and forth between sam and jon about bedding women. eh.
205	oneeye	2011-05-12	I think the nitpicking here stems from:
a) the forumers here are very detail oriented, some intimidatingly so.
/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> lots here are semi starved for actual ASOIAF stuff, but the last book was written in 2005.
Having said that, I agree the tourney was not as big as it should have been, though I think we will see a few more jousts next episode.
The Viserys spittle bothered me.
Arya sitting at the tournament practially holding hands with the Septa was odd, but I guess they don't want to make her quite as  super tough as in the books, or show how she changed even more.
Littlefinger is rocking for me in the tv show. Much more interesting a character than in the book I think.
I am a little concerned if we hit season 6 but book 6 is not written yet........
206	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-12	I am a little concerned if we hit season 6 but book 6 is not written yet........ /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> What a terrifying thought. Hopefully TWoW won't have a 'Meereenese knot' to hold things up this long...
207	Lord Varys	2011-05-12	Ser Hugh is just an distraction. He had nothing to do with the poisoning, and subsequently it makes little sense to assume that Gregor Clegane murdered him during the tourney on Cersei's orders (who, in turn, had nothing to do with the whole plot). It's pretty likely that Varys and Littlefinger were into the poisoning together, and both presented Ser Hugh as a scapegoat to protect themselves, and to prevent any further investigations on his side. After Ned has spoken to Varys and Littlefinger about Ser Hugh, he is convinced that he killed Jon Arryn on Cersei's orders. But due to Hugh's death, he has no proof of that, and his whole investigation is another dead end. Without Sansa's outburst about Joffrey and Robert, Ned would never have guessed the truth about the incest.
Varys definitely confirms his involvement in the death of Jon Arryn during his talk with Illyrio, and we are likely to hear some of these lines in the next episode. After all, 'the wolf and the lion' is a direct quote of Varys' ;-).
208	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-12	I actually didn't like Sam in the books but in this episode I really resonated with his character. I actually like him, I liked him and Jon and their conversations and you can tell they're going to be great friends.Great acting!YES! I thought I was the only one (doesn't feel alone now in my Sam-bored). I thought Sam was okay but while I was reading every time one of his chapters would be next I was always thinking dangit I wanna read about someone else.I was able to tolerate Sam a lot better on screen than in print.I'm disappointed that the show didn't follow the book at all in this regard, making it seem like Gregor and Ser Hugh were the only joust of the day, because as others have mentioned, the joust is one of the most visually spectacular events in the book with a lot of characters appearing in one place. Showing a few more jousts and having more of the court interacting in the stands would have been a good way to visually introduce some new characters and give other characters more face time. Like, it wouldn't be that important at this point to be able to identify or explicitly label Beric, Thoros, Loras, some different Kingsguard members, etc. at this point, but having them around the tourney grounds would have filled out the scene and maybe some people would remember - hey I've seen that guy around the court before - when they became more important.Yea, I would have traded the very long bathtub  sex scene for more jousting. They really could have put that dragon info off for a later episode.
209	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-12	Yea, I would have traded the very long bathtub  sex scene for more jousting. They really could have put that dragon info off for a later episode.As I see it the dragon info they presented was pretty much necessary to do before the next episode because it's extremely likely (given the title of the episode) that it's the one where Arya finds the skulls. In fact it was actually more late than soon to explain the link between the Targaryens and dragons as it's been hinted at plenty of times but the new viewers were never told why.
210	iheartseverus	2011-05-12	I didn't like the scrub-a-dub scene going on and on, either.  But I have to say, they gave Viserys a very good line there.  When the slave girl repeats that she heard that 'brave men killed the dragons,' Viserys responds, 'Brave men didn't kill the dragons, brave men rode the dragons.'  Nice line.
211	smegma	2011-05-12	Also Viserys doesn't have much time left - and right now, he is one of the only authority on dragons and the Targaryens. So the timing was necessary for that as well (and Arya's scene).
212	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-12	I really liked the way Sam answered Jon's question about the meaning of having the name "Snow". Sam's manner was that of being proud to know what it meant, thinking he would please Jon by being able to answer correctly.
I really liked Sam's characterisation in every scene. I do hope we get some scenes between Sam and Aemon to show that Sam actualy has a decent brain and he's not totally useless. It could wait until Season 2 I suppose, but it would be good to get to the end of this season and see that Sam does have something to offer the Watch.
213	Not The Riddler	2011-05-13	Im sure we will see a lot of Sam in the upcoming seasons. Afterall he does become a POV charicter. With the pace of the show I imagine they will develope more of the relationship between jon, Sam, and the other friends.
214	Not The Riddler	2011-05-13	Also Viserys doesn't have much time left - and right now, he is one of the only authority on dragons and the Targaryens. So the timing was necessary for that as well (and Arya's scene).I cant wait for the crown scene. I think new viewers are going to be like WTF!!!. hahaha classic.
215	GoTreviews	2011-05-13	I really liked the way Sam answered Jon's question about the meaning of having the name "Snow". Sam's manner was that of being proud to know what it meant, thinking he would please Jon by being able to answer correctly.Like the scene as well, but for a different reason: I really enjoyed how it echoed the "tell me what you see" from Tyrion. Even if the dwarf left the Wall, we really see his teaching there.
216	Carldog	2011-05-13	Hated the scene in the tub.  Waste of my time. It just screamed "look this show has a lot of sex... Told you!"
217	ser_nerdick	2011-05-13	Hated the scene in the tub.  Waste of my time. It just screamed "look this show has a lot of sex... Told you!"So you'd prefer the series have zero sexual content at all, just to avoid that implication?I don't think the point of scene was sexual. I thought it was more about:1. Backstory of the dragons2. Another reminder that Viserys is a nutjob (important to set this up clearly before his "crowning")The sexual aspect made it a little more interesting than just seeing the two standing there talking, but I don't think it was the main thrust of the scene.
218	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-13	The sexual aspect made it a little more interesting than just seeing the two standing there talking, but I don't think it was the main thrust of the scene.Plus, the sex was hardly explicit by HBO standards--or even compared to the first episode of this show.
219	Bronn Stone	2011-05-13	I thought the bathtub scene did a great job of showing how mercurial Viserys can be.  He went from charming to cruel in the flash of a dragon's eye.  Sex was an important part of that.  He wasn't going to be kind to someone like Doreah for just any reason.
220	oneeye	2011-05-13	Doreah was value added.
221	Snow White	2011-05-13	I really liked the way Sam answered Jon's question about the meaning of having the name "Snow". Sam's manner was that of being proud to know what it meant, thinking he would please Jon by being able to answer correctly.Me too! "Oh, I know this one!" Sam is a classic nerd.
222	YellowDogJen	2011-05-13	I'm really enjoying the show. 
My nit-picks are about Sam and Hodor. Both of them shuffle and waddle around like babies instead of walking.
It was both jarring and weird. Crappy acting?
I can't believe no one else noticed!
223	Grumkin	2011-05-13	I'm really enjoying the show. My nit-picks are about Sam and Hodor. Both of them shuffle and waddle around like babies instead of walking.It was both jarring and weird. Crappy acting?I can't believe no one else noticed!Sam and Hodor basically are big babies.
224	Daenerys	2011-05-13	I don't know how background is done on TV shows, but I was also thinking of the 40000 strong Dothraki horde. You couldn't hear a damn thing in the background when they show Dany stopping, and I'm sure 40000 hooves on the ground would make an awful lot of noise. I think the idea is that the wedding party sent to fetch Dany was a significantly smaller chunk of the full Dothraki horde, not the whole thing. Which explains the sparse look of the wedding and the trek across the grassy sea (and even there they are pretty much riding single file, so the entire group wouldn't be in the same area at once, they would be spread out for miles). This makes some sense, as a king who travels to some other kingdom to get married would probably not bring every person or even every soldier in his employ along. I certainly pictured a lot more Dothraki around when reading the books, but I guess budget forced them into this scenario.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 13 May 2011 - 06:30 PM.
225	Huan	2011-05-13	I cant wait for the crown scene. I think new viewers are going to be like WTF!!!. hahaha classic.And they won't realize it's just the appetizer round of a three-course feast... The first time I read AGoT I had to re-read Arya's POV chapter several times to convince myself that Ned had indeed been beheaded. At first I kept saying to myself, well, she didn't actually see it happen, so maybe it didn't.
226	Derfel Cadarn	2011-05-13	The actress who plays doreah would have made a good Shae imho.  
I think they're overplaying roberts animosity to jaime a bit.  In the book he seemed to value jaime more, defending him to ned.
227	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-14	I'm really enjoying the show. My nit-picks are about Sam and Hodor. Both of them shuffle and waddle around like babies instead of walking.It was both jarring and weird. Crappy acting?I can't believe no one else noticed!The actor who plays Sam is not quite obese enough to have a shuffling gait, but the really fat to kinda shuffle like that a bit. I did notice Sam's shuffle but didn't see it as infantile. I had no problem with the physical acting for Hodor.Re: the ser Hugh thing. Any suggestion in the show that his death was facilitated is a red herring. Ser Hugh was incompetent and Gregor likes killing people. Mayhap the draw was fixed, but there's too much chance involved. It was no way to guarantee his death, it was just quite likely. If he was a loose end that LF needed tying then he'd leave nothing to chance. Though if LF wanted his possible death to put certain suspicions in Ned's mind, but Hugh dying was not pivotal to LF's plans then setting up the chance for his death would be an option.I always thought Lyssa killed John Arryn. Was it at the prompting of LF? Who put out the idea of fostering Robyn to the Lannisters?
228	Ran	2011-05-14	Derfel,
Of course, he also shoves Jaime to the ground and mocks him at the tourney feast. I think the representation of the relationship about right, but mileage varies.
229	DurararaFTW	2011-05-14	Derfel,Of course, he also shoves Jaime to the ground and mocks him at the tourney feast. I think the representation of the relationship about right, but mileage varies. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well he made him Warden of the West, defended him killing the Mad King and sitting on throne, says Haime does everything he wants. But he also grabbed about winning the dagger bettng against him, laughed hard whe Jaime was defeated by the Hound and shoved him to the ground when he tried to stop him from participating in the joust. It really depends on how drunk Robert is.
230	daimonion	2011-05-15	Why would Jon wanna sleep with a whore??
Isn't that a little beneath him? And even if it wasn't - wouldn't he rather try to get it on with a... nonwhore-girl? Does he get a kick out of paying for it? I don't really see this guy struggling much to get any.
It seems they only made his "girlfriend" Roz, just so they could mention Roz again . which is a pretty bad reason.
231	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2011-05-15	Why would Jon wanna sleep with a whore??Isn't that a little beneath him? And even if it wasn't - wouldn't he rather try to get it on with a... nonwhore-girl? Does he get a kick out of paying for it? I don't really see this guy struggling much to get any.It seems they only made his "girlfriend" Roz, just so they could mention Roz again . which is a pretty bad reason.I'd imagine he went to the brothel with Theon and Company: peer pressure more than anything else. Plus it establishes that Jon has a thing for redheads.
232	daimonion	2011-05-15	I'd imagine he went to the brothel with Theon and Company: peer pressure more than anything else. Plus it establishes that Jon has a thing for redheads.Decent theory. Wish the scriptwriters would have added something like that to his monologue.
233	Starkess	2011-05-15	Why would Jon wanna sleep with a whore??Isn't that a little beneath him? And even if it wasn't - wouldn't he rather try to get it on with a... nonwhore-girl? Does he get a kick out of paying for it? I don't really see this guy struggling much to get any.It seems they only made his "girlfriend" Roz, just so they could mention Roz again . which is a pretty bad reason.Well one it's pretty standard for men to sleep with whores, and who exactly is going to be his girlfriend? He's a bastard, so he's not going to get any noble girl. Is he sneaking out to the town and stealing kisses from peasant girls? Doesn't seem like his style. All in all it seems pretty plausible, especially since it was already established that Theon went to this brothel.
234	Dihm	2011-05-16	Maybe this is getting a tad pedantic, but every single person who saw Hugh preparing for that joust is just as responsible for him dying in the show as Gregor is.  There's a big difference between wearing that stupid helm with its tiny visor (offering NO protection to his face and neck) than putting on a gorget wrong (as in the books).  New knight or no, that was just beyond dumb.  I had high hopes for the costuming, perhaps unrealistically, that it would be as realistic as it seemed to be portrayed in the books.
235	M'lady Cynthia Rayder	2011-05-16	Well one it's pretty standard for men to sleep with whores, and who exactly is going to be his girlfriend? He's a bastard, so he's not going to get any noble girl. Is he sneaking out to the town and stealing kisses from peasant girls? Doesn't seem like his style. All in all it seems pretty plausible, especially since it was already established that Theon went to this brothel.Did I miss something? Where was it said or shown that Jon wanted to sleep with Roz? Are we simply talking about boy chit chat at Winterfell that was mentioned early on in GoT?
236	Aoife	2011-05-16	It was part of Jon & Sam's discussion in episode 4 - the whole thing about how Jon's still a virgin because he doesn't want to risk fathering a bastard. The woman in question was Ros, aka "the red-headed whore".
237	daimonion	2011-05-17	Is he sneaking out to the town and stealing kisses from peasant girls? Doesn't seem like his style. Why not? Seems more likely than whoring, which not all men do - and Jon seems less likely than most to do this.
238	WhiteHaven	2011-07-22	Just re-watched the Episode. Someone has to give Peter Dinklage an Emmy or something. He totaly owns the scene in the inn. Damn it, he totally owns every scene he is in.
239	Juliet Burke	2015-01-21	I don't know if it has already been discussed here but it is about R+L=J:http://moviepilot.co...external,manual
240	Ran	2011-05-08	No-spoiler discussion of the episode, titled "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things", when it's available. Please don't post before then.
241	lynxx	2011-05-09	Ghost!   Hodor!
242	antisocial	2011-05-09	Im wondering if anyone else caught the little "easter-egg" when Viserys was naming the dragon skulls? Vermithrax. When I heard that I actually stopped and did a quick rewind just to make sure I heard correctly. Yup,I did.Not sure if it was D&D who threw that in or the director Brian Kirk. But for me it was a geek moment from my past, from one of my favorite fantasy movies from the 80's, Dragonslayer. One of the best done stop (go) motion special effects. And in my opinion the best looking dragon ever put in a movie.Sorry if its slightly off topic, but wasnt sure where else to put it.
243	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	Do I have to turn in my nerd membership card for not having a clue what Vermithrax is and having never watched that movie? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
I really enjoyed the episode and thought there were fine performances all around. Thorne, much to my surprise, was a standout to me. He's still an asshole of course, but he feels like a more interesting character to me than he did in the book. I got chills when he said the "When the winter comes, you will die like fliesâ<U+0080><U+009D> line. The actor is doing an outstanding job with what was a very one dimensional character in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 10 May 2011 - 02:27 PM.
244	Sidonie	2011-05-10	I thought the Sam actor did a really good job of squealing pitifully when he was knocked down the first time. God, he did such a good job at being pathetic...you could FEEL the discomfort of the other young brothers watching. LOL. He was great. And I loved seeing Dany relaxing into her role as Khaleesi and speaking Dothraki.
245	spork	2011-05-12	Im wondering if anyone else caught the little "easter-egg" when Viserys was naming the dragon skulls? Vermithrax. When I heard that I actually stopped and did a quick rewind just to make sure I heard correctly. Yup,I did.Not sure if it was D&D who threw that in or the director Brian Kirk. But for me it was a geek moment from my past, from one of my favorite fantasy movies from the 80's, Dragonslayer. One of the best done stop (go) motion special effects. And in my opinion the best looking dragon ever put in a movie.Sorry if its slightly off topic, but wasnt sure where else to put it.Actually, George lists Dragonslayer as one of his top favorite fantasy films.  I don't know if the writers knew that and wrote it in, or if it's just a coincidence.I also may lose my nerd card, as I'd never heard of that movie either (in my defense, it was released before I was born).
246	The only son	2011-10-12	Tyrion from the HBO series is way to handsome to be Tyrion from the book, although I get why they casted him as they did and used no makeup.
247	Greylander	2011-05-10	OK, was I just blind, or did *none* of the three men whose sigils Catelyn calls out actually have any visible insignia?  Maybe on shields that Cat had seen earlier but were resting on the floor?  I dunno...As important as heraldry is to these stories, you would think, particularly in a scene like that, that they would want to make sure the audience actually sees the remarked upon sigils.  Spotting the Twin Towers that indicated a Frey man-at-arms shouldn't be like a game of Where's Waldo Walder.Maybe someone with sharper eyes than mine saw them?
					
					
							Edited by Datepalm, 10 May 2011 - 05:03 AM.
248	WildlingGirl	2011-05-10	Hi Greylander,
I couldn't spot any sigils either, apart from the Frey man whose breastplate/chainmail seemed to have a Twins pattern. 
I thought that Catelyn and Ser Rodrik must have been looking around all the time they were there, spotting people perhaps as they came in before they settled down and took off any garb with sigils on it. They probably had a good look at the horses in the stable, too.
I'd have loved to see Whent's bats though  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
249	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-10	If you look closely you can see an orange shield with a black bat on it, standing on the ground at the Harrenhal table, when Cat starts her speech. You see it even better just as she turns to the camera to talk to the Freys. As he's not wearing a coat I assume that's also lying there somewhere.
A shield with the red stallion is visible at the Bracken table, although Tyrion stands in the way of it a lot so it's mainly visible before he walks up to Cat's table.
I didn't see the twins sigil though but I'm very confident they are all there and we'll see them plainly in the next episode.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 10 May 2011 - 07:04 AM.
250	valacirca	2011-05-10	^ nicely spotted.Here are screencaps I took that show the Red Stallion and Black Bat sigils:Red StallionBlack BatIf someone could point me to the exact moment where the Twins sigil is shown, I'd love to screencap that as well.BTW... is image embedding really not allowed on these forums?
251	WildlingGirl	2011-05-10	If you look closely you can see an orange shield with a black bat on it, standing on the ground at the Harrenhal table, when Cat starts her speech. You see it even better just as she turns to the camera to talk to the Freys. As he's not wearing a coat I assume that's also lying there somewhere.A shield with the red stallion is visible at the Bracken table, although Tyrion stands in the way of it a lot so it's mainly visible before he walks up to Cat's table.I didn't see the twins sigil though but I'm very confident they are all there and we'll see them plainly in the next episode.Wow, my eyes plainly don't follow Syrio's advice and I.Should.Rewatch. Many times.  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
252	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	I didn't notice them either, but I don't have HD. I wonder if they stand out better on HD? This series might be the catalyst I needed to finally get me to dish out the cash for a Bluray player which I had been resisting until now.
253	valacirca	2011-05-10	I viewed the episode in HD and I didn't spot it until Tywin pointed out exactly where they were.
254	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-05-10	Thank you for the screencaps, valacirca! And yes, I read on another thread that image embedding had been disabled here. You did the exactly right thing, with the links.
I looked and looked but could not see the Twins sigil. It's too bad, in a way, because did we not, as readers, find ourselves inexplicably interested in heraldry and full of gratitude for fans who documented it on websites such as this? I think the show had a shot at inspiring this kind of interest among the viewers as well, and the designers are being a little stingy.
255	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	It's good that the sigils were there, but doesn't Catelyn point them out as being on peoples jackets?
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 10 May 2011 - 11:49 AM.
256	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-10	It's good that the sigils were there, but doesn't Catelyn point them out as being on peoples jackets?It's only the black bat of Harrenhal she mentions being embroidered on someone's coat, and the man responding isn't wearing a coat so it's probably on a bench or something. I would assume we get to see it in the next episode, together with the Frey sigil that wasn't visible at all.
257	Isabella Stark	2011-05-10	[font="Tahoma"]^ nicely spotted.Black BatThat Bat sigil looks like Batman's logo.
258	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	It's only the black bat of Harrenhal she mentions being embroidered on someone's coat, and the man responding isn't wearing a coat so it's probably on a bench or something. I would assume we get to see it in the next episode, together with the Frey sigil that wasn't visible at all.Makes sense.
259	Xenophon	2011-05-10	I viewed the episode in HD and I didn't spot it until Tywin pointed out exactly where they were.Me too.  I didn't notice it during the episode, but yeah, they were basically invisible to the audience.I'm thinking it was a good call on HBO's part to keep the sigils subtle, though.  If everyone was walking around with giant animal symbols on their clothes, it could looks pretty ridiculous, and would certainly get old fast.
260	valacirca	2011-05-10	It's good that the sigils were there, but doesn't Catelyn point them out as being on peoples jackets?When she said "coat" maybe she meant coat-of-arms or something like that?
261	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-10	If you look closely you can see an orange shield with a black bat on it, standing on the ground at the Harrenhal table, when Cat starts her speech. You see it even better just as she turns to the camera to talk to the Freys. As he's not wearing a coat I assume that's also lying there somewhere.A shield with the red stallion is visible at the Bracken table, although Tyrion stands in the way of it a lot so it's mainly visible before he walks up to Cat's table.I didn't see the twins sigil though but I'm very confident they are all there and we'll see them plainly in the next episode.Nice detective work!
262	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-05-10	Anyone noticed banners of some northern lords like the Karstarks at the turney?
					
					
							Edited by The Royal Lion, 10 May 2011 - 02:29 PM.
263	Maltaran	2011-05-10	I saw the Mormont banner, but the others all went by too fast for me to make out.
264	Greylander	2011-05-10	Tywin's Bastard, valacirca, Thanks!  I just knew if the sigils were there, this was the place to ask!  Now that I know where to look and can see the bat and stallion while watching the scene.
I can't still can spot any twin towers, but 2 of 3 isn't bad... 
I agree the sigils shouldn't be over-done... so that they were on shields on the floor or whatever is good, but a very brief camera close-up on the bat or stallion just as Cat mentions them (just one of the two) might have been good.  Just knowing the sigils are actually there and visible to the sharp-of-eye seals the perfection of the scene for me though. But for non-readers, I think a bit more emphasis on showing sigils would be good.  All-in-all a minor quibble.
WildlingGirl,  any chance you can point out where you think you saw the twin towers?
In any event like someone else said, I'm sure they'll all show up next week.
					
					
							Edited by Greylander, 10 May 2011 - 11:32 PM.
265	Hyper	2011-05-11	I'm thinking it was a good call on HBO's part to keep the sigils subtle, though.  If everyone was walking around with giant animal symbols on their clothes, it could looks pretty ridiculous, and would certainly get old fast.Yep, good point. Colorful shields and clothes sounds good on paper, but has a very high cheese factor when seeing it.
266	Grumkin	2011-05-13	It's only the black bat of Harrenhal she mentions being embroidered on someone's coat, and the man responding isn't wearing a coat so it's probably on a bench or something. I would assume we get to see it in the next episode, together with the Frey sigil that wasn't visible at all.There is a diamond-shaped patch on the man's left sleeve near the elbow that contains several small bats on it (I could only see the leftmost bat but the way it's positioned indicates there are a few more little bats). The Frey guy seems to have something on his left sleeve as well, closer to his shoulder, but it's harder to make out. It took a dam good tv and pausing the dvr to see this stuff, though.
267	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-13	Where are the sigil's what?
268	Juba	2011-05-15	This is another example of taking lines from the book and not making sure it makes sense with what is on film. You shouldn't have to screen-grab to see what's being spoken of.
And for the life of me, I just can't understand the producers decision to downplay the heraldry--it has the advantage of being true to the books and the period that inspired the setting, as well as a visual cue to keep track of the various factions--and much cooler to boot.
As it is, aside from the Lannister men-at-arms--who are so goofy looking and inappropriate that they kill all immersion whenever they appear on screen--the retinue's all look the same. How hard is it to sew small heraldry badges on whatever leather/padded armour they give them?
Another thing--does the Bracken dude have a bad French accent or is it just me?
269	Lord of Brewtown	2011-05-20	Juba - agree.  I would think this would be about the cheapest part of the costume too.  Just sew some artwork on, or have them wear a cheap tabard, probably easier/less costly than the shields.  
I did notice the Bracken shield during first viewing; but, not the bat of Harrenhall
270	Morrigan	2011-07-23	When she said "coat" maybe she meant coat-of-arms or something like that?I just rewatched that episode. And she says "sewn on your surcoat", so no, she didn't mean it as "coat-of-arms". I have NO idea how such a glaring mistake could have slipped by. Surely even the actors would have pointed out, "wait, what am I saying? there's nothing sewn on his coat", "by golly you're right there's nothing sewn on my coat!". Dunno WTF happened here.
271	TheEvilKing	2011-05-10	Not my favourite episode so far. But still had some good stuff. Here's this week's Official rankings.BADASS RANKINGS:1. Ser Allister Thorne - Survived for 6 months North of the Wall. Surviving on the flesh of his dying brothers.2. Jon Snow3. Cat - she was pretty badass in the final scene. Despite it's foolishness.4. Dany5. Gregor CleganeHonourable mention: Robb. Tried his best, but you can't be badass against Tyrion.Dishonourable mention: SamACTING RANKINGS:1. Viserys2. Jon Snow3. Allister Thorne4. Grand Maester Pycelle5. Littlefinger - much improved from last weekHonourable mention: SamDishonourable mention: Jory. Reminds me of Baldrick.HISTORY LESSON OF THE WEEK:1. The Names of the Dragons2. Balon's Rebellion3. The Story of the Mountain and the Hound4. Abbreviated Version of Aegon's Conquest5. The Tragedy of Samwell TarlyFeel free to discuss the official rankings of post your own.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by Datepalm, 10 May 2011 - 09:35 AM.
272	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-05-10	Viserys is pretty much making this show for me.
273	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	I agree with the people you selected for your badass ranking but I'd probably switch some of those around.
BADASS RANKINGS:
1. Ser Allister Thorne
2. Gregor Clegane - The Mountain that Rides is SCARY!
3. Jon Snow - I really enjoyed his scenes and he showed a lot of courage and integrity sticking up and helping Sam and using Ghost to keep Rast in line was awesome!
4. Dany - Being able to stand up against her brother took a LOT of courage
5. Cat - Yes, despite what she did has "Very Bad Idea" written all over it, arresting Tyrion was still a gutsy move. The reason I rank her at #5 though is I don't think this was a risk she HAD to take.
I'm not sure how to rank the acting. I think just about everyone did a great job.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 10 May 2011 - 09:47 AM.
274	valacirca	2011-05-10	5 - AmazingTyrion (steals the scene every. single. time.)Viserys (excellent scenes with both Doreah and Dany)4 - Really GoodDany (excellent back and forth with Viserys in their scenes together)Doreah (so hot. great exchange with Viserys in the tub)Allister Thorne (badass. great parting words in that scene where they wouldn't touch Sam)Arya (not much to do this episode and she shouldn't have been watching the tourney. Nice little scene on the steps with Ned, still.)Hador (tiny role, but spot-on)Rast (solidly playing the bully-ish malcontent on The Wall)Ser Hugh (oh hai. you die well, ser. nicely played)Gregor (well done introduction to The Mountain. Can't wait to see him in E05.)CatelynThe Hound (just standing there looking menacing and observing his bro; really effectively setting the mood)Ghost (finally, a Ghost sighting! ferocious. loved it.)Gendry3 - OkaySamwell Tarly (not quite as gentle and I had imagined, but passable)Grenn (LOL @ spewing out spit)Bran (not much to do this episode though)Jaime (it's more like him if he would rather have accepted Ned's message for the King from Jory and read it himself instead of sending Jory away with the message undelivered.)CerseiJonNedPycelleRobbJoryTheonPyp2 - BadSansa (felt her scene with Septa Mordane was pointless and was almost "not there" during tourney scenes)Littlefinger (comes across as quite a flat, dry and bland portrayal when I imagine he should be one of the more colorful characters. Really disappointed, but I'm starting to get used to it.)Jorah (not that he's bad... it's just I care for him the least out of all the characters, which is in itself a bad thing I think)1 - Sh!t(thankfully no one in this series has been so bad to warrant being placed here)
275	End of Disc One	2011-05-10	One small badass moment that I don't see other people mention is when Alliser Thorne rushes up to grab Jon, and Jon doesn't even flinch, just stares right back.  I'm loving Jon in the show, more than in the book.
276	valacirca	2011-05-10	^ I didn't quite see it like that. To me it seemed like Jon was grinning in amusement in the way the guys were avoiding hurting Sam and when Thorne rushes to grab him, the smile immediately vanishes and it seemed like Jon was at that moment slightly cautious of what Thorne was going to say or do. Not nearly a badass "bring it on!" look as you saw it.
277	NW Deserter	2011-05-10	More random awards for this episode!Most improved character (from earlier episodes): Littlefinger. I'm getting the sense that TV-LF is much more of a reserved sociopath than a witty trickster. Interesting change, but it makes sense.Best minor character: Last week this went to Jorah, this week I'll give it to Jory. 
	Spoiler Shame we lose him next week /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Best major character: Jon Snow. Kit's coming into his own.Best newly introduced character: Samwell, by far. The mannerisms of TV-Sam are just how I imagined them. He even looks pretty similar to my mental image.Hottest: Doreah (duh!)Wanted more: Arya (she wins this every week IMO)Most badass: I'm gonna go with Dany. The tensions between her and Vis has been built up nicely, it was good to finally see Emilia Clark lay down the law finally. Alliser Thorne in a very close second. Ghost gets an HM /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Biggest 'meh' of the week: Hate to say it, but probably Ned. I've come to expect a lot of Sean Bean...maybe it's just because CSI: Kings Landing wasn't especially interesting to me in the books either.
278	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	Most improved character (from earlier episodes): Littlefinger. I'm getting the sense that TV-LF is much more of a reserved sociopath than a witty trickster. Interesting change, but it makes sense.I agree with this, and also approve of it. Littlefinger seems to have lost some of his silver tongue and clever wordplay, but his deadpan voice is neither dull nor flat... it is very eerie, very emotionless and creepy and shows how phony he is. His smile does not reach his eyes and he very rarely ever blinks. He looks and sounds like a complete sociopath, which serves him well on the screen.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 10 May 2011 - 11:54 AM.
279	Songlian	2011-05-10	Jaime's got a lot more depth than in the books, but I'm not holding that against him. 
I actually think I'm going to like Rory McCann as Sandor Clegane, from the few bits I've seen so far.
And Viserys did an excellent job in this episode as well. 
The surprise was Sam -- very close to how I pictured him from the books, only with better acting. Good choice, casting wise.
280	Gertrude	2011-05-10	I have a huge crush on Harry Lloyd, because I am just so blown away with his Viserys. I luuuurvs him.
[Edited by Ran: No spoilers!]
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 11 May 2011 - 03:43 AM.
281	Dennai	2011-05-11	^ I didn't quite see it like that. To me it seemed like Jon was grinning in amusement in the way the guys were avoiding hurting Sam and when Thorne rushes to grab him, the smile immediately vanishes and it seemed like Jon was at that moment slightly cautious of what Thorne was going to say or do. Not nearly a badass "bring it on!" look as you saw it.I'm agree with you. Definitely it was much more of a "Ooops, maybe I went too far", than a "won't flinch because I'm so tough" moment.
282	Dennai	2011-05-11	[quote name='NW Deserter' timestamp='1305045028' post='2465671']More random awards for this episode!Best minor character:[/b] Last week this went to Jorah, this week I'll give it to Jory. 
	Spoiler Shame we lose him next week /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Are you sure of that? I'm thinking it would be more likely to happen during episode 6. 
	Spoiler I think we have already too many swordfights next week, with the Hound/Mountain showdown and the attack of the mountains clans to Cat's group
283	NW Deserter	2011-05-11	Are you sure of that? I'm thinking it would be more likely to happen during episode 6.
	Spoiler I think episode 5 has the whole confrontation in the street between Ned and Jaime, that happens right after Ned turns in his badge (which was shown in the episode preview). The killing of Jory/injury of Ned will probably be the cliffhanger.
284	OhDanyBoy	2011-05-11	Spoiler I think episode 5 has the whole confrontation in the street between Ned and Jaime, that happens right after Ned turns in his badge (which was shown in the episode preview). The killing of Jory/injury of Ned will probably be the cliffhanger.

	Spoiler Plus, the Ned-Jaime fight is shown in the preview.
285	Abaddon	2011-05-11	I'm agree with you. Definitely it was much more of a "Ooops, maybe I went too far", than a "won't flinch because I'm so tough" moment.I see it as a little of both.  He definitely gets a little intimidated, but he glares defiantly in Thorne's face as Thorne holds him.  It's not like he meekly looks at his feet or anything.I thought it was really well-acted, regardless.  I am seriously digging Kit as Snow.
286	Abaddon	2011-05-11	Guys, putting spoiler tags everywhere does protect the folks who don't want to be spoiled, but it likely makes for a really dull reading experience to see a bunch of discussion that's just spoiler tags.  I would gently suggest that moving such a discussion to the spoilers thread might be a better idea.
287	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-11	I have a huge crush on Harry Lloyd, because I am just so blown away with his Viserys. I luuuurvs him.[Edited by Ran: No spoilers!]Well, some women do like being bitch slaped.Also today I was reading GoT and whenever I readed a Jon line I imagined it with the actors voice.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 11 May 2011 - 04:11 PM.
288	Daenerys	2011-05-11	Not much changed this week for me.
Tyrion and Arya continue to be the most engaging.
Eddard, Jaime, Robert, Catelyn, and Petyr are reliably good.
Jon: OK, neither brilliant nor terrible.
Sansa continues to be wooden and completely boring.
I thought both Sam and Alliser Thorne rose above their level in the books.
289	Bronn Stone	2011-05-11	Jon: OK, neither brilliant nor terrible.I think one of Kit's strongest moments in Ep. 4 was when Rast promised to slice of a slab of bacon off Lady Piggy and Jon just slowly burned.  Of course, I knew what was going to do in the next scene (loved the rope-as-gag).
290	tybeechris	2011-05-11	I love the way Sansa is played. I have the distinct feeling those who do not think Sansa is spot on have never dealt with a dramatic, "I'll die if I don't have that," or "I hate you," 13 year old girl. 
The character is drawn to make us cringe at her 13-year-old naivete and that is exactly what is happening.
291	Noir Dove	2011-05-11	Hey kids,
First time posting. I am a complete newb to the series. I saw the Ads on HBO and just had to give it a try. After the first episode I ran out and bought GoT. I just completely fell in love. So, Seeing as I'm sure many of you are well seasoned ASoIaF fans I thought a newcomers perspective might be enjoyable to some of you.
Thorne
     I have to thank my inner primal beast for this one. I was completely floored by the scene in the   
     mess hall. When he said "Eating the horses was easy." I knew what was coming and I got chills.
Dany
      She is just incredible, growing stronger and more confident with each episode. 
Jon
     I have a feeling that myself being of the female persuasion is causing me to be much more 
     sympathetic towards Jon/Kit than some of my male counterparts. I find his performance to be 
     splendid. Not the best of the show, but easily one of my favorites.
And last... I'd like to comment on Samwell. I have just reached his part in the book. And I found his   
     story to not only be heartbreaking but almost... up lifting. At least in my twisted mind it's 
     uplifting. He got away and can make himself anew. I think as I continue my trek into to  
     he world I may find myself becoming quite fond of Sam.
					
					
							Edited by DeltaSwan90, 11 May 2011 - 10:20 PM.
292	lynxx	2011-05-12	Hi, Delta Swan. 
Next best thing to reading GoT for the first time is reading the thoughts of someone else who is reading it for the first time.
Welcome.
293	Vestrit	2011-05-12	I love the way Sansa is played. I have the distinct feeling those who do not think Sansa is spot on have never dealt with a dramatic, "I'll die if I don't have that," or "I hate you," 13 year old girl. The character is drawn to make us cringe at her 13-year-old naivete and that is exactly what is happening.Yep, agree totally with this.Yes, Sansa is irritating and cringe-worthy. That's kind of the point, and I think Sophie Turner is doing a really good job of portraying her. Looking forward to seeing how she portrays character development
294	Songlian	2011-05-12	I love the way Sansa is played. So do I. She's definitely one of my favorites in the show and I think her skills match those of Maisie Williams, only Sophie's role is harder to like.
295	Noir Dove	2011-05-12	Hi, Delta Swan. Next best thing to reading GoT for the first time is reading the thoughts of someone else who is reading it for the first time.Welcome.Thanks lynxx.Thrilled, does not even begin to describe how I feel about finding this series. Being a fantasy fan, I cannot believe I've gone this long without knowing about it! I suppose it's all for the best considering the wait in between books. I don't envy you 96'ers that. I'm sure I'll be back on Sunday with more newb opinions. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I would also like to comment on Sansa. Teenager. Teenager. Teenager.Robb is almost an adult (I am speaking on the HBO ages not the books) Sitting as lord of Winterfell. Arya, Bran, and Rickton are still squirrly children exploring and enjoying life (Poor Bran not so much these days) But Sansa, she is 13. There is nothing a 13 year old like to do better than be irritated at parents and talk about boys. I find her preformace to be stiff, annoying, and brooding. But that's EXACTLY how I feel someone in Sansa's position would be acting.
296	Warg Arry	2011-05-13	welcome DeltaSwan. I love your Av!
I'd echo lynxx..Except, I'd add that 
I'm a little envious. Ah to read them the first time. I'm up to 6. And they are still awesome. but the first read. that experience you'll never have again. I'm glad to see you are enjoying it. 
Peter Dinklage is just a total winner playing Tyrion. I love him as much as in the book. He's seriously hitting all the right notes for me.
King Robbert..Mark Addy..Just perfect character portrayal. I'm totally getting that - Once was a great man..Now just can't find it in himself to care - vibe from him.
though he didn't have a lot of screen time this episode. When you saw him, He is King Robert.
Ghost - when ghost appeared on screen, I actually let out a fangirly squeal. a sound I never knew I was even capable of.
Sophie Turner is fantastic as Sansa. though she is playing her as the broody pouty teen I know and don't really like. watching the show. I'm feeling more empathy for her. Her dad was suppose to stand up for her and protect and provide her wants, needs and interests. Sansa is a romantic. and I never considered she may hold a romanticised ideal of her father. Obviously she feels deeply hurt and betrayed because her father took the life of the thing she loved and saw herself in, Lady.
Maisie as Arya  is just win. just like Kit is Jon.
The only one I'm jarred by when watching these last episodes is Lena Headey. don't get me wrong. she is a talented and beautiful actress. but I'm finding it hard to reconcile her with Cersei. Or at least the mental image  had of her. I'm sure that will change in the up coming episodes.
Just overall I'm really loving the show.
297	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-13	Having watched it properly now, I have to say I'm impressed with pretty much all of the character portrayals. I particularly loved Jaime and Jory's exchange (Jaime would have refused to take the letter - he hates games and politics, he hates the idea that Ned can give him orders and he was angry because his reminiscence of fighting, which makes him feel alive, was interrupted by a reminder that Robert is disrespecting Cersei by making Jaime guard an orgy).
I also think Sophie Turner as Sansa is one of my favourite portrayals in the show - of course she looks like a whiny teenager, that's exactly what she's meant to be!
In this episode, I had no problem with anybody's acting at all.
Gregor looks terrific, in both meanings of the word and I can't wait for next episode. Now a lot of the character basics  and backstories have been set we can get some more nuances and action.
Special mention also goes to Allister Thorne who I thought was exceptionally well played.
298	Drowned Princess	2011-05-23	No one's brought him up anywhere yet, but I think Lancel is the most hilarious thing on telly. He's so wet, it's brilliant.
299	Timbits	2011-06-19	Took a double take when I saw Gendry "is that chris from skins?" /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> but he played him well. Can't wait to see him in season 2.
300	Ran	2011-05-02	HBO has put up the preview for the next episode, "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things", which you can see here. Feel free to discuss it!
301	NW Deserter	2011-05-02	Really pumped about this episode, I feel like episode 3 got us to the top of the first rollercoaster drop and from here on out, we're on a wild ride.
We finally get to see Hodor! ...he is cast, right? I hope they use the back-basket with him and Bran. Also, if I'm remembering the timeline correctly, we should meet Osha next week, right? Which means we'll get to see both Summer and Grey Wind on-screen at the same time!
Tournament should be fun to watch. I hope they do a good job developing the Hound with Sansa. This is the time in the books when we realize who this guy really is.
Also hope we keep seeing scenes of Arya and Syrio, I know it's not super-necessary for the plot (until the downfall of the Starks obviously) but Arya is obviously a fan-favorite right now.
Only 6 more days!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
302	howland_reed	2011-05-02	Yeah I feel Episode 3 was very much like the pilot and concerned itself with setting the pieces on the chess board.  We now know though almost all the major characters have been introduced (sans Lysa), so the action should pick up from here.
I'm curious if the show will show us more of Benjen's encounter with the White Walkers.  I say this mainly cause I know some friends who were intrigued by the prologue of the pilot, but are getting antsy about seeing the White Walkers again...and as a book reader, we already know we won't see them at all till season 2, so maybe they'll use Benjen's ranging as an opportunity to show more action.
303	Huan	2011-05-02	is it true they took out the Hound and Sansa's convo?I really hope this is just a rumor, or that the conversation has only been moved, if it's not during the tournament. It's the Hound's most important conversation in GOT (really, his only significant speaking part IIRC). Rory McCann read from it during his audition for the Hound.
304	Huan	2011-05-02	Also interesting that the preview appears to have Sansa telling Littlefinger "I won't tell anyone" on the stands at the tournament. That's a line I would ascribe to the end of her conversation with Sandor. Wonder if they changed things up or if it's another voiceover trick.
305	Slick Mongoose	2011-05-02	You can hear a bit of it in the preview.....
306	A Redeemed Hound	2011-05-02	I do pray there is an extended director's cut of the dvd when it is released.  How cool would that be?!?!?!?
307	Maltaran	2011-05-02	We finally get to see Hodor! ...he is cast, right? You can actually see him carrying Bran in the preview, the end of the Tyrion/Robb scene where Tyrion's walking out. No basket yet, though.
308	emmank	2011-05-02	uuuuum.... yeah. I really hope we don't hear the Hound's backstory come out of Littlefinger's mouth. I don't know why, but since seeing that preview I have this terrible suspicion that they did change this. They COULDN'T do that, could they??? It's one of his highlights from AGoT. Please someone tell me my suspicions are completely unfounded. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
309	PhoenixFlame	2011-05-02	Are there any screencaps of Loras yet? I'm curious to see what he looks like. 
Gaaah, I want sound Houndage! He's one of my favorite characters!
310	DragonAge93	2011-05-02	Can't wait for the tournament. Was one of my favorite parts in AGoT. Am also looking forward to Tyrion's capture at the Inn, which I believe is in this episode.
311	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-03	You can actually see him carrying Bran in the preview, the end of the Tyrion/Robb scene where Tyrion's walking out. No basket yet, though.That's my main objection to CSI Cat in the TV show. She should not have truly suspected the Lannisters of Bran's fall and assassination attempt until after she reached KL. Tyrion was meant to be much better received by Robb et al, and his cordial relations was part of what had Tyrion design the Hodor basket for Bran. I think it was a nice part of GoT and the whole CSI finding of the blonde hair ruined it.That dragon bone Valyrian steel knife should have been enough to send Cat off in pursuit of Ned, just as it was in the book.
312	Mazikeen	2011-05-03	Actually, Robb received Tyrion with a bare sword across his knees and pretty much implied that he's not welcome at Winterfell. Maester Luwin or Ser Rodrick force him to apologise after Tyrion hands the special saddle design to the Winterfell master of horse, but it wasn't heartfelt and Robb was never cordial to Tyrion.
313	TheEvilKing	2011-05-03	Can't wait for the tournament. Was one of my favorite parts in AGoT. Am also looking forward to Tyrion's capture at the Inn, which I believe is in this episode.Same. Also looking forward to Tyron at Winterfell. The scene with Theon looks intriguing.
314	Slick Mongoose	2011-05-03	I wonder if they'll play up Jory's role in the tourney?
315	Ran	2011-05-03	She should not have truly suspected the Lannisters of Bran's fall and assassination attempt until after she reached KL.Not true:"My sister Lysa believes the Lannisters murdered her husband, Lord Arryn, the Hand of the King," Catelyn told them. "It comes to me that Jaime Lannister did not join the hunt the day Bran fell. He remained here in the castle." The room was deathly quiet. "I do not think Bran fell from that tower," she said into the stillness. "I think he was thrown."The shock was plain on their faces. "My lady, that is a monstrous suggestion," said Rodrik Cassel. "Even the Kingslayer would flinch at the murder of an innocent child.""Oh, would he?" Theon Greyjoy asked. "I wonder.""There is no limit to Lannister pride or Lannister ambition," Catelyn said.They definitely had their suspects.
316	Eddard house stark	2011-05-03	The fact that the direwolves specifically ghost have been totally ignored has made this nothing more than a poorly acted soap opera. The character development and poor insight on the part of the directors has disappointed me. If you did not read the books you would have no idea what is going on. Further the characters are so poorly developed that each incident seems to have occurred in a vacuum with no connection or significance to other characters. This will get cancelled before season two begins filming
317	Manakhkubar	2011-05-03	The fact that the direwolves specifically ghost have been totally ignored has made this nothing more than a poorly acted soap opera. The character development and poor insight on the part of the directors has disappointed me. If you did not read the books you would have no idea what is going on. Further the characters are so poorly developed that each incident seems to have occurred in a vacuum with no connection or significance to other characters. This will get cancelled before season two begins filmingHere we go. Reasons why the Series will be cancelled early I read about so far:* boy fiction* too literal adaption of the book* not literal adaption enough* it's fantasy* it's not enough fantasy* and now: Song of Ice and Fire is a soap opera without enough GhostI personally think it will fail because of Martin's inability of creating sympathic, realistic characters - his hilarious gray villains won't keep a sufficient part of audience glued to the screen opposed to the book.I personally'd say the whole thing would work just as well without a single wolf anywhere but on coat of arms.
318	Volderon	2011-05-03	I believe the series will be cancelled because Ned Stark will have one hair out of place in one scene and it will TOTALLY distract EVERYONE!
Sarcasm if you could tell...lol.
319	El Duderino	2011-05-03	Really pumped about this episode, I feel like episode 3 got us to the top of the first rollercoaster drop and from here on out, we're on a wild ride.We finally get to see Hodor! ...he is cast, right? I hope they use the back-basket with him and Bran. Also, if I'm remembering the timeline correctly, we should meet Osha next week, right? Which means we'll get to see both Summer and Grey Wind on-screen at the same time!Tournament should be fun to watch. I hope they do a good job developing the Hound with Sansa. This is the time in the books when we realize who this guy really is.Also hope we keep seeing scenes of Arya and Syrio, I know it's not super-necessary for the plot (until the downfall of the Starks obviously) but Arya is obviously a fan-favorite right now.Only 6 more days!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />is this in fact the ep w/ the wildling attack on Bran; do they get his saddle design and him riding all in this episode? Ran?? hoping it is, we need more direwolves
320	NW Deserter	2011-05-03	The fact that the direwolves specifically ghost have been totally ignored has made this nothing more than a poorly acted soap opera. The character development and poor insight on the part of the directors has disappointed me. If you did not read the books you would have no idea what is going on. Further the characters are so poorly developed that each incident seems to have occurred in a vacuum with no connection or significance to other characters. This will get cancelled before season two begins filmingI can only assume this is a poor attempt at trolling.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
321	Eddard house stark	2011-05-03	Why
322	Eddard house stark	2011-05-03	The adaption of the book is as half ass as I have ever seen. They introduce characters rapidly without any significant depth so the average viewer could care less. They neglect major important characters and there significance while minimizing significant events. The interaction amongst cast members with the exception of Ned and Arya is flat and without flavor. Oh yeah where the hell is ghost
323	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-03	The fact that the direwolves specifically ghost have been totally ignored has made this nothing more than a poorly acted soap opera. The character development and poor insight on the part of the directors has disappointed me. If you did not read the books you would have no idea what is going on. Further the characters are so poorly developed that each incident seems to have occurred in a vacuum with no connection or significance to other characters. This will get cancelled before season two begins filmingDo you really believe that? So far the feedback from new viewers is that they have as much idea of what is going on as new readers did at this point: some have worked out some pretty popular fan theories on just 3 "poor" episodes. Secondly, in what way does having Direwolves stop GoT being a soap opera nd in what way is it one without them? The Direwolves HAVE been in all the significant scenes that they were involved with in the books. Ghost isn't meant to have a starring role yet. I think the characterisation has been good, and though some events don't seem connected (i.e. between the wall and KL and the Dothraki) they didn't seem any more connected in the book at this point - less so even. Given the number of characters introduced in 3 episodes, which is huge, the characterisation has been, I think, unparalled and i don't know what shows you think you have seen which have done a better or faster job with an even nearly comparable character sheet. The acting has also been strong IMOSHO, and with a few exceptions (which nobody seems to agree on except maybe Lena Headley very unfairly) most viewers have been positive about the acting of all the cast. I don't think it's perfect, but no adaptation can be the same as the book and still be successful in another medium, and very few have borne as well to their subject material as GoT so far in my opinion, and this is from someone who did not enjoy the first 500 pages of the first book at all but has had far more pleasure from the TV show probably because I know what is to come.
324	Arataniello	2011-05-03	The adaption of the book is as half ass as I have ever seen. They introduce characters rapidly without any significant depth so the average viewer couldn't care less. They neglect major important characters and their significance while minimizing significant events. The interaction amongst cast members with the exception of Ned and Arya is flat and without flavor. Oh yeah where the hell is ghost[mod]I do not disagree with you on some points.  However, this thread is for discussion of the Episode 4 preview, rather than critiques of the series as a whole. [/mod]
325	DragonAge93	2011-05-03	Eh just ignore those who says the adaption is "half-assed". It's an adaption, which means it's not going to be spot on. Things are going to be changed.
But I've also been wondering where Ghost has been. We didn't even get a shot of him yet, which is kind of disappointing because I really want to see him.
326	Huan	2011-05-03	uuuuum.... yeah. I really hope we don't hear the Hound's backstory come out of Littlefinger's mouth. I don't know why, but since seeing that preview I have this terrible suspicion that they did change this. They COULDN'T do that, could they??? It's one of his highlights from AGoT. Please someone tell me my suspicions are completely unfounded. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Back to speculation about the Episode 4 preview: I echo your emotion.... I'm guessing they did a voiceover from a different scene though, which HBO seems to like to do in the previews. Otherwise, what would Sansa be promising Littlefinger she won't tell anyone? That he's in love with her mother? Or that he's going to rescue her from King's Landing and give her a new identity? Or that he's plotting to get her father beheaded? Or perhaps that his big scar is not actually from his duel with Brandon Stark, but was inflicted by his big brother Middlefinger? /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
327	Trebond	2011-05-03	I really hope this is just a rumor, or that the conversation has only been moved, if it's not during the tournament. It's the Hound's most important conversation in GOT (really, his only significant speaking part IIRC). Rory McCann read from it during his audition for the Hound.Where are these terrible, heart-breaking rumours coming from?! If they take out that scene, I believe I shall cry.
328	Huan	2011-05-03	Where are these terrible, heart-breaking rumours coming from?! If they take out that scene, I believe I shall cry.In WIC's episode 2 recap there's the following: "Hey San/San fans! Our first Sansa and Sandor interaction. Enjoy it as it seems some of their later exchanges have been cut." Don't know if this statement is based on hearsay or fact, however. Trying not to worry, but if the tournament scene is cut I'll be very sad.
329	moonjump05	2011-05-04	In WIC's episode 2 recap there's the following: "Hey San/San fans! Our first Sansa and Sandor interaction. Enjoy it as it seems some of their later exchanges have been cut." Don't know if this statement is based on hearsay or fact, however. Trying not to worry, but if the tournament scene is cut I'll be very sad.As a big fan of both, I'd be totally bummed if it was cut. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
330	Amir Mishali	2011-05-04	is this in fact the ep w/ the wildling attack on Bran; do they get his saddle design and him riding all in this episode? Ran?? hoping it is, we need more direwolvesMy guess is we'll get the wildlings attack only in episode 5.
331	El Duderino	2011-05-04	In WIC's episode 2 recap there's the following: "Hey San/San fans! Our first Sansa and Sandor interaction. Enjoy it as it seems some of their later exchanges have been cut." Don't know if this statement is based on hearsay or fact, however. Trying not to worry, but if the tournament scene is cut I'll be very sad.well being that WIC pre-screened the first 6 eps, he's obv alluding to the tourney scene being cut. Extremely disappointing.
332	malek	2011-05-04	Is this the episode where we will finally see Bronn ?
333	Spanky	2011-05-04	If they take out the scene between Sansa and Sandor, then this is the first time I'll be seriously angry at the show and not just nit-picky.  It's one of my favorite scenes, and a well-known fan favorite as well.  I'll seriously question the judgment of the show creators if it's removed.
334	Jambo	2011-05-04	Really pumped about this episode, I feel like episode 3 got us to the top of the first rollercoaster drop and from here on out, we're on a wild ride.We finally get to see Hodor! ...he is cast, right? Hodor was actually in the first episode for a few seconds. He was standing off to the left as all the Starks were lined up, while the King is arriving in Winterfell.
335	Quithrill	2011-05-04	I'm guessing the tourney melee will be cut as well, because when Ned read the proposed cost of the tournament he didn't mention it's reward.
336	Ran	2011-05-04	The note actually lists all the events.
Episode 4 introduces Bronn, yes.
337	Werthead	2011-05-04	I could be wrong, but it appears that the next episode introduces:
Bronn, Marillion, Loras, Hodor, Masha Heddle, Gregor and Ser Hugh of the Vale.
Osha comes in around either Episode 5 or 6, I'd guess. Gendry should show up around then as well.
Something that was bugging me was the lack of any mention of Stannis in the last episode. Not even a "Where's Stannis?" "My brother has returned to Dragonstone for a while." "Fair enough." HBO have him on the Baratheon family tree and it sounds like they're casting for him, so maybe they're dropping the idea of him and Jon Arryn exposing the Lannisters together and instead Jon will have done it himself?
338	Houndred	2011-05-04	Looks like Samwell will be introduced as well /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
339	All-for-Joffrey	2011-05-04	Where are these terrible, heart-breaking rumours coming from?! If they take out that scene, I believe I shall cry.In the preview you hear someone (I'm assuming Sansa) saying "I promise I won't tell anyone" or something to that effect. This sounds suspiciously like what Sansa would say after the Hound threatens to kill her if she told anyone. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
340	DecoyRunner	2011-05-05	I personally think it will fail because of Martin's inability of creating sympathic, realistic characters - his hilarious gray villains won't keep a sufficient part of audience glued to the screen opposed to the book.I personally'd say the whole thing would work just as well without a single wolf anywhere but on coat of arms.I agree that Martin focuses heavily on the darker, bleaker side of human relationships. Even his moments of love or joy seem restrained. For me, this does not take away from the enjoyment of the story, but I could see it becoming a problem when trying to keep an expensive show on the air.Some might see the enormous size of the ASOIAF universe as a hindrance to the show, but it should be its strength. There is ample opportunity for the writers to introduce new characters and events in every single episode. Character development can take a back seat for a while imo. Purists will moan but they are not in the majority. Those that are want an obvious and immediate reason not to change the channel, and to come back next week. And then buy the DVDs.I'm predicting an end after three seasons unless they can get Joss Whedon or Chris Carter on board. Preferably both.
					
					
							Edited by DecoyRunner, 05 May 2011 - 12:53 AM.
341	Mazikeen	2011-05-05	In the preview you hear someone (I'm assuming Sansa) saying "I promise I won't tell anyone" or something to that effect. This sounds suspiciously like what Sansa would say after the Hound threatens to kill her if she told anyone. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I just watched the character feature for Littlefinger and there is a scene in there where Sansa clearly tells this to Littlefinger, at the tourney.
342	Huan	2011-05-05	I just watched the character feature for Littlefinger and there is a scene in there where Sansa clearly tells this to Littlefinger, at the tourney.Good detective work! For anyone else interested, here's the video: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=3fAOOJpaKaU . Check out the dialog at 1:07. This does strengthen the possibility that they've moved some of the Sansa-Sandor dialog to Sansa-Petyr. Ack!!!!! Say it ain't so... /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  Guess we'll have to wait until Sunday to find out for sure.
343	Hyper	2011-05-05	I'm really not sure why people are so obsessed about any Sansa/Sandor interaction. It's not something that has a significant plot effect - but then again fans sometimes obsess of minor details.
344	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-05	I too will be disappointed if they leave out the Sansa/Sandor exchanged, but surely there will be plenty of time to have the two of them interact during season 2, no? They could even move that exchange to season 2 with little problem I think.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 05 May 2011 - 11:00 AM.
345	Spanky	2011-05-05	I'm really not sure why people are so obsessed about any Sansa/Sandor interaction. It's not something that has a significant plot effect - but then again fans sometimes obsess of minor details.It's the foundation for what makes the Hound such a great character.  He may not be pivotal to an overarching plot or whatever, but he's an amazing character, and not minor at all, considering all the stuff he and Arya go through in Storm of Swords.  Taking that scene out is like neutering the character.
346	Trackrunner	2011-05-05	It's also one of the first moments of compassion we see from Sansa.  It lets the audience know she's not a completely selfish brat, and I think it's especially important considering we don't get to hear Sansa's inner thoughts (such as when she feels sad after Ser Hugh dies during the joust).
347	Daenerys	2011-05-05	Osha comes in around either Episode 5 or 6, I'd guess. Gendry should show up around then as well.Gendry might be seen in this episode. According to a description of Ep. 4 "Ned looks to a book for clues to the death of his predecessor, and uncovers one of King RobertÂ<U+0092>s (Mark Addy) bastards." Is that Gendry or someone else? Does Ned find another one first? I don't remember that but it might be in the book.
348	Greylander	2011-05-05	How about that sneak peak??  New conversation twixt Tyrion and Theon (or have I somehow forgotten ti from the books???).  D&D are definitely looking ahead -- setting up some motivation for Theon's eventual betrayal (and explainng who the hell he is in the bargain).  And how about the the foreshadowing wildfire on the Blackwater:  "Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive."  Brilliant!About Sansador+:  the best time in the show to provide the audience with the  Sandor/Gregor backstory is right there when they are fighting (or immediately prior).  So if it is Littlefinger who divulges the info, that would be why.  This does not mean that Sansador cannot have an intense conversation or two vis a vis her staring at his scars and such.+it's either that, or  "Sanda"...   I just googled to be sure:  You read it here first!  Do Sansador have any future in ASoIaF?  Dancing Dragons may tell...
349	daimonion	2011-05-05	About Sansador+:  the best time in the show to provide the audience with the  Sandor/Gregor backstory is right there when they are fighting (or immediately prior).  So if it is Littlefinger who divulges the info, that would be why.  This does not mean that Sansador cannot have an intense conversation or two vis a vis her staring at his scars and such.Actually this makes a lot of sense, and ALMOST makes me like the idea. And the "I won't tell anyone"-line was clearly not pasted over, so i suppose this is how they have chosen to do it.At least i can understand and partly appreciate this change. I very, very strongly assume they will give us some more SanSan stuff, if not this particular (favorite) one.
350	El Duderino	2011-05-05	I agree that Martin focuses heavily on the darker, bleaker side of human relationships. Even his moments of love or joy seem restrained. For me, this does not take away from the enjoyment of the story, but I could see it becoming a problem when trying to keep an expensive show on the air.Some might see the enormous size of the ASOIAF universe as a hindrance to the show, but it should be its strength. There is ample opportunity for the writers to introduce new characters and events in every single episode. Character development can take a back seat for a while imo. Purists will moan but they are not in the majority. Those that are want an obvious and immediate reason not to change the channel, and to come back next week. And then buy the DVDs.I'm predicting an end after three seasons unless they can get Joss Whedon or Chris Carter on board. Preferably both.f'ing rotflmao
351	El Duderino	2011-05-05	I'm really not sure why people are so obsessed about any Sansa/Sandor interaction. It's not something that has a significant plot effect - but then again fans sometimes obsess of minor details.probably bc the Hound is a huge fan favorite and one of the more interesting characters in the entire series
352	Greylander	2011-05-05	How did I forget we already have SanSan?  Alas, the Sansador meme may suffer an early extinction...
353	Hyper	2011-05-06	Here's preview clip #2 from the episode. 
Sansa & Septa Mordane discuss royal succession and what will be expected of Sansa in the throne room: http://www.youtube.c...yer_profilepage
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 06 May 2011 - 12:50 PM.
354	PestilencE	2011-05-06	I like how a lot of informative exchanges take place in the throne room. It's a good reminder for the viewer that, after all, it's all about the Iron Throne. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
355	Daenerys	2011-05-06	I like how a lot of informative exchanges take place in the throne room. It's a good reminder for the viewer that, after all, it's all about the Iron Throne. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah, good point. But are we ever going to see anyone actually sit on this throne? The room is always empty!
356	Rand	2011-05-06	Gendry might be seen in this episode. According to a description of Ep. 4 "Ned looks to a book for clues to the death of his predecessor, and uncovers one of King RobertÂ<U+0092>s (Mark Addy) bastards." Is that Gendry or someone else? Does Ned find another one first? I don't remember that but it might be in the book.I could be wrong but I believe the first bastard Ned finds is a whore's infant child.  Gendry should come after that.For the Sansa/Sandor thing, I'm not overly attached to it so hopefully I can be impartial.  But if the balked at having a 13 year old Dany getting married off to the big barbarian Khal Drogo for the TV audience and aged her up, perhaps they were also nervous at doing what's almost or at least could be mistaken as a romantic relationship between the big Hound and a Sansa that is actually supposed to be & looks 13?  I mean there's a point in ACoK that it seems like he's almost about to rape her.  While it's not all that different having Littlefinger be into her instead, you at least have the established relationship of a unrequited love with Catelyn plus he would be easier to pass off as a creepy weirdo when it comes to underage girls.  I'm not necessarily agreeing with or trying to justify the potential changes, just looking for a reason they may have made them for the HBO series.
357	Quithrill	2011-05-06	3 scenes from the episode are up at http://primetime.unr...-spoiler-clips/
358	undertow	2011-05-07	Does anyone think that Ep 4 will begin with a flashback?  Arya's sparring with Syrio had Ned watching, hearing the clash of steel, and having a constipated look on his face.  
I think we're getting Osha in this episode. Tyrion is giving his saddle-thingy to Bran, so it would be a good time to have some action up north.
359	PestilencE	2011-05-07	Yeah, good point. But are we ever going to see anyone actually sit on this throne? The room is always empty!Yeah, we'll definitely have scenes of that later on. Hopefully they won't overuse that "technique" of having important dialogues happening in the empty room /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
360	zippypoodle	2011-05-07	The fact that the direwolves specifically ghost have been totally ignored has made this nothing more than a poorly acted soap opera. The character development and poor insight on the part of the directors has disappointed me. If you did not read the books you would have no idea what is going on. Further the characters are so poorly developed that each incident seems to have occurred in a vacuum with no connection or significance to other characters. This will get cancelled before season two begins filmingSeriously, the direwolves are all that matters? I think your analysis is pretty silly. Everyone I've seen on message boards or talked to in real life who are show watchers but not book readers likes it.
361	zippypoodle	2011-05-07	Good detective work! For anyone else interested, here's the video: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=3fAOOJpaKaU . Check out the dialog at 1:07. This does strengthen the possibility that they've moved some of the Sansa-Sandor dialog to Sansa-Petyr. Ack!!!!! Say it ain't so... /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  Guess we'll have to wait until Sunday to find out for sure.If this is the case, it's probably because the Sansa/Petyr relationship ends up being more important because Petyr is obsessed with her because she looks like Cat and eventually runs off with her to the Eyrie. Whereas Sandor has little to do with Sansa in the long run, although he does comfort her at times.I admit that I would miss the Sansa/Sandor conversation for many reasons, one being that it is one of the things that starts to awaken Sansa to the realities of the world. But I could live without it, I think.
362	mitsuk0	2011-05-08	is it the hound or petyr that says to sansa... "life is not a song sweetling; someday you may learn that to your sorrow".. thats my fav quote of the series.... hope that is put in
363	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-08	In the books it's the Hound that says it.
364	Huan	2011-05-08	is it the hound or petyr that says to sansa... "life is not a song sweetling; someday you may learn that to your sorrow".. thats my fav quote of the series.... hope that is put inIn the books it's the Hound that says it.It's definitely Littlefinger that says it to Sansa, after Sansa has been watching her father in court and explains to Littlefinger why she would have sent Ser Loras to kill Gregor. (edited for spelling)
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 08 May 2011 - 12:16 PM.
365	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-08	We finally get to see Hodor! ...he is cast, right?He actually made his first appearance in the first episode. Westeros.org has also posted an interesting interview with the actor.
366	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	HBO's tv blurb for tonight's episode says:Ned looks for clues; Robert and his guests witness a tournament; Viserys clashes with Daenerys; Sansa imagines her future as queen.Viserys clashes with Daenerys--LOL, as one of the smart nOObs noted in the 'Still Reading' thread:  For somebody who's always warning others not to 'wake the dragon' (incur his anger), he sure doesn't hesitate to run around waking everybody else's dragons!  Pretty thick, really, when there's 40,000 people on one side and exactly zero on your side.Less than four hours to go!!  tick...tick...tick... /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
367	Huan	2011-05-08	HBO's tv blurb for tonight's episode says:Ned looks for clues; Robert and his guests witness a tournament; Viserys clashes with Daenerys; Sansa imagines her future as queen.Also in the blurb: "Arya envisions a far different future." Is this where she finds the dragon skulls and overhears Illyrio and Varys, or would that be in a later episode? edit: never mind, the blurb for Episode 5 includes "Arya overhears a plot against her father." so I guess that's not what "Arya envisions a far different future." refers to. Are we going to get more water dancing?
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 08 May 2011 - 05:01 PM.
368	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	Also in the blurb: "Arya envisions a far different future." Is this where she finds the dragon skulls and overhears Illyrio and Varys, or would that be in a later episode? edit: never mind, the blurb for Episode 5 includes "Arya overhears a plot against her father." so I guess that's not what "Arya envisions a far different future." refers to. Are we going to get more water dancing?How very strange--my blurb doesn't mention Ayra.   How come my your blurb says more than my blurb?  I've been scant-blurbed!  LOL, that is weird, though.. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
369	Shillen	2011-05-08	It's the foundation for what makes the Hound such a great character.  He may not be pivotal to an overarching plot or whatever, but he's an amazing character, and not minor at all, considering all the stuff he and Arya go through in Storm of Swords.  Taking that scene out is like neutering the character.I don't think they really care about who is an important character in season 3 at this point.  The fact is the hound is not very important in the first book and does not need a lot of screen time in season 1.  If we get to a season 3 there will be ample opportunity to reveal the hound as a character.
					
					
							Edited by Shillen, 08 May 2011 - 05:33 PM.
370	oneeye	2011-05-08	37 more minutes argh
371	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	37 more minutes argh36
372	blackbrother	2011-05-08	Just 1 thing to say!
Ghost!
For now lol!
					
					
							Edited by blackbrother, 08 May 2011 - 08:37 PM.
373	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-08	It's definitely Littlefinger that says it to Sansa, after Sansa has been watching her father in court and explains to Littlefinger why she would have sent Ser Loras to kill Gregor. (edited for spelling)Huh, I totally didn't remember that. I definitely need to reread all the books before the 5th one comes out.
374	Triskan	2011-05-12	A couple of quick questions based on my lack of strong recollection of the books:
1)  When Ned says "yes" to the question about if he has anyone he trusts, is he referring to Jory specifically, or just speaking more broadly?   
2)  Does Tyrion actually give Bran a saddle guide as a gift?  I suspect the answer is "yes", but I just do not recall this detail from my two readings, the most recent of which was 3-4 years ago.
375	iheartseverus	2011-05-12	A couple of quick questions based on my lack of strong recollection of the books:1)  When Ned says "yes" to the question about if he has anyone he trusts, is he referring to Jory specifically, or just speaking more broadly?   2)  Does Tyrion actually give Bran a saddle guide as a gift?  I suspect the answer is "yes", but I just do not recall this detail from my two readings, the most recent of which was 3-4 years ago.1.  ummm, off the top of my head, yes, Jory.2.  Absolutely yes, and it changes Bran's life, makes him free and whole as he ever can be.  It was a wonderful gift, a gift of freedom and pride and a return to life for a boy who'd lost everything.  A pretty young mare was trained especially for Bran, she responded to his reins and voice rather than leg movements and the way GRRM described Bran's first ride outside the walls just brought tears to my eyes.  A wonderful gift, a wonderful scene.
376	Triskan	2011-05-12	2.  Absolutely yes, and it changes Bran's life, makes him free and whole as he ever can be.  It was a wonderful gift, a gift of freedom and pride and a return to life for a boy who'd lost everything.  A pretty young mare was trained especially for Bran, she responded to his reins and voice rather than leg movements and the way GRRM described Bran's first ride outside the walls just brought tears to my eyes.  A wonderful gift, a wonderful scene.Merci beaucoup.  I cannot believe that I could not recollect that storyline.  Can't wait until Bran levels up in freedom and start warging.
377	Ran	2011-05-08	Book spoiler discussion of the episode, titled "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things", when it's available. Please don't post before then.
378	Xenophon	2011-05-08	Dream Sequence = Epic Win!
They're making up for lost time in making Theon loathsome.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 08 May 2011 - 08:09 PM.
379	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	3 eyed crow
will they give Theon a name???
380	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-08	HODOR!
381	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	Hodor looks older than I imagined
382	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	Greyjoy!!! they said it.
383	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-08	Nice summary of the Greyjoy recent history there.
384	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	awesome scene; they give a little Greyjoy background and Tyrion gets to rub Theon's face in it
385	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-08	Ser Piggy!
386	Rigormortis	2011-05-08	Loving it so far /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
387	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	I like Doreah
388	Xenophon	2011-05-08	Didn't like that Jorah/Dany scene.  They seem to be speeding up her distaste for slavery/his backstory.  But it feels odd given that she's still with and loving Drogo (i.e. the world's greatest slave-trader).
Viserys is even a jerk in sack!  I'm glad they gave the backstory about the Dragons to him.  The more we get to see of him the better.
Too many backstory scenes in a row.
Goddamn it Ned, you can't even ask for a book without insulting the Grand Maester.  Even if you do think he's complicit, why be so rude?
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 08 May 2011 - 08:25 PM.
389	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	dancing classes
390	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	they didn't add the 'that's Sansa' to "That's not me"
391	Xenophon	2011-05-08	No direwolves permitted on the elevator up the Wall, apparently.
392	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	Gendry does look like Renly.
393	Xenophon	2011-05-08	Gendry does look like Renly.Yeah, they've done a good job with the family resemblances.They're really doing an excellent job of making Jaime more sympathetic.  I wonder if new viewers are going to become like the readers who forget his pushing Bran out the window.Ghost sighting!!!
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 08 May 2011 - 08:39 PM.
394	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	nice touch to have Renly's mom be a blonde.
I think we might get a Direwolf sighting...
395	Xenophon	2011-05-08	I like how they spread out Dany taking charge between the two episodes.
Sam and Jon Ho Yay!  I dread the slash fic this scene has just created.
Wait, don't they have some sort of birth control in Westeros?  You'll need a better excuse than that Jon Snow!
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 08 May 2011 - 08:45 PM.
396	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	and now they're making THORNE somewhat sympathetic!!! /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
397	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	they CAN"T let Petyr tell her this story.
this is the first decision they've made that I REALLY dislike
398	Xenophon	2011-05-08	What was Hugh doing in the joust?  He didn't seem to even be trying to hit the mountain--is that in the books?
399	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	the deal with Ser Hugh was that he was incompetent, never should have been made a knight and he didn't have a squire of his own to help him prepare for the joust
400	House Snow	2011-05-08	Ok that last scene was just freaking amazing.  What a great episode.  EAsily the best one for me.  Easily.
401	legba11	2011-05-08	Another great episode.  Gotten 3 out of 4 of the final scenes right in predictions.
Funny, the opening sequence resolved 3 out of the 5 major complaints we fans have had...
402	Ser Greguh	2011-05-08	Seeing Ghost made me happy.
Hearing Ghost made me sad.
403	Chislev	2011-05-08	they CAN"T let Petyr tell her this story.this is the first decision they've made that I REALLY dislike+1
404	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-08	There were some really great scenes in that episode. Very tight, efficient storytelling as well.
405	Charles Phipps	2011-05-08	+1Eh, I don't mind just yet. They're building up Sandor to be a man of mystery and setting up Littlefinger as the guy who has an unhealthy interest in a 15 year old girl.
406	Blue Steel	2011-05-08	What was Hugh doing in the joust?  He didn't seem to even be trying to hit the mountain--is that in the books?Yes it was.  He was in the joust and the Mountain killed him.
407	SergioCQH	2011-05-08	Fantastic episode. Bryan Cogman did a wonderful job.
408	CelticCail	2011-05-08	My favorite episode so far.  They finally get into some history so I can stop explaining it to all my family and friends.  Seriously, mother's day dinner was a Westeros history lesson tonight!  
I didn't feel rushed for the first time.  I was really happy about the three-eyed crow dream.  I'm glad Ghost made an appearance but you don't AT ALL get the inseparable connection thing which sucks.  I love Sam, Gendry, Hodor, and The Mountain!!!  
I'm happy!!!
409	Spanky	2011-05-08	Label me angry at the show creators.
410	Balefont	2011-05-08	GHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTT!!!
Glad for all the direwolf scenes so the whiners will STFU this week.
411	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	Loved every minute--seeing it finally come to life.  But as always, so fast, so freakin' fast!  Tyrion and Bran's saddle, bang, zoom, here and gone.
Yay, Ghost, we got Ghost!  
I like Sam, pitiful, but smart, likeable.
And how about badass Jon?  No emo Jon here...
412	IheartTesla	2011-05-08	To be honest I wasn't a big fan of the episode as a whole. It was a bit too exposition heavy, but I guess that can't be helped. I guess my biggest issue was with the tourney, it seemed a bit too Ren-faire to me. I wanted to see the spectators a little bit more than three deep....
There were set pieces that I enjoyed though, the last scene at the inn and the Jon/Sam HoYay and whatnot.
413	Triskan	2011-05-08	Finally seeing Ghost just makes me perplexed that we haven't just had at least some glimpses of him in Ep 2 and Ep 3.  
I need to see this one again to decide what I think.  
I don't love Sam's casting appearance-wise (just not quite what I pictured), but his chemistry with Jon was pretty good.
414	Mya Stone	2011-05-08	Sandor doesn't truly interact with Sansa until after the tourney, but even then, they may push it back to when Joffrey has her on the roof of the Red Keep and he treats her more gently than he should. 
I was a little sad they gave Littlefinger the back story, but at least they included it. This episode was chock full of book history. A lot of info for non readers to digest. 
I loved it. (Shocker, I know.)
415	House Snow	2011-05-08	I don't really have a problem with the littlefinger/Sansa convo.  At this point it is so much more important to develop the littlefinger character that they really needed to give him more material.  Plus I thought it was actually a decent way to contrast the brothers in a way that might not have worked if the hound told the story.  They can find other ways to develop that storyline.  Incidentally I'm really likeing Sophie Turner's Sansa, considering I was sure she was going to be a weak point.  Also she is way prettier than I realized in the first episode (same for Cersei).
416	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-05-08	Great episode.  Gosh, I love the guy playing Jory.  I wish he would have been cast in a role that, um, stays around longer.
Didn't mind the change to the Sandor backstory. When I realized where they were going with it, I thought I'd mind the change, but it ended up working for me.
All the changes worked for me, even the non-book Viserys bathing scene.
And I *loved* the nearly verbatim final scene (arrest of Tyrion at the inn).
Two enthusiastic thumbs up.
417	hurricaneez1	2011-05-08	Simply amazing episode....best so far and it isnt close
418	King's Landing	2011-05-08	Great Episode here.
I Like Ayra learning to "dance".  Also when she tells her father 'No, that is not me'.
Love the wall sequences with Jon and Sam, and we did see Ghost.  Yay.
The Joust was good, but I agree that Sir Hugh wasn't even trying.  Still good to see 'The Mountain'.
Next week we will see the rest of tournament.  Looking forward to that. 
The beginning with the dream sequence and the 3 eyed crow, gotta love it, but I wonder if non-readers will get the significance of it.
And Tyrion did give directions for the basket for Bran to ride.  Awesome.
419	Trebla	2011-05-08	I dunno, I kinda liked Petyr's story about the Hound. I feel like they are making him more of an enigma. 
I also liked that they somewhat humanized Thorne. 
Very amused by Arya blurting out "Why do they call you Littlefinger???" That is totally something book Arya would do. I liked Littlefinger alot more in this episode. 
This episode was ripe with backstory. The dragons. Rhaegar. Sam. Lot's of dragon names
I liked the actor who played Gendry. 
Ghost made an appearence. At last!
And is there ANYONE in the Seven Kingdoms who HASN'T had sex or almost had sex with Redhead Roz(Esme Bianco)? 
Rhaegar+Roz=Jon!
420	Starkess	2011-05-08	Definitely better for me than last week. I wanted to cheer that scene with Catelyn arresting Tyrion! I mean, I know NOW that he didn't do it, but I remember being so happy the first time I read that, and I'm trying to not think about what's coming. (It's been years since I've read the books, so it's sorta working...)
Poor Ned can't quite connect to any of his children. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
â<U+0099>Y Bran.
421	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-08	Hooboy, a LOT of people are going to complain about Littlefinger telling Sansa that story. I admit I'm disappointed too, but it does build up the Hound as a frightening character the way Littlefinger told her that all the knights in realm wouldn't be able to stop him should he get mad.  Hopefully the interaction we get later of Sansa and the Hound in season 2  will make up for it.
Despite that change I really enjoyed the episode. They did a good job and filling up the backstory and I think I'm going to enjoy the Jon and Sam scenes even more than I did in the book. 
I also really liked the added scene with Sansa and the Septa.  I thought both actresses did a good job with it, especially Sansa whom I feel is underrated compared to the more easily likable Arya.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 08 May 2011 - 09:12 PM.
422	Blue Steel	2011-05-08	Loved every minute--seeing it finally come to life.  But as always, so fast, so freakin' fast!  Tyrion and Bran's saddle, bang, zoom, here and gone.Yay, Ghost, we got Ghost!  I like Sam, pitiful, but smart, likeable.And how about badass Jon?  No emo Jon here...Jon's awesome.  Just wish they didn't give Sandor's lines to Littlefinger.  When Sandor tells Sansa the story, it means a lot more since you get a feeling that he never told anyone else.  I can see why they did it so they can give more screentime to Littlefinger, but I hope it doesn't mean that they will underplay the Sandor/Sansa arc.I like what they did to Jory though and really enjoyed his scene with Jaime.
423	So1ar	2011-05-08	they CAN"T let Petyr tell her this story.this is the first decision they've made that I REALLY dislikeagreed. that was sandor's best moment in the book and they gave it away. overall a really good episode and i can't help but think this series needs 12 episodes instead of 10 to even the pacing some.also, at the end when catelyn was listing all the bannermen tyrion had this priceless look on his face that said "wtf are you doing?"
424	Starkess	2011-05-08	Oh, also, I am totally not feeling Kit Harrington. It's not solely that he is not at ALL how I pictured Jon Snow, I just find his acting to be incredibly off. Lackluster, even. Makes me sad.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
425	Mya Stone	2011-05-08	Oh yeah! We got Grey Wind, Summer, and Ghost all in or episode!!!! 
(But yes, Ser Greguh, I was sad Ghost was verbal.)
426	MountainThatRides	2011-05-08	the deal with Ser Hugh was that he was incompetent, never should have been made a knight and he didn't have a squire of his own to help him prepare for the joustCorrect. He was an upjumped squire, knighted because he was the one who poisoned Jon Arryn on the orders of the Queen (or one of her catspaws). "He had no business riding in that company" is how the Hound phrased it -- and Gregor's lance goes where Gregor bloody wants it to go.Anyway, regarding the episode -- it was blissful. Not every single decision vis a vis the adaptation pleased me, but close enough as to make it my favorite episode thus far. In the first two minutes, we had Bran's three-eyed-crow dream, and a heaping helping o' direwolf. I thought Samwell was spot on, and they did well to introduce him (with an understandably shortened account of Lord Randyll Tarly's cruelty) and establish the beginnings of his friendship with Jon. The bit of Ghost getting Jon's point across went a long way to make up for the previous lack of the direwolves. Littlefinger grew on me a bit this episode; his dialogue with Ned helped along the mystery of Jon Arryn's death and I don't think it suffered overmuch from the condensing. Renly is still a ghost, and I hope his character is established better as the show goes on. The Viserys/Doreah scene actually surprised me; I was waiting for it to end until all of the sudden I realized I liked it. It went on a bit too long, perhaps, but it did a lot for Targaryen exposition. Viserys almost felt uncharacteristically charming until the end, when he called Doreah an idiot and reaffirmed himself as a bitter asshole. They did a good job establishing Theon's character this week. So far he's been downplayed and I bet some non-readers are assuming he's one of the Stark kids or something. Not only did Tyrion and his exchange explain who he was and why he was at Winterfell, but Jaime and Jory discussed the Greyjoy rebellion and the Siege of Pyke. The Thoros namedrop made me happy.The joust was great, though we only got a sliver towards the end. I've been waiting for Gregor's introduction and he was imposing enough. The end scene where Catelyn arrests Tyrion in the inn was better than I expected it to be. When all the men of the riverlands drew their swords, it was chilling, and the look on Peter Dinklage's face was perfect. We also got a taste of Marillion and poor Masha Heddle.Things I didn't like so much: Ser Alliser Thorne is far more sympathetic than he was in the books. In fact, despite his cryptic diatribe on cannibalism and how delicious Sam would taste, he made Jon seem very immature and arrogant. Which, I suppose, is true in the books as well, though since you're only seeing it from Jon's perspective there's an easy bias on the page. The dragon name dropping was great -- Meraxes, Vhagar and Balerion, at least. The other made-up dragon names sounded weird. Especially Ghiscar. Ghiscar was an empire, not a dragon! It was Valyria's rival! But whatever.Hodor was funny but way, way too old. In the books it's pretty clear that Hodor is younger and good looking, at least if Osha has good taste in men. Which she probably doesn't, but still.The little scene with Cersei and Ned towards the end felt unnecessary; I'm still not sure what the point of it was.I actually liked the Gendry scene, though in my head the name's always been pronounced with a soft G (as in gentry). My major qualm is that there was no mention of Stannis's involvement, which is fairly crucial considering later developments.Most importantly, giving the Hound's monologue about Gregor burning him to PETRY BAELISH of all people was disappointing. That is one of the best Hound moments and now it's never coming. How much of that character are they going to carve away? Are we ever going to see the Hound get to be the fucking Hound? So far he just stands around grunting and looking dour.Overall, 8.5/10.Things I'm looking forward to next week: Bronn comes out to play, but most importantly, GREGOR VS. SANDOR, arms getting cut off, the Knight of Flowers, a bad ass tournament, fuck yeah! I just hope the scene with Sansa and the Hound is kept, even if he can't spill his beans to her since Littlefinger already told everyone his story.
427	Mya Stone	2011-05-08	Uh,,,stupid phone double post. 
Yay for Theon backstory, and double yay for Summer growling at him!!
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 08 May 2011 - 09:15 PM.
428	Trebla	2011-05-08	I also liked the Greyjoy backstory. Leave it to the Lannister Boys to make you cast doubt on the trustworthiness of Theon Greyjoy!
429	Blue Steel	2011-05-08	Oh, also, I am totally not feeling Kit Harrington. It's not solely that he is not at ALL how I pictured Jon Snow, I just find his acting to be incredibly off. Lackluster, even. Makes me sad.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />I actually like Kit Harrington's Jon Snow.Anyways, I loved the look on Tyrion's face when the Frey soldier said that Lord Walder was taking another wife.  It was a silent guffaw.
430	Kaitscralt	2011-05-08	This was easily the best episode thus far. No doubt about it. The pacing finally worked and they explained some back story to Sam, Theon, Littlefinger and the Hound quickly and to the point. Plus more Targaryen history!
Jon stole every scene he was in.
My only two complaints: the Ser Hugh stuff was sort of rushed, but I am sure next episode will clear that up for the non-readers. Also, the beginning cut to Robb and Tyrion in mid-conversation felt like shoddy editing.
I was blown away by this episode and it finally proved to me that this show can and will work.
Plus three wolves and Ghost!
9/10
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 08 May 2011 - 09:19 PM.
431	End of Disc One	2011-05-08	Oh, also, I am totally not feeling Kit Harrington. It's not solely that he is not at ALL how I pictured Jon Snow, I just find his acting to be incredibly off. Lackluster, even. Makes me sad.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />Really?  I'm liking Kit more and more with each episode.  He and Viserys are the only two characters I like more in the show than the book.I admit I found Jon too emo in the first book, while here he's badass so that's probably why I like him more.
432	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	Oh yeah! We got Grey Wind, Summer, and Ghost all in or episode!!!! (But yes, Ser Greguh, I was sad Ghost was verbal.)Maybe its because the concept of the silent Ghost is amazing to read, but doesn't translate to screen?  Whatever, we got Ghost, I'm happy!
433	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	I admit I found Jon too emo in the first book, while here he's badass so that's probably why I like him more.Ditto.  Not saying I like 'badass' in general, just that I was getting really weary of emo Jon in the books.  Glad to see he's gone.
434	Chislev	2011-05-08	I just love the scene between the Hound and Sansa and the book as was sad to see it changed, but the whole tourney scene was very short, so I guess it was a fast way to work the story in. I don't think it really added too much to Littlefinger's character though. Oh well, not a huge deal. 
I really enjoyed the scene between Jaime and Jory. It's going to hit people harder when Jaime orders his men to kill Jory.
435	Mr. X	2011-05-08	I liked the episode, even if it felt a bit like one of those passages where everyone is getting into place for some awesome stuff to go down next week.I liked the actor who played Gendry. Me too. I only know Joe Dempsie from his work in the first two series of Skins, but he was fantastic in that as well.
436	Ran	2011-05-08	Anyone else catch the dragon named... Vermithrax?
437	Blue Steel	2011-05-08	The dragon name dropping was great -- Meraxes, Vhagar and Balerion, at least. The other made-up dragon names sounded weird. Especially Ghiscar. Ghiscar was an empire, not a dragon! It was Valyria's rival! But whatever.I don't know.  There very well could have been a dragon named Ghiscar.  There were more than 3 dragons so they presumeably had names so I see nothing wrong with giving them names.  But there is something to be said for economy of words and I think that exposition was too wordy so if there is any complaint about the dragon naming is that they didn't need to name all of them.
438	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-08	Finally seeing Ghost just makes me perplexed that we haven't just had at least some glimpses of him in Ep 2 and Ep 3.  I need to see this one again to decide what I think.  I don't love Sam's casting appearance-wise (just not quite what I pictured), but his chemistry with Jon was pretty good.But you DO get a glimpse of Ghost in Ep2. But it literaly is a glimpse, which is why a lot of people miss it unless they watch the show more than once.
439	MountainThatRides	2011-05-08	Anyone else catch the dragon named... Vermithrax? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Yeah, it had me rolling my eyes.
440	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-08	Oh yeah, and much love to Sophie Turner. She's really doing a great job with Sansa in a role that gets very little love.
441	Axon	2011-05-08	Maybe its because the concept of the silent Ghost is amazing to read, but doesn't translate to screen?  Whatever, we got Ghost, I'm happy!I agree entirely. I just don't think that scene works as well without the growling. Not a big deal overall.  Ghost can still be a bad ass. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I did not like the Littlefinger change because, at least in my eyes, the Hound telling revealing that story to Sansa plants the seeds of their bizarre relationship.  Nothing to squeal about, but a little irritating. They probably just don't have the time for Sansa to receive beat down after beat down. The rest of the episode was incredible.
					
					
							Edited by Axon, 08 May 2011 - 09:21 PM.
442	Trebla	2011-05-08	Silent Ghost is not big a deal to me. I'm just happy to finally see the 3 remaining wolves.
I think the gradual introduction of the 3-eyed crow is a good idea. Bran's story kind of needs to be extended because after Robb departs not a lot happens there this season on other than the darkwings/dark words.
443	Ran	2011-05-08	What? Not a Dragonslayer fan? Thought it was a nice nod to a classic fantasy film.
444	MountainThatRides	2011-05-08	Silent Ghost is not big a deal to me. I'm just happy to finally see the 3 remaining wolves.I think the gradual introduction of the 3-eyed crow is a good idea. Bran's story kind of needs to be extended because after Robb departs not a lot happens there this season on other than the darkwings/dark words.That's how I felt. The dream scene was very subtle and when the crow was revealed to have three eyes it was amazing.What? Not a Dragonslayer fan? Thought it was a nice nod to a classic fantasy film.Oh come on. Next up they'll be comparing Bronn to "Mad Martigan, the legendary sellsword from across the Narrow Sea". Did anyone else catch a whiff of unintentional Gandalf when Jorah was all like, "behold! Vaes Dothrak! City of the horselords!" And then Viserys was like "Yeah, it sucks."
					
					
							Edited by MountainThatRides, 08 May 2011 - 09:23 PM.
445	Blue Steel	2011-05-08	There needs to be more scenes that indicate a passing of time.
446	Kaitscralt	2011-05-08	I like the shows adaptation of Littlefinger. His wordplay is not quite so suave and cocky, but it is replaced by this monotone, dead-like voice that works for a character as emotionless and greedy, if not a total sociopath. The creepy vibe that Littlefinger on the show gives out is perfect. Love him.
447	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	Wonder how Summer feels as an actor in this series?  So far, all he gets to do is lay in bed (well, after tearing out the throat of the assassin, of course).  My dog would LOVE this role!
448	Trebla	2011-05-08	What? Not a Dragonslayer fan? Thought it was a nice nod to a classic fantasy film.Plus, GRRM recently included Dragonslayer in his list of greatest fantasy films of all time. He even mentioned Vermithrax Pejorative as the best dragon name ever.
449	JSpin13	2011-05-08	Finally seeing Ghost just makes me perplexed that we haven't just had at least some glimpses of him in Ep 2 and Ep 3.  I need to see this one again to decide what I think.  I don't love Sam's casting appearance-wise (just not quite what I pictured), but his chemistry with Jon was pretty good.In reference to Ghost - my thoughts exactly. the obviously have a wolf, why not use him more? I pictures Sam more baby faced.
450	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-08	Oh come on. Next up they'll be comparing Bronn to "Mad Martigan, the legendary sellsword from across the Narrow Sea". Did anyone else catch a whiff of unintentional Gandalf when Jorah was all like, "behold! Vaes Dothrak! City of the horselords!" And then Viserys was like "Yeah, it sucks."/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Mr. X commented that Jorah would make a really bitchin' Obi-Wan.
451	herkles	2011-05-08	about ghost, I am curious, is it specifically mentioned that he does not make any sounds at all period? Or is it more refering to his hunting ablities and how he walks, which is soundless? ie, you would never hear ghost coming till he is right in front of you? just curious on that. 
anyways, I quite enjoyed this episode, a bit more expisotion in this one then the others but still done in a way that was fun and enjoyable.
452	oneeye	2011-05-08	I'm actually liking Littlefinger a lot more than I did in the book, I think that is the goal of the show. That actor from the wire rocks! In the book Littlefinger didn't have much personality.
Hodor and Gentry were way too old though! Hodor was 18 in the book?!
I agree Jaime is sympathetic earlier than in the books, but we love him later so it's ok.
Dany is starting to grow on me too. Nice range of growth from meek to queen.
Darn shame Sean Bean has to go in the first season/movie all the time.
Tyrion's scenes have been awesome, and that ending was spot on, so unfair, it hurt like the first time.
I agree Jon and Sam have good chemistry. I am guessing the actor will lose some weight and be more clever as his character grows.
I disagree, Thorne is a bastard as always.
453	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-08	when Sam and Jon were having their conversation about sex while cleaning all I could think about was the 'fat pink mast'
454	Triskan	2011-05-08	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Mr. X commented that Jorah would make a really bitchin' Obi-Wan.Christ, that's a good call.  I'm going to drink an IPA to that on my rewatch later tonight.
					
					
							Edited by Triskele, 08 May 2011 - 09:31 PM.
455	Charles Phipps	2011-05-08	I also think they're setting up Littlefinger's interest in Sansa to be an unhealthy one. He comes off almost stalkerish to her.
Sam came off as fatter than I imagined.
456	Starkess	2011-05-08	I actually liked the Gendry scene, though in my head the name's always been pronounced with a soft G (as in gentry). My major qualm is that there was no mention of Stannis's involvement, which is fairly crucial considering later developments.Me too! It was really jarring for me to hear it pronounced like that.I actually like Kit Harrington's Jon Snow.Really?  I'm liking Kit more and more with each episode.  He and Viserys are the only two characters I like more in the show than the book.I admit I found Jon too emo in the first book, while here he's badass so that's probably why I like him more.Yeah, I think I'm probably in a minority on this one. Show-Jon actually seems more emo to me than book-Jon. Maybe because in the book it's like, well yeah, of course we're gonna get his inner monologue, where in the show I have to see it all over his face and makes me want to slap him. Or, more often, there's nothing on his face and he looks to me like a slack-jawed idiot. I don't know what it is, but I am really not digging Kit Harrington's acting.
457	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-08	Christ, that's a good call.  I'm going to drink an IPA to that on my rewatch later tonight.Excellent plan! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
458	Ran	2011-05-08	Posted our recap, analysis, and highlights of the changes and new scenes at Westeros.org.John Bradley was brilliant. Owen Teale as Thorne was great. This was a fun episode.
459	Charles Phipps	2011-05-08	I don't mind Jon Snow emo-ing in the series. I only mind emo-ing when someone has nothing to complain about.
In Jon's case, he has a crapload to complain about.
460	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	Re Jon and Sam, and screen-Jon in general, I liked that scene of them scrubbing tables, talking about girls and whatever--it was a nice counter-point to amazingly badass Jon in the sword-fighting practice.  It made it so clear to me, so poignant--these are BOYS.  They may do great things down the line, they will surely grow and mature, but right now?  They're boys...
461	Mya Stone	2011-05-08	about ghost, I am curious, is it specifically mentioned that he does not make any sounds at all period? Or is it more refering to his hunting ablities and how he walks, which is soundless? ie, you would never hear ghost coming till he is right in front of you? just curious on that. anyways, I quite enjoyed this episode, a bit more expisotion in this one then the others but still done in a way that was fun and enjoyable.In the book scene with Rast he was snarling silently...I don't believe he's ever been vocal in the books. But really, it's not even a big deal to me that the show has it differently. I mean, he has M-Fing red eyes and white fur...what else could I ask for? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 08 May 2011 - 09:36 PM.
462	Mr. X	2011-05-08	Christ, that's a good call.  I'm going to drink an IPA to that on my rewatch later tonight.Awesome. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
463	JSpin13	2011-05-08	There needs to be more scenes that indicate a passing of time.I was thinking this as well. It seems as if this is all happening at once. I just cannot figure what the best way for them to do this though, any ideas anyone?
464	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	I was thinking this as well. It seems as if this is all happening at once. I just cannot figure what the best way for them to do this though, any ideas anyone?Somebody has to say something like 'its been two months now and you're still..'  Like that.
465	House Snow	2011-05-08	Honestly I sort of like the way they introduced Ghost, meaning that they waited on introducing him until they could introduced him in a way that was really meanacing and in a way sort of super-sentient.  He is by far the most intimidating of the direwolves and I think the scene kind of pulled off that contrast.
466	tybeechris	2011-05-08	and now they're making THORNE somewhat sympathetic!!! /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />I agree. If I am facing evil, I want courage at my back. My sympathy was with Thorne. Oh well, guess they wanted a way to show how really bad it can get and hopefully they will show Jon learning from that.
467	herkles	2011-05-08	In the book scene with Rast he was snarling silently...I don't believe he's ever been vocal in the books. But really, it's not even a big deal to me that the show has it differently. I mean, he has M-Fing red eyes and white fur...what else could I ask for? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Ah, I see, been a while since I read the books; and not yet there on my re-read. but yea, ghost is perfect, red eyes, white fur, quite perfect. am I also glad they are showing the dreams,visons and prophecies. I think they are taking some time to build up to it but it is nice that they are now being shown.
468	legba11	2011-05-08	This episode was full of fanboy goodness.  We're left with a change of who gives a bit of exposition and a wolf growling too much to complain about.  That's pretty impressive.
Jorah continues to way out play his book counterpart.  The Mountain looked good (which is mostly all that matters for all he ever speaks).  Tyrion continues to do proper justice to best character of the books.  If, by some miracle, the series makes it to Season 4, I hope they correct Martin's insane decision and not split the story lines.  It would stink to not have a season with Dany, Tyrion and Jon.
469	Triskan	2011-05-08	Awesome. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />"Search your feelings Trisk.  IPA is all around us."
470	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-08	Hodor and Gentry were way too old though! Hodor was 18 in the book?!Re Hodor, was probably mostly a case of not being able to find a young actor with the required physical traits, and nuanced ability to say "Hodor" with a million different meanings.There's a lot more age to play with with Bob's bastards given Bob's a bit older in the shows than in the books.
471	Rand	2011-05-08	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Mr. X commented that Jorah would make a really bitchin' Obi-Wan.Hah, I may not have said it here but I've been feeling the Obi-Wan vibe from Jorah since the first episode.  And Theon kind of reminds me of Luke Skywalker for some reason... if Luke were more of a heartless puppy killing bastard.
472	Balefont	2011-05-08	"Search your feelings Trisk.  IPA is all around us."< sips her Dale's >Indeed.
473	Huan	2011-05-08	I thought Bran's dream was done very well! I got chills watching Bran walking. Understated, just enough to establish the three-eyed crow and contrast dream Bran with real Bran.
474	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-05-08	large city hosts a major tournament - 20 people attend
475	Lannes	2011-05-08	What? Not a Dragonslayer fan? Thought it was a nice nod to a classic fantasy film.+1....still one of my favorite fantasy films.
476	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-08	Somebody has to say something like 'its been two months now and you're still..'  Like that.You mean like "she hasn't bled for 2 moons" from Episode 3? Pretty decent passage of time indicator there.
477	Trebla	2011-05-08	I agree. If I am facing evil, I want courage at my back. My sympathy was with Thorne. Oh well, guess they wanted a way to show how really bad it can get and hopefully they will show Jon learning from that.Well, it gives us an idea on why Throne is such an amazing jackass. I can somewhat empathise with him. But he's ultimately wrong. Book Jon points out to Maester Aemon that they need more than rangers on the Wall. They also need stewards and builders. They need thinkers as well as swordsmen.
478	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	Ghost!  I'm getting ready to watch it again on HBO Go, but was so thrilled to see him the first time around, I didn't notice--did we get a real dog/wolf?  
And Ran, Lord and Master of All, can we have a snapping dog/wolf emoticon, I humbly beg?   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
479	CelticCail	2011-05-08	My husband and I are lost at all this "Thorne is coming off too sympathetic" stuff!  He was a total jerk and we abhor him.  We were talking about how well the actor plays such a mean-spirited, vaguely cruel guy so well.  If you all mean that scene about eating the horses and men, it seemed pretty clear it was just to scare the crap out of them and make them feel stupid and useless.  
And I agree with the comment regarding pronunciation of Gendry's name.  I always said it with a soft G, but I got used to all the other names I'd been pronouncing incorrectly for years so I guess I'll get used to this one...
480	Mr Bean	2011-05-08	First off I hate..Hate...HATE the giving of Sandor's story to Littlefinger
Let me just say this, Sandor is the one character who has both the MOST grow and the Least.  By most I mean from the reader's prospective not from his own prospective but from the Reader's prospective.
Here we have a horrible mean tempered burn victim who looks, sounds and acts like the horrible burn victim asshole he appears.  
But... then we find out why he's so burned (Gregor)
We learned he hates Joffery just as much as anyone else but he's a loyal dog and tries to moderate Joffery to act like a decent human being (Re:Sansa)
Then we have the stuff in Storm where we feel ultimately sad for this poor bastard who at heart is the most terrified man in the world.
Consider he grew up under someone who could give Lecter a run for his money, he knows his older brother is responsibility for his parents death and his sisters death.  Yet he has no official recourse because as a Lord Gregor can just request a trial by combat and we all know how that's going to go for 99.99% of the people he will be fighting out there, not to mention Lord Tywin finds the Mountain that Rides oh so very useful.  Not only that but his older brother is bigger than him, stronger than him and perhaps better than him.  Worse he fears his brother though he rarely shows it, he's in constant pain and drowns himself in poppy to cope.  He has no hope, no friends, no home, by the time he's left in fever in the woods by Arya he is one of the most wretched men to ever walk Westros and most people feel utterly sad for the poor beaten dog.
And it all starts with his origin story, a story told drunkenly late at night... to a scared thirteen year old girl in the dark... and then makes her swear to never tell anyone least he murder her.  Don't tell me that scene was not a great one in the books and we lost it.  Just as the things we do for love introduced us to Jaime as nothing else could the story in the dark introduced us to Sandor.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Bean, 08 May 2011 - 09:53 PM.
481	iheartseverus	2011-05-08	You mean like "she hasn't bled for 2 moons" from Episode 3? Pretty decent passage of time indicator there.Yes, exactly.
482	So1ar	2011-05-08	so i guess now it's confirmed that vary's little birds are children?
483	Charles Phipps	2011-05-08	large city hosts a major tournament - 20 people attendThey were all at the melee./smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
484	Mr. X	2011-05-08	so i guess now it's confirmed that vary's little birds are children?At least one of them is, if you believe Littlefinger.
485	Charles Phipps	2011-05-08	I imagine every servant in the castle is one of his birds. 
It's pretty easy for people to ignore the servants in RL, let alone fantasy.
486	Lannes	2011-05-08	And it all starts with his origin story, a story told drunkenly late at night... to a scared thirteen year old girl in the dark... and then makes her swear to never tell anyone least he murder her. Don't tell me that scene was not a great one in the books and we lost it. Just as the things we do for love introduced us to Jaime as nothing else could the story in the dark introduced us to Sandor. Not a deal breaker for me, but...yeah....I'm gonna miss that scene a whole lot. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
487	Trebond	2011-05-08	They should have had the Mountain appear on foot first beside average knights so that his massive size would be apparent immediately. You don't really get an impression of his sheer badass-ness from that little peek he gives the camera from underneath his visor. If you're going to go to the trouble of finding a 7'+ actor, show off his size from the get-go to make it clear WHY he's called the Mountain instead of sticking him on a horse a little bit bigger than the other horse in the joust and leaving it up to the audience to figure out who Littlefinger means by "The Mountain."
I can understand dramatic purpose of explaining the Hound/Mountain rivalry BEFORE they have their big showdown re: Loras, so I suppose I am willing to move on with my life after they took that great speech away from Sandor. 
I did kind of feel like the impact of the Clegane story was lessened by Littlefinger explaining it in a "first he did this, THEN he did that, and THEN he did THIS!!" *DRAMATIC LOOK!* fashion...but that might have more to do with my unnatural obsession with the Hound/bitterness over him losing lines than with any actual shortcomings of the episode. 
I also have some reservations about the Viserys bathtub scene. It started off as useful and helpful exposition...but when Doreah fired up the hand job and Viserys kept chatting away listing off dragon names, I did this:  /sleep.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' /> . Don't get me wrong, Harry Lloyd is absolutely perfect...I'm just convinced that sex and simultaneous dialog is, as a rule, over the top. It's distracting and often silly. 
I'm nit-picking. Everything else was glorious. Jon and Dany SHONE in this episode.
Time to rewatch....
488	AHackeySackOfIceAndFire	2011-05-08	At least one of them is, if you believe Littlefinger.why should anyone believe littlefinger?  i had forgotten how dumb Ned is.  he takes Littlefinger at his word about everything.  he could have said "that guy works for me and his dog works for varys and his dog's turd reports to the queen" and ned would have eaten it up, turd and all.anyway, great episode.  i was very happy with the three-eyed crow scene and the Tyrion and Catelyn at the Inn scene, but I was very unhappy that Ghost growled.  I mean, it's really only significant if you make the wolves significant, which the show has not done.  But it irked me almost as much as Theon not kicking the head in the pilot.  its just removing something that gave those characters meaning to me.
489	IheartTesla	2011-05-08	I think the actor playing Hodor was a scene stealer. Wonder how he memorizes all his lines......
490	Huan	2011-05-08	First off I hate..Hate...HATE the giving of Sandor's story to LittlefingerLet me just say this, Sandor is the one character who has both the MOST grow and the Least.  By most I mean from the reader's prospective not from his own prospective but from the Reader's prospective.Here we have a horrible mean tempered burn victim who looks, sounds and acts like the horrible burn victim asshole he appears.  But... then we find out why he's so burned (Gregor)We learned he hates Joffery just as much as anyone else but he's a loyal dog and tries to moderate Joffery to act like a decent human being (Re:Sansa)Then we have the stuff in Storm where we feel ultimately sad for this poor bastard who at heart is the most terrified man in the world.Consider he grew up under someone who could give Lecter a run for his money, he knows his older brother is responsibility for his parents death and his sisters death.  Yet he has no official recourse because as a Lord Gregor can just request a trial by combat and we all know how that's going to go for 99.99% of the people he will be fighting out there, not to mention Lord Tywin finds the Mountain that Rides oh so very useful.  Not only that but his older brother is bigger than him, stronger than him and perhaps better than him.  Worse he fears his brother though he rarely shows it, he's in constant pain and drowns himself in poppy to cope.  He has no hope, no friends, no home, by the time he's left in fever in the woods by Arya he is one of the most wretched men to ever walk Westros and most people feel utterly sad for the poor beaten dog.And it all starts with his origin story, a story told drunkenly late at night... to a scared thirteen year old girl in the dark... and then makes her swear to never tell anyone least he murder her.  Don't tell me that scene was not a great one in the books and we lost it.  Just as the things we do for love introduced us to Jaime as nothing else could the story in the dark introduced us to Sandor.Very well put, Mr. Bean. I'm not a SanSan shipper, I just really like the Hound, and to lose the first key scene to gaining insight into his character is very sad. I would have been okay with him telling the story to someone else besides Sansa, as long as it was said by HIM, and not Littlefinger. I think at this point I just have to remind myself that Game of Thrones is not A Song of Ice and Fire. It's based on ASoIaF, and no matter how much D&D state in interviews they want to be as faithful to the books as possible, that is not happening, they have their own vision. I know I'll enjoy the HBO series a lot more if I let go of hoping for certain things in the book. This one is very hard though.
491	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-08	Loved it!!!  The three-eyed crow was awesome, Sam/Jon amazing and I am liking Dany more than I did in the books
492	unJon	2011-05-08	Great episode.  I didn't mind Littlefinger telling the Sandor story.  I'll withhold judgment until I see how it plays out in interactions between San/San.  Could still work fine there I think and I like how it fleshes out LF a bit.
ETA: fix typo
					
					
							Edited by unJon, 08 May 2011 - 10:25 PM.
493	Charles Phipps	2011-05-08	I love how Ned loathes Littlefinger for making money off the tournament.
494	Bishop437	2011-05-08	Seeing Ghost made me happy.Hearing Ghost made me sad.how would you explain Ghost and his silence to a television audience? Its not that important.
495	Shillen	2011-05-08	I loved this episode.  Best of the 4 so far.  I felt like the first 3 were a bit slow because they had so many elements to introduce.  This episode managed to give a lot of history and back-story and not feel like a tiresome exercise.  
People really need to stop nitpicking on every little detail.  If it's already bothering you now you're going to be irate by season 2, 3, 4.  The story is only going to diverge more and more as it goes on.
496	Bishop437	2011-05-08	Honestly I sort of like the way they introduced Ghost, meaning that they waited on introducing him until they could introduced him in a way that was really meanacing and in a way sort of super-sentient.  He is by far the most intimidating of the direwolves and I think the scene kind of pulled off that contrast.Shaggy i think is the most ... That f'er will kill you quick as look at you
497	Ser Greguh	2011-05-08	how would you explain Ghost and his silence to a television audience? Its not that important.Well, Ghost's silence is never exactly explained to the book audience, either.  It's creepy in an undefined way in the books, and would be the same in the series if that's the direction they chose.It's a travesty, travesty I tell you!(Kidding.  It's a minor, minor, nitpick, but it did make a bit of a frowny face on me as I watched it).I am 99.999% sure there will still be an awesome scene between Sandor and Sansa.  It will likely play out with slightly different dialog than in the books, but can convey the same overall tone just as well.Actually my biggest issue with the episode was Coster-Waldeau's accent in the scene between Jaime and Jory.
498	johnnysd	2011-05-08	First off I hate..Hate...HATE the giving of Sandor's story to LittlefingerLet me just say this, Sandor is the one character who has both the MOST grow and the Least.  By most I mean from the reader's prospective not from his own prospective but from the Reader's prospective.Here we have a horrible mean tempered burn victim who looks, sounds and acts like the horrible burn victim asshole he appears.  But... then we find out why he's so burned (Gregor)We learned he hates Joffery just as much as anyone else but he's a loyal dog and tries to moderate Joffery to act like a decent human being (Re:Sansa)Then we have the stuff in Storm where we feel ultimately sad for this poor bastard who at heart is the most terrified man in the world.Consider he grew up under someone who could give Lecter a run for his money, he knows his older brother is responsibility for his parents death and his sisters death.  Yet he has no official recourse because as a Lord Gregor can just request a trial by combat and we all know how that's going to go for 99.99% of the people he will be fighting out there, not to mention Lord Tywin finds the Mountain that Rides oh so very useful.  Not only that but his older brother is bigger than him, stronger than him and perhaps better than him.  Worse he fears his brother though he rarely shows it, he's in constant pain and drowns himself in poppy to cope.  He has no hope, no friends, no home, by the time he's left in fever in the woods by Arya he is one of the most wretched men to ever walk Westros and most people feel utterly sad for the poor beaten dog.And it all starts with his origin story, a story told drunkenly late at night... to a scared thirteen year old girl in the dark... and then makes her swear to never tell anyone least he murder her.  Don't tell me that scene was not a great one in the books and we lost it.  Just as the things we do for love introduced us to Jaime as nothing else could the story in the dark introduced us to Sandor.I think everyone is getting ahead of themselves with Sandor. Although Benioff and Weiss don't spoil changes often they have stated that they are excited with what has been done with Sandor. For all we know. next episode he DOES tell her the story and Sansa is terrified that he is going to hurt her. I really think that this is a watch and find out, and think we may be surprised that the Sandor arc remains very much alive and well.Tonight I think I was most amazed by how little they are dumbing the show down as in not at all. Tonights episode was especially awesome,
499	Caine	2011-05-08	HavenÂ<U+0092>t commented before because I enjoyed the other episodes overall. This episode was particularly boring though, too much backstory and too much exposition and just way too much talking IMO. Things are happening, but it only seems like they happen at the end of episodes. I mean itÂ<U+0092>s great to watch the series IÂ<U+0092>ve read and love come alive but if itÂ<U+0092>s boring and talky to me, I canÂ<U+0092>t imagine how this will convey to non-readers. This was the only episode which seemed to drag on and on for me. The hour felt like 2 hours.
Looking forward to whatÂ<U+0092>s to come however, should pick up next episode from the early preview that I saw.
500	VikingLegion	2011-05-08	Who's to say the Sandor/Sansa scene doesn't still go down?  Sandor has no way of knowing Littlefinger told her his history, so when he "reveals" to Sansa, she will have to play dumb or risk angering him further.  Yeah it's a little less powerful with her already knowing it and therefore not being shocked, but I still think that scene can be pulled off effectively if they go that route.  Let's not get too anxious over it, we don't know what the big picture is.
Like Gandalf said, "Even the very wise cannot see all ends."
Amazing scene at the end to apprehend Tyrion.  I just kept rewinding, I think I watched it 4 times back to back, and still got chills as Cat was calling on those bannerman.  I came on here with the intent to discuss a minor quibble I had with the episode, but it was so awesome overall I can't even remember what I wanted to bitch about.
					
					
							Edited by VikingLegion, 08 May 2011 - 10:51 PM.
501	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-08	Posted our recap, analysis, and highlights of the changes and new scenes at Westeros.org.John Bradley was brilliant. Owen Teale as Thorne was great. This was a fun episode.Ran, the link to the John Bradley interview alluded to in the analysis is 404'd. I'd love to hear what he had to say! Samwell's appearance was perhaps my favorite part of the episode. (EDIT: Bryan Cogman interview link is also 404'd.)I think this may have been the best episode yet. I'd given up that we were going to get any of Bran's dreaming after we never saw the Three-Eyed Crow before he woke up, so opening the episode with that couldn't have been better. Sam arriving at the Wall and Jon forming his little crew were nicely done. I like that they gave Pyp and Grenn a little of their usual bickering so that maybe those characters will stand out to the non-reader.It was a bit of a bummer that the tourney got such short shrift, but it's understandable why if only for budgetary reasons. I wonder if we'll get the part where the winners are shown? If memory serves, after Ser Hugh's death the King postpones the rest until the next day.Interesting that they added a random Jory/Jaime scene. I guess that's there to give some more weight to Jaime killing Jory in the next episode. At least, it looked like that fight was in the preview. I really wonder how the Jaime comes across to someone who's not familiar with the books. As I've mentioned in thoughts on the past episodes, it seems like they are giving his sympathy moments before you're primed to give him credit for having changed. Show Jaime gives us a glimpse into the mind we only see in the third or fourth book when Jaime thinks to himself that he set out to be Ser Arthur Dayne but he became the Smiling Knight instead.Random amusing little moment: when Ned says he's giving twenty of his own household guard to the gold cloaks, the camera shows Varys making this priceless face, as if he's thinking, "I can't believe anyone is this fucking dumb."
					
					
							Edited by Mack Kilimaro, 09 May 2011 - 12:52 AM.
502	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-08	Really enjoyed it once again.  I had no objection to Ghost making a sound, because I'm not sure if his silence would have worked quite as well on the screen.  I also had no problem with Littlefinger telling Sansa what happened to Sandor.  Assuming they're going to keep the Sandor/Gregor confrontation (and why wouldn't they?), I think that bit of backstory will be a plus for non-book readers.  Of course, I'm not a huge Sandor fan either.  I don't hate him or love him; I just don't have strong feelings one way or the other.  If I liked The Hound as much as some others do, maybe I'd feel differently about that dialogue being given to Littlefinger.
Also, not a complaint, and not something that makes a bit of difference in the overall scheme of things, but just an observation: do you think viewers who haven't read the books remember/know that Rickon exists at this point?
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion Lannister, 08 May 2011 - 10:55 PM.
503	bleecake	2011-05-08	I think everyone is getting ahead of themselves with Sandor. Although Benioff and Weiss don't spoil changes often they have stated that they are excited with what has been done with Sandor. For all we know. next episode he DOES tell her the story and Sansa is terrified that he is going to hurt her. I really think that this is a watch and find out, and think we may be surprised that the Sandor arc remains very much alive and well.I don't know.  Some people who seem to know appear to be saying that SanSan has been axed completely.  There is still hope that it has been pushed back and not cut, of course. *fingers crossed*  If they do cut or too heavily truncate the SanSan, I will be really disappointed.  The viewing audience will be robbed of one of the most powerful and interesting threads of the series.
504	Lord Godric	2011-05-08	Absolutely the best episode so far.  Again loved the dialogue taken straight from the book, and finally we are seeing some of the plotting and scheming of King's Landing.  
My favorite parts: 
-The first, where the episode gets its namesake, Tyrion's cripples, bastards and broken things line.
-The scene at the Inn at the Crossroads was very well done.
-Also, I was surprised that I quite liked Dany when she stood up to Viserys.
-Loved Gendry.  
-Arya's scene with Ned was absolutely great, but I was waiting for the "That's Sansa" line. 
-Although Sam was a little pathetic at times, the scene with him and Jon scrubbing the tables was hilarious.
-GHOST! Finally a nice shot of him. 
A few things I am a little torn about:
-They seem to be making Jaime a little sympathetic already.  I don't mind since he will eventually grow into that character, but just seems odd to have it so early. 
-Why do Joffrey and Sansa hate each other still? The Tourney was when Sansa was so excited to be with her prince, but her they hate each other.  I'm hoping they make Sansa fall back in love with him because it is crucial to her character that she was obsessed with being a princess and Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 08 May 2011 - 11:06 PM.
505	Charles Phipps	2011-05-08	-Why do Joffrey and Sansa hate each other still? The Tourney was when Sansa was so excited to be with her prince, but her they hate each other. I'm hoping they make Sansa fall back in love with him because it is crucial to her character that she was obsessed with being a princess and Joffrey.That's probably not going to happen in the series since there's only six episodes left in the series.
506	Lord Godric	2011-05-08	That's probably not going to happen in the series since there's only six episodes left in the series.I think if they don't choose to do this (I'm hoping it happens at the feast after the tourney) then the scene where Sansa is pleading with Joffrey to show mercy for Ned wont work at all.  And Joffrey's promise and then betrayal wont be nearly as shocking.
507	Keltess	2011-05-08	Only have one comment about this episode. ( I have enjoyed the series so far overall) Why is it Littlefinger who reveals to Sansa the history between the Clegane brothers ? This throws a monkey wrench in the plot as far as how Sansa's Character will develop. Why or how would Littlefinger even know? Seems like it was a dirty little family secret to me, and that it was the Hound relating it to Sansa in her room in private that made for a sick intimacy. A try at it anyway.
508	Leofric	2011-05-08	Plus, GRRM recently included Dragonslayer in his list of greatest fantasy films of all time. He even mentioned Vermithrax Pejorative as the best dragon name ever.I also hope it's a nod that the dragons in GOT will look like Vermithrax, my favorite dragon on film.
509	Trebla	2011-05-08	Upon a 2nd viewing:
Very much liked Summer growling at Theon. Nice foreshadowing as well as just bursting with backstory. Just about every scene had someone talking about the past yet the episode wasn't bogged down with it. In the Theon/Tyrion scene, I liked the mention of the Greyjoy uncles burning the Lannister fleet. Later on, Doreah mentions a pirate covered in gold and had dyed sails. That made me think of Euron. Doreah also mentions dragonglass, Asshai, and the all-important Faceless Men. A couple of the other dragon names were certainly familiar: Ghiscar and Velaryon. The others besides Meraxes, Vhagar, and Balerion I'm not sure about: ah-kah-nay and eh-soo-vee-es?
My dad pointed out every time Grenn talks, spittle flies from his mouth. Tis true!
Another bit of possible foreshadowing was Dany reproachfully saying to Mormont, "You sold slaves". Woe to you, O' Slaver's Bay.
Perhaps my favorie scene was the Jory/Jaime scene. More backstory and more foreshadowing. They mention Thoros of Myr and his flaming sword and Jory declares, "I'll remember that until the day I die." Oh curse you, Kingslayer. But it was an excellent scene for Jaime. He went from arrogant to amiable and back again. He's having sex with own sister yet he gets offended that Robert bangs multiple whores while he stands guard. He coldly tells Jory he doesn't serve Lord Stark, yet he seems to feel bad for acting like that as Jory walks way. A complicated man.
I liked seeing where everyone sat at the joust. And I made note of Lancel and his amazing hat in the stands behind Joffrey. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
The final scene introduced Bronn who was the man who offers to let Tyrion take his room. Sell-sword indeed. And interestingly enough, I'm not sure that he was one of the men who rose for Lady Catelyn. Maybe we couldn't see him from the angle of the last shot but it doesn't look like he rose.
510	Ser Greguh	2011-05-08	-Why do Joffrey and Sansa hate each other still? The Tourney was when Sansa was so excited to be with her prince, but her they hate each other.  I'm hoping they make Sansa fall back in love with him because it is crucial to her character that she was obsessed with being a princess and Joffrey.The vibe I got was that Sansa is still quite smitten with Joffrey, as she needs to be; she's just worried that Joffrey doesn't like her.  (Which he, you know, doesn't).  The scene between her and Septa Mordane in the throne room (her worrying about whether she will give him a son or not) certainly makes it seem that way.  My guess is there will be another scene between Cersei and Joffrey where she flat out bullies him into being nice to her, once she realizes that she's a potential ally.
511	damian	2011-05-08	they CAN"T let Petyr tell her this story.this is the first decision they've made that I REALLY dislikeditto
512	damian	2011-05-08	Ok that last scene was just freaking amazing.  What a great episode.  EAsily the best one for me.  Easily.ditto again, except for having littlefinger tell sansa about the hound's past.  that was terrible /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
513	tripleneck	2011-05-08	Things I liked tonight. The look on Arya's face when Ser Hugh died (especially contrasted with Sansa's horror). They are really setting her up to be a little badass. Also great to meet Bronn for the first time at the inn. I instantly got that he was on the make and "for hire." Loved seeing Ghost more grown up. Very scary. 
Ned's naivete is really coming to the fore. The geneology tome was laying there on the table with the assassin's knife on top when Cersei came calling. You know she saw them! Non-readers are really going to be shocked when Ned is executed.
514	Ser Greguh	2011-05-08	Ned's naivete is really coming to the fore. The geneology tome was laying there on the table with the assassin's knife on top when Cersei came calling. You know she saw them! Non-readers are really going to be shocked when Ned is executed.Those busy capturing stills (and you know they're out there) can likely confirm this but I'm like 90% sure it was open to the Baratheon page, too.  Stupid stupid Ned!  "Let them watch!" he says.  What's the worst that could happen?
515	rigochu	2011-05-08	"The episode started off with good and kept a good pace untilthe Viserys-in-the-bathtub scene. I loved all the detail and history during that scene but I fear it went a bit long and I cringed when the topic of dragons was brought up again. Martin was much more subtle in the book when it came to dragons." 
I agree with this sentiment. I also disliked the the "Viserys-in-the-bathtub scene" i feel the time could have been put to better use in another scene especially since the biggest problem with this series is that everything feels so rushed and confusing for those who havn't read the book. Also, does anyone else feel like king Robert is such a drunken whore-mongering pig in the show that one can almost sympathize with Cersei and Jaime (almost /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)! It's like why is Ned even putting himself and his family in danger for this guy? Further dislikes for this episode: the measely amount of ppl at the tournament (cgi crowd maybe?), and also the fact that Ser Hugh's death is Littlefinger's cue to break into the hound's story? I mean Sansa probably just saw her first killing.. The timing of certain things seems wrong in this series, like they merge certain scenes b/c of time constraints, but then they add silly extra scenes like Viserys' bathtub scene.
My last issue would be with all the expository dialogue in this show.. 
"What is my name?" 
"Jon Snow" 
"Why is my name Jon Snow?" 
"Because you are a bastard from the north"
516	Triskan	2011-05-08	"Find anything?"
"Robert's bastard son."
Cuts right away to a look at Jaime.  
Nice.
517	Rockroi	2011-05-08	I liked this episode, but it was definitely not as impressive as the others.  Most of this was because this was a re-education episode: this is the History of Westeroes and how it effects these people.  while I appreciated it all, it was not as interactive as it could have been.  I felt like I was watching "Previously, on Game of Thrones"; I had seen the vast majority of this before on this very series: Viserys is crazy, Arya is a girl who is not a girl; Sansa is hurt and moving with great trepidation (in other words, she's the Only Stark who acts this way); etc.  However, please do not mistake me, this was a really really good episode that I enjoyed.  Here is what I liked:The Recreation of Sandor Clegane: People have to accept something and they have to accept it right now: this is a different Sandor Clegane than the one in the books.  The books Clegane was an oft-drunk, brash, angry, bitter man who was all about inflicting his anger and bitterness on others, especially the diluted (ie: young people).  The show Clegane is not that person.   In the second episode, I mentioned how Clegane does not laugh when he announces to Ned that he caught (and killed) the Butcher's boy.  He is far more somber than the book's Clegane.  In the book, Clegane laughs and almost brags how this boy is dead.  But in the show, an almost vacant-eyed Sandor simply says that the boy ran.  Not very fast.  And that's it.  He's a far more internal, far more internalized character.  In this universe, Sandor Clegane would NEVER tell Sansa Stark what happened to him- just as he would never tell ANYONE about that weakness.  Instead, a bragging, swaggering Petryr Balish revels in the fact that he can tell-tales out of school about Sandor Clegane.  And why not?  He wants to impress Sansa- Something Sandor Clegane has NEVER wanted to do.  In this instance, that scene worked VERY WELL.  In no way would this show-Sandor tell Sansa anything like this.  Show Clegane is far too guarded, far too walled up, far too sequestered in his personality.  To me, THAT SCENE was not about giving Sandor's lines to Petyr: it was about flushing out two characters by showing what one will say about others (Petryr) and what one will never say about himself (Sandor).  Its time people realized that the book Sandor is not the same person as show-Sandor.  Get used to it,  Sansa Stark: Real Human Being: I continue to enjoy Sansa Stark's problems with being liked and feeling real pressure from a society that expects something from woemn that women have no control over: their fertility and what sex their children are.   That scene had Sansa start as the teacher with Septa Mordane and then turn oh so deliciously to the Septa as the student, Sansa snapping questions at her.  I liked the duality of that interaction, just as I like how Sansa seems to be the only Stark who realizes how difficult this world is.  She- and she alone -seems to understand how her roll is to play out and how very hard that would be on a 11-to-15 year old.  I think this actress is bringing an opt-forgotten dimension to Sansa: she's a real person who worries the way a real person should. Ned Stark: Father to Us All: I am continually pleased with how Ned is being portrayed as a concerned yet slightly ineffectual father and how that relationship is played out with Arya, the obvious reminder to Ned of Lyanna.  I really like how warm he is with Arya and how Arya is- like any child- almost dismissive of her parent's wishes.   Its a classic reminder that parents and their children have a different attitude towards parental dotting and in the demands of the children's own future.The Foundations of Theon Grayjoy: We got a really, really strong impression of what is up with Theon.  I think its a very strong gateway to that character.  The Consistency of Jaime Lannister: Jaime's scene was easy to forget, but masterful.  Here is Jaime, reminding some underling of the slings and arrows of petty misfortune he must undergo with Robert the Fat.  He fucks women 6 at a time, all the while, his wife's brother guards his room.  Jaime talks to Jory... and gets that look again.  In the prior episode, Jaime looked right past Robert when he described Aerys etc.  Same thing here: Jaime Lannister has no idea and absolutely no care at all who Jory is.  Jory is nobody to Jaime and Jaime does not care about him or anything Jory ever was.  When Jory reminds Jaime that they fought together, then- and only then -did Jaime perk up, remembering Balon's rebellion etc.  Much like the previous episode when talking to Selmy: the only time the human-being of Jaime comes up is when he is talking about battle.  And then?  Nothing.  Jaime needs nothing from this person, whomever he was. And which leaves a great, unasked question: Robert humiliates Jaime at every turn.  And yet, Jaime is as respectful and passive as a devout church-mouse.  Therefore, what the FUCK must have Aerys done to make Jaime want to kill him?  Ser Allister Thorne: No Longer a Convenient Story Device: I liked that Thorne has a method to his madness: in order to hold the line in the coldest part of the realm, you need harsh men.  Sam?  Sam is a liability in Thorn's eyes.  And we have seen what Thorne's eyes have seen, and we can know why he despises such weakness: because the Wall cannot survive if its tolerated.  Bonus: I liked that Sam Tarly thinks celibacy is a waste.  Well... yeah!   Take-it-or-leave it.The Hand's Tournament: Plenty of good seats still available:  Would it have killed then to have CGI'd a few people, because it looks like the tournament of the Hand was held in Springfield, Massachusetts.  Ghost Speaks: Horray!  We saw Ghost.... Boooo we heard Ghost.  Overall Pace: I thought this episode dragged the most.  We saw a diverse set of scenes, but I thought this episode could have had more put into it.  Cercei Comes Calling: Not sure what this scene was supposed to do except give the actress playing Cersei needed screen time.  She wants to put the affair with the wolves behind them?  But I thought he wolves were not meaningful?  Why does she care what Ned thinks?  Is she afraid he really will find something?  I thought this scene was disjointed.  At the same time, where are they taking the softer Cersei?  Its interesting, I give them that, I Can't Believe I'm Saying This... BUT:  Did this episode need more Joff? Charming Joff to try to win over Sansa?  Wouldn'ty that have helped things?  Why is Joff not the brash bastard we all come to know and hate, but a sulking mamma's boy?  Is this what we want?  Cannibalism?  Really?:  Thorne's a cannibal now, too?  Meh... What I Did Not Like:Hey, Doesn't the King Have Two Brothers?:  The complete and total lack of even MENTIONING Stannis is poor.  Just like with Renly, Stannis has a HUGE roll to play in the series.  Its a good idea that they start laying the foundation of that character ASAP. Instead, they haven't mentioned Stannis.  Here, the scene at the Blacksmith was a perfect opportunity to mention that Jon Arryn came there with Stannis and Stannis was really focused on Gendry.  And with good reason.  I'm finding the ignoring of Stannis to be something that could be done much better.  I thought this was a really strong episode, but not as good as the others.
518	damian	2011-05-08	-They seem to be making Jaime a little sympathetic already.  I don't mind since he will eventually grow into that character, but just seems odd to have it so early. i think it's necessary to plant a few sympathetic seeds early on in this medium.  on tv you don't have the benefit of suddenly being thrust inside his head and getting to know him that way.  when you think about it, he's just a giant dick in book 1, barely makes an appearance in book 2, and then we are suddenly thrust inside his head in book 3.
519	JaimeNotJamie	2011-05-08	Anyone else think they're making Jaime a tad more sympathetic early on here because he won't have a "POV" so to speak like he does in the books later?  Part of what helps make Jaime a character who people come to root for is that you see events through his eyes and understand his thought process.  That may be more difficult to convey on screen, so they need to plant seeds a bit earlier so the audience isn't entirely predisposed to hate him.
520	Lord Godric	2011-05-08	i think it's necessary to plant a few sympathetic seeds early on in this medium.  on tv you don't have the benefit of suddenly being thrust inside his head and getting to know him that way.  when you think about it, he's just a giant dick in book 1, barely makes an appearance in book 2, and then we are suddenly thrust inside his head in book 3.I agree. And I also notice that they brought to life scenes that we never saw in GoT but only see when Jaime is reflecting on what happened during that time frame.  Like the "war for Cersei's cunt" scene and the "Burn Them All" bit.
521	Xenophon	2011-05-08	Ok, so after two fairly distracted viewings, I have mixed feeling about this episode. On the one hand, it had some good scenes, but it didn't feel at all thematically unified.  I feel like I saw a bunch of things, but they didn't add up to anything more.  All the other episodes packed an emotional punch, but this one left me cold.  Anyone else feel this way?
A few random thoughts:
The dream sequence worked really well--that crow was creepy as hell.  
I like how they're making Jaime and Thorne more sympathetic.  No pure villains = good TV.
I liked Dany beating up Viserys, but did not like her bitching Jorah out about the slaves.  WTF, girl?!  You know why you're able to tell your brother off?  Because you're married to the biggest slave-trader on the continent, that's why.  And those chicks who do your hair and cook your food--they're slaves.  Hypocrisy alert!  I don't mind her disliking slavery and eventually coming to reject it completely, but at this point she's in no position to lecture Jorah on the issue.
522	NW Deserter	2011-05-08	Whew, another five-minute hour! This post will be all over the place.Last week, Ser Jorah stood out to me as a character who I first noticed was being portrayed brilliantly. This week, there are a whole slew of characters who came into their own...Jory, Pyp/Grenn, Sam, Ser Thorne, and Theon were all great.Sam and Jon's friendship is being started very, very well. The table-cleaning scene was some great writing.Dany's transformation since episode 1 has been extremely well-acted by Emilia Clarke.Doreah/Viserys was an odd scene...I get why they did it, but it seemed to go on a bit long. And like someone else said, Viserys almost seemed charming until the end. Harry Lloyd continues to impress, though.I critiqued Aiden Gillen last week, but I think I'm starting to understand TV-Littlefinger. It seems like they're making him way more of a clever sociopath than a witty, snarky guy, which I think I'm okay with.I had hoped we'd see a lot more of the tournament, but I guess I'll have to wait.Really happy that they found a way to include the three-eyed crow dream.Awesome last scene, as expected!As a whole, this was a strong episode. My one critique is that it might've been a bit too exposition-heavy.Can't wait for next week!!!
523	JaimeNotJamie	2011-05-08	i think it's necessary to plant a few sympathetic seeds early on in this medium.  on tv you don't have the benefit of suddenly being thrust inside his head and getting to know him that way.  when you think about it, he's just a giant dick in book 1, barely makes an appearance in book 2, and then we are suddenly thrust inside his head in book 3.beat me to it, should have kept reading.
					
					
							Edited by JaimeNotJamie, 08 May 2011 - 11:57 PM.
524	Kat	2011-05-08	I liked this episode,Get out of my head! I liked it too. Almost all of the pros and cons you listed are ones that I had as well. I laughed at the note about the tourney audience. I guess they couldn't CGI more people in (all the people in the street) or maybe the crowds are like, "Yawn, a tourney, we see this every year. Let's wait until the later rounds in the next episode." Sort of like Atlanta Braves fans in the playoffs. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I thought this was a really strong episode, but not as good as the others.Ultiumately, though, I liked this episode the most so far. Gave it a 9/10 (other episodes were 8, 7 and 8.) The exposition did not feel as heavy-handed as in the first episode, but, but....there was, indeed, a lot of it. The scene I felt was the most awkward was the one with Sansa and Septa Mordane. It could have been ok if it hadn't been quite as long as it was. Same with Jon & Sam scrubbing tables and talking about whores. But for a episode that contained so much exposition, I felt like the pacing and writing were quite good.I really, really like Sam. Excellent casting. Pycelle is also good-- last week my father asked me, "Is that bumbling old guy in the capital going to turn out to be the only good guy in the council?" I like that he seems trustworthy for now, in comparison to the obviously slimy Varys and Littlefinger.Not really a fan of the Donner Partied night's watch with Thorne story. I hope that was a lie. Because, well, ew. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
525	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	I feel like I saw a bunch of things, but they didn't add up to anything more.  All the other episodes packed an emotional punch, but this one left me cold.  Anyone else feel this way?Not at all.  In fact, compared to last week's episode, I thought this one was so much more emotional. Last week's episode felt a little cold, while this one was great.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 09 May 2011 - 12:01 AM.
526	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	While I did like Sam in this episode, and greatly liked his friendship with Jon, I couldn't help but think how annoying it is going to be to see Sam hardly change over 4 seasons of the show.  I could imagine AFfC-Sam falling to the ground when being attacked with training swords just like aGoT-Sam did.  I'm begrudgingly hoping that they give TV-Sam a little more courage than Book-Sam gains over time.
527	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-09	Can't believe no one has mentioned the "I'd rather throw myself down a well" line at the end.  That had me in stitches.
Excellent episode that gets better with each viewing.  Littlefinger is doing his best to counsel Ned in the finer points of playing "the game", but the guy just doesn't grasp the danger at all.  Love it.  As for the Baelish/Sansa deal, let's see what transpires before jumping to conclusions.  The writers have demonstrated great subtlety throughout these 4 episodes.
Too bad I will never get over my dislike for Sam.  How could anyone be so craven?
					
					
							Edited by RedWeddingCake, 09 May 2011 - 12:53 AM.
528	SergioCQH	2011-05-09	It seems that this episode has resulted in very polarized opinions. Some people, like me, absolutely love it and think it's the best one so far. Others think it's the weakest.
529	Xenophon	2011-05-09	Not at all.  In fact, compared to last week's episode, I thought this one was so much more emotional. Last week's episode felt a little cold, while this one was great.Hmm, it could be because I didn't get to see it straight through.  Perhaps if I sit down and watch it from beginning to end it will have more impact.  Yeah, on second thought, switching between it and the bball game probably killed the emotional impact on my first watch, and the second time I was pretty distracted too.  So, objection retracted.
530	ZombieWife	2011-05-09	My favorite episode so far.  
Highlights:
The story of the Mountain and the Hound.  I was wondering when we would get to see Conan.  Even though he only lifted his visor, more is coming.
Dany standing up for herself.
Viserys is such a little shit.  Harry Lloyd is really doing a wonderful job.
Bran and Hodor!  Hodor was perfect.  The scene with Bran/Hodor and Tyrion in Rob's throne room was really fun to watch.
The scene where Catelyn and Tyrion were at the inn (Catelyn calling to all the men loyal to Riverrun) at the end literally gave me chills.  
Jon and Sam = strong friendship chemistry.  The Wall scenes are some of my favorite.
More Theon.  Yes!  Alfie Allen is going to rock this role in season 2.  I cannot wait.
The scene with Jaime and Jory was great.  I'm liking N. Coster-Waldau more and more.  His portrayal of Jaime is subtle and so spot on.  The dripping sarcasm yet you see vulnerability (or a lostness) in his eyes.  I can see why he was chosen for this part.  There must be a season 3 if only to see what this guy is capable of.
Great shot of Ghost.  Hope we get to see more.  He looks spectacular.  
Arya telling Ned "that's not me" when he tells her she will marry a noble lord.  The look on Ned's face is so touching.  Maisie Williams is really eating that part up.
Sophie Turner is doing such a fantastic job as Sansa.  I get the yearning to fit in to the courtly life mingled with the teenage angst.  Lovely stuff!
Kudos all around.  Excited for next week.
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 09 May 2011 - 12:17 AM.
531	Kat	2011-05-09	Count me as one person, by the way, who prefers a growling Ghost. I had completely forgotten that he's supposed to be silent, but I don't think it matters all that much anyway. (Despite his name.)
532	aliceunderskies	2011-05-09	Favourite moments include the tenderness on Tyrion's face when he utters his "cripples etc"  line and the awesomeness of Dany's transformation. My boyfriend and I cheered when she gave Viserys the smackdown. Emilia Clark is fantastic in this role! 
I also really, really like the care taken in casting. The familial resemblances are actually present--a rarity for TV & movies. Even the girls playing Arya and Sansa seem, to me, to have a striking resemblance from certain angles. More importantly, of course, they're both utterly fantastic. We've been watching it with a slew of non-readers and everyone looooves Arya to pieces. Grins all around whenever she's onscreen. It'll be rough to watch everything that has to happen to her...
					
					
							Edited by aliceunderskies, 09 May 2011 - 12:29 AM.
533	VikingLegion	2011-05-09	The Hand's Tournament: Plenty of good seats still available:  Would it have killed then to have CGI'd a few people, because it looks like the tournament of the Hand was held in Springfield, Massachusetts.  Hey, I'm from Springfield, MA (just outside it actually).  What's that supposed to mean?!?!?!?
534	Convivial Edd	2011-05-09	Sam: "So you didn't know where to put it" /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />   
Overall really liked the episode. The biggest complaint for me continues to be how they are dealing with the mythology of the show. It's just a little too much of forced exposition. Otherwise everything is going swimmingly in my opinion. There are definitely places where the budget constraints are noticeable, as mentioned in the tourney, but I can't blame the show for that. 
As a side note my biggest pet peeve was the casting of Gendry, because the pictures I saw of him made him look like a coke adddict. Glad to see he bulked up a little bit despite the small role in the first season. Also, I thought it was cool that the makeup/camera people created an illusion to make his right arm appear bigger then his left. 
Also, Doreah.  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
					
					
							Edited by Convivial Edd, 09 May 2011 - 12:45 AM.
535	Quithrill	2011-05-09	The Jon/Sam/Thorne scene was my favorite of the episode.  Very well acted and did a great job of painting a picture of how grim winters on the wall are, as well as some great chemistry between Jon and Sam.  
Least favorite was scrub-a-dub Viserys.  It seemed like a very long scene filled with TMI about history that is more or less irrelevant.  I'm glad they established for the audience that the Targaryens bred and rode dragons, but it seemed to drag on and on when I would have preferred to be watching other characters.
As far as Sandor's speech going to Littlefinger, I'm impartial until I see how it plays out.  I don't even know that Martin knew how Sansa and Petyr's relationship would play out when he wrote the tourney scene all those years ago, but knowing now and being able to go back and build a little more foundation between them early on is neat.
I like the Jamie/Jory scene.  Jamie didn't want to give him the time of day, but once he realized they had fought together he seemed to warm up immediately.  Granted... he'll kill him next episode, but it was cool to see.  
I hope there is alot more tournament next week, didn't expect it to get cut in two.
I really liked Hodor.
Pronunciations keep frustrating me.  Hearing things pronounced different than I have been pronouncing them in my head for years pisses me off.  I have always thought Aegion to be pronounced E-Jon.  Viserys pronounced it E-Gon like the damned ghostbuster.  And I sounded out Maegor as Mage-or.  I can't remember how he said it but I was like WTF?  
But overall I have minor nitpicks for another great episode.
536	ingsve	2011-05-09	It's a bit strange to have them mention Roz and hear hair so many times in this show but they don't show her. Couldn't they have given EsmA© Bianco a quick scene as reference here. People might start to think that she is more important than she actually is. Like she is part of the mystery somehow.
					
					
							Edited by ingsve, 09 May 2011 - 12:53 AM.
537	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-09	Count me as one person, by the way, who prefers a growling Ghost. I had completely forgotten that he's supposed to be silent, but I don't think it matters all that much anyway. (Despite his name.)He can just as easily be Ghost because he's all white.I think that there are plenty of other ways that the show can convey that Ghost is different even from his magic direwolf siblings. None of which are particularly important to the first season, where I understand from Ran's comments that working with the animals was difficult. Subsequent seasons/bigger wolves can probably end up being CGI, and if that's not a huge problem for the production then maybe we can see more of Summer, Grey Wind, Ghost, and even Nymeria if we get Arya's wolf dreams (which I certainly hope we do).
538	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-09	I just watched it.This was my favorite showing of Show-Jon so far. Yes, he comes across as a bit reserved and quiet much of the time, but that's how Jon is in the books (we just don't notice it as much because we only see Jon a couple of times from other people's points of view). Sam did not look anything like how I mentally imagined it, but I think the actor fits the role. I loved his budding friendship with Jon.As mentioned before, they fleshed out Ser Alliser. He's an asshole, but not for no reason. Book-Alliser was mostly a one-note asshole and bully, and he's mostly described making fun of Jon in some way. Although it was cool seeing Viserys describe the dragon skulls (this is one area where it would have been freaking awesome to have it shift to a view of the skulls gradually increasing in size, until we see the vast skull of Balerion), the whole scene still felt very clunky and mostly unnecessary. I think it would have been better to see Viserys brooding over his last encounter with Dany, before his fight in the tent.  All that said, the actor playing him is mostly perfect.Lots and lots of exposition in this episode. I don't mind it, but it felt rather heavy sometimes. I don't really see any way around it, either - there's so much that has to be introduced even with television streamlining.Tyrion was fantastic, although he needs to express some more emotion (I hope we'll finally see him get pissed off in the next episode). His scene with Theon Greyjoy (putting the boy down while introducing Greyjoy and setting up his character) was great.Not so much for the Ned-Cersei scene, on which I'm divided. It just seems totally out-of-character for Cersei to actually apologize to someone who hurt her son (in fact, has Cersei ever had a genuine apology in the series? I can't remember). The ending was damn cool. Enough said.I know there are budget constraints, but the tournament just seemed too small. Would it have been really expensive to CGI in some additional crowds at the Hand's Tournament?There are a whole bunch of little nitpicks I have, but they don't really decrease the show's quality in my eyes.
							Edited by Wise Bass, 09 May 2011 - 01:32 AM.
539	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-09	Count me as one person, by the way, who prefers a growling Ghost. I had completely forgotten that he's supposed to be silent, but I don't think it matters all that much anyway. (Despite his name.)I agree, a silent Ghost might look a bit silly on TV, or at least not come across the way he does in the book. I had a silent big dog once (an Akita), there was nothing that would get your attention more than when he decided to make a noise, I always imagined Ghost to be the same way.
540	moonjump05	2011-05-09	Least favorite was scrub-a-dub Viserys.  It seemed like a very long scene filled with TMI about history that is more or less irrelevant.  I'm glad they established for the audience that the Targaryens bred and rode dragons, but it seemed to drag on and on when I would have preferred to be watching other characters.As far as Sandor's speech going to Littlefinger, I'm impartial until I see how it plays out.  I don't even know that Martin knew how Sansa and Petyr's relationship would play out when he wrote the tourney scene all those years ago, but knowing now and being able to go back and build a little more foundation between them early on is neat.Yeah, that Viserys scene just kept going.....Not happy with the Hound's backstory change, but if it is neccessary for this new more morose and silent Hound then I'll wait impatiently for it to pan out.  As is, we lost something in the telling from LF and didn't gain much by the change.It's a bit strange to have them mention Roz and hear hair so many times in this show but they don't show her. Couldn't they have given EsmA© Bianco a quick scene as reference here. People might start to think that she is more important than she actually is. Like she is part of the mystery somehow.LOL, yeah I was thinking, "Is there only one red headed whore in Winterfell, or what?"
541	craster's whore	2011-05-09	barring the changes from the book it was another strong episode.
is it me or did Sansa seem to age from the last episode.
542	emmank	2011-05-09	I am surprised there isn't more of an outcry from the Hound-fan corner. Where is the ANGER in the Hound? He's a mean dude, not just disillusioned and apathetic. Sansa's supposed to be afraid of the anger she sees in him.... "she had never seen eyes so full of anger." Where is the dynamism of Sandor? This is a flat character! (I might add, I don't believe for a second it's the actor's fault, especially since GRRM said he was so awesome in his audition.) Where are they going to take his arc in season 2? 
Also, the burn explanation scene from the books was a great way to introduce other facets of Sansa, too. Their whole interactive relationship is based, not solely, but at least partly on empathy. The foundation of that is sort of --- not there now.
Color me not pleased on this front. I hope that there is some sort of added scene or scenes later that can salvage this interpretation of Sandor for me.
___
All of the Wall stuff was 100% brilliant. I loved Sam.
543	Leofric	2011-05-09	I think one of the reasons they had Petyr spill the story of Sandor's burns was to make the non-reader audience understand that there is more going on in the confrontation between the Gregor and Sandor in the next episode.   Sandor isn't stepping in to save Loras, but rather make sure Gregor doesn't go too far in front of the King and get himself executed before Sandor has a chance to kill him.
544	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-05-09	Even though it was exposition-heavy, I still don't find myself able to criticize the filmmakers too much.  They had to dump it *somewhere* you know.  So far, they've been pretty good about keeping the backstory well integrated, but there's a breaking point where if this exposition dump doesn't get done now, then the non-book viewers will be more and more lost.  The plot still moved enough, with Ned following the clues to JA's death, the Mountain removing Hugh, Tyrion dropping off the saddle design and heading to the inn where Cat is. 
I'm happy that the non-readers will be a little more oriented on the history.
545	moonjump05	2011-05-09	I am surprised there isn't more of an outcry from the Hound-fan corner. Where is the ANGER in the Hound? He's a mean dude, not just disillusioned and apathetic. Sansa's supposed to be afraid of the anger she sees in him.... "she had never seen eyes so full of anger." Where is the dynamism of Sandor? This is a flat character! (I might add, I don't believe for a second it's the actor's fault, especially since GRRM said he was so awesome in his audition.) Where are they going to take his arc in season 2? Also, the burn explanation scene from the books was a great way to introduce other facets of Sansa, too. Their whole interactive relationship is based, not solely, but at least partly on empathy. The foundation of that is sort of --- not there now.Color me not pleased on this front. I hope that there is some sort of added scene or scenes later that can salvage this interpretation of Sandor for me.___All of the Wall stuff was 100% brilliant. I loved Sam.Oh there is plenty of outcry it seems to me, and for good reason as a great deal of potential characterization was lost for the Hound and Sansa(in the scene that actually got the actor his part!)  It didn't have to be word for word from the book, but having the backstory come out of LF's mouth was a bad decision, IMHO, even if modifications to Sandor and Sansa's characters required changes.Like to know where the show is taking this.
546	DuckEverlasting	2011-05-09	Loved this episode, but to be fair, I've been loving them all.  I'm rereading the book at the pace of the show, and it's really cool to see just how much of the script is ripped directly from the books.  (Not just dialogue. The most nitpicky thing I noticed: When Jon goes to speak up for Sam the first time, Pyp grabs his arm and holds him back.  Just like in the book.  Cool.)More surprising is how much I'm loving some of these scenes they've invented for the sake of the show.  Tyrion antagonizing Theon, Viserys using dragon names on Doreah to get himself laid, Jory almost-but-not-quite forming a bond with Jaime... they all feel like something GRRM would have written, and they're all scenes between people who don't really interact much in the books (unless you count Jaime stabbing Jory).The scene between Jaime and Jory might actually have been my favorite of the episode, actually.  You can tell from a few lines that while Jory isn't really a fan of Lannisters, he respects Jaime, and is almost intimidated by him. It's going to hit a lot harder now when they fight, and I'm probably going to miss TV Jory a lot more than I did Book Jory. Kudos to Jamie Sives.  I'm definitely with the people wishing his character stuck around for longer.
547	Eponine	2011-05-09	Need more tourney! One of the reasons I like book Sansa is that we have a common interest in the details of the houses and the members of the court. The best part of the show for me is just seeing all the characters.
Still have the complaint, why do so many of the non-book scenes contain never ending soliloquies? They stick out in a bad way to me in contrast to the snappy dialogue between multiple characters.
Liked Littlefinger more this episode, but didn't think he came across as unnaturally interested in Sansa because he takes the same faux confidential tone with Ned. 
Really glad to have more Ned action - it came off as much more organic than a lot of the other scenes because not much exposition is needed since it's already well established what kind of character Ned is. The council scenes are my favorite in the book and I can't have too much of them. 
What I can have is too much Dany. I've gone from being neutral toward her story to really disliking her and almost every scene that she's in. I can't suspend disbelief for her and her awful wig.
TV Sam was much more likable than book Sam and I think that's a good thing. It was hard for me to picture book Sam except as a blob of pure annoying. Still don't like Jon but thought making Thorne less dumb bad guy was a good change. One thing I dislike about book Jon is that he's given such a stupid one dimensional enemy with no redeeming qualities, where most other characters have complex conflicts with other developed characters. Showing Jon to be actually rather inexperienced and naive instead someone who's always wise and saving the day may make him better.
Eta: a bit concerned about pacing. I know it took time to establish characters, but feels that almost nothing has happened yet compared to the amount of material still left, and while the book can get denser and accelerate the action, packing it into a tv show isn't the same. The main Dany event is yet to come. There's a big part of the tourney. There's the entire tyrion story - including a huge amount of time and action at the Eyrie. The whole deal with Robert... I have a hard time envisioning how there will be time for all that without getting very rushed.
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 09 May 2011 - 02:55 AM.
548	Ser Farbod	2011-05-09	Loved this episode.  Easily the best so far...  A few thoughts:
- Jon Snow gets better and better.  I cannot understand why some of you guys dont like him.  Hes emotional, brooding, angst filled, all just like the books. Perfect job so far.
- That being said, Tyrion, Arya, and Ned are spot on as well.  I cant imagine them being played any better.
- Like many of you, I dont understand the casting of Renly.  Nothing at all as I pictured him.  What were they thinking?
- I dont really mind Littlefinger telling Sansa the story about the Hound.  Its a quicker introduction to both the Hound and the Mountain that rides and I think there will be enough for the Hound to do later to make up for it.
- The scene between Tyrion and Theon was amazing.  It wasnt in the books but it really felt like it was.  So perfect to both characters and really filled a gap and explained who Theon is.  Absolutely loved it. 
- Everyone seems to love Jorah but me /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  He looks perfect yes, but his acting is flat so far.  Hes very one note to me and I find myself getting bored in his scenes.  Hope it improves.
- Cersei and Jaime are ok.  Not as good as some characters but not bad at all... I guess Cersei could be a bit better looking and Jaimie a bit more charming, but oh well, I wont complain.
- While Cat's look is nothing like I imagined (much older than what I had in my head) her acting is terrific...
					
					
							Edited by Ser Farbod, 09 May 2011 - 03:24 AM.
549	Daenerys	2011-05-09	i can't help but think this series needs 12 episodes instead of 10 to even the pacing some.Ya. Or Alternatively 9-10 episodes that are 75-90 minutes long. I've never seen another hour long show (without commercials even!) that seems to go by so darn fast.
550	Eponine	2011-05-09	- Jon Snow gets better and better.  I cannot understand why some of you guys dont like him.  Hes emotional, brooding, angst filled, all just like the books. Perfect job so far.Being emotional, brooding and angst filled perfectly explains why I don't like Jon.
551	smegma	2011-05-09	Really liked the episode, yet again. Think this was Jon's best episode by a long shot. Sam was perfect, very much like I imagined but better. I liked their scenes together.
My daughter instantly fell in love with Ghost. Doesn't bother me that he's not silent. I had almost forgotten about that. 
I liked the touch of having Viserys saying "ouch" when the wax hits him, in contrast to Dany who revels in her scalding hot bath. 
I also loved having an additional scene with Viserys, since we don't have much left of him. I liked how he went from smooth operator to unhinged and back and forth. A few too many dragon names, but overall liked it a lot. 
I totally forgot that the tourney gets cut short and resumes the next day. I was like, wait...what?! Took me a second or two to recall that. I breathed a sigh of relief.
The Hound is one of my favorite characters, but I don't mind Littlefinger giving the exposition - it sets up the subsequent scenes with the brothers nicely. There will probably be other things later on to give The Hound and Sansa more time. I also think they need to give Littlefinger more to do, since he is a larger player in the series than the Hound. 
Jory is my favorite inconsequential character, and the actor is doing a great job. Loved the scene with NCW. 
Gendry did great, and I was pleased with that scene. 
Hodor! Aww. Liked the way the dream sequence started the episode. It was short but set it up nicely. 
I knew Theon would get a great deal of exposition this week. Not only has his name been mentioned, but why he's there and who his father is - and I loved Jaime's quip about him not being a good lad. Great development for him.
552	Still not king	2011-05-09	I am surprised there isn't more of an outcry from the Hound-fan corner. Where is the ANGER in the Hound? He's a mean dude, not just disillusioned and apathetic. Sansa's supposed to be afraid of the anger she sees in him.... "she had never seen eyes so full of anger." Where is the dynamism of Sandor? This is a flat character! (I might add, I don't believe for a second it's the actor's fault, especially since GRRM said he was so awesome in his audition.)Right now I'm clinging to hope.  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I wasn't expecting this...clinically depressed labrador.  And no, it's not the actor's fault - I love McCann and had high hopes, still do though...  We're not even halfway through season 1.  I realise it's not the book-Hound we're getting, but it's the Hound from the books I wanted (can't see what's so unreasonable about that)...and if that makes me a bad fan who should just go hide under a rock then so be it.  I love the rest of the series, but he is my favourite so I'll whine as much as I bloody well like.  The rest of the tournament we'll see next week, still haven't given up hope.  I adore Maisie as Arya, and I've grown very fond of the rest of the cast as well.   Not trying to be a stick in the mud.
553	Ran	2011-05-09	Corrected the links to the Bryan Cogman and John Bradley interviews in our episode guide, for those wondering.I think I note that they had intended to film the feast sequence, and I can't help but think that something happened and they had to find some way to preserve some of the information from there. We may have lost out on a drunken Robert roaring about how he'd take part in the joust (yes, the joust on the show, the melee only barely gets mentioned -- think they may have felt that they'd need to explain what the word means...), and of course they may have intended to follow the Sandor and Sansa scene as written in the novels and simply couldn't find any other way to shoe-horn the Hound's history into the story than to give it to Littlefinger.
554	lokisnow	2011-05-09	an amazing episode.
I had one quibble and no one else noticed it.
We never see Ghost in the scene with Rast, it's just a close up (the right angle, mind you) of Ghost Growling, coupled with Rast looking up at  where Ghost should be (if the wolf were, in fact there) in utter terror.  So yeah, to me that felt a really sloppy edit, the lighting matched and the eyelines and scale matched, but the lack of a wider shot of Ghost intimidating Rast really bugged me.   So yay for the magic of editing, it did its job and no one questioned that scene! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by lockesnow, 09 May 2011 - 05:11 AM.
555	Chirios	2011-05-09	Doesn't matter how many times I read it, doesn't matter how many times I see it, Catelyn Stark is still a bloody moron.
This is the episode where it all goes FUBAR. Thanks alot Catelyn.
556	legba11	2011-05-09	They had to put a lot of exposition in this one, and for those who are worried about lack of actions, think of what's coming.
Next episode will (likely) have the Loras/Cleganes in the joust, the fights with the hill tribes on the way to the Eirye and the Lannister/Stark battle in Kings Landing.
Episode 6 will be the ends of Viserys (no doubt there)
Episode 7 likely means Robert and Drogo's mortal woundings.
557	Balefont	2011-05-09	Doesn't matter how many times I read it, doesn't matter how many times I see it, Catelyn Stark is still a bloody moron.This is the episode where it all goes FUBAR. Thanks alot Catelyn.Oh boy.  Another Catelyn hater.In the context of the show, how is she a "bloody moron"?
558	stevelabny	2011-05-09	I really don't get the continued comments about making characters more sympathetic. How did you guys get through 4 books without learning that every narrator in ASOIAF is unreliable?
Every well-crafted character should be just like a real person... with motivations and reasoning, however flawed, for doing what they do. 
Aliser Thorne has ALWAYS been right about Sam, and about the sorry state of the recruits. However, you always read about it tainted through the eyes of Jon and his Stark-ness. We also know that Aliser talks tough, but doesn't actually do anything about it. And sure enough, the show has only shown him directing attacks against Jon, and scolding the recruits, but never actually TEACHING. 
Jaime has always been the total package he is in book 3, YOU don't find out about his thoughts and private conversations, but he obviously didn't change his opinion on why he killed Aerys or how people would react or how he felt about Cersei and Tyrion and the Kingsguard.   The only change Jaime goes through is realizing that Cersei doesn't actually love him the way he loves her. And that he comes to respect Brienne. And you know what? If he had to push an 7 year old out a window to save Brienne, he would. 
You can argue that part of the fun/gimmick of the books is the unreliable narrator, and that is lost on the show to a certain extent, and you may be right, but there is NO WAY to film the POVs from the book.
559	Grogsmash	2011-05-09	In the context of the show, how is she a "bloody moron"?For doing exactly what she did.What is the best case for capturing Tyrion atm? She takes him to the Vale, he is tried and convicted and killed. Yet convicted on what evidence? Off Petyr saying it was Tyrion's dagger? Which even if it was Tyrion's dagger, still doesn't prove a damn thing, since he could have given it away or it might have been stolen. What was his motivation to do so? Again she has no idea of the motivation either.So in the best case he gets convicted and killed off shoddy evidence in a trial that no one outside of Stark loyalists will accept, and still no one would know why he did it. This would clearly put them at the brink of war with the Lannisters even if Ned could get Robert to stop an actual war.Yet all that is the BEST CASE scenario, if he is convicted and Ned/Robert stop a full-blown war. Obviously way worse things happen. She was more than a bloody moron. I mean honestly, how did she think this was going to work out well at all is beyond me.
					
					
							Edited by Grogsmash, 09 May 2011 - 06:05 AM.
560	TheEvilKing	2011-05-09	Wasn't blown away by this episode like I was last week. I think perhaps I was a little disappointed - was expecting the whole Hand's Tourney this ep. Knight of the Flowers, Lord Beric, the Hound vs the Mountain! Ah well, guess I can look forward to it next week.Good stuff:I enjoyed all the scenes at Winterfell. Hodor & 3IC, a bit more Theon, Robb being all coldly courteous, Tyrion. Nicely done.The Doreah/Viserys scene was good, possibly went on for a bit long though. Doreah is hot as fuck.Littlefinger was much improved. I liked the scene with Ned.Jon Snow and Allister Thorne were great.The last scene was cool. Cat was kinda badass in it.Stuff that wasn't as good:Ned Stark Investigates doesn't do much for me. To be fair, it wasn't the most interesting story in the books to me either.The Jory/Jaime scene fell a bit flat for me.The tourney left me a bit underwhelmed. Hoping it'll get a bit more epic next week.Not enough Arya! No Syrio! Barely any Robert! No Rhakaro! /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' /> Bit too much Sam.It was also a bit too expositiony. Lots of straight up explanations of history and stuff. Wasn't as subtle as last week's worldbuilding.
561	Greywolf2375	2011-05-09	Yet all that is the BEST CASE scenario, if he is convicted and Ned/Robert stop a full-blown war. Obviously way worse things happen. She was more than a bloody moron. I mean honestly, how did she think this was going to work out well at all is beyond me.She took the word of someone she has known and trusted & a member of the King's small council - that would be enough to act upon.  She arrested him based on the knowledge she had at the time - which was the right thing to do.  The fact that the trial was poorly done doesn't dismiss the fact that the information she had pointed to Tyrion as being the driver of the plot, and that the information was provided by - to her knowlege - a reputable source in front of another of the small council and the Hand of the King. The Hand's Tournament: Plenty of good seats still available:  Would it have killed then to have CGI'd a few people, because it looks like the tournament of the Hand was held in Springfield, Massachusetts.  HEY!  We've got the Basketball Hall of Fame & something about...volleyball...I think.  We'd easily put more arses in the seats!!I liked the episode overall.I'm not a fan of the Sandor/Sansa thing, so Littlefinger telling the story didn't bother me at all.I didn't like how quickly it appears Theon is going from a Stark supporter to loathing them - 2 episodes ago in the Godswood he is supporting the Starks moves, now he is twisting his moustaches.One scene I would have liked to have had included - just because it would have been funny as hell - is the Tyrion v. Thorne exchange at dinner.Ghost making a noise...not a fan of it, to me that was part of the mystery about Ghost - why is it he doesn't make a sound.  Does it ruin anything for me?  not even a little bit.Hodor flopping Bran around like a rag doll was pretty priceless too.Sam looks the part, is playing the craven the part and is showing he's got the intelligence he is written to have - plus a decent sense of humor.Not sure who made the comment - but we did get the comparative for The Mountain versus other men.  We had Jory speaking to Ser Hugh - with Hugh being a good bit taller.  Then we have Gregor on his horse dwarfing Ser Hugh - I liked how they did that, was subtle without having 3 yard sticks next to him showing "OMFG, this guy is the HUGENESS!!"I did think the spar of wood in the throat scene went a bit too long - I got it after the third burble of blood coming out that something amiss had happened.
562	Balefont	2011-05-09	For doing exactly what she did.What is the best case for capturing Tyrion atm?I think there is plenty of evidence to implicate a Lannister (because holy shit it was a Lannister that through her son out a window and it was another Lannister who hired a man to finish the boy) and then when a man, whom you trust, gives you that final piece of information, of course she's going to act on it.  What if he was guilty and she let him go?  He could easily have caught wind of the rumors against him and then run to Casterly Rock for safety.Don't blame Cat for falling for Littlefinger's lies and plots.  She's not the only one who makes such fatal mistakes for believing Littlefinger.  It's just easier, with hindsight, to pin point these major turnings on her actions at the Inn at the Crossroads.  (Then there's Sansa's 'betrayal' of Ned which is always laid at her feet when it was her father's fault in actuality).
563	Balefont	2011-05-09	I did think the spar of wood in the throat scene went a bit too long - I got it after the third burble of blood coming out that something amiss had happened.Or, it was a great opportunity to continue to strip Sansa of her flight of fancy that tourneys are grand events with gallant knights but are instead shocking and brutal like life.
564	Tempra	2011-05-09	Loved this episode.  Easily the best so far...  A few thoughts:- Jon Snow gets better and better.  I cannot understand why some of you guys dont like him.  Hes emotional, brooding, angst filled, all just like the books. Perfect job so far.He is definitely getting better in each show.  Jon was painful in the first two episodes.  What was up with his diction?  Was he forcing an accent? Is English not his first language? "I.......am.......a.......bas.....tard.". The problem has appeared to vanish, but it was hard to watch his scenes in the pilot.
					
					
							Edited by Tempra, 09 May 2011 - 07:18 AM.
565	legba11	2011-05-09	Catelyn has often been the target of my ire in the books also, so I'll try to explain my thoughts on her.
1. She completely abandons her #1 priority (and don't try to put modern values on this, they are not in play here) of raising her children to seek vengeance. Bran is crippled, Rickon is an infant (in the books) and Robb is in need of molding to become a great Lord and the most important Warden of the realm.  Yet she must deliver the dagger to Ned.  No one else could do that?  She went to Kings Landing to get her vengeance.
2. She abandons Winterfell and leaves it in the hands of a child (moreso in the books, but he is still young in the show).  The castle doesn't even have a steward, and she takes one of the better people to assist Robb with her to make matters worse.
3. "Trust Peter, trust Lyssa"  As pig-headed as Ned is, how different would things have turned out for the Starks if she had better judgement? Ned is blinded by his honor, and this is his weakness.  What is Catelyn's excuse, these are people she knew since childhood.
4. Arresting Tyrion.  We know he didn't do it (well almost know).  She doesn't.  It was her son.  Being irrational is understandable.  However, at the end of the day you must be responsible for your actions, and this is what lights the fuse for events which end with a lot of dead bodies.  She is not completely responsible for what follows, no one is.  This is the one event you can point to as the event which starts the ball rolling fast enough so it couldn't be stopped.
5. She releases Jaime.  This is probably the dumbest single action in the books since Viserys decided to get into a dick-swinging contest with Drogo.
Everyone talks about how foolish, shrill, awful Cersei is by Book 4.  Compared to Catelyn, Cersei is Augustus Caesar.  And what hardships led to Catelyn's flaws?  One bastard sired when her husband had barely known her and was at war.  One son permanently injured, yet still very capable.  Look at what Cersei had to fight through in comparison, yet she is the one who such a poor ruler.
566	Fez	2011-05-09	I absolutely adored the first 3 episodes, but this one just didn't do it for me.  Possibly the novelty of seeing the books on screen is wearing off and so I'm turning a more critical eye on the show.  Or possibly I was just tired; I don't know.
There were certainly parts that I really, really liked (Jon, Sam, and Thorne inside; Littlefinger and Ned walking; The Inn at the Crossroads; some others too), but there was a lot that I didn't.  And it wasn't changes they made, I don't care that Petyr told the Hound's story, it was more the pacing.  This is the first time I noticed just how fast the show moves and there were far too many points where I thought "okay I've read the books so I know why this happens, but just going by the show there is no explanation and...oh wait, we've moved on to another scene already".  
Also I really wish they made the crowd bigger.  It would look much better and its actually quite easy and inexpensive to do.  All that needs to happen is they film the extras standing around cheering over and over, each time standing in a different spot and then layer those takes with the actual jousting and bingo, instant massive crowd.  That massive "Nazi rally" crowd cheering in Ian McKellen's Richard III; that was 50 extras (plus the entire main cast standing with them) filmed a couple dozen times around the stadium.  And it looked great; wish HBO did it here.  This was the first time budget constraints pulled me out of the show.
567	legba11	2011-05-09	This is the actor who plays Gregor:  http://www.conanstevens.com/
He is a monster.
568	Ormond	2011-05-09	Sorry for the double post; the site seemed to be stuck the first time I posted. See below.
					
					
							Edited by Ormond, 09 May 2011 - 07:48 AM.
569	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-09	This is the first time I noticed just how fast the show moves and there were far too many points where I thought "okay I've read the books so I know why this happens, but just going by the show there is no explanation and...oh wait, we've moved on to another scene already".  First comment the husband made was "I should have rewatched the last episode" and when it was over he said we should watch it again on Saturday
570	Ran	2011-05-09	For those concerned about pacing, these last couple of episodes have covered 6-7 chapters each. By the end of episode 6, there's 29 chapters left, or an average of 7 chapters an episode. It's really pretty on-track, though some of the remaining episodes may cover somewhat and some may capture somewhat less than that average.
571	Tempra	2011-05-09	This is the actor who plays Gregor:  http://www.conanstevens.com/He is a monster.Wow, he's perfect.  Total badass.
572	Ormond	2011-05-09	Pronunciations keep frustrating me.  Hearing things pronounced different than I have been pronouncing them in my head for years pisses me off.  I have always thought Aegion to be pronounced E-Jon.  Viserys pronounced it E-Gon like the damned ghostbuster.  And I sounded out Maegor as Mage-or.  I can't remember how he said it but I was like WTF?  But overall I have minor nitpicks for another great episode.This is being nitpicky myself, but I'm afraid the above shows you may not understand normal English spelling rules. Gendry could certainly as easily be pronounced "Jendry" as with a "hard g", because g can be sounded like j in front of e or i. But in front of a or o, g is always supposed to have the "hard g" sound, isn't it? So to me it should be normally figured out that Aegon and Maegor were meant to be pronounced with a "hard g". Any way, I really enjoyed the episode. I wonder if the scene with Viserys in the bath wasn't partly added to increase the "naked sex" quota for HBO viewers who sort of expect that in an HBO series, but the dialogue in the scene was so good I'm not upset that they did include it.As usual I thought the ending scene was one of the best. Interesting how the last scenes of episodes have been both especially good and often especially faithful to the book. I just can't stop thinking, though, that if they plan to do a "season per book" AND the seasons are all just ten episodes, that the series will almost have to go downhill in the eyes of most avid readers. I think they can just fit the important stuff from AGOT into ten episodes. I don't see how there's any way they can fit ACOK or ASOS into ten episodes in a way that would satisfy me.
573	Kaitscralt	2011-05-09	I felt the pacing was actually better this episode than the last.
574	Axon	2011-05-09	(Then there's Sansa's 'betrayal' of Ned which is always laid at her feet when it was her father's fault in actuality).How do you figure?
575	Maester Cressan	2011-05-09	This was the most disappointing episode for me so far.Okay, there were some good Danny scenes, and some great Sam and Jon scenes.But what was with that exposition about dragons skulls?Look, I know dragon skulls are cool and all- but truthfully they are completely unimportant to the plot.  Even if you wanted to tell us something it should have been a much shorter moment. This felt like padding, and we don't have time for that.Way too much time spent on that.  And the Greyjoy history- yes I suppose we needed to learn, although truthfully we don't need to know any of that till start of second season, and we could have learned it then.  Even if they want to dump it on us now we didn't need that much time spent on it.All that time wasted that could have been spent on the Tournament and more important scenes:Either A. Spend time developing the Hound/Sansa scenes correctly.or B. Introduce R+L storyline more.  We need to know about that far more then we do about old dragon skulls or the Greyjoy Rebellion.Truthfully R+L is so important that we ought to have a comment about Ned's sister every episode.We had some in episode 1, and 2, but then she's forgotten.  Lyanna's ghost ought to be hanging over us and the plot.  We the viewers should all be thinking to ourselves: "Why do they keep talking about this dead girl?  She must be really important."
					
					
							Edited by Maester Cressan, 09 May 2011 - 07:55 AM.
576	Kaitscralt	2011-05-09	Look, I know dragon skulls are cool and all- but truthfully they are completely unimportant to the plot.  Even if you wanted to tell us something it should have been a much shorter moment. This felt like padding, and we don't have time for that.Most non-readers that I've read reviews from or people I know are much more interested in the dragons eggs than the reader would have been. Getting the dragon back-story out of the way makes sense to me.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 09 May 2011 - 08:04 AM.
577	NW Deserter	2011-05-09	Not sure who made the comment - but we did get the comparative for The Mountain versus other men.  We had Jory speaking to Ser Hugh - with Hugh being a good bit taller.  Then we have Gregor on his horse dwarfing Ser Hugh - I liked how they did that, was subtle without having 3 yard sticks next to him showing "OMFG, this guy is the HUGENESS!!"Agree with this. When they showed Gregor riding out on his horse, even before he lined up next to Ser Hugh, my non-reader friend said "That is a huge man on a huge horse!" So...I think the idea of his size is definitely there. I'm glad they found such a massive man who was willing to play him - I'm pumped to see the rest of the tournament next week, Gregor/Sandor/Loras is one of my favorite scenes from the first book. Also, I didn't mention this in my post earlier but I can definitely understand now why they moved the Hound's story to LF. That might even be one of those things that Martin suggested; he likely saw that the confrontation between the brothers was a bit confusing with no established reason behind it.
578	Kaitscralt	2011-05-09	Agree with this. When they showed Gregor riding out on his horse, even before he lined up next to Ser Hugh, my non-reader friend said "That is a huge man on a huge horse!" So...I think the idea of his size is definitely there. I'm glad they found such a massive man who was willing to play him - I'm pumped to see the rest of the tournament next week, Gregor/Sandor/Loras is one of my favorite scenes from the first book. Also, I didn't mention this in my post earlier but I can definitely understand now why they moved the Hound's story to LF. That might even be one of those things that Martin suggested; he likely saw that the confrontation between the brothers was a bit confusing with no established reason behind it.I didn't think they'd even be finishing the tournament on the show, since Eddard is not in attendance like he was in the novel, and Ser Hugh's death forwards the plot on.
579	NW Deserter	2011-05-09	Pretty sure they are though...in a couple of the trailers, we see Gregor and the Hound duking it out.  /mellow.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />
580	johnnysd	2011-05-09	This was the most disappointing episode for me so far.Okay, there were some good Danny scenes, and some great Sam and Jon scenes.But what was with that exposition about dragons skulls?Look, I know dragon skulls are cool and all- but truthfully they are completely unimportant to the plot.  Even if you wanted to tell us something it should have been a much shorter moment. This felt like padding, and we don't have time for that.Way too much time spent on that.  And the Greyjoy history- yes I suppose we needed to learn, although truthfully we don't need to know any of that till start of second season, and we could have learned it then.  Even if they want to dump it on us now we didn't need that much time spent on it.All that time wasted that could have been spent on the Tournament and more important scenes:See, I completely disagree with that. Dragons are among the most important if not THE most important part of the story. They are the foundation on which all of Westeros is built, and they are its future as well with the return of magic that they bring. And in a TV show they are even more important.In terms of Lyanna they have done a TON of foreshadowing and hints about Jon's lineage already. Go to a non book reader thread and they will spend half of their time trying to figure it out, some actually getting it right.
581	GoTreviews	2011-05-09	Sorry to bring the whine about wolves back in the thread, but any one else was disapointed about Tyrion's scene in Winterfell ? I'd thought that'd be our chance at seeing Rickon...
Anyway, that (and the Hound not telling history) set aside, great episode. I'm curious by the way, how do you feel about the characters growing on you, as readers ? While watching The Wire, I remember I took some time to take an interest in some of the secondary characters... having read the books makes it different.
It's obvious that they're trying to put the spotlight on Jaime, but what about the other characters? Can you feel more interest for them as the episodes goes, or do you interest stays like the ones you had after reading the books ?
582	Kaitscralt	2011-05-09	Pretty sure they are though...in a couple of the trailers, we see Gregor and the Hound duking it out.  /mellow.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />Oh. In that case then I am super excited. I've not seen any of those trailers, though I'd like to.
583	NW Deserter	2011-05-09	It's obvious that they're trying to put the spotlight on Jaime, but what about the other characters? Can you feel more interest for them as the episodes goes, or do you interest stays like the ones you had after reading the books ?Actually yes, there are several characters I care more about than the books, including some major ones - Catelyn and Robert, in particular.The show has also made me like Jory, Ser Jorah, and Ser Thorne far more than in the books. Thorne in particular is an interesting case, as think they've turned a one-dimensional guy who was just "Snow's antagonist" into a more complex, two-dimensional character. I'll need to rewatch to confirm, but on first viewing, the whole table-scrubbing scene with Jon/Sam/Thorne was one of the best of the series so far. Great characterization of all three of those guys.
584	Manakhkubar	2011-05-09	All that time wasted that could have been spent on the Tournament and more important scenes:Either A. Spend time developing the Hound/Sansa scenes correctly.or B. Introduce R+L storyline more.  We need to know about that far more then we do about old dragon skulls or the Greyjoy Rebellion.That's a joke, I guess?! Okay, the whole Sansador thing might be a "nice" extra characterisation for a minor character (even though it is completely unnecessary for his role), but come on, Lyanna? She has already had much too much screen time by now, and I don't see how she is important at all in the first four books - while the Greyjoys are, and (the) Dragons are and their skulls are going to be shown this very season.
585	kungtotte	2011-05-09	Holy shit.
586	aariafromarty	2011-05-09	Gregor's shield only had one dog.
587	Kaitscralt	2011-05-09	Holy shit.Was that a good HS or a bad HS?
588	NW Deserter	2011-05-09	Holy shit.Go on...  /smileysex.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smileysex:' />
589	kungtotte	2011-05-09	Was that a good HS or a bad HS?A good one. Everything in GoT is making me squeal like a little girl over how well they are pulling it off.
590	Starkess	2011-05-09	I also have some reservations about the Viserys bathtub scene. It started off as useful and helpful exposition...but when Doreah fired up the hand job and Viserys kept chatting away listing off dragon names, I did this:  /sleep.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' /> . Don't get me wrong, Harry Lloyd is absolutely perfect...I'm just convinced that sex and simultaneous dialog is, as a rule, over the top. It's distracting and often silly. While I agree the scene was too long, I really liked the sex+dialogue here because it seemed to me that Viserys was obviously getting aroused not by Doreah but by thinking about the dragons. WHAT A CREEPER!
591	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	I have a question, do you guys suppose that Sansa's "I will never forgive him" (speaking of Ned) is going to be used to excuse her betrayal of him to Cersei?
592	Ser Greguh	2011-05-09	Another thing I noticed upon a rewatch: for those worried that The Hound isn't going to be fleshed out for the series because his backstory was given to Littlefinger, I wouldn't despair: Rory McCann is in the opening credits, he's going to get his due.
593	kungtotte	2011-05-09	While I agree the scene was too long, I really liked the sex+dialogue here because it seemed to me that Viserys was obviously getting aroused not by Doreah but by thinking about the dragons. WHAT A CREEPER!Did you hear his voice when he came storming into Dany's tent? Like a spoiled little brat on the verge of tears because he can't have that comic book/toy/candy in the store.Lloyd is playing Viserys perfectly.
594	NW Deserter	2011-05-09	I have a question, do you guys suppose that Sansa's "I will never forgive him" (speaking of Ned) is going to be used to excuse her betrayal of him to Cersei?Even if they don't do that directly, they're certainly setting Sansa's betrayal up to be very believable, which is a change I appreciate. On my first read, I thought that was a very flimsy plot decision with not much backing, and with an older Sansa in the show it would be even less believable without lines like this.
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 09 May 2011 - 09:23 AM.
595	Vuron	2011-05-09	Gregor's shield only had one dog.Yes, it did, but his cloak had all 3.  I was confused about that, too.I hate to comment on how bad Cat screwed up by taking Tyrion because it has been discussed in hundreds of threads, but.... to those commenting that she was using information from one of her oldest and loyal friends (Littlefinger), he specifically mentioned in the last episode that there wasn't enough evidence to accuse Tyrion and that he could simply say that the dagger was stolen.  This was simply a matter of her ignoring all logical advice and letting her emotions rule her.  Which we've seen is the foundation for her character.
596	Trebla	2011-05-09	While I agree the scene was too long, I really liked the sex+dialogue here because it seemed to me that Viserys was obviously getting aroused not by Doreah but by thinking about the dragons. WHAT A CREEPER!Good point. It's like Aerys getting aroused after he burned Lord Chelsted and he makes a rare visit to Queen Rhaella. Dany was brutally conceived.
597	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	I really don't get the continued comments about making characters more sympathetic. How did you guys get through 4 books without learning that every narrator in ASOIAF is unreliable?Every well-crafted character should be just like a real person... with motivations and reasoning, however flawed, for doing what they do. Aliser Thorne has ALWAYS been right about Sam, and about the sorry state of the recruits. However, you always read about it tainted through the eyes of Jon and his Stark-ness. We also know that Aliser talks tough, but doesn't actually do anything about it. And sure enough, the show has only shown him directing attacks against Jon, and scolding the recruits, but never actually TEACHING. Jaime has always been the total package he is in book 3, YOU don't find out about his thoughts and private conversations, but he obviously didn't change his opinion on why he killed Aerys or how people would react or how he felt about Cersei and Tyrion and the Kingsguard.   The only change Jaime goes through is realizing that Cersei doesn't actually love him the way he loves her. And that he comes to respect Brienne. And you know what? If he had to push an 7 year old out a window to save Brienne, he would. You can argue that part of the fun/gimmick of the books is the unreliable narrator, and that is lost on the show to a certain extent, and you may be right, but there is NO WAY to film the POVs from the book.
598	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	I'd never thought of it that way, but you are absolutely right.
599	The Warmth of Winter	2011-05-09	Wow, pretty awesome episode actually. I loved the way they showed Ser Hugh dying all bloody. It was a nice contrast to all the grandeur and, I assume, a bit of an awakening to non-readers who are watching the show. It was a long time since the last gory scene so it was nicely timed. I could have used a bit more action on Sansa's reaction, but hey it was ok.I liked that Theon finally got some screen time. I loved Arya's scene along with Tyrion's scene. There was a nice build-up between Jaime and Jory (although, I don't think his name was ever mentioned) and the dream sequence was awesome.  I did mislike Littlefinger delivering Sandor's lines but hopefully they will still put some effort into their meeting and relationship. The tourney was a bit underwhelming, but I guess they can still make up for it since there's more epic stuff to come. Something which was really weird, though, was the scene before Sam is beat up for the first time. The guy who later hits him, stands with his sword behind his back and along his shoulders and actually flexes the sword! WTF? Are you supposed to be able to do that with a real blade?I just sat there staring (he did it for quite some time, too) and thought:"Rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber sword, rubber sword, rubber, rubber, it's made of rubber..."  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
600	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	For doing exactly what she did.What is the best case for capturing Tyrion atm? She takes him to the Vale, he is tried and convicted and killed. Yet convicted on what evidence? Off Petyr saying it was Tyrion's dagger? Which even if it was Tyrion's dagger, still doesn't prove a damn thing, since he could have given it away or it might have been stolen. What was his motivation to do so? Again she has no idea of the motivation either.So in the best case he gets convicted and killed off shoddy evidence in a trial that no one outside of Stark loyalists will accept, and still no one would know why he did it. This would clearly put them at the brink of war with the Lannisters even if Ned could get Robert to stop an actual war.Yet all that is the BEST CASE scenario, if he is convicted and Ned/Robert stop a full-blown war. Obviously way worse things happen. She was more than a bloody moron. I mean honestly, how did she think this was going to work out well at all is beyond me.
601	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	All I can say to that is "Amen Brother"
602	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	I think there is plenty of evidence to implicate a Lannister (because holy shit it was a Lannister that through her son out a window and it was another Lannister who hired a man to finish the boy) and then when a man, whom you trust, gives you that final piece of information, of course she's going to act on it.  What if he was guilty and she let him go?  He could easily have caught wind of the rumors against him and then run to Casterly Rock for safety.Don't blame Cat for falling for Littlefinger's lies and plots.  She's not the only one who makes such fatal mistakes for believing Littlefinger.  It's just easier, with hindsight, to pin point these major turnings on her actions at the Inn at the Crossroads.  (Then there's Sansa's 'betrayal' of Ned which is always laid at her feet when it was her father's fault in actuality).
603	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	Trusting Littlefinger because he used to love her, never mind the fact that Ned's brother almost killed him for it, is about the stupidest thing Starksbane ever does.
And what do you mean about Sansa's betrayal being Ned's fault?
604	Tempra	2011-05-09	While I agree the scene was too long, I really liked the sex+dialogue here because it seemed to me that Viserys was obviously getting aroused not by Doreah but by thinking about the dragons. WHAT A CREEPER!Eh, I felt it was the other way around. Doreah was getting noticeably aroused with each dragon name Vis mentions.  I agree he Is a total creeper, though.
605	kungtotte	2011-05-09	Something which was really weird, though, was the scene before Sam is beat up for the first time. The guy who later hits him, stands with his sword behind his back and along his shoulders and actually flexes the sword! WTF? Are you supposed to be able to do that with a real blade?I just sat there staring (he did it for quite some time, too) and thought:"Rubber, rubber, rubber, rubber sword, rubber sword, rubber, rubber, it's made of rubber..."  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />Well, they are training swords, but it was my understanding that they were made from wood (in the book), so really he shouldn't be flexing it.
606	Regina	2011-05-09	I loved SO much about this episode.  3 eyed crow, HODOR!, and direwolves!  It was also nice to hear some history on the Targs (or at least their dragons) and Greyjoys.
If I have a small quibble, it would be that it would have been nice to have some of this exposition in earlier episodes.  Granted, there has been SO much ground to cover, I don't know how they would have managed it.  
For example, I think it would have been nice to have had the Sansa/Septa scene last week, when they first arrived in King's Landing.  If nothing else, having Sansa tell Septa to shut up about the direwolves would have shown how she misses Lady and that she is angry with Ned for a reason.
Also, I think it would have been nice (especially for the non-readers) to have heard the Targ/dragon stuff earlier.
But like I said, it's a minor quibble.  I don't envy the writers at all, with the effort to keep all these characters and stories in play from week to week.
607	DragonAge93	2011-05-09	Great episode. Finally got to see Ghost! I really enjoyed the jousting scene, and the death of Hugh was grotesque and really played out well.
Also, does anyone knows if Ep. 5 will have more of the tournament? Because IIRC, it stretched on for a few days, and we've seen photos of Ned in the stands with Arya and Sansa, and also have seen footage of Gregor and Sandor clashing in the tourney. Just thought I'd ask as I didn't see anything of it in the preview.
608	Regina	2011-05-09	Also, regarding the tub sex/history lesson:  if 'waking the dragon' wasn't meant to be an euphemism, it certainly is one now!
609	End of Disc One	2011-05-09	Regarding swords, I've only held one real sword before and I was surprised at how bendy it was.
610	Convivial Edd	2011-05-09	I think the point to the dragon story was to set up next week when Arya overhears the convo with Varys, and then stumbles across the room with the dragon bones. 
Still the scene did drag on a bit. I don't think it would be that big of a deal if Game of Thrones wasn't otherwise soooo exposition heavy.
611	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-09	And what do you mean about Sansa's betrayal being Ned's fault?I'd argue it's mainly Ned's fault because he did not explain to Sansa the dangerousness of the situation they were in and didn't explain to why they were leaving. Sansa is a naive child and has absolutely no idea her father would lose his life over this, and she certainly pays dearly for her actions.
612	Axon	2011-05-09	Great episode. Finally got to see Ghost! I really enjoyed the jousting scene, and the death of Hugh was grotesque and really played out well.Also, does anyone knows if Ep. 5 will have more of the tournament? Because IIRC, it stretched on for a few days, and we've seen photos of Ned in the stands with Arya and Sansa, and also have seen footage of Gregor and Sandor clashing in the tourney. Just thought I'd ask as I didn't see anything of it in the preview.Correct.  Gregor and Sandor are not shown in the Ep. 5 preview, but we've seen that footage before (and if you have an HBO on demand account, you can watch a featurette on the House Tyrell, which shows Loras in costume, etc). So yeah, it'll be there.
613	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-09	Regarding swords, I've only held one real sword before and I was surprised at how bendy it was.Yes. Depending on the type of blade, swords are surprisingly flexible. You'd be shocked how much a thin blade like a rapier can flex. I'll have to go back and watch Grenn again because I didn't catch it at all, but some small flexing of a training longsword is not out of the question.ETA: Woot, up to two dots. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by GileanTheGrey, 09 May 2011 - 10:08 AM.
614	Brewmaster	2011-05-09	Things are happening, but it only seems like they happen at the end of episodes. I mean itÂ<U+0092>s great to watch the series IÂ<U+0092>ve read and love come alive but if itÂ<U+0092>s boring and talky to me, I canÂ<U+0092>t imagine how this will convey to non-readers. Did you ever consider that its boring and talky to you, because you've already read it and have already heard what they are talking about? You aren't getting new information. non-readers are.Deadwood was a great show. It was 95% talking with little going on. Most shows are mostly talking. Not just a series of action scenes. Readers of the book are jaded by knowing what's going to happen in advance.
615	Andhaira	2011-05-09	Great episode,. though not as good as episoide 3. 
So they changed the fact that Hound tells Sansa about his sordid tale, and made it so that Littlefinger tells her. Dunno how I really feel about this, though I would have preferred they kept it so the hound told her. But it does make Petyr seem rather perverted, which maybe was their point. 
Man Sansa is H-O-T. 
I wish we had gotten to see more of Vaes Dothrak. Maybe next episode. And I wanted to see more of the tourney. Again, maybe next episoide.
Oh and yeah, Ghost really needs to be silent. Hope they rectify this.
616	The hairy bear	2011-05-09	Trusting Littlefinger because he used to love her, never mind the fact that Ned's brother almost killed him for it, is about the stupidest thing Starksbane ever does.Perhaps we should create another thread to discuss (again) this matter, cause Cat haters have a tendency of hijacking threads, but there we go.Eddard needed an ally at King's Landing. Who should he trust? Varys is an utter traitor who plots to reinstate the Targaryens. Pycelle was rotten to the core and an ally to the Lannisters. Renly was unpredictable and unreliable.And the fact remains that Littlefinger could have been a great ally for Ned. If Petyr had seen a hint that Eddard was willing to compromise just a little bit, he would have sided with the Starks. But Eddard kept making a point of clearly saying to Littlefinger that his only reward for his help would be having done "the honorable thing".Compare it to Catelyn's negotiation with Lord Frey to cross the river. Cat knew the Walder owed her father fealty and that he had to comply with Robb's demand. But since she needed his cooperation, she compromised and conceeded the Late Lord Frey very favorable terms. Had Ned been in her place, Robb would still be waiting on the other side of the river and the Whispering Woods would had never happened.You don't like Cat, we get this. But puting all the blame on her for things that are completely other character's fault is nonsense.
617	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-09	The Hound is one of my favourite characters, and I'm reserving judgement on the Littlefinger expo for now. As it stands, it's set up Littlefinger's gossipy nature and unhealthy interest in Sansa. It's also brought in the Clegane backstory and makes a clear distinction between the two brothers, with Gregor's brutality underlined by the tourney death.That's only a problem for me if they axe the entire second half of the tourney, which I thought was great in the book - the introduction of Beric Dondarrion, Thoros of Myr and the Knight of Flowers, Gregor vs Sandor, and the Sandor-Sansa confrontation. That could still happen, even at a later stage, with him rubbishing her chivalric delusions. Their whole weird dynamic is one of the most interesting parts of Sansa's story in AGoT and if it's been culled entirely I'll be sorely disappointed.The pacing's got to be completely different in the adaptation: the books can abandon characters for a couple of hundred pages before devoting some time to them, but they have to stay in every episode of the show. If that means bulking out some roles here and there, or moving some stuff around, then I don't mind too much as long as it doesn't affect the end result.Loved the Greyjoy backstory, Robert generally being a class act, Jon and Dany becoming far more assertive and constructive than in the book. I am liking Dany way more on screen than in print.I didn't hate the Viserys scene (candlewax bit = fabulous) but it could def have been shorter. All the Ned stuff is pretty anvilicious, but maybe it has to be. No Gendry pun intended there."Find anything?""Robert's bastard son."Cuts right away to a look at Jaime.  Nice.Subtle as a brick that was! I facepalmed, and LOL'd.
618	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-09	Great episode,. though not as good as episoide 3. So they changed the fact that Hound tells Sansa about his sordid tale, and made it so that Littlefinger tells her. Dunno how I really feel about this, though I would have preferred they kept it so the hound told her. But it does make Petyr seem rather perverted, which maybe was their point. Man Sansa is H-O-T. I wish we had gotten to see more of Vaes Dothrak. Maybe next episode. And I wanted to see more of the tourney. Again, maybe next episoide.Oh and yeah, Ghost really needs to be silent. Hope they rectify this.I definitely did find Sansa much prettier this episode than she has been in the past. Much more justification for the older guys that repeatedly perv over her in the books. I think it was something with the different way her hair was done in the tournament scene that made her face look closer to our current modern definition of "pretty".
619	End of Disc One	2011-05-09	Did you ever consider that its boring and talky to you, because you've already read it and have already heard what they are talking about? You aren't getting new information. non-readers are.Deadwood was a great show. It was 95% talking with little going on. Most shows are mostly talking. Not just a series of action scenes. Readers of the book are jaded by knowing what's going to happen in advance.I have two friends who think the show is boring, but they also have horrible attention spans and aren't picking up on who the characters are.  They normally watch shows like The Bachellorette and Jersey Shore so this is show is out of their comfort zone.
620	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-09	I have two friends who think the show is boring, but they also have horrible attention spans and aren't picking up on who the characters are.  They normally watch shows like The Bachellorette and Jersey Shore so this is show is out of their comfort zone. My two housemates (+girlfriend) are glued. One of them's even started reading AGoT. (But then, we are nerdy people...) There's a lot of talking, but it's not just Basil Exposition - it's fleshing out that whole world and society. Backstory isn't a bad word. I'm a little disappointed this is Bryan Cogman's only episode; I loved it.
621	Huan	2011-05-09	Even if they don't do that directly, they're certainly setting Sansa's betrayal up to be very believable, which is a change I appreciate. On my first read, I thought that was a very flimsy plot decision with not much backing, and with an older Sansa in the show it would be even less believable without lines like this.I agree, my first thought when she said she would never forgive her father was that they were setting up another motivation for her behavior, and not just "I'm so in love with Joffrey and I'm angry that my father's taking me away from him."
622	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-09	Wow, so the folks over at the Television Without Pity non-reader thread are trying to connect Gendry to Cersei's "dead of a fever" firstborn son that got added back in 0102. Not a connection I had made, since I'm still stuck in the book version of "Robert has lots of bastards, Gendry is just one of many". While I'm certain D&D were intending this connection to be made, now I'm not so sure if it's intended as a red herring of some sort, or if they're actually planning to go that route with Gendry on down the road if the series gets to/past ADwD.
623	Volderon	2011-05-09	Jaime Lannister...amazing. All I have to say. Such an amazing actor.
Totally sympathize with him when Robert has his whores when he's on duty. Love it.
At times I felt the scenes went on a little too long. Alliser Thorne with Jon and Sam went on for ages with no apparent reason, same with Viserys in the bath. Don't get me wrong, I liked it, but it was like, "Ok, let's move on, let's go."
624	damian	2011-05-09	It's a bit strange to have them mention Roz and hear hair so many times in this show but they don't show her. Couldn't they have given EsmA© Bianco a quick scene as reference here. People might start to think that she is more important than she actually is. Like she is part of the mystery somehow.i thought she was the one tyrion was with in the first episode when jaime comes into his room?
625	Huan	2011-05-09	Need more tourney! One of the reasons I like book Sansa is that we have a common interest in the details of the houses and the members of the court. The best part of the show for me is just seeing all the characters.It sure did seem like they were low on jousters at this particular tournament! No wonder the crowds were thin. /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' /> As you said, in the book we learn a whole bunch of knights' and other characters' names in the beginning of the scene, before Ser Hugh's "accident." Couldn't they have had one or two jousts before the death?? Show Beric Dondarrion, for example, even if only briefly? He has been cast, so perhaps he'll show up in Episode 5, when they have the second half of the tournament.
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 09 May 2011 - 10:41 AM.
626	Caine	2011-05-09	I have two friends who think the show is boring, but they also have horrible attention spans and aren't picking up on who the characters are.  They normally watch shows like The Bachellorette and Jersey Shore so this is show is out of their comfort zone.Forget about non-readers, my wife was bored by this episode and she's read the series.  For the first time, I saw her doing other things during the episode (checking Facebook, getting ready for the next day, etc.)  I also draw a distinction between hard-core fans of ASOIAF and casual fans of the book series.  Backstory is not a bad thing, and I think that's part of the literary experience appeal: the feeling that these characters are part of something bigger, something that dates back generations.  But I don't think this translates very well visually for casual fans and non-readers.  The casual audience won't care that LF delivered a line that was Sandor's in the book (I certainly don't care).  I didn't even remember until it was pointed out here and other places.
627	Starkess	2011-05-09	Eh, I felt it was the other way around. Doreah was getting noticeably aroused with each dragon name Vis mentions.  I agree he Is a total creeper, though.I guess it depends on what's going on under the water, but the impression that I got was her face was a reaction to something he was doing--ie he was getting more aroused from talking about the dragons.
628	Triskan	2011-05-09	Subtle as a brick that was! I facepalmed, and LOL'd.I try to imagine how I would or would not be picking up the clues were I not someone that had read the books.  I like to think I'd have noticed that one, but I cannot say for sure.
629	Mad Queen	2011-05-09	I'm so loving Kit Harrington as Jon Snow. /wub.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />  Sam is also perfect, though not exactly how I had imagined him, and the  table-scrubbing scene was so good it should have been in the book.  Apart from that, I thought this episode was worse than the last one, too  much exposition. Wasn't there a better way to introduce Theon? Wouldn't  it have been a lot better to SHOW the dragon skulls in the Red Keep? I  reckon it would be cheap to make them. And I was shaking my head the  whole time Littlefinger was telling Sansa how the Hound got burnt. Maybe  the writers will fix the Sansa/Sandor storyline later, but right now it  seems a huge mistake. I'm glad the three-eyed crow omission has been  rectified.
Still not liking Jaime. The problem isn't that he is sympathetic -- he  is just not Jaime for me. He is far too docile and talkative and  civilized. I want to see an arrogant, badass knight who (on the surface  at least) doesn't give a fuck about anything.
630	Charles Phipps	2011-05-09	I'd argue it's mainly Ned's fault because he did not explain to Sansa the dangerousness of the situation they were in and didn't explain to why they were leaving. Sansa is a naive child and has absolutely no idea her father would lose his life over this, and she certainly pays dearly for her actions.I never hated Sansa the way others did but I did find her annoying. Even so, yes, there's no reason she should believe that the situation isn't Ned's fault.
631	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-09	It's weird, but my mental images of Sam and Jon never included either of them having beards.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 09 May 2011 - 10:56 AM.
632	GoTreviews	2011-05-09	Jaime Lannister...amazing. All I have to say. Such an amazing actor.Totally. It's been the best surprise for me in the show so far. I was really not convinced by his face, when I saw the early pictures, but man, he delivers. He's killing it at Jaime, despite how hard the part is... going from despicable to likable in an instant and being credible in both is a real challenge. His bit with Jory really shows how good he is at handling such changes.
633	Vuron	2011-05-09	Wow, so the folks over at the Television Without Pity non-reader thread are trying to connect Gendry to Cersei's "dead of a fever" firstborn son that got added back in 0102. Not a connection I had made, since I'm still stuck in the book version of "Robert has lots of bastards, Gendry is just one of many". While I'm certain D&D were intending this connection to be made, now I'm not so sure if it's intended as a red herring of some sort, or if they're actually planning to go that route with Gendry on down the road if the series gets to/past ADwD.I just came to post this.  I'm not sure what to make of this development, but it is a logical conclusion for a non-reader.  I'm not sure what direction this will take, but it is very interesting.
634	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-09	It's weird, but my mental images of Sam and Jon never included either of them having beards. Snap, and Renly. It makes them all look older. Was slightly annoyed that Sam Tarly of the Reach had a northern accent but then realised how hideously pedantic that is.On pedantry, I second whoever praised the family resemblances: the Tully, Baratheon and Lannister colouring is all spot-on so far. Kudos, HBO.
635	Kaitscralt	2011-05-09	I just came to post this.  I'm not sure what to make of this development, but it is a logical conclusion for a non-reader.  I'm not sure what direction this will take, but it is very interesting.My non-reader sister also is thinking that Gendry is involved with the dead child story of Cersei. I don't think people are picking up the constant dark hair =/= Lannister hair yet, so it should still be a great surprise when Eddard reveals it to viewers.
636	Brewmaster	2011-05-09	I don't know.  Some people who seem to know appear to be saying that SanSan has been axed completely.  There is still hope that it has been pushed back and not cut, of course. *fingers crossed*  If they do cut or too heavily truncate the SanSan, I will be really disappointed.  The viewing audience will be robbed of one of the most powerful and interesting threads of the series.I could definitely see them cutting the Sandor/Sansa romance. Sansa already has one borderline molester relationship that needs to be developed in Littlefinger. I realize that she has a few of them in the books, with Sandor and Dontos as well, but on TV without the benefit of inner monologues and without as much time able to be dedicated, Sansa is in danger of simply being seen as some Lolita with all these old men fawning over her.  If they cut that, I would say Sandor/Sansa fans might have cause to be a little disappointed for another reason. If D&D know future plans of the book, it might suggest that Sandor/Sansa isn't relevant going forward.
637	TargaryenFanboy	2011-05-09	I could seriously listen to these people talk all day long. The writing is very strong, and the acting is extraordinary. It's really hard to pick a standout, but I'd say Peter Dinklage, Emilia Clarke, Sean Bean, Mark Addy, Maisie Williams, Lena Headey, and Kit Harington. I know and love these characters but I still loved every story. Daenerys taking authority over her brother, and then realizing he will never be king, was so powerful. 
I was also blown away with the scene between Jon Snow and Sam scrubbing tables. I was deeply moved by Jon's story. I think that scene sold everything it needed to about Jon Snow and the Wall. Bravo to Kit Harington. 
RATING: 9/10
638	Greywolf2375	2011-05-09	Or, it was a great opportunity to continue to strip Sansa of her flight of fancy that tourneys are grand events with gallant knights but are instead shocking and brutal like life.And it was - it was an important scene for that transition to continue happening for Sansa; I just thought they kept the focus on him choking on his blood a couple seconds too long.
639	Isabella Stark	2011-05-09	Wouldn't  it have been a lot better to SHOW the dragon skulls in the Red Keep?Although I thought Viserys dragon-listing scene went on a little too long, I think it'll be helpful to the non-reader audience.  So when we get to the scene with Arya seeing the dragon skull, the audience will think "oh, those are those dragon skulls they mentioned last week."  Otherwise, Arya would have to talk out loud to herself with some dumb monologue where she says, "oh, these must by the dragon skulls that Septa Mordane told me used to hang in the throne room."I really enjoyed this episode.  There was a lot of exposition, but I thought they handled it well for the most part.  I really enjoyed the "new" scenes. I'm sure it's very likely that the Night's Watch has had a few Donner-party incidents in its history. (I wonder if this is something that we'll hear more about in ADWD?)One little thing I really liked was the way that Tyrion picked up on Catelyn's unexplained absence and saw potential significance.  I don't recall that from the book. (Was it in the book?) I think it showed how smart and observant he is.My non-reader friends are totally hooked. They got the significance of Ser Hugh getting killed. But despite the repeated explanations in the episode, I had to explain the history of Greyjoy's rebellion.
640	House Sage	2011-05-09	We never see Ghost in the scene with Rast, it's just a close up (the right angle, mind you) of Ghost Growling, coupled with Rast looking up at  where Ghost should be (if the wolf were, in fact there) in utter terror.  So yeah, to me that felt a really sloppy edit, the lighting matched and the eyelines and scale matched, but the lack of a wider shot of Ghost intimidating Rast really bugged me.   So yay for the magic of editing, it did its job and no one questioned that scene! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />This is what I'd come to say. It was fairly obvious to me during this scene that they had to chop in "stock footage" of Ghost. It's understandable, since I'm sure animal handling is a big cost, but it does explain why we've gotten so little Ghost. Hopefully they'll get a bigger budget next season and it'll be remedied.Otherwise, people have already mentioned all of my praise/critiques. I was a big fan of Gendry's casting, and -- a very small thing -- I liked that Hodor had a bit of a mentally-challenged slur. A quick way to introduce to first-time viewers that he's...well...Hodor.edit: Glad to see more DC area people having GoT parties, Isabella Stark! We watch it every week in Reston. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by House Sage, 09 May 2011 - 11:21 AM.
641	Huan	2011-05-09	I guess it depends on what's going on under the water, but the impression that I got was her face was a reaction to something he was doing--ie he was getting more aroused from talking about the dragons.I thought she was getting hot and bothered by the dragon talk... All I could think of was John Cleese reciting Russian to Jamie Lee Curtis...
642	howland_reed	2011-05-09	I guess it depends on what's going on under the water, but the impression that I got was her face was a reaction to something he was doing--ie he was getting more aroused from talking about the dragons.Well, Viserys at the time was talking about how the dragon skulls would get "bigger and bigger"
643	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	Anyone else catch the dragon named... Vermithrax? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I found it jarring.  Took me out of the story it was so obvious.  I would have preferred an allusion to Vermithrax with a more Valyrian sounding name.  Also wanted me some Silverwing.It was a bit of a bummer that the tourney got such short shrift, but it's understandable why if only for budgetary reasons. I wonder if we'll get the part where the winners are shown? If memory serves, after Ser Hugh's death the King postpones the rest until the next day.I think that Robert postponing the tournament after the death of Ser Hugh is a victim of having it be the first of the tourney.  Can't really cancel after one joust, even one so bloody.  Especially with the death being Ser Barely A Knight.I liked Dany beating up Viserys, but did not like her bitching Jorah out about the slaves.  WTF, girl?!  You know why you're able to tell your brother off?  Because you're married to the biggest slave-trader on the continent, that's why.  And those chicks who do your hair and cook your food--they're slaves.  Hypocrisy alert!  I don't mind her disliking slavery and eventually coming to reject it completely, but at this point she's in no position to lecture Jorah on the issue.Seventeen year old girl is inconsistent.  Film at eleven.  I'm shocked, SHOCKED I say that there is slavery going on in Ricks Vaes Dothrak.I know there are budget constraints, but the tournament just seemed too small. Would it have been really expensive to CGI in some additional crowds at the Hand's Tournament?When Caprica put a cheap crowd in to the Pyramid stadium, people here ripped them left, right, upside and downside.  In a episode relatively short of CGI, it would have been tremendously jarring.While I agree the scene was too long, I really liked the sex+dialogue here because it seemed to me that Viserys was obviously getting aroused not by Doreah but by thinking about the dragons. WHAT A CREEPER!I had the opposite take.  I too thought Doreah was the one getting her rocks going thinking about the dragons.  Which made her really get in to it, which brought along Viserys.  Only after Vis reverted to arseclown mode did Doreah revert to dutiful whore mode.  It probably has been a long time since Viserys had a woman who actually was getting turned on by him.Overall:Catelyn haters are just gonna hate.  Got nothing else in 'em - certainly not sense or the right of things.  With what, fifteen seconds to decide, she takes the initiative when the gods put Tyrion Lannister in her control.  Sets up her father's bannermen AND throws in the false trail for Winterfell.  In a forty second off-the-cuff speech.  What should she have done?  Let the little imp who stabbed her son go free?  Take him south in to the strength of the Lannisters?  She had one chance and took it.
644	ZombieWife	2011-05-09	I think one of the reasons they had Petyr spill the story of Sandor's burns was to make the non-reader audience understand that there is more going on in the confrontation between the Gregor and Sandor in the next episode.   Sandor isn't stepping in to save Loras, but rather make sure Gregor doesn't go too far in front of the King and get himself executed before Sandor has a chance to kill him.My thoughts exactly.
645	howland_reed	2011-05-09	Also wanted to comment on how I love how this show tends to shed new light on minor characters I never really cared for in the book, or thought were ridiculously one-dimensional.
Case in point -- Ser Alliser Thorne.
Also, when I read the book, I always just figured the purpose of Ser Hugh and his death was to introduce Gregor as a total badass who would skewer an opponent in a tournament.  Now, it's even made more clear that he was likely instructed to kill Ser Hugh by the Lannisters for what he may know.
646	ZombieWife	2011-05-09	I really don't get the continued comments about making characters more sympathetic. How did you guys get through 4 books without learning that every narrator in ASOIAF is unreliable?Every well-crafted character should be just like a real person... with motivations and reasoning, however flawed, for doing what they do. Aliser Thorne has ALWAYS been right about Sam, and about the sorry state of the recruits. However, you always read about it tainted through the eyes of Jon and his Stark-ness. We also know that Aliser talks tough, but doesn't actually do anything about it. And sure enough, the show has only shown him directing attacks against Jon, and scolding the recruits, but never actually TEACHING. Jaime has always been the total package he is in book 3, YOU don't find out about his thoughts and private conversations, but he obviously didn't change his opinion on why he killed Aerys or how people would react or how he felt about Cersei and Tyrion and the Kingsguard.   The only change Jaime goes through is realizing that Cersei doesn't actually love him the way he loves her. And that he comes to respect Brienne. And you know what? If he had to push an 7 year old out a window to save Brienne, he would. You can argue that part of the fun/gimmick of the books is the unreliable narrator, and that is lost on the show to a certain extent, and you may be right, but there is NO WAY to film the POVs from the book.Quoted for Emphasis.Love this post.  It really explains (well) how film will never be able to fully envelope all the nuances of a complex book such as this.
647	Jaime L	2011-05-09	I'm hesitant to criticize, really, any choices the creators make because seeing it brought to the screen has underscored how absurdly Herculean of an effort this is. The sheer amount of detail the series must convey to the viewer unfamiliar with the story is what I imagine a pilot must know before he's given the keys to a 747. I'm racking my brain trying to think of any TV/Film adaption as ambitious as this and drawing a total blank. How it has managed to be this remarkably faithful and masterfully attentive to the sweeping and multi-tentacled narrative of the books is nothing of short of astounding. Just about every actor strikes me as an inspired choice (though Arya, Jorah and Tyrion go even a step beyond that) and the visuals from the Wall to Winterfell to the Red Keep are across the board perfect, or as perfect as anyone could reasonably expect short of the series being bankrolled by a consortium of eccentric Russian Billionaires with penchants for miniature giraffes and being given a two hour time slot every week to tell the story instead of one.However EP104 showed me, perhaps, the limitations of cramming the series into the unforgiving medium of TV: The Hand's Tourney. I've seen folks in this thread comment in the margins about the disappointment of seeing what seems like 20-30 people in the crowd for this grand tournament that's bankrupting the realm but for me it goes beyond that. Part of RR's motivation for writing the series was his love of and fascination with Heraldry and the vivid grandeur of the high middle ages. I get that the Hand Tourney isn't a major plot point for the series which is why in the millions of decisions the creators had to make in telling the story they could leave this aspect on the cutting room floorm both for the time and expense it would presumably take to flesh it out. But to me it's one of the most vivid and fanciful scenes from the first book and so incredibly important for the flavor it sets to the whole story. Really added so much color and vividness to this world which is so important to me to serve as contrast to the grey and unyielding bleakness of the later books. If all we get is Gregor killing Ser Hugh, I can understand the decision, but will feel like so much is lost in the translation as a result. Granted it might carry over into EP105. We might see Jaime riding in his Golden Armor and the Knight of Flowers giving Sansa a rose, but IMHO, the tourney could've been a major atmospheric event for the entire second half of this episode and really a high water mark for showing us what this series is capable of. Instead we got Robert grumbling about it taking too long to start and a crowd that runs 2 deep.It felt like a not particularly well to do Rennaisance Faire and where the impact could've been deep and lasting it was instead slight and almost obligatory in feel. So I admit, even if the Tourney carries over to EP5 my expectations for the rest of it aren't particularly high. While the final scene of the prior episode foreshadowing the horrors of war by overlaying the sounds of steel during Arya's training with Syrio thought it could've been even more effective here from Ned's perspective watching this fool's game of knights playing at war. Would also be a nice contrast to Sansa's delight with the Chivalry and wonder of it all (which we also didn't really get in what was shone).Anyway, my intent isn't to belabor the point. This was in my view the first misstep in a truly amazing adaption. It just gives me pause with regard to how the series may handle the future battles we all know are on the horizon. I admit, I do want to have it all. The political intrigue and character growth (which the series has excelled at) and the epic feel and the grand visuals to really highlight what is at stake. I understand this may not be possible practically, but it doesn't stop me from desiring it all the same. At this point if it ends up feeling smaller than the books I'll see that as almost inevitable and still be completely appreciative for what they've done. But if it does manage to capture some of that grand feel, if the tourney turns out to not be emblematic of what the series is capable, that will be absolute gravy.
648	Greywolf2375	2011-05-09	...reasoned, well thought out post....Who invited this guy back?
649	howland_reed	2011-05-09	However EP104 showed me, perhaps, the limitations of cramming the series into the unforgiving medium of TV: The Hand's Tourney. I've seen folks in this thread comment in the margins about the disappointment of seeing what seems like 20-30 people in the crowd for this grand tournament that's bankrupting the realm but for me it goes beyond that. Part of RR's motivation for writing the series was his love of and fascination with Heraldry and the vivid grandeur of the high middle ages. I get that the Hand Tourney isn't a major plot point for the series which is why in the millions of decisions the creators had to make in telling the story they could leave this aspect on the cutting room floorm both for the time and expense it would presumably take to flesh it out. But to me it's one of the most vivid and fanciful scenes from the first book and so incredibly important for the flavor it sets to the whole story. Really added so much color and vividness to this world which is so important to me to serve as contrast to the grey and unyielding bleakness of the later books. Anyway, my intent isn't to belabor the point. This was in my view the first misstep in a truly amazing adaption. It just gives me pause with regard to how the series may handle the future battles we all know are on the horizon. I admit, I do want to have it all. The political intrigue and character growth (which the series has excelled at) and the epic feel and the grand visuals to really highlight what is at stake. I understand this may not be possible practically, but it doesn't stop me from desiring it all the same. At this point if it ends up feeling smaller than the books I'll see that as almost inevitable and still be completely appreciative for what they've done. But if it does manage to capture some of that grand feel, if the tourney turns out to not be emblematic of what the series is capable, that will be absolute gravy.Let's hope that the first season is a resounding success for HBO and viewership, so they decide to dump more money for S2.  Season 2 has a lot more action/battle scenes, and it would be an understatement to say I would be disappointed if the scale of those battles were as low-key as the jousting tournament.Typically though, the first season in any television show has the lowest production values.  Let's hope they get more extras and better CGI in the future.
650	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	Also, when I read the book, I always just figured the purpose of Ser Hugh and his death was to introduce Gregor as a total badass who would skewer an opponent in a tournament.  Now, it's even made more clear that he was likely instructed to kill Ser Hugh by the Lannisters for what he may know.I don't think so.  I think the haughty squire of the Vale was set up by Littlefinger.  LF clearly knows who he is - he tells Ned.  LF inspired the note to Catelyn.  In the books, Cersei doesn't seem to have given two thoughts to Ser Hugh, if she even knew who he was.  But LF is trying to sow enmity between Direwolf and Lion and a whisper in Gregor's ear (or perhaps his navel, LF can't really reach Gregor's ear) that killing Ser Hugh would be a service to the Lannisters probably would have been enough.  Gregor did it on purpose, but I don't get the sense that the Lannister twins ordered it.  That leaves LF as the most likely source.  Joffrey is another candidate, but he doesn't seem THAT clued in.
651	Jaime L	2011-05-09	Who invited this guy back?I was told I could come back but only if I stopped talking about the Cobra Kai so much. Let's hope that the first season is a resounding success for HBO and viewership, so they decide to dump more money for S2. Season 2 has a lot more action/battle scenes, and it would be an understatement to say I would be disappointed if the scale of those battles were as low-key as the jousting tournament.Typically though, the first season in any television show has the lowest production values. Let's hope they get more extras and better CGI in the future.*Fingers crossed*
652	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	I'm hoping that the first joust was scheduled for just after the crack of dawn.   The royal court and lords and ladies who had to be there were, but most sensible folks were sleeping in rather than watching the prelims.  Like first round matches at Wimbledon - especially the Wimbledon of the early 20th century.  spoiler for stuff in previews
	Spoiler   Plenty of tournament still to come.  We know we get the Loras-Gregor fight.  I'm sure there will be some Jaime as well. 
Ser Hugh coulda used Sensei Kreese.  The squire had a really crappy dojo.
653	Brewmaster	2011-05-09	I just came to post this.  I'm not sure what to make of this development, but it is a logical conclusion for a non-reader.  I'm not sure what direction this will take, but it is very interesting.I don't think its a logical conclusion, even for a non-reader.Gendry says he didn't know his mother, but he remembers her enough to know she had yellow hair and sang to him. That means he was at least 2 or 3 years old when he last saw his mother.No chance he could be Robert & Cersei's, even by the limited info given to us in the show.
654	Axon	2011-05-09	I'm hesitant to criticize, really, any choices the creators make because seeing it brought to the screen has underscored how absurdly Herculean of an effort this is. The sheer amount of detail the series must convey to the viewer unfamiliar with the story is what I imagine a pilot must know before he's given the keys to a 747. I'm racking my brain trying to think of any TV/Film adaption as ambitious as this and drawing a total blank. How it has managed to be this remarkably faithful and masterfully attentive to the sweeping and multi-tentacled narrative of the books is nothing of short of astounding. Just about every actor strikes me as an inspired choice (though Arya, Jorah and Tyrion go even a step beyond that) and the visuals from the Wall to Winterfell to the Red Keep are across the board perfect, or as perfect as anyone could reasonably expect short of the series being bankrolled by a consortium of eccentric Russian Billionaires with penchants for miniature giraffes and being given a two hour time slot every week to tell the story instead of one.However EP104 showed me, perhaps, the limitations of cramming the series into the unforgiving medium of TV: The Hand's Tourney. I've seen folks in this thread comment in the margins about the disappointment of seeing what seems like 20-30 people in the crowd for this grand tournament that's bankrupting the realm but for me it goes beyond that. Part of RR's motivation for writing the series was his love of and fascination with Heraldry and the vivid grandeur of the high middle ages. I get that the Hand Tourney isn't a major plot point for the series which is why in the millions of decisions the creators had to make in telling the story they could leave this aspect on the cutting room floorm both for the time and expense it would presumably take to flesh it out. But to me it's one of the most vivid and fanciful scenes from the first book and so incredibly important for the flavor it sets to the whole story. Really added so much color and vividness to this world which is so important to me to serve as contrast to the grey and unyielding bleakness of the later books. If all we get is Gregor killing Ser Hugh, I can understand the decision, but will feel like so much is lost in the translation as a result. Granted it might carry over into EP105. We might see Jaime riding in his Golden Armor and the Knight of Flowers giving Sansa a rose, but IMHO, the tourney could've been a major atmospheric event for the entire second half of this episode and really a high water mark for showing us what this series is capable of. Instead we got Robert grumbling about it taking too long to start and a crowd that runs 2 deep.It felt like a not particularly well to do Rennaisance Faire and where the impact could've been deep and lasting it was instead slight and almost obligatory in feel. So I admit, even if the Tourney carries over to EP5 my expectations for the rest of it aren't particularly high. While the final scene of the prior episode foreshadowing the horrors of war by overlaying the sounds of steel during Arya's training with Syrio thought it could've been even more effective here from Ned's perspective watching this fool's game of knights playing at war. Would also be a nice contrast to Sansa's delight with the Chivalry and wonder of it all (which we also didn't really get in what was shone).Anyway, my intent isn't to belabor the point. This was in my view the first misstep in a truly amazing adaption. It just gives me pause with regard to how the series may handle the future battles we all know are on the horizon. I admit, I do want to have it all. The political intrigue and character growth (which the series has excelled at) and the epic feel and the grand visuals to really highlight what is at stake. I understand this may not be possible practically, but it doesn't stop me from desiring it all the same. At this point if it ends up feeling smaller than the books I'll see that as almost inevitable and still be completely appreciative for what they've done. But if it does manage to capture some of that grand feel, if the tourney turns out to not be emblematic of what the series is capable, that will be absolute gravy.Well, there's definitely going to be more of the tournament.  I've seen the footage, and if it is what I think it is, we'll see Loras, et al next week.  Otherwise, there were some limitations, absolutely.  I thought the tourney would be one of the scenes that could not possibly live up to the book...and I guess I called it.  I agree with most of your points - you know, the wonder of the banners flapping in the wind and the pomp and circumstance contrasted by some poor kid who got mixed up with a nest of vipers taking on a murderous lunatic while Sansa watches his blood pump out of him. I think they could have cut the Viserys scene and added more of the tourney, but I understand why they did so. By the time he gets his "crown," we're supposed to like Drogo and despise Viserys.  The only problem is that Harry Lloyd is such a good looking dude, my GF doesn't want him to, well, you know. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
655	Jaime L	2011-05-09	I'm hoping that the first joust was scheduled for just after the crack of dawn.   The royal court and lords and ladies who had to be there were, but most sensible folks were sleeping in rather than watching the prelims.  Like first round matches at Wimbledon - especially the Wimbledon of the early 20th century.  spoiler for stuff in previews
	Spoiler   Plenty of tournament still to come.  We know we get the Loras-Gregor fight.  I'm sure there will be some Jaime as well. 
Ser Hugh coulda used Sensei Kreese.  The squire had a really crappy dojo.Well, that's somehwat reassuring. I do want to see them take another tilt at it. I'd score it to "You're the Best Around" but that's probably also why Hollywood has taken out an active restraining order against me.
656	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	I'd argue it's mainly Ned's fault because he did not explain to Sansa the dangerousness of the situation they were in and didn't explain to why they were leaving. Sansa is a naive child and has absolutely no idea her father would lose his life over this, and she certainly pays dearly for her actions.You do have a point there. But to me, in the books at least, Sansa was totally in love with the idea of being a princess, staying at court, eating lemon cakes and marrying Joffrey, the reason she betrayed Ned was that she didn't want to lose any of this. I dont think she would have believed him if he told her what was going on, her head was still full of songs and knights who act with honor. etc...
657	Huan	2011-05-09	Ep. 4: Inside the Episode on hbo.com.
658	Jaimelan	2011-05-09	Another thing that Starksbane can sort of be blamed for as well is Robb's death and the Red Wedding. If Robb hadn't witnessed her treatment of Jon for all the years Jon was at Winterfell. He may never have married Jeyne, I bet that a lot of the reasoning that went into his decision to marry her was not to risk having a bastard child who would be treated the same way Starksbane treated Jon.
659	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-09	Another thing that Starksbane can sort of be blamed for as well is Robb's death and the Red Wedding. If Robb hadn't witnessed her treatment of Jon for all the years Jon was at Winterfell. He may never have married Jeyne, I bet that a lot of the reasoning that went into his decision to marry her was not to risk having a bastard child who would be treated the same way Starksbane treated Jon.I think he would have been influenced by Ned's guilt and Jon's shame as much as Cat's scorn. The whole of society hates bastards, not just Cat.
660	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-09	Another enjoyable episode.Things I liked:The final scene when Tyrion gets 'arrested'.The tournament. The Mountain looked really cool in that armor. Some people feel that it was too short, and I agree, but the last part will be shown later. I remember seeing a clip of The Hound and The Mountain fighting each other as Ser Loras Tyrell is lying on the ground (I'd be very surprised if it turns out that they've cut this scene).Ghost!Sam.  I imagined him to be much 'heavier', but I actually like his appearance and he looks better than I'd expected. I also think John Bradley is very good as Sam.Jon Snow. I've liked this character since episode one, thanks to Kit Harington's performance. I think Snow is turning out to be one of the most interesting and three-dimensional characters in the series.Hodor! He looked pretty much the way I'd imagined him: A huge guy with a rather odd way of walking, and a facial-expression that doesn't suggest too much intelligence.Things I wasn't too excited about:The Vaserys bathtub scene. This is the only scene that I felt was rather slow and uninteresting. It would've worked slightly better if it had been much shorter, but the best thing, in my opinion, would've been to cut it altogether.
661	Blue Steel	2011-05-09	Jaime L is right.  The more I think about it the more I am disapointed in the epicness of the show.Dont' get me wrong, I love the show but that's mostly due to the performances and writing.
I just wish HBO spent more money on CGI and put in some establishment shots of larger crowds especailly for the tournament.  I remember that John Adams post production video and I don't see any of that here.
There looked to be a 100 people at the tournament when there should have been thousands.  It didn't feel epic.  I think another problem is that there are so many long takes as if they are trying to cram so much into fewer shots instead of having multiple small shots of say the archery contest and maybe a montage of jousts.
Everything is being established by words and not by images.  When I pointed out that the show needs to establish more time changing shots, someone retorted that since Dany was pregnant fro 2 months, then that is enough to establish a time change.  I disagree.  It's the old adage of show don't tell.  Stop telling us the time changed and show us how the time has changed with more shots whether they are night time or just shots of Catelyn and Rodrick travelling to Kings Landing on a boat.  
It's still a great tv show and the performances are amazing especially Sean Bean, but I wish it was more epic.   The second episode was the best one and last nights was the weakest.  There was too much talking and not enough doing, and there's nothing wrong with that as I, Claudius was the same way and that's the best miniseries of all time.  It certainly is a budget problem in my eyes -- they don't have enough money to put more cgi in, so hopefully they get a larger budget for next season.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 09 May 2011 - 12:31 PM.
662	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-09	I don't think so.  I think the haughty squire of the Vale was set up by Littlefinger.  LF clearly knows who he is - he tells Ned.  LF inspired the note to Catelyn.  In the books, Cersei doesn't seem to have given two thoughts to Ser Hugh, if she even knew who he was.  But LF is trying to sow enmity between Direwolf and Lion and a whisper in Gregor's ear (or perhaps his navel, LF can't really reach Gregor's ear) that killing Ser Hugh would be a service to the Lannisters probably would have been enough.  Gregor did it on purpose, but I don't get the sense that the Lannister twins ordered it.  That leaves LF as the most likely source.  Joffrey is another candidate, but he doesn't seem THAT clued in.Did the Lannisters ever actually show any fear of Jon Arryn and what he might discover, though? In the books, you assume someone killed him for what he knew - either Varys (trying to stave off the civil war until Viserys can invade) or Cersei (protecting secrets). Of course, we later discover it was Lysa who iced her own husband because he was going to dare to send her sick son off to be fostered.Ser Hugh always struck me as a red herring for Ned. Even if he talked to him it wouldn't have helped. But his death at the hands of a Lannister bannerman points to the Lannisters just because it happened. I always figured it's just because Gregor's cruel though, saw the opportunity to kill some dumb kid and did it.
663	Mad Queen	2011-05-09	On pedantry, I second whoever praised the family resemblances: the Tully, Baratheon and Lannister colouring is all spot-on so far. Kudos, HBO.Sam Tarly should have been blond, but other than that I agree.
664	Blue Steel	2011-05-09	Cogman kind of dropped the ball.  Instead of having Viserys talk about dragons for so long (should have trimmed that scene that), he should have had Sansa's talk with Sandor, which would illustrate her obsession with knights and romance and how Sandor hates knights instead of Littlefinger telling her the story. I went and reread that scene and the Hound's description of what happened was horrorfying and I really think it would have made a stronger scene.
665	Brewmaster	2011-05-09	Cogman kind of dropped the ball.  Instead of having Viserys talk about dragons for so long (should have trimmed that scene that), he should have had Sansa's talk with Sandor, which would illustrate her obsession with knights and romance and how Sandor hates knights instead of Littlefinger telling her the story. I went and reread that scene and the Hound's description of what happened was horrorfying and I really think it would have made a stronger scene.Sansa's talk with Sandor can't replace anything in episode #4, because the tournament isn't over until episode #5.
666	The Iceman of the North	2011-05-09	Ep. 4: Inside the Episode on hbo.com.The three-eyed raven?!?
667	Blue Steel	2011-05-09	Sansa's talk with Sandor can't replace anything in episode #4, because the tournament isn't over until episode #5.I don't think there is any Sandor/Sansa interaction in Episode 5.  They could have had their talk after an intermission or even added a scene of Sansa asking to be excused after Ser Hugh's death.  The tournament didn't have to be over for them to interact.
668	Mya Stone	2011-05-09	Trusting Littlefinger because he used to love her, never mind the fact that Ned's brother almost killed him for it, is about the stupidest thing Starksbane ever does.And what do you mean about Sansa's betrayal being Ned's fault?Another thing that Starksbane can sort of be blamed for as well is Robb's death and the Red Wedding. If Robb hadn't witnessed her treatment of Jon for all the years Jon was at Winterfell. He may never have married Jeyne, I bet that a lot of the reasoning that went into his decision to marry her was not to risk having a bastard child who would be treated the same way Starksbane treated Jon.I'm pretty positive you've been told to not use your little pet names for characters by a mod before. We get it. You don't like her. Stop trying to be cute and use the name the author gave her. I was told I could come back but only if I stopped talking about the Cobra Kai so much. *Fingers crossed*/love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' /> Glad to see you back, Jaim. In honor of your return. Never stop referencing the Kai.
669	End of Disc One	2011-05-09	Sam Tarly should have been blond, but other than that I agree.Samwell has dark hair in the books.  This is an accurate depiction: http://3.bp.blogspot...mwell Tarly.jpg
670	legba11	2011-05-09	When do we find out Lyssa killed Jon Arryn?  How did I forget this?
671	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-09	Otherwise, there were some limitations, absolutely.  I thought the tourney would be one of the scenes that could not possibly live up to the book...and I guess I called it.I can understand why some people felt a bit underwhelmed visually by the tournament sequence. In the book, GRRM does a good job of visualizing the grandeur and spectacle of such a big event: Thousands of spectators, hundreds of knights, and several games (melee, jousting, archery) lasting two days. But on the other hand, it doesn't surprise me and I don't really feel disappointed by the scale of the tournament, because the budget is relatively limited (not compared to other TV series, but when compared to a big budget feature film), and they need to spend the money wisely over 10 episodes. They could have used CG and increased the scale of the jousting event (by adding more people, bigger sets, etc.), but they probably decided that it would be too costly. Perhaps they felt it was better to save those money for some of the really big, challenging and important events later in the season.
672	Spionkop	2011-05-09	I enjoyed the episode, I must say when Visery's was listing the dragons I thought we were going to cut to a shot of them, my excitement was rising. 
Correct me If i'm wrong, but so far we've only seen 2 kingsguard there were more weren't there?
673	kungtotte	2011-05-09	Correct me If i'm wrong, but so far we've only seen 2 kingsguard there were more weren't there?There are seven. I can't recall if we've seen more than Jaime and Barristan though.
674	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-09	Another good episode, perhaps not as good as the first three ones, but still, this show impresses me tremendously.Some notes:They finally managed to show Bran's dreams without it looking cheesy. Understated but conveyed the gist of the three-eyed crow.Hodor! But wasn't he way too old?At last Theon Greyjoy gets a name and ID. Even a lot of the Greyjoy rebellion was rather cleverly told through expositions in at least two different scenes.But I'm not sold on Alfie Allen. He comes of as unsympathetic even though at this juncture I remember him rather the opposite in the book. And I thought he was going to look rather handsome. This Theon isn't.I've always been a fan of Samwell, despite his sometimes annoying craven-ness, and this Sam was good. They did a good job of showing his and Jon's friendship, especially in the added scene with them scrubbing tables.This Alliser Thorne isn't a complete a**hole, which does make him a better character than in the book. But in the book all we see is him from Jon's POV. This Thorne I can sympathise with to some degree. He's actually right in not wanting cravens watching your back when you're across the Wall. He still treats the recruits like shit though, and should realise there are other uses for someone like Sam.Yay, a Ghost appearance! About time even if he snarled.I'm on the fence about the added Viserys/Doreah scene. It went on for too long but it was a good way to do some further exposition about dragons. Plus, a nekkid Doreah is never wrong! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />They make a good job about showing how naive Eddard is, even when he's playing detective. He even let the book he borrowed from Grand Master Pycelle show when he talked to Cersei. But I wish Sean Bean could remember to close his mouth when he's not talking.Aidan Gillen is just pitch-perfect as Littlefinger.I also liked the added scene with Jaime and Jory Cassel. Gave some additional info and you could even feel a little for Jaime when he had to guard the king frolicking around.But I really didn't like that they gave the Hound's lines to Littlefinger when he talked to Sansa. Big disappointment here. This was a revealing moment at the beginning of Sandor's and Sansa's, ehum, "relationship". For some reason he told that family secret to this little bird from the north in the book. How would Petyr even know this?I'm liking Sansa more here than in the book. A bit strange because in the book she has POV chapters. But on the show she comes off as more sympathetic; She can't forgive her dad for Lady's death; She worried what it will be like being married to the crown prince and fathering children that might all be daughters. But I do wonder if my judgement isn't clouded by me knowing what's in store for her.And I hope I won't come off as pervy as Littlefinger, but Sophie Turner is really beautiful. She even looks a lot better in this episode than before.Not a lot of Arya in this episode, but Maisie Williams continues to impress me. Nice little scene with her and Ned.The tourney was much too small for something described as huge and expensive. Where were all the spectators?I didn't get a sense of how big the Mountain is. But the 7 ft tall guy playing him was riding a horse (poor animal).Daenerys is rather hypocritical when she constantly lectures about slavery when she's married to someone who's in fact the biggest slave lord in Essos. And her own handmaidens are slaves too.Good final scene at the Inn at the Crossroads. One of Catelyn's biggest bad decisions. I'm sure the war was inevitable, but she speed it up by this reckless action.
675	Gildenlow	2011-05-09	Correct me If i'm wrong, but so far we've only seen 2 kingsguard there were more weren't there?Yeah, only Jaime and Barristan, but preview clips shown in the past indicate that Meryn Trant gets his scene with Syrio, and he is wearing the Kingsguard armor. I suspect the others won't be shown until they're needed, which won't be until ACoK or probably even later for some of them.
676	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	A few minor things: should Hodor be so old that he has gray hair? I pictured him much younger. 
Also, I really just do not like Sansa. I cant tell if it is the actress or the character (I don't like book-Sansa either so maybe I'm just biased). But everytime I hear her say "AR-E-YUH!" I wanna slap her. 
And one final thing, I've never liked the Hound that much but I do no understand the outcry over Littlefinger telling Sansa the Hound's story. Since they sort of reshuffled the seating arrangements around and since Joffrey and Sansa are still fighting, it wouldn't make sense to have the Hound talk to Sansa. And they wanted to get that story out there for viewers to know, its that simple.
677	Spionkop	2011-05-09	Yeah, only Jaime and Barristan, but preview clips shown in the past indicate that Meryn Trant gets his scene with Syrio, and he is wearing the Kingsguard armor. I suspect the others won't be shown until they're needed, which won't be until ACoK or probably even later for some of them.Oh, I'd hoped they be part of the set until needed, that's the best thing in tv when you've wondered who the hell that guy is for weeks and suddenly he speaks up and does something important, it adds depth in my opinion.
678	Darth Vader's Bastard	2011-05-09	I did think the spar of wood in the throat scene went a bit too long - I got it after the third burble of blood coming out that something amiss had happened.Look closely, Sansa and Arya are visible in the shot, just above Ser Hugh. The point was to show viewers the Stark children seeing this terrible thing.
679	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	Yeah, only Jaime and Barristan, but preview clips shown in the past indicate that Meryn Trant gets his scene with Syrio, and he is wearing the Kingsguard armor. I suspect the others won't be shown until they're needed, which won't be until ACoK or probably even later for some of them.The Kingsguard gets a major reshuffle in CoK, and I doubt the series will show that. I think season 2 will just show people like Osmund Kettleblack as already a member, and skip the plots with Boros Blount and Preston Greenfield.
680	howland_reed	2011-05-09	A few minor things: should Hodor be so old that he has gray hair? I pictured him much younger. Also, I really just do not like Sansa. I cant tell if it is the actress or the character (I don't like book-Sansa either so maybe I'm just biased). But everytime I hear her say "AR-E-YUH!" I wanna slap her. And one final thing, I've never liked the Hound that much but I do no understand the outcry over Littlefinger telling Sansa the Hound's story. Since they sort of reshuffled the seating arrangements around and since Joffrey and Sansa are still fighting, it wouldn't make sense to have the Hound talk to Sansa. And they wanted to get that story out there for viewers to know, its that simple.Someone made a good point earlier that not only would it seem weird for the Hound, Joffrey's lackey, to approach Sansa at such a public event, but getting his story out now will add more layers to the Hound/Mountain fight in the next episode.  Non-readers who aren't privy to that backstory would care less otherwise.  It also establishes pretty early Littlefinger and Sansa's dynamic, which we know becomes pretty significant as the books go on.Same goes for the dragon skulls.  Sure, they'll probably just show us the dragon skulls later on when Arya runs across them, but now, the audience can go, "oh! those are the skulls Viserys mentioned earlier," rather than have Arya say some extremely forced dialogue to explain the skulls to the viewer.
681	King_Baratheon	2011-05-09	Nobody seems to be as disappointed as I was with the "Tourney". It was HORRIBLE! One Joust, with thirty spectators?? Maybe next episode we'll get the Melee, but great gods the joust was a joke. The Tourney of the Hand was one of the best parts of GoT...It looked like a cheap renaissance fair. Disgraceful. Other than that this episode was okay, lots of backstory. I really hope season 2 is 12 episodes...
682	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-09	Everything is being established by words and not by images.  When I pointed out that the show needs to establish more time changing shots, someone retorted that since Dany was pregnant fro 2 months, then that is enough to establish a time change.  I disagree.  It's the old adage of show don't tell.  Stop telling us the time changed and show us how the time has changed with more shots whether they are night time or just shots of Catelyn and Rodrick travelling to Kings Landing on a boat.I agree that it would be more involving to depict these events visually instead of describing them verbally. But at the same time I can see why they've chosen to do it this way: It simply costs more to actually shoot a scene or sequence, rather than having a character dramatize the event with words. A big-budget Hollywood-movie would rely more heavily on visualization, and it would've shown scenes from the battle as the character talks about it, and a scene would transition to a flashback as the character starts telling a story. This approach helps to bring life, excitement and visual impact to the story. But with a TV budget and the faster production cycle of a TV series you have to be much more restrictive and selective. More shots would not only be more costly, it would also take longer time.I also think that the scripts tend to be a bit too linear sometimes, although I wouldn't say that this is a big issue for me. I think a slightly non-linear approach can often be more interesting, as long as it doesn't make things too confusing. But this has more to do with the script itself, rather than monetary concerns.Don't get me wrong, though, I really enjoy this show. They've managed to hit the right notes on the casting, and the performances in general are impressive. And given their $60 M budget (for the entire season), I think they've done a very good job overall so far.
683	Greywolf2375	2011-05-09	When do we find out Lyssa killed Jon Arryn?  How did I forget this?I believe it was when Lysa was flipping out at Littlefinger during the stay at the Eyrie - when she is screaming about how devoted she is to him and everything she has done for/with him.
684	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	In the books, the jousting takes place over two days.  Be patient.  I expect much more tournament goodness next week.
The names of the dragons with spellings from the subtitles:  Ghiscarl, Valryon, Vermithrax, Essovius, Archonei, Meraxes, Vhagar, Balerion The Dread.
Harry Lloyd doesn't seem to pronounce an L in Ghiscarl.  Not sure if that is an error in the subtitles or just his accent.
685	Artas	2011-05-09	Why do so many people feel Hodor is too old? If I remember correctly, he's Old Nan's son, and she must be in her eighties or nineties.
686	Eponine	2011-05-09	But I really didn't like that they gave the Hound's lines to Littlefinger when he talked to Sansa. Big disappointment here. This was a revealing moment at the beginning of Sandor's and Sansa's, ehum, "relationship". For some reason he told that family secret to this little bird from the north in the book. How would Petyr even know this?Book Ned mentally lists Sandor's burns as one of many ways that people close to Gregor have been injured or killed - we know that Ned is pretty oblivious and he himself thinks that he doesn't usually listen to rumors, but that there have been nothing but ominous events surrounding Gregor. It's no secret that Sandor left his home and never returned after Gregor inherited it. He doesn't seem to hide that he hates his brother. No doubt the story would have spread somewhat via the knights, healers and servants who were part of the Clegane household at the time, so that someone actively interested in other people's business like Littlefinger could easily have gotten the story. *********I think that Catelyn's capture of Tyrion was idiotic without thinking that she's a stupid character responsible for everything wrong with the Starks. I noticed that Jon does think she's responsible though /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> When Mormont tells him that Catelyn took Tyrion hostage, he thinks "if Lord Eddard was killed, she would be as much to blame as the queen". The real stupidity in it was deciding that immediate justice for Bran was worth the risk of bringing down war on the entire kingdom, especially while her own husband was in a precarious situation surrounded by enemies who she believed had had no qualms about killing the previous Hand. She already knew that the Lannisters had a disproportionate amount of power at court, and she would have learned from Ned how Lady had been killed and what it revealed about the characters of Cersei and Robert. When the best situation is that Tyrion would confess before witnesses in a way that even his father couldn't deny, which depended on the knights at the inn backing her, surviving the high road, getting Lysa to agree on the hostage and trial procedure, and probably having him brought back to King's Landing for judgment without incident, and the worst situation would be that the entire kingdom would be ripped apart - that's a decision made on stupid emotion rather than good analysis.
687	Ran	2011-05-09	Hodor is her great-grandson. Definitely not her son.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 09 May 2011 - 02:17 PM.
688	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-09	Why do so many people feel Hodor is too old? If I remember correctly, he's Old Nan's son, and she must be in her eighties or nineties.according to our wiki, he's her grandson.
689	Jaime L	2011-05-09	/love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' /> Glad to see you back, Jaim. In honor of your return. Never stop referencing the Kai.Always happy to see Eliza show up in a thread.And you can't tell me that song wouldn't be great interlaced with knights clashing, Joffrey smirking and Tywin appearing for some reason to wipe dust from Jaime's eye before telling him to sweep the horse.
690	Greywolf2375	2011-05-09	Look closely, Sansa and Arya are visible in the shot, just above Ser Hugh. The point was to show viewers the Stark children seeing this terrible thing.They aren't visible when we see him on the ground - it is a cut each time to his body and then to the nobility, the background when he is on the ground of the opposite side.  I get why they did it, we see Sansa's horrified reaction and Arya's slightly intrigued reaction - it was about the time spent specifically showing it.
691	Artas	2011-05-09	Hodor is her great-grandson. Definitely not her son.Ah, my bad then. Carry on.
692	banditry	2011-05-09	I greatly enjoyed the episode, but I have to agree with those who have mentioned the tourney - - what a huge disappointment!  I realize that we are likely to get more jousting in the next episode, but that's not the issue. It's the scale.  Looks tired and dinky.  This is supposed to be a huge event.  They couldn't gather a crowd together for a couple days to shoot these scenes?
693	So1ar	2011-05-09	Most non-readers that I've read reviews from or people I know are much more interested in the dragons eggs than the reader would have been. Getting the dragon back-story out of the way makes sense to me.agreed. not to mention it sets up arya running into the room with the dragon skulls. if viserys didn't mention the dragon skulls earlier people would think "wtf are these? giant alligator heads?"
694	PhoenixFlame	2011-05-09	Wait, can someone confirm -- they ARE going to have the rest of the tournament, right? They didn't cut the footage we've seen of the Hound and the Mountain going at it?
As much as I hate giving up Sandor and Sansa's first proper conversation, it will set it up nicely for when the Hound goes into whoopass mode. 
Oh, random moment I liked:
Robert: "Get on with it before I piss myself!"
Cersei: *annoyed eyeroll*
695	DurararaFTW	2011-05-09	"The real stupidity in it was deciding that immediate justice for Bran was worth the risk of bringing down war on the entire kingdom,"
She wasn't taking him for justice, she was taking him for interrogation. About Jon Arryn's death and whatever evil plot Bran had overheard that made it neccesary to kill him. 
And she didn't want to do this. She felt she had too because Tyrion had already identified her. If he was involved in Jon Arryn's death and the attack on Bran, and she didn't take him into custody, she'd probably dead the next day. She was coming back to King's Landing bearing who knows what kind of information back to the Stark's powerbase. Tyrion wouldn't have let her go just like that.
696	shadow of death	2011-05-09	It was a great episode.  I cant wait to hear the peoples reaction at the end of the season.
Most people I know that have not read the books are like, "I can't wait for Eddard to start kicking some ass."  It's going to be a shocker!
697	Grogsmash	2011-05-09	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=fvHWQcBE8vc
Video review by OtakuASSEMBLE, hilarious as always. He is cheering at the end that Tyrion gets captured for trying to kill Bran. I love how since we don't see Tyrion's POV, that seems to be all the non-readers conclusions. He also talks early on about how Littlefinger is going to be Ned's most important ally. Man is he in for a shock.
698	Jojen	2011-05-09	Don't know if I'm the first to mention this (I haven't read every page of this thread), but was the crow down in the catacombs? So instead of flying, it's "telling" Bran 
	Spoiler to hide? Hmm, foreshadow much?
699	ExLibris	2011-05-09	Don't know if I'm the first to mention this (I haven't read every page of this thread), but was the crow down in the catacombs? So instead of flying, it's "telling" Bran 
	Spoiler to hide? Hmm, foreshadow much?
I don't think he was in the crypts, but I suppose its possible he may have been leading him towards the entrance?Either way, I think they did a pretty good job of introducing the three-eyed crow subtly and without looking silly.
700	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	"The real stupidity in it was deciding that immediate justice for Bran was worth the risk of bringing down war on the entire kingdom,"She wasn't taking him for justice, she was taking him for interrogation. About Jon Arryn's death and whatever evil plot Bran had overheard that made it neccesary to kill him. And she didn't want to do this. She felt she had too because Tyrion had already identified her. If he was involved in Jon Arryn's death and the attack on Bran, and she didn't take him into custody, she'd probably dead the next day. She was coming back to King's Landing bearing who knows what kind of information back to the Stark's powerbase. Tyrion wouldn't have let her go just like that.Some Lannisters tossed her kid out a window and another Lannister sent a hired good after her son with a knife.  It was the right call.  The only call a mother worth her weight in salt could make.
701	DurararaFTW	2011-05-09	"Compared to Catelyn, Cersei is Augustus Caesar."
Seriously?
I'm sorry, I can't understand how people think the war is mostly Catelyn's fault.
Catelyn arrests Tyrion in the hopes of discovering more about going on. Then instead of demanding his release, or telling the King to demand his release or hell, telling the king to have tyrion tried here instead Tywin has Gregor and his men go incognito and burn some land. This is there response.
And they didn't want war. The last thing they wanted was war. But it was just worth it.
Catelyn: I'm in a rough spot here, I gotta make a gamble. I know I'm risking war here but I'm taking Tyrion Lannister prisoner in hopes of discovering more of this evil plot.
Tywin: Okay, I don't want things to go to war. I know Tyrion can probably be released peacefully.... But I just think that punishing the Riverlands for putting Catelyn Tully on this planet is worth the risk. I weighted the pros and the cons and this is what I arrived at.
702	Prince of Dinas Emrys	2011-05-09	I enjoyed it immensely. I'm riveted to the screen and hanging on every syllable, every image as it unfolds. Each episode is redolent with exposition and minute details that demand repeat viewings (one of these being Ghost's appearance in Ep.2 at the camp when the "rapers" arrive, effectively silencing complaints that "Ghost hasn't been seen before now!" -- well, yes he has).
The weak links for me were the Small Council scene, which was boring (if necessary) and the Viserys-and-Doreah-in-the-bath scene, which was boring (if expository). I'm also unhappy with Renly's casting, or rather with his physical description, which does not match the character as described in the novels. 
Other than those minor gripes, I'm happy with the changes -- which I tend to regard as necessary for the adaptation; and I'm extremely pleased with the otherwise very accurate dramatizations of scenes and characters from the book. All in all it's probably the best TV show I've ever had the pleasure of watching.
703	Brewmaster	2011-05-09	She wasn't taking him for justice, she was taking him for interrogation. About Jon Arryn's death and whatever evil plot Bran had overheard that made it neccesary to kill him. No, she was taking him for justice. Your second point about her thinking that Tyrion might have her killed is valid, but she was taking him for justice(and she says so), not interrogation. Tyrion spread a seed of doubt in her mind on the way to the Eyrie, when he says that he wouldn't bet against Jaime, and it seems likely that she ultimately wouldn't have just killed him, nor run the farce of a trial that Lysa did. However, at the time that she abducted him, it was with the assumption that he was guilty and for justice.
					
					
							Edited by Brewmaster, 09 May 2011 - 03:59 PM.
704	Darth Vader's Bastard	2011-05-09	Jaime has always been the total package he is in book 3, YOU don't find out about his thoughts and private conversations, but he obviously didn't change his opinion on why he killed Aerys or how people would react or how he felt about Cersei and Tyrion and the Kingsguard.   The only change Jaime goes through is realizing that Cersei doesn't actually love him the way he loves her. And that he comes to respect Brienne. And you know what? If he had to push an 7 year old out a window to save Brienne, he would. I have to disagree. Book 1 Jaime is not Book 3 Jaime. I feel that the loss of his hand genuinely changes his personality.
705	iheartseverus	2011-05-09	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvHWQcBE8vcVideo review by OtakuASSEMBLE, hilarious as always. He is cheering at the end that Tyrion gets captured for trying to kill Bran. I love how since we don't see Tyrion's POV, that seems to be all the non-readers conclusions. He also talks early on about how Littlefinger is going to be Ned's most important ally. Man is he in for a shock.He is hilarious, I agree.  I had to laugh out loud a couple of times, he gets SO into the characters.  He went off on Sansa--"I hate her, I just fucking hate Sansa, I HATE her!"  Then, says "Sorry, that was probably a bit harsh.  (long pause)  I just fucking hate her."   /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> He's also pretty perceptive--thinks Littlefinger is really out to help Ned, but kept saying 'I don't know, I don't know' and then says in effect 'I'd just have to keep my eye on that guy.'  I love this guy's reviews--a nice little dessert treat after each episode.
706	Kalbear	2011-05-09	I have to disagree. Book 1 Jaime is not Book 3 Jaime. I feel that the loss of his hand genuinely changes his personality.And he loses his hand...when?
707	Alexia	2011-05-09	I really enjoyed the episode.  My heart softened slightly towards Sam - I still don't care much for the character but I do like the way the actor is portraying him.  That being sad, my sympathy was definitely with Thorne during his speech after he realized that they were protecting Sam.
For Sansa, during this period in the books she and Joffrey still weren't speaking.  He was still angry with her, and finally decided to talk to her again after Loras gave her the rose out of a strange and perverse sense of possessiveness (IMO).  So its true to the books, and I like the way the way the character has been adapted.  Her conversation with Septa Mordane about Joffrey and potential children was a pretty nice addition.  Count me in the group that is disappointed that LF took Sandor's lines but I'm reserving a final opinion until I see how they handle that relationship.  
Viserys is by now my favorite character in the adaptation.  I loved the expression on his face when Daenerys threatened to have his hands cut off.  He's got this great mix of utterly pathetic and completely loony going on.  I liked the scene with Doreah too.
Once again, I loved the scene where Catelyn arrested Tyrion.  My head hurts from one Catelyn-debate too many, but I will say that Dinklage did a great face and I cheered for her (as I did in the books).  And at the least, it is the match that lights up a great story.
There's very little I didn't like about this episode - it may be my favorite to date.  And since I didn't comment in last week's thread (didn't get to see the episode until Friday) I'll add that I love Robert.  He and Viserys are the two characters I really disliked in the books but they just light up the screen.  Watching him bully Jaime and poor Lancel was hilarious.  I'll miss both those characters next season.
708	Ran	2011-05-09	Catelyn tried to hide from him, both in the book and the show. They try to be inconspicuous. Why? Because neither of them wants to seize Tyrion... but neither of them want him to know he was there, that they were on their way back from King's Landing, that Catelyn's hands are crippled by knife wounds. Because, in the worst case scenario in which Tyrion really did try to kill Bran? He's going to take that info, run to King's Landing, tell the other Lannisters that the attempt to kill Bran probably didn't go off cleanly (probably, in fact, failed) and that the Starks Know Something Is Up, and Ned Stark may be waiting to spring the assassin's confession or some other proof at any moment, so they need to move now before Stark knows what hit him.Abandoning her family? BS. They have guards, servants, a maester, and high thick walls up in Winterfell. It's Ned and the girls that needed her most, who didn't know just how dangerous their situation might be. Both in going to King's Landing, and in seizing Tyrion, Catelyn was doing nothing but thinking about how to best serve her family.
709	legba11	2011-05-09	Second watch thoughts:
There are a decent number of people at the tourney.  The side opposite the nobles has people 5+ deep the entire length of the list. Thats hundreds of spectators.  It's not the Collesium, but still an event.  Considering budgetary constraints of television, I think it was fine.
Hodor is not that old.  He has gray hair, but his face does not look that old.  He should be between 30ish-50ish being Old Nan's grandson.
Since Catelyn hate is apparently a sore spot here, (Guess that comes from book discussion or something), let me balance it with a Ned rant.  The spies scene with Peter is great and given proper status as it is a critical one.  This is Peter telling Ned he has no hope of surviving here, he is practically begging him to leave and go home.  (His motives could be altruistic here, but more likely he thinks by poking Ned this way he will get his stubborn honor buzzing as he discovers what Peter knows he is about to)  After what he sees this episode, he knows he is in completely over his head.  Even Cersei backs him down on direct confrontation.  His failure to respond quickly and properly is worse to me on film than it was in reading.
I love this Jaime.  Every episode since 1, you have seen him trying to be a good guy and yet he can't stop being an arrogant prick and ruining whatever he positive he was trying to do.  We see he has no interest in the Game (refusing to take a message from Ned to Robert, which he could read first), he just wants to be on the battlefield.  He is as miserable as Robert for similar reasons.  They both blame each other (partly).
Tyrion also suffers from the Lannister wall of arrogance.  He assumes Robb's shoddy treatment of him is due to being a Lannister, Dwarf or simply that Robb is a crude boy lord (like Joffery).  He has no idea what Robb "knows".  He is clever, he knows they are hiding Catelyn's absence, but no idea why.  When he finds Catelyn, he is plotting how to use this to his advantage, too self-absorbed to see how much trouble he is in (until too late).
710	NW Deserter	2011-05-09	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvHWQcBE8vcVideo review by OtakuASSEMBLE, hilarious as always. He is cheering at the end that Tyrion gets captured for trying to kill Bran. I love how since we don't see Tyrion's POV, that seems to be all the non-readers conclusions. He also talks early on about how Littlefinger is going to be Ned's most important ally. Man is he in for a shock.I've been looking forward to this guy's reviews ever since watching his review of the pilot. He's extremely hilarious and passionate about the characters. I also thought it was pretty funny hearing him say that LF was the Stark's greatest ally.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
711	Alexia	2011-05-09	Ned, I almost forgot Ned!  Varys' expression when Ned donated a bunch of his own guards to Janos Slynt was priceless.  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  In general, if Ned does anything I look at Varys' face to see his reaction.
712	sennahoj	2011-05-09	I liked the episode very much. I found the bathing scene with Viserys a bit too long though. The whole dragon exposition could have been slightly shorter, especially the name dropping. Viserys does not have to woo this slave girl by telling her about the size of dragon skulls, he could just take her. The Dothraki plotline does not have that much screentime anyway (so far, at least), so why waste it with the jerk in the tub, when you could show more of Vaes Dothrak or the change in the Dany/Viserys relationship.
Tyrion's arrest at the inn was spot on in my opinion and I also liked that they put little details in like the sketch of a saddle for Bran or Gendry's bull helmet. Jon settling into his new family on the Wall and taking care of Sam was also nice to watch. Next week I hope to see more of the tournament and also of Arya out cat-hunting and exploring the Keep.
713	legba11	2011-05-09	[Edited]
Going to lay off the Catelyn as the AntiChrist debate since it seems a sore point
714	Darth Vader's Bastard	2011-05-09	And he loses his hand...when?is this a rhetorical question? the answer is, of course, the beginning of book 3. that's the point his personality does a 180.
715	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-09	There are a decent number of people at the tourney.  The side opposite the nobles has people 5+ deep the entire length of the list. Thats hundreds of spectators.  It's not the Collesium, but still an event.  Considering budgetary constraints of television, I think it was fine.I fully agree. Hodor is not that old.  He has gray hair, but his face does not look that old.  He should be between 30ish-50ish being Old Nan's grandson.His age didn't bother me at all. In my opinion, he appears to be in his late 30s, perhaps early 40s. That doesn't contradict the fact that he's supposed to be Old Nan's grandson (I don't remember how old he was in the books, though).
716	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-09	I really don't get the continued comments about making characters more sympathetic. How did you guys get through 4 books without learning that every narrator in ASOIAF is unreliable?Every well-crafted character should be just like a real person... with motivations and reasoning, however flawed, for doing what they do. Aliser Thorne has ALWAYS been right about Sam, and about the sorry state of the recruits. However, you always read about it tainted through the eyes of Jon and his Stark-ness. We also know that Aliser talks tough, but doesn't actually do anything about it. And sure enough, the show has only shown him directing attacks against Jon, and scolding the recruits, but never actually TEACHING. Jaime has always been the total package he is in book 3, YOU don't find out about his thoughts and private conversations, but he obviously didn't change his opinion on why he killed Aerys or how people would react or how he felt about Cersei and Tyrion and the Kingsguard.   The only change Jaime goes through is realizing that Cersei doesn't actually love him the way he loves her. And that he comes to respect Brienne. And you know what? If he had to push an 7 year old out a window to save Brienne, he would. You can argue that part of the fun/gimmick of the books is the unreliable narrator, and that is lost on the show to a certain extent, and you may be right, but there is NO WAY to film the POVs from the book.I fully agree with this. We don't see the full personalities of a lot of people since we only see them through someone else's eyes.Ser Alliser is an ass (which definitely comes across in the show), but he's an ass that knows that must be done. The Old Bear isn't a fool by any means and he knows what he's done by putting Ser Alliser in his position. The Wall is a hard place, what's beyond far harder. You don't achieve anything by coddling the new recruits. Showing his reasoning for why he's harsh doesn't make him less of an ass, it just makes him a multi-dimensional character instead of a plot point.As for Jaime, I've always felt that his life changing event didn't really alter him as a person, it just made him reevaluate everything again. When he killed Aerys he felt like he did the right thing but no one agreed and everyone kept seeing him as someone without honor. He was always strong enough to don't need anyone else so when no one wanted to understand him, he just gave them what they wanted. That made him arrogant, selfish and, at times, ruthless. When he is forced to reevaluate his life he realizes that his actions weren't serving him as well as he had thought and he focuses on other things in his character, rather than inventing them.
717	Kalbear	2011-05-09	the answer is, of course, the beginning of book 3. that's the point his personality does a 180.That's incorrect. He loses his hand well into book 3, and his personality doesn't do a 180 at all; he warms to Brienne throughout the tale, for instance. It's interesting how people misremember things.
718	Smiler	2011-05-09	However EP104 showed me, perhaps, the limitations of cramming the series into the unforgiving medium of TV: The Hand's Tourney. I've seen folks in this thread comment in the margins about the disappointment of seeing what seems like 20-30 people in the crowd for this grand tournament that's bankrupting the realm but for me it goes beyond that. Part of RR's motivation for writing the series was his love of and fascination with Heraldry and the vivid grandeur of the high middle ages. I get that the Hand Tourney isn't a major plot point for the series which is why in the millions of decisions the creators had to make in telling the story they could leave this aspect on the cutting room floorm both for the time and expense it would presumably take to flesh it out. But to me it's one of the most vivid and fanciful scenes from the first book and so incredibly important for the flavor it sets to the whole story. Really added so much color and vividness to this world which is so important to me to serve as contrast to the grey and unyielding bleakness of the later books. If all we get is Gregor killing Ser Hugh, I can understand the decision, but will feel like so much is lost in the translation as a result. Granted it might carry over into EP105. We might see Jaime riding in his Golden Armor and the Knight of Flowers giving Sansa a rose, but IMHO, the tourney could've been a major atmospheric event for the entire second half of this episode and really a high water mark for showing us what this series is capable of. Instead we got Robert grumbling about it taking too long to start and a crowd that runs 2 deep.It felt like a not particularly well to do Rennaisance Faire and where the impact could've been deep and lasting it was instead slight and almost obligatory in feel. So I admit, even if the Tourney carries over to EP5 my expectations for the rest of it aren't particularly high. While the final scene of the prior episode foreshadowing the horrors of war by overlaying the sounds of steel during Arya's training with Syrio thought it could've been even more effective here from Ned's perspective watching this fool's game of knights playing at war. Would also be a nice contrast to Sansa's delight with the Chivalry and wonder of it all (which we also didn't really get in what was shone).Anyway, my intent isn't to belabor the point. This was in my view the first misstep in a truly amazing adaption. It just gives me pause with regard to how the series may handle the future battles we all know are on the horizon. I admit, I do want to have it all. The political intrigue and character growth (which the series has excelled at) and the epic feel and the grand visuals to really highlight what is at stake. I understand this may not be possible practically, but it doesn't stop me from desiring it all the same. At this point if it ends up feeling smaller than the books I'll see that as almost inevitable and still be completely appreciative for what they've done. But if it does manage to capture some of that grand feel, if the tourney turns out to not be emblematic of what the series is capable, that will be absolute gravy.I had the exact same thoughts after viewing.  I'll see how it goes next week, but I'm not overly confident it will pay off.  With the handling of the tournament so far, I'm concerned the Greenfork battle is going to look like a skirmish between 10-20 people. The acting is great in this series, which in a character driven series is the most important part.  I think most of the dialogue/plot choices so far have made perfect sense and have not deviated from the books in any significant way.  My biggest complaints are:Kings Landing set - Kings Landing doesn't feel like the sprawling Kings Landing to me. It's too clean, too small.  The interiors look way too much like a set, especially with lighting behind the stainglass windows, etc.  The Wall and Winterfell look great to me though.Not gritty enough - There's something about the lighting that has a cheap, made for TV quality.  Again, I think the North looks good, but Kings Landing and the Dothraki look too clean and the lighting is too bright.  The Dothraki people look way too clean and I don't think they portray the savageness that they do in the books.  The exras in Kings Landing look way too neat and clean as well.  I can remember an interview where George said he wanted to write medieval the way it should be, with dirty rushes, dogs scrambling for scraps on the floor, etc.Costuming/Heraldry - The costumes look good for the most part, but I think they missed an opportunity to show another thing that really sets this series apart.  Everyone is too gray/brown, the series needs more color. If I didn't read the books, I don't think I could tell you the difference between the Kingsguard and the City Watch, or the difference between any of the people in the inn.  When Cat was rattling off her list in the inn, I laughed when she kept saying things like "I recognize your sigul as well", because I couldn't see anyone wearing any sigul.  I think they purposely toned down the costumes and heraldry that Martin describes but I think it was a poor choice.  Martin's descriptions are almost comic bookish, but I mean that in a good way.  It also would help viewers keep track of who is in who's house.  I want to see Jaime's golden armor, I want to see Renly's sparkling green armor and golden antlers, I want the loathing to overtake me when I see the twin towers of the Freys on some random soldier, I want to see the bat of Harrenhall, I want to see each moon on ser Hugh's cloak turn from white to red...Lack of extras - Small crowd at the tourney so far, and the Dothraki horde looks more like what Dany was left with after Drogo's death.  The cities don't feel like there are a lot of people living there. End of Critique.I'm curious to see how non-readers are viewing the pacing, both from action and plot. Are there enough answers?  Are there even enough questions (is the Jon Arryn mystery and the Bran mystery enough of a hook)? Seems like a ton of exposition (telling, not showing).  Are we moving forward in plot quickly enough?  As with the book, I think the series should really start to take off with the abduction of Tyrion.  My wife is a non-reader but she's staying somewhat interested, but I don't get the feeling she is amazed yet.  I keep telling her that in about 2 more episodes, things really start spiraling out of control.  I wonder if all the other non-readers will stay interested long enough for that to happen.
719	The Iceman of the North	2011-05-09	On a rewatch, I did notice that Bronn remained seated at the end of the episode when Tyrion got arrested. Given that he'd already received Lannister gold at this point, this begs the question, why was he allowed to join the posse Cat forms to bring the imp "north".
720	Brewmaster	2011-05-09	I wouldn't say that Jaime doesn't change at all, but its hardly a 180 degree turn.
Once we get in his head, he becomes more sympathetic, even before he loses his hand, or comes to like Brienne. He insults her and laughs at her at one point when he's still in chains, but then her being so outside of what society accepts makes him think of Tyrion, and he feels bad about it and sincerely apologizes to her. However, Brienne basically throws his apology back in his face as being worthless since he's an oathbreaker, so he goes right back to being a dick to her.
That exchange is Jaime, pre-hand-chop, in a nutshell and pretty close to how he's being portrayed on TV, IMO. He has moments of trying to connect, or be a little nice, but he knows how others think of him so he plays the part they expect him to.
721	theMountainGoat	2011-05-09	I have not read the topic as I usually do before commenting so much of this may well have been said before but I wanted to come in and give my thoughts anyway.
This episode was absolute perfection apart from three points. In ascending order of irritation:
1. The arrangement of the Inn scene with Catelyn and Roderick sat about two foot from where Tyrion was standing totally failed for me. Having them far away and making it only because of the singer shouting across to Lord Lannister that he sees them would have been so much better. They had no chance of avoiding being seen, stupid of them to even try. A minor nitpick I know.
2. Changing the 3 on 1 Jon fight scene so that it is Rast, Grenn and Pyp verses Jon. This one really annoyed me because it would have actually been simpler, easier and quicker to do this as written because there is no actual fight. Having Grenn and Pyp stand up beside Jon to make it a 3 on 3 fight shows us that Jon can make friends and gives Grenn and Pyp a chance to shine. Instead we get another "Jon can kick some serious ass" scene which we've already seen enough of.
3. Having Littlefinger relate the Hound's story to Sansa. "Not many people know this story" - yeah you fucking don't for starters! Removing this totally changes the dynamic between Sandor and Sansa in my opinion and given what he does to her at the end of season two that is a pretty big thing. I'm sure there has already been enough wailing from the Sandor fans about this so I won't go on about it any more.
But everything else was just great:
1. Hodor!
2. Theon finally getting an introduction and it was so worth the wait, great exchange between Tyrion and Theon.
3. Jory talking with Jaime, brilliant scene, might be my favourite moment of this episode.
4. Dany hitting her brother and the scene with Viserys in the bathtub had some great exposition well delivered too.
5. The Hand's tourney, Ser Hugh's death was extremely well done - although I do hope part two of the Tourney will be next week but I somehow doubt it. MIA: Loras Tyrell, oh and Beric Dondarrion too.
6. If Ghost had not made an appearance to scare Rast I might have thrown something through my TV screen, so glad to see that white beast finally on screen - though I would imagine a lot of TV viewers are wondering how the hell he got there.
7. The scene with Alliser Thorne talking about his experiences north of the Wall was great, but I so don't like him being anything other than a caricature of a petty evil sadistic trainer to our heroes. How dare he have human motivations and experiences to make you think he just wants what's best for the Night's Watch after all.
8. I think Ros may have got more mentions this episode than anyone else!
722	El Duderino	2011-05-09	all this questioning ab the rest of the tourney is funny, did no one watch any of the countless season previews that showed dozens of shots of Loras and the Hound vs Mountain?
723	Mad Queen	2011-05-09	When Ned is in the Council Room, there is an empty seat right at the center with the crowned stag on it. Is it Stannis's or Robert's? Because Robert should have a seat, shouldn't he? And if it's that one, where is Stannis's? I hope they haven't cut Stannis out completely. That would be awful.
724	Fiddler	2011-05-09	Loved this episode.  
I really liked the tyrion bits.  He continues to impress me with every scene.
Also, I think I'm in love with the actress playing Dany.  She is so beautiful that I can't stop watching her in her scenes.
Mountain was suitably imposing.
One other thing that I am sure readers may have picked up and non readers will pick up eventually.  Whenever a character says to Jon Snow "We will talk later" just before leaving Jon behind, means they will never be seen by Jon again,, /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
725	Commodore	2011-05-09	heh
726	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	Second watch thoughts:There are a decent number of people at the tourney.  The side opposite the nobles has people 5+ deep the entire length of the list. Thats hundreds of spectators.  It's not the Collesium, but still an event.  Considering budgetary constraints of television, I think it was fine.I noticed the same thing.  I'd guess that they had 300-400 extras on the 'off-side' of the list and 100 people on the nobles side, between the royal pavilion, the nobles' benches and those milling about the ends.  A big budget expenditure.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 09 May 2011 - 05:38 PM.
727	Prince of Dinas Emrys	2011-05-09	Smiler, I find those all very reasonable, and well-reasoned, critiques. Most of the answers are rooted, I suspect, in two unavoidable aspects of this production: 1) budget and 2) HBO's desire to present the show as adult, as opposed to adolescent, fare.Budget accounts for the lack of extras, the inaccuracy of the costuming and the claustrophobic/"studio set" feel of King's Landing. Costumes, for example, are pricey, and the designer appears to be using stock materials that are more readily available than the specialized finery depicted in the novels.I predict that a few years from now, some computer graphics whiz-kid will be hired by HBO to enhance the whole series with CGI additions, in order to make a very special GoT Special Edition -- with expanded crowds, accurate heraldry and sigils, and more spacious city- and castle-scapes. In the meantime, we'll have to use our own imaginations to flesh out those aspects into the truly awesome (and incredibly expensive) scope described in the books. For non-readers this stuff doesn't matter one iota, and we readers already have it imagined just so in our heads, so I for one have no problem continuing to simply imagine an overlay of correct costuming, set design, and massive crowds over the otherwise excellent imagery the show is presenting to us.#2 accounts for the lack of brilliant color. I think that decision is a misstep, personally, since the gorgeous hues Martin describes are so indelibly a part of his sub-creation. But I can understand what I take to be the producers' thinking, which is that the more flashy the colors, the greater the perception -- however erroneous -- that this is some kind of kids' show.As far as the lack of grit, dirt and general filth, I have no excuses to put forward, and no idea why the producers are not reveling in this chance to show us a truly mucky Westeros and Essos. Sure we see them all taking any number of baths, which appears to account for the general cleanliness, but this does not explain why the Dothraki are so shiny and scrubbed on the path from Pentos through the Dothraki Sea.  Excuses and explanations aside, you make some fair observations which give even this dyed-in-the-wool fan pause to consider the producers' errors so far.I had the exact same thoughts after viewing.  I'll see how it goes next week, but I'm not overly confident it will pay off.  With the handling of the tournament so far, I'm concerned the Greenfork battle is going to look like a skirmish between 10-20 people. The acting is great in this series, which in a character driven series is the most important part.  I think most of the dialogue/plot choices so far have made perfect sense and have not deviated from the books in any significant way.  My biggest complaints are:Kings Landing set - Kings Landing doesn't feel like the sprawling Kings Landing to me. It's too clean, too small.  The interiors look way too much like a set, especially with lighting behind the stainglass windows, etc.  The Wall and Winterfell look great to me though.Not gritty enough - There's something about the lighting that has a cheap, made for TV quality.  Again, I think the North looks good, but Kings Landing and the Dothraki look too clean and the lighting is too bright.  The Dothraki people look way too clean and I don't think they portray the savageness that they do in the books.  The exras in Kings Landing look way too neat and clean as well.  I can remember an interview where George said he wanted to write medieval the way it should be, with dirty rushes, dogs scrambling for scraps on the floor, etc.Costuming/Heraldry - The costumes look good for the most part, but I think they missed an opportunity to show another thing that really sets this series apart.  Everyone is too gray/brown, the series needs more color. If I didn't read the books, I don't think I could tell you the difference between the Kingsguard and the City Watch, or the difference between any of the people in the inn.  When Cat was rattling off her list in the inn, I laughed when she kept saying things like "I recognize your sigul as well", because I couldn't see anyone wearing any sigul.  I think they purposely toned down the costumes and heraldry that Martin describes but I think it was a poor choice.  Martin's descriptions are almost comic bookish, but I mean that in a good way.  It also would help viewers keep track of who is in who's house.  I want to see Jaime's golden armor, I want to see Renly's sparkling green armor and golden antlers, I want the loathing to overtake me when I see the twin towers of the Freys on some random soldier, I want to see the bat of Harrenhall, I want to see each moon on ser Hugh's cloak turn from white to red...Lack of extras - Small crowd at the tourney so far, and the Dothraki horde looks more like what Dany was left with after Drogo's death.  The cities don't feel like there are a lot of people living there. End of Critique.I'm curious to see how non-readers are viewing the pacing, both from action and plot. Are there enough answers?  Are there even enough questions (is the Jon Arryn mystery and the Bran mystery enough of a hook)? Seems like a ton of exposition (telling, not showing).  Are we moving forward in plot quickly enough?  As with the book, I think the series should really start to take off with the abduction of Tyrion.  My wife is a non-reader but she's staying somewhat interested, but I don't get the feeling she is amazed yet.  I keep telling her that in about 2 more episodes, things really start spiraling out of control.  I wonder if all the other non-readers will stay interested long enough for that to happen.
728	Ran	2011-05-09	One detail about extras -- IIRC, the production has noted that the tourney sequence had the greatest number of extras and crew involved of any other scene they did in the show.
729	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-09	A lot of the fighting in the Riverlands in future seasons relies on people recognising each other's banners. Getting us used to the house sigils from early on will make that much easier to follow. Maybe for now they're still trying to establish the major houses: the direwolf, lion, stag, dragon and kraken. Renly wears a brooch shaped like a stag's head; I approved, but it was rather understated.heh/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
730	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-09	I had the exact same thoughts after viewing.  I'll see how it goes next week, but I'm not overly confident it will pay off.  With the handling of the tournament so far, I'm concerned the Greenfork battle is going to look like a skirmish between 10-20 people.Even if it's certainly not huge the tournament isn't nearly as bad as the person you quoted said though. Just in the quick shot with Gregor riding onto the field there's more than 70 people visible, which means there's a lot more people in total than the 20-30 the other poster claimed.
731	Commodore	2011-05-09	In the books the Mountain is larger than life, here you barely get a sense of how big he is.
All they had to do was show him walking past Arya on his way to the joust or something, to emphasize how big he is.
732	undertow	2011-05-09	hehThat's hilarious
733	johnny	2011-05-09	Too much exposition, too much backstory,  not enough character develoment and moving the plot forward.
734	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-09	When Ned is in the Council Room, there is an empty seat right at the center with the crowned stag on it. Is it Stannis's or Robert's? Because Robert should have a seat, shouldn't he? And if it's that one, where is Stannis's? I hope they haven't cut Stannis out completely. That would be awful.It's Robert's chair, the king and the hand sits in the middle. Stannis' chair will have to be seen as just removed but there's no chance at all of Stannis being cut as a character. He's immensely important to the story, although he's only talked about a bit in the first book and it's not important to make it clear that he's on the council.
735	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	Too much exposition, too much backstory,  not enough character develoment and moving the plot forward.The plot moved forward exactly as far as it moved in the six or seven chapters that were adapted into it.  The major character developments from those chapters were included in the episode.
736	denstorebog	2011-05-09	Worst line in the show so far:"The next time you raise a hand to me..."(don't say "will be the last time you have hands", don't say "will be the last time you have hands")"... will be the last time you have hands!"(At least they could have gone with "will be that last time you have a hand to raise", or something.)Regarding the tournament, it probably wasn't the number of extras, it was how it was filmed. IMO, they should have gone with portraying it from Sansa's POV (not literally, of course). More from down in the crowd, more chaos, more wonder. It felt way too static, cutting from frontal shots of characters posing on the benches to static shots of the field. Only in the 15 seconds when the jousting was on did the camera come to life, but Sansa's sense of enchantment should have started the moment she stepped onto the location, and so should the filming and editing of it.
737	aeu	2011-05-09	"Find anything?""Robert's bastard son."That scene left me a bit cold. Was there enough information / hints in there for Ned to reach that conclusion? They were in a tight spot, Gendry is supposed to strongly resemble a young Robert, which is pretty much impossible to show on screen, but maybe they could have established the fact some other way? Maybe Ned pressuring Varys about the mysterious boy or LF suggesting it, as he gives away Gendry's existence in the first place? Maybe some more information from Gendry about his mother which makes Ned remember the woman (though I don't know if that works with the timeline - Gendry may be too young for Ned to know the mother). As it stands, the realization pretty much came out from nowhere.
738	Mya Stone	2011-05-09	That scene left me a bit cold. Was there enough information / hints in there for Ned to reach that conclusion? They were in a tight spot, Gendry is supposed to strongly resemble a young Robert, which is pretty much impossible to show on screen, but maybe they could have established the fact some other way? Maybe Ned pressuring Varys about the mysterious boy or LF suggesting it, as he gives away Gendry's existence in the first place? Maybe some more information from Gendry about his mother which makes Ned remember the woman (though I don't know if that works with the timeline - Gendry may be too young for Ned to know the mother). As it stands, the realization pretty much came out from nowhere.I understand what you're saying, Em, but in the books it comes across the same way. Ned's internal monologue says something like, "Oh yes, I see it now..." and then goes on to state that with the dark hair, and blue eyes (or green? I think blue), and chiseled arms, Gendry was like a young Robert from their days in the Eyrie. I don't know how else they could have done that scene, honestly.
739	Prince of Dinas Emrys	2011-05-09	I was so enamored that we were finally getting a jousting sequence that I didn't notice the static camerawork or the putative lack of wonder or awe. On our repeat viewing (Tuesday night) I'll keep out a more critical eye.
As to the Gendry scene, I thought it played perfectly. I got a chill when the camera pushed in on the boy's face before the reverse angle showed us the light of realization dawning on Ned's face.
740	iheartseverus	2011-05-09	I understand what you're saying, Em, but in the books it comes across the same way. Ned's internal monologue says something like, "Oh yes, I see it now..." and then goes on to state that with the dark hair, and blue eyes (or green? I think blue), and chiseled arms, Gendry was like a young Robert from their days in the Eyrie. I don't know how else they could have done that scene, honestly.Perhaps Ned could have stared at Gendry as he did, then mumbled to himself in wonderment, something like "...the exact young man that he was, all those years ago..."
741	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	I thought it worked strong enough the way it was.  Ned looked at Gendry's face and saw Robert in it.  Then told Jory ten seconds later.
742	Huan	2011-05-09	In the books the Mountain is larger than life, here you barely get a sense of how big he is.All they had to do was show him walking past Arya on his way to the joust or something, to emphasize how big he is.I thought he looked pretty huge next to Ser Hugh when they were side by side in front of the king. Ser Hugh towered over Jory in the earlier scene.
743	Triskan	2011-05-09	I thought it worked strong enough the way it was.  Ned looked at Gendry's face and saw Robert in it.  Then told Jory ten seconds later.That, and he'd already been looking into lineages in that book which was another hint for a viewer.
744	End of Disc One	2011-05-09	I thought Gendry looked a lot like Robert, and I like the way they handled the realization.
745	Mazikeen	2011-05-09	Costuming/Heraldry - The costumes look good for the most part, but I think they missed an opportunity to show another thing that really sets this series apart.  Everyone is too gray/brown, the series needs more color. If I didn't read the books, I don't think I could tell you the difference between the Kingsguard and the City Watch, or the difference between any of the people in the inn.  When Cat was rattling off her list in the inn, I laughed when she kept saying things like "I recognize your sigul as well", because I couldn't see anyone wearing any sigul.  I think they purposely toned down the costumes and heraldry that Martin describes but I think it was a poor choice.  Martin's descriptions are almost comic bookish, but I mean that in a good way.  It also would help viewers keep track of who is in who's house.  I want to see Jaime's golden armor, I want to see Renly's sparkling green armor and golden antlers, I want the loathing to overtake me when I see the twin towers of the Freys on some random soldier, I want to see the bat of Harrenhall, I want to see each moon on ser Hugh's cloak turn from white to red...Pretty much this.The lack of actual sigils on coats at the inn is one of my few quibbles with this episode. "Is that the bat of Harrenhal I see on your coat?" "No, m'lady, I don't have no bats on me." Oops.The issue of drab colours and more distinctive costumes is something that is bothering me a bit about the series. I realize that costuming is expensive, but it wouldn't hurt if some of the characters changed their clothes once in a while (I think Catelyn has been wearing that green dress for 2 or 3 episodes now). One thought was that they could perhaps use the same costume as base but overlay different accessories or fake embroidery to make it seem slightly different.
746	Jojen	2011-05-09	I don't mind Hodor's gray hair. Some people go bald early (Stannis), some people gray early. No reason Hodor can't have gone prematurely gray.
As for the LF telling Sansa about the Hound's secret, while I agree they should have had Sandor tell her himself, it serves a secondary purpose by pointing out the hypocracy of the "chivalrous" knight and using it to burst Sansa's bubble over it. Although, granted, she hasn't exactly been swooning over them like in the book, but I think she likely still comes to this understanding on her own. It's as much about knights in general as it is about the Hound.
747	PestilencE	2011-05-09	This episode had a different writer.I don't know if it was that, or just the decision to cram in a lot of backstory, infodumps, and Westeros history, and too little happening, but the episode was rather weak for me.I had the exact same thoughts after viewing...I don't know whom you're quoting, but I had the exact same thoughts as you and him as well.The budget's restrictions were bearable up to this point, but the tourney's (well, half of it) overall blandness was especially hard to accept.
748	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-09	Hodor looks older than I imaginedGonna have to agree with you there. I always pictured him maybe in his twenties somewhere.
749	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-09	I Always thought Hodor was younger. It doesn't really make a difference though.
750	PhoenixFlame	2011-05-09	Maybe whatever made Hodor only say "Hodor" gave him gray hair too  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> 
But why on earth was Hugh pacing a joust line? That's what you do for jumping shows...
751	legba11	2011-05-09	Because Hugh is completely unready to be a knight.  In the books, he dies because he is too incompetent to put his armor on properly and doesn't have a squire.  He is also noticeably uncomfortable moving in the armor before the joust.
752	Balefont	2011-05-09	Perhaps Ned could have stared at Gendry as he did, then mumbled to himself in wonderment, something like "...the exact young man that he was, all those years ago..."That would have given too much away to the characters in the scene that something is up.  Also, gotta watch out for those little birds.  No, for the most part, Ned keeps a lot to himself.
753	IheartTesla	2011-05-09	I have nothing much to add, except that I'll probably like this episode a little bit more on rewatch (and I want to test out my new avatar). Went a bit crazy reading reviews and recaps and downloading gifs, so I think I'll be in a better frame of mind and catch some new things the second time around.
754	Mya Stone	2011-05-09	Two things I noticed on rewatch (one good, one head scratcher):
1. Tyrion's line about "nothing better than watching sailors burn" was a great bit of foreshadowing to his chain in season 2.
2. Why is Viserys riding his horse when they arrive at Vaes Dothrak? (sp. most likely) I thought he was forced to walk? (That's really minor, but stuck out to me.)
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 09 May 2011 - 09:20 PM.
755	Blue Steel	2011-05-09	It's Catelyn's fault that Cersei was having an affair with her brother who threw Bran out of a window.  How dare she?
756	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-09	One detail about extras -- IIRC, the production has noted that the tourney sequence had the greatest number of extras and crew involved of any other scene they did in the show.One thing about the extras... they SUCK.  Putting aside the fact that there's too few of them, if you actually wash them, they're just awful.  Realize though that being an extra is a demoralizing, menial task that I can't understand why they'd want to do it.  I work in film/TV and they just get treated like crap, bossed around, paid low, yelled at for making noise during takes and yet they're absolutely essential to create any feeling of realism.  Watch the scene with Jon fighting (apologies, I can't remember which time, but somewhere in this episode).  The two guys right behind them are barely going through the motions and are just trying to not make noise with their swords.  There've been many examples of this like Dothraki people skinning a critter and stirring cookpots.  It drives me nuts.  I understand why these people fail at an impossible task, but after the first take with the idiots behind Jon, the director should've moved some people in there that don't look like they're about to start giggling. eta:  I realize too that most of them are locals to Ireland and aren't all necessarily professional extras.  It wouldn't surprise me if many of them are first day on a set, unlike the hordes of pros that are in LA, waiting for their big break.  If HBO is cutting so much for budget reasons, I doubt they're bringing up experienced background actors, so I am quite sure most of them are locals.As I said also, there just aren't enough extras for the grandeur of the books.  This effect can be lessened by camerawork and direction, but they've failed often at that as well.  The tourney certainly, but in more mundane areas too.  Like everywhere not in a closed room!  Take the entrance shot of ned getting to KL.  There's a high shot that goes towards the gate and there are peasants looking up and walking towards the group.  But there's like a force field at the edges of the shot and you can just tell that there are no other people around on the periphery of the shot.  I understand the budgetary concerns, but IMO, there's a lot of sloppy filmmaking going on here and it really irks me.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 09 May 2011 - 09:43 PM.
757	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-09	Because Hugh is completely unready to be a knight.  In the books, he dies because he is too incompetent to put his armor on properly and doesn't have a squire.  He is also noticeably uncomfortable moving in the armor before the joust.Well, you know that, and the fact that the Mountain killed him on purpose.
758	Maester Cressan	2011-05-09	That's a joke, I guess?! Okay, the whole Sansador thing might be a "nice" extra characterisation for a minor character (even though it is completely unnecessary for his role), but come on, Lyanna? She has already had much too much screen time by now, and I don't see how she is important at all in the first four books - while the Greyjoys are, and (the) Dragons are and their skulls are going to be shown this very season.Ah... what?What screen time?  She shows up in episode 1 and it is never fully explained what happened.  She's briefly mentioned in episode 2.  Then nothing.Unimportant?  She's only the entire reason the rebellion started, the reason Robert hates the Targaryans with an irrational level of hate, the reason Cersei hates her husband the King.  And that's just the stuff that's out there in the open.She's also hinted to be the major guilt trip that drives Ned Stark in half his actions.How can she be anything but hugely important in book 1?  True she fades in importance after the first book, but leaving her out is leaving a huge, huge hole in the plot, the motivations, and the character development of our three major players of season 1:  Ned, Robert, and Cersei.Then add in that Lyanna can provide help to Arya's story line as well, since it would provide an older model for her- both an ideal and a warning.I just don't get why she's being left out.  I'm not saying they need to spend a whole episode on her, just little dribbles.Three lines.  Just three lines in episode 3, and it would have improve the Arya-Ned scene.Ned: wistfully "You remind me of my sister."Arya: surprised "Aunt Lyanna was beautiful."Ned: sadly "She was, beautiful and wild, and dead before her time."That's it.  Three lines and now we know Lyanna's name and that she was like Arya, so we like her already, and she came to a tragic end.  Making us feel sorry for Lyanna, and worried for Arya.Then spend just a little time this episode showing Robert is still hung up on her.  Yeah, I know we found that out in episode 1, but we could do with a reminder this far in.
759	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-09	2. Why is Viserys riding his horse when they arrive at Vaes Dothrak? (sp. most likely) I thought he was forced to walk? (That's really minor, but stuck out to me.)I thought it was a temporary punishment and assumed after some time passed, they let back on the horse again.
760	ExLibris	2011-05-09	Two things I noticed on rewatch (one good, one head scratcher):1. Tyrion's line about "nothing better than watching sailors burn" was a great bit of foreshadowing to his chain in season 2.2. Why is Viserys riding his horse when they arrive at Vaes Dothrak? (sp. most likely) I thought he was forced to walk? (That's really minor, but stuck out to me.)He should have been riding in a cart...I believe in the books after several days of walking Drogo offers him a place in a cart and he accepts. I don't believe he ever gets back on the horse.I'm a little disappointed they didn't throw him in the cart, how else will the Cart King get his crown?
761	Xenophon	2011-05-09	I thought it was a temporary punishment and assumed after some time passed, they let back on the horse again.Yeah, they seem to have cut out the whole "King Cart" business.  Which makes sense given the need to condense things for TV.Re. the extras, I agree there have been some bad moments (Drogo's wedding party, first and foremost), but I think they generally have been pretty good.  If you watch them closely, sure they look kinda bad, but they don't draw attention to themselves, so most of the time its fine.  I do agree that the tournament was a bit ridiculous.  We're supposed to believe that that crowd is "filling every room in the city"?  That's testing the limits of my suspension of disbelief.  Not sure what they could have done about it, though, short of CGI (expensive) or having the joust in an enclosed courtyard (also problematic).  So, I'll give them a pass on that.
762	Chislev	2011-05-09	He should have been riding in a cart...I believe in the books after several days of walking Drogo offers him a place in a cart and he accepts. I don't believe he ever gets back on the horse.I'm a little disappointed they didn't throw him in the cart, how else will the Cart King get his crown?Pretty sure Dany begs Drogo to let her brother ride again...something about using all the pillow tricks Doreah had taught her ;o)
					
					
							Edited by Chislev, 09 May 2011 - 10:03 PM.
763	Recentiy03	2011-05-09	Correct. He was an upjumped squire, knighted because he was the one who poisoned Jon Arryn on the orders of the Queen (or one of her catspaws). "He had no business riding in that company" is how the Hound phrased it -- and Gregor's lance goes where Gregor bloody wants it to go.I'm pretty sure Robert is the one who knights Ser Hugh after Jon Aryn's death and Lysa, of course, admits to killing him with the Tears of Lys. That being so, I don't know why Ser Gregor killed him.
764	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-05-09	Gregor killed him because he was there to be killed.  Gregor is vicious like that.
765	unJon	2011-05-09	Just re-watched.  Bronn does not rise to Cat's call to arrest Tyrion at the end.  You can see his hand raising his cup to drink in the very last scene when everyone has their swords out.  Nice touch.
766	kurttrukx	2011-05-09	I think the Hound totally got the shaft this episode.
A lot of people are upset that his scene with Sansa was rewritten as Littlefinger dialog.
I don't want to jump to a conclusion, but I'm not really getting my hopes up that they'll show the Mountain Vs. the Hound either.
For one thing, there are no shots in the episode 5 preview of any additional tourney scenes; however, they do show shots of Lannisters Vs. Starks in the streets and the uneasy Cat/Tyrion alliance Vs. the mountain clan.
Episode 4 was already light on action. Why would they push the end of the tourney to next week when episode 5 is already loaded with action?  It just doesn't make plotting sense.
So I have a bad feeling that one of my favorite stories in the book might be cut.
767	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-05-09	Of course they will show the Gregor/Hound scene, the whole point of having LF tell the story in this episode is so that the audience will understand the subtext of that scene in the next episode.
768	Ser Greguh	2011-05-09	I think the Hound totally got the shaft this episode.A lot of people are upset that his scene with Sansa was rewritten as Littlefinger dialog.I don't want to jump to a conclusion, but I'm not really getting my hopes up that they'll show the Mountain Vs. the Hound either.For one thing, there are no shots in the episode 5 preview of any additional tourney scenes; however, they do show shots of Lannisters Vs. Starks in the streets and the uneasy Cat/Tyrion alliance Vs. the mountain clan.Episode 4 was already light on action. Why would they push the end of the tourney to next week when episode 5 is already loaded with action?  It just doesn't make plotting sense.So I have a bad feeling that one of my favorite stories in the book might be cut.Various clips and stills from the scene were among the first promotional images released for the show, including what appeared to be the shot where The Mountain is swinging down on Loras with all his might and Sandor steps in.  Decapitated horse and all.  The scene is in, beyond any shadow of a doubt.People are getting their panties into way too tight a bunch over the size of this one particular crowd, imo.  It was practically a warm-up bout, an utter mismatch between a highly skilled but unflamboyant known knight and a pathetic upjumped squire.  Most of the spectators were obviously still tailgating until an actual match happened.  Cersei walked out on it completely, and evidently they'd been waiting long enough for Robert to call for the joust to happen already, before he pissed himself.  No, thanks to the limitations of TV budgets we're not going to get a full coliseum or anything of the sort,  every extra has to have a full costume, etc. etc., but for this particular crowd it pretty much fits with the spirit of the story.  It's a multi-day event in the books and this was just basically a boring prelim with no drama or tension whatsoever for a potential audience.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 09 May 2011 - 11:29 PM.
769	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	His age didn't bother me at all. In my opinion, he appears to be in his late 30s, perhaps early 40s. That doesn't contradict the fact that he's supposed to be Old Nan's grandson (I don't remember how old he was in the books, though).To be clear, Hodor is Old Nan's GREAT grandson.
770	Ser Greguh	2011-05-09	To be clear, Hodor is Old Nan's GREAT grandson.He's also a giant.  He no doubt looks much older than he actually is.
771	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	When Ned is in the Council Room, there is an empty seat right at the center with the crowned stag on it. Is it Stannis's or Robert's? Because Robert should have a seat, shouldn't he? And if it's that one, where is Stannis's? I hope they haven't cut Stannis out completely. That would be awful.I believed it to be Robert's.  While Stannis has been mentioned, it has never been mentioned that he is on the King's council.  I think they have cut that bit instead of explaining it.  But Stannis will be in season 2.
772	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	One thing about the extras... they SUCK.  Putting aside the fact that there's too few of them, if you actually wash them, they're just awful.  Realize though that being an extra is a demoralizing, menial task that I can't understand why they'd want to do it.  I work in film/TV and they just get treated like crap, bossed around, paid low, yelled at for making noise during takes and yet they're absolutely essential to create any feeling of realism.  Watch the scene with Jon fighting (apologies, I can't remember which time, but somewhere in this episode).  The two guys right behind them are barely going through the motions and are just trying to not make noise with their swords. Stuff like this never bothers me, but I noticed it at Castle Black as well.  The extras in the background were just barely moving their swords.  When we have this huge scene with Ser Alister yelling at the new recruits who are working their butts off, in the background we have other people who just seem to be chilling pretending to fight.
773	Lord Godric	2011-05-09	Ah... what?What screen time?  She shows up in episode 1 and it is never fully explained what happened.  She's briefly mentioned in episode 2.  Then nothing.Unimportant?  She's only the entire reason the rebellion started, the reason Robert hates the Targaryans with an irrational level of hate, the reason Cersei hates her husband the King.  And that's just the stuff that's out there in the open.She's also hinted to be the major guilt trip that drives Ned Stark in half his actions.How can she be anything but hugely important in book 1?  True she fades in importance after the first book, but leaving her out is leaving a huge, huge hole in the plot, the motivations, and the character development of our three major players of season 1:  Ned, Robert, and Cersei.Then add in that Lyanna can provide help to Arya's story line as well, since it would provide an older model for her- both an ideal and a warning.I just don't get why she's being left out.  I'm not saying they need to spend a whole episode on her, just little dribbles.Three lines.  Just three lines in episode 3, and it would have improve the Arya-Ned scene.Ned: wistfully "You remind me of my sister."Arya: surprised "Aunt Lyanna was beautiful."Ned: sadly "She was, beautiful and wild, and dead before her time."That's it.  Three lines and now we know Lyanna's name and that she was like Arya, so we like her already, and she came to a tragic end.  Making us feel sorry for Lyanna, and worried for Arya.Then spend just a little time this episode showing Robert is still hung up on her.  Yeah, I know we found that out in episode 1, but we could do with a reminder this far in.Continually bringing up Lyanna would, I think, be forcing her upon the viewers.  Enough has been done to lay the mystery of Jon's true parentage before the viewers without having to force a mention of Lyanna every single episode. Just a question though, if you think there hasn't been enough Lyanna, what about Rhaegar? Has he even been mentioned by name once yet? He's also a giant. He no doubt looks much older than he actually is.Oh, I didn't realize being a giant meant you get gray hairs faster than usual.
774	kurttrukx	2011-05-09	Various clips and stills from the scene were among the first promotional images released for the show, including what appeared to be the shot where The Mountain is swinging down on Loras with all his might and Sandor steps in.  Decapitated horse and all.  The scene is in, beyond any shadow of a doubt.Great news. Well, episode 5 is going to be totally killer with 3 epic fights.
775	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-10	Just a question though, if you think there hasn't been enough Lyanna, what about Rhaegar? Has he even been mentioned by name once yet? Yes he has, in Ep.2 at Bob and Ned's picnic. "What Rhaegar Targaryen did to your sister, the woman I loved" or words to that effect.What I think it missing from the Jon's parentage mystery is the Asharia Dayne Rumour. If this rumour doesn't come out at some point this season that obviously diminishes the status of the N+A=J theory in the books. Though doesn't eliminate it entirely. Obviously if N+A=J in the books then Jon's parentage is pretty meaningless in the bigger picture, so for the purposes of the series it can remain a forever unanswered mystery, which it could be in the books too. But even if R+L=J poking the N+A=J red herring in there added a debating point to the story which may not be part of the TV subculture.
776	smegma	2011-05-10	Rhaegar was also mentioned this episode when Jorah tells Dany that Rhaegar was the last dragon or whatever. I wonder if he got the glow.
777	malek	2011-05-10	I enjoyed Tyrion's (and Cat's to Tyrion's) reaction when Frey's man announced that Ser Walder is looking to get married again on his 90'th names-day  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
778	Cyclone49	2011-05-10	Big improvement on last week, I thought. Best scene was Littlefinger pointing out all of the various spies to Ned, really puts into perspective the pit of snakes he's wandered into. And we finally get to see some more Ghost! Not sure what to think about the story of the Hound's scars being given to Littlefinger, but it worked better on screen than I thought it would when I thought read about this change, and as long as the Hound still gives his drunken speech to Sansa about knights in the next episode it doesn't really bother me. Oh, and Hodor's way more older and overweight than I imagined him - I can't exactly see Osha ogling the TV version's naked body.
779	Commodore	2011-05-10	for some reason I envisioned the jousting area as circular, almost like a rodeo, with a fence and thousands of people watching
this was certainly underwhelming
780	GoTreviews	2011-05-10	2. Why is Viserys riding his horse when they arrive at Vaes Dothrak? (sp. most likely) I thought he was forced to walk? (That's really minor, but stuck out to me.)Bothered me as well. Makes sense episode wise tho, since Dany's trying to be gentle to him, offering him diner and gifts, maybe the viewer will assume Viserys has been forgiven.On the extras, I have to say, I'm bothered as well. It starded at the Dothraki's wedding, where the background guys were just looking around, but it really isn't getting any better. It's a good thing Littlefinger is that good: you only see him, the first time he tells Sansa the Hound's story... and that's the good thing because, man, the couple of guys behind him... they're awful. It's almost as if Petyr's story was being told out of time, in a different space, where only he and Sans can move or hear. It was a little bothering at first watch, but at the second time, I found it to be a long, dull moment.Kinda makes me worry about the big upcoming battles as well.
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 10 May 2011 - 08:14 AM.
781	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	I at first was miffed that they gave the Hounds story to Littlefinger and I'm hoping that they'll at least give us something good at the end of the tournament to make up for him.
After watching the scene again I'm kind of wondering, maybe the reason is as others have stated, they needed to setup Gregor and Sandor backstory earlier, but I don't know why that couldn't have been done effectively the way it was written in the book. But then again, since the tournament seems to be split over two episodes maybe it just works better this way for TV.
I'm also sort of wondering, is having someone else tell Sansa the story, is it a way to make her more frightened of the Hound. It kind of takes away from the Hound, in the book it was kind of interesting that he willingly told her that story. It's sort of unexpected and it almost seems like he was looking for something in her, sort of something worth fighting for. 
But then I think maybe in a way it's more scary to have Littlefinger tell her so she can be more terrified of the Hound, the story might not be as scary coming from the sorce but whispered by someone like Littlefinger it makes it all more scary, and having him do the threat at the end, that her knowing puts her in danger...sort of translates to me that Littlefinger is sewing the seed of fear in her - sort of setting up a dynamic when she is going to be alone with the Hound.
I know we got to see the earlier scene when they first sort of officially met but to me Sansa didn't seem as scared as she was portrayed in the book. In the book she neals down and hugs on lady while the hound sort of makes fun of her. The show version, at least to me she didn't seem as scared but also it came across as more of a humiliation from Joffery to Sandor. Sansa and Sandor seemed to be getting along okay there till Joffery came in and had to open his big mouth.
So I'm crossing my fingers that they're going to give us something in the next episode that will make up for Littlefinger getting to take Sandor's revealing conversation.
782	howland_reed	2011-05-10	One thing about the extras... they SUCK. Putting aside the fact that there's too few of them, if you actually wash them, they're just awful. Realize though that being an extra is a demoralizing, menial task that I can't understand why they'd want to do it. I work in film/TV and they just get treated like crap, bossed around, paid low, yelled at for making noise during takes and yet they're absolutely essential to create any feeling of realism. Watch the scene with Jon fighting (apologies, I can't remember which time, but somewhere in this episode). The two guys right behind them are barely going through the motions and are just trying to not make noise with their swords. There've been many examples of this like Dothraki people skinning a critter and stirring cookpots. It drives me nuts. I understand why these people fail at an impossible task, but after the first take with the idiots behind Jon, the director should've moved some people in there that don't look like they're about to start giggling.I noticed that too when watching the Wall scenes.  The extras that are practicing in the background are barely going at it, and look like how 5-year olds would play/spar against each other, rather than an actual training ground.I only notice these things though on a rewatch, when I'm taking in more of the visuals and surrounding.  Still, I'm sure on a subconscious level, the poor direction of the extras and sparsely populated sets is probably the reason that this production still doesn't feel as epic as it could be.
783	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	I was so absorbed in the action that I didn't pay a single bit of attention to the extras. You guys are much more observant than me, that's for sure!
784	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	There were a bunch of people on the other side of the jousting field in one of the shots - maybe the people in the stands who could sit were just the noble men and women and the regular common folk and everyone else had to stand where they could to see. I'm not hugely bothered by the lack of background people but it did seem a bit sparce on the people in the stands side. The way it happened in the book I seem to remember Ned having to hunt for Sansa in the crowd and I don't see where that's gonna happen given the lack of seated people.
785	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	I'm definitely in the minority here but I thought the amount of people were fine. I also thought the amount of they've showed is fine too Dothraki, but I'm guess I'm easy to please or just more willing to overlook this aspect due to their understandable budget issues. I do hope they're able to pull off the battle scenes effectively though.
786	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-10	I at first was miffed that they gave the Hounds story to Littlefinger and I'm hoping that they'll at least give us something good at the end of the tournament to make up for him.After watching the scene again I'm kind of wondering, maybe the reason is as others have stated, they needed to setup Gregor and Sandor backstory earlier, but I don't know why that couldn't have been done effectively the way it was written in the book. But then again, since the tournament seems to be split over two episodes maybe it just works better this way for TV.I'm also sort of wondering, is having someone else tell Sansa the story, is it a way to make her more frightened of the Hound. It kind of takes away from the Hound, in the book it was kind of interesting that he willingly told her that story. It's sort of unexpected and it almost seems like he was looking for something in her, sort of something worth fighting for. But then I think maybe in a way it's more scary to have Littlefinger tell her so she can be more terrified of the Hound, the story might not be as scary coming from the sorce but whispered by someone like Littlefinger it makes it all more scary, and having him do the threat at the end, that her knowing puts her in danger...sort of translates to me that Littlefinger is sewing the seed of fear in her - sort of setting up a dynamic when she is going to be alone with the Hound.I know we got to see the earlier scene when they first sort of officially met but to me Sansa didn't seem as scared as she was portrayed in the book. In the book she neals down and hugs on lady while the hound sort of makes fun of her. The show version, at least to me she didn't seem as scared but also it came across as more of a humiliation from Joffery to Sandor. Sansa and Sandor seemed to be getting along okay there till Joffery came in and had to open his big mouth.So I'm crossing my fingers that they're going to give us something in the next episode that will make up for Littlefinger getting to take Sandor's revealing conversation.That scene worked for me on its own merits; I'll only be displeased if it turns out they've cut the melA©e and the Hound's scene with Sansa. In fact, having it this way round establishes a few things.1. Littlefinger is kinda weird around Sansa, not to mention generally untrustworthy and a gossip. See also: all of LF's screentime.2. King's Landing is chock-full of scary people with swords.3. The Clegane brothers have major beef. Old beef.4. Gregor Clegane is a psychopath. See also: Ser Hugh of the Vale.5. Sandor Clegane is someone to pity but mainly to fear, for his own sake as much as his loyalty to Joffrey. See also: Micah.The latter points mean that non-readers will get more out of the tourney scenes next week.
787	Xenophon	2011-05-10	Stuff like this never bothers me, but I noticed it at Castle Black as well.  The extras in the background were just barely moving their swords.  When we have this huge scene with Ser Alister yelling at the new recruits who are working their butts off, in the background we have other people who just seem to be chilling pretending to fight.I'm just pretending that they are lazy as hell, so they won't do anything unless Thorne is yelling directly at them.
788	wolverine	2011-05-10	Count me in the camp of people not liking the story being taken away from The Hound.  they could have had the Littlefinger scene to set up and let non-readers know what is going on and still had The Hound give his version to Sansa.  Littlefinger could have just said something like:  "It is no wonder The Hound left when Gregor took over, rumor has it the scars on the dog's face were given to him by his brother."
The conversation between The Hound and Sansa on the way back from the feast is extremely important in the books IMO.  Someone said something about the show Hound being more internal and less vocal, I think this would make the scene even more powerful, that for whatever reason this melancholy quiet monster is reaching out to Sansa with this story.
789	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-10	To be clear, Hodor is Old Nan's GREAT grandson.Ok, I stand corrected. Do they mention this in the TV series? (I don't remember) I still don't have a problem with his age though, he looks quite similar to the person I'd imagined in the books. I saw a photo of the actor, and he doesn't have gray hair (it's brown), so they probably gave him a wig or dyed his hair.
790	Aoife	2011-05-10	No, that's his natural hair colour. He's mentioned before that they thought about dying it for the show, but they liked the way it looked, so they kept it.
791	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	That scene worked for me on its own merits; I'll only be displeased if it turns out they've cut the melA©e and the Hound's scene with Sansa. In fact, having it this way round establishes a few things.1. Littlefinger is kinda weird around Sansa, not to mention generally untrustworthy and a gossip. See also: all of LF's screentime.2. King's Landing is chock-full of scary people with swords.3. The Clegane brothers have major beef. Old beef.4. Gregor Clegane is a psychopath. See also: Ser Hugh of the Vale.5. Sandor Clegane is someone to pity but mainly to fear, for his own sake as much as his loyalty to Joffrey. See also: Micah.The latter points mean that non-readers will get more out of the tourney scenes next week.I've read the 4 books in the series so I'm kinda aware of the story more than someone who is only viewing the show without reading.I've come to realize all the characters are boarderline psychopaths, I'm not saying everyone is on Gregor's level of brutality but even those I deem good characters in this series do bad things from time to time.
792	howland_reed	2011-05-10	Count me in the camp of people not liking the story being taken away from The Hound.  they could have had the Littlefinger scene to set up and let non-readers know what is going on and still had The Hound give his version to Sansa.  Littlefinger could have just said something like:  "It is no wonder The Hound left when Gregor took over, rumor has it the scars on the dog's face were given to him by his brother."The conversation between The Hound and Sansa on the way back from the feast is extremely important in the books IMO.  Someone said something about the show Hound being more internal and less vocal, I think this would make the scene even more powerful, that for whatever reason this melancholy quiet monster is reaching out to Sansa with this story.If they had removed the scene with Littlefinger/Sansa, we would've been deprived of this creepy gif.http://i.imgur.com/DF7FR.gif
					
					
							Edited by howland_reed, 10 May 2011 - 11:42 AM.
793	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	I'm guess I'm easy to please It's not that you're easy to please, it's that most people are impossible to please.What you are seeing is similar to the near-perfect LOTR film adaptations being dismissed by nerds for not having the pointless Tom Bombadil (sp?) scene in it, or the Harry Potter movies being called failures for not having useless tournaments of Quidditch in every movie.People will never see success in something they don't think can nor really want to succeed. People be crazy!
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 10 May 2011 - 11:47 AM.
794	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-10	Count me in the camp of people not liking the story being taken away from The Hound.  they could have had the Littlefinger scene to set up and let non-readers know what is going on and still had The Hound give his version to Sansa.  Littlefinger could have just said something like:  "It is no wonder The Hound left when Gregor took over, rumor has it the scars on the dog's face were given to him by his brother."The conversation between The Hound and Sansa on the way back from the feast is extremely important in the books IMO.  Someone said something about the show Hound being more internal and less vocal, I think this would make the scene even more powerful, that for whatever reason this melancholy quiet monster is reaching out to Sansa with this story.There's a lot to that scene. He talks about his scorn for knighthood, his disdain for Sansa's idealism/ignorance, the pain of his burns, Gregor's violence... It's also a prime example of Sansa facing a real human adult, with nothing but bland courtly small talk at her disposal - which is how she spends most of the first two books.Giving a chunk of Sandor's monologue to Littlefinger stays true to both of their encounters with Sansa and conveys the same information, but better paced for the screen. We'll find out next week.If they had removed the scene with Littlefinger/Sansa, we would've been deprived of this creepy gif.http://i.imgur.com/DF7FR.gifETA That is probably the single best thing I have ever seen
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA©, 10 May 2011 - 11:52 AM.
795	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	If they had removed the scene with Littlefinger/Sansa, we would've been deprived of this creepy gif.http://i.imgur.com/DF7FR.gifRuns away! Hide your daughters! (hehe)
796	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	That GIF is amazing!
797	herkles	2011-05-10	I believe that the rest of the tournment will be shown in the next episode. I do recall seeing pictures of the melee, and other action so likely the next episode will have more of that. I also liked some of the forshowdowing in this episode, ie jon talking about how he almost slept with a red-haired woman seems to be a subtle way of indicating towards ygritt later on. when tyrion was speaking of burning ships, indicates towards the battle with fire outside of king's landing((can't remember the name of that battle)). also the scene with sansa and the septa is forshadowing for when tommen does become king, after joferry dies.  so there is some nice forshadowing, I wonder if anyone else caught some other examples
					
					
							Edited by herkles, 10 May 2011 - 12:10 PM.
798	Gargantuanjon Old Chap	2011-05-10	I believe that the rest of the tournment will be shown in the next episode. I do recall seeing pictures of the melee, and other action so likely the next episode will have more of that. I also liked some of the forshowdowing in this episode, ie jon talking about how he almost slept with a red-haired woman seems to be a subtle way of indicating towards ygritt later on. when tyrion was speaking of burning ships, indicates towards the battle with fire outside of king's landing((can't remember the name of that battle)). also the scene with sansa and the septa is forshadowing for when tommen does become king, after joferry dies.  so there is some nice forshadowing, I wonder if anyone else caught some other examplesJory telling Jaime that he will remember Greyjoy battle till the day he dies (very soon, and pretty much by Jaime's hand)
799	herkles	2011-05-10	oh, I forgot about that one, that also gave a little clue to thoros. I am hoping we see him in one episode if just to see that fire sword of his.
800	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-10	If they're showing Gregor's joust with the Knight of Flowers, they have to show Beric Dondarrion vs Thoros of Myr - they've name dropped Thoros already and both become important later.I also liked some of the forshowdowing in this episode, ie jon talking about how he almost slept with a red-haired woman seems to be a subtle way of indicating towards ygritt later on. when tyrion was speaking of burning ships, indicates towards the battle with fire outside of king's landing((can't remember the name of that battle)). also the scene with sansa and the septa is forshadowing for when tommen does become king, after joferry dies.  so there is some nice forshadowing, I wonder if anyone else caught some other examplesThe Battle of the Blackwater /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
801	Hyper	2011-05-10	There was also a neat shout-out to the existence of faceless men by Doreah. (the bathtub scene)
802	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	There was also a neat shout-out to the existence of faceless men by Doreah. (the bathtub scene)I LOVED the foreshadowing of that scene for Season 2. I don't think we got foreshadowing of the Faceless Men in the first book did we? I remember the Faceless Men being mentioned as awesome assassins in book 1, but I didn't remember their nifty face changing abilities being mentioned until we saw it.
803	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	There was also a neat shout-out to the existence of faceless men by Doreah. (the bathtub scene)I forgot about the bathtub scene, or maybe it's more I'm trying to forget the bathtub scene. it was just kinda...meh, two people getting it on in the bathtub...it just didn't come across as all that great as far as sex/love scenes go.I wasn't impressed with Mr. Dragon because the whole thing seemed more like a info dump and to make it interesting they made it a sex scene.
804	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-10	I LOVED the foreshadowing of that scene for Season 2. I don't think we got foreshadowing of the Faceless Men in the first book did we? I remember the Faceless Men being mentioned as awesome assassins in book 1, but I didn't remember their nifty face changing abilities being mentioned until we saw it.It's also setup for next week, when Robert wants to hire them to take out Dany.
805	Xenophon	2011-05-10	Ok, maybe I'm not understanding how feudalism worked/works either in RL or in Westeros, but did anyone else find it odd that Tyrion had to bribe someone to get a room at the inn?  He's the King's brother-in-law (and the heir apparent/presumptive--I never remember which is which--to Casterly Rock), shouldn't the inn-keeper being throwing people out the moment he steps in the door?
806	Aganerral	2011-05-10	Ok, maybe I'm not understanding how feudalism worked/works either in RL or in Westeros, but did anyone else find it odd that Tyrion had to bribe someone to get a room at the inn?  He's the King's brother-in-law (and the heir apparent/presumptive--I never remember which is which--to Casterly Rock), shouldn't the inn-keeper being throwing people out the moment he steps in the door?Tyrion probably could have pulled rank and forced his way into a room, but unless he did that, I don't think anyone would be strictly obligated to cede their room to him.  No one there is directly tied to the Lannisters, and the throne is in the Baratheons' name.  So despite being an important person, he doesn't really any sort of direct rule over the people there.
807	Maltaran	2011-05-10	Ok, maybe I'm not understanding how feudalism worked/works either in RL or in Westeros, but did anyone else find it odd that Tyrion had to bribe someone to get a room at the inn?  He's the King's brother-in-law (and the heir apparent/presumptive--I never remember which is which--to Casterly Rock), shouldn't the inn-keeper being throwing people out the moment he steps in the door?[pedant mode]Tyrion would be heir apparent, as there's no possibility of him being displaced by a birth higher up the line of succession. An heir presumptive would be someone like the brother of a childless lord - as things are currently he is the heir, but would be displaced if the lord has a son.[/pedant mode]Of course, he's never publically acknowledged as the heir, because Tywin hates him and wants Jaime to inherit.And a nice geek shout out when Viserys was naming the dragons, one of them was Vermithrax
808	End of Disc One	2011-05-10	Tyrion probably could have pulled rank and forced his way into a room, but unless he did that, I don't think anyone would be strictly obligated to cede their room to him.  No one there is directly tied to the Lannisters, and the throne is in the Baratheons' name.  So despite being an important person, he doesn't really any sort of direct rule over the people there.Yeah if Tyrion had enough men with him he could have threatened someone to give up their room, but he wouldn't do that.  The king could order someone to give up their room, but it wouldn't be good practice.  The only person I can think of who would do that is Joffrey.
809	herkles	2011-05-10	yea, it doesn't seem to be like tyrion to just pull rank when he has other methods at his disposal.
810	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-10	No, that's his natural hair colour. He's mentioned before that they thought about dying it for the show, but they liked the way it looked, so they kept it.Hmm, ok, he had brown hair in the photos I saw (here's one example). I suppose his hair is dyed brown in those photos or perhaps they were shot many years ago?
811	NW Deserter	2011-05-10	yea, it doesn't seem to be like tyrion to just pull rank when he has other methods at his disposal.But he uses his Lannister name to get things...Mord, mountain clans, etc.
812	DurararaFTW	2011-05-10	- Spoiler: There will be a dramatic change in [Hohor's] appearance halfway through the series that will entail a change in his make-up.
Uh... I'm totally blanking on what this is referring to honestly, can anyone refresh my memory?
813	Abaddon	2011-05-10	Oh, and Hodor's way more older and overweight than I imagined him - I can't exactly see Osha ogling the TV version's naked body.I never got the impression Osha was ogling Hodor because he had some sort of Adonis body, rather that he is in fact a, ahm, "giant".  No idea if HBO is going to feel the need to show us that or not  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
814	Ran	2011-05-10	I think those were taken a few years apart. My understanding is that Kristian (who's 35-36) went gray quite recently, and quite quickly.
815	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-10	I think those were taken a few years apart. My understanding is that Kristian (who's 35-36) went gray quite recently, and quite quickly.Yeah, I guess you're right. Looking forward to his 'transformation' later in the season, though /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
816	End of Disc One	2011-05-10	- Spoiler: There will be a dramatic change in [Hohor's] appearance halfway through the series that will entail a change in his make-up.Uh... I'm totally blanking on what this is referring to honestly, can anyone refresh my memory?Yeah I have no idea what they're talking about either.
817	Abaddon	2011-05-10	What you are seeing is similar to the near-perfect LOTR film adaptations being dismissed by nerds for not having the pointless Tom Bombadil (sp?) scene in itOkay, let's be honest here.  Excising the Bombadil sequence was common sense and very correctly done.  IMHO if Tolkien had an editor it would have been removed from the book, with maybe a very truncated sequence remaining, with the large majority of it moved to an appendix.  It really sucks the life out of the narrative even in the books and in a 2 hour (okay 3 hour) movie would have been impossible to include at any rate.  And it's completely inconsequential to the story except as background coloration.That said, calling the LOTR movies "near-perfect" is ignoring the travesty of what they did with Elrond and Arwin.  It'd be like taking the Blackfish and having him come in and become a major military player, also making him totally pissy and yelling all the time.  And it'd be like taking some random bit-player female character and turning her into a major character around which the central storyline revolves.  We're talking major surgery here and not for the better.  If they do something that extreme to ASOFI, I think everyone around here will scream bloody murder, and rightfully so.SO FAR, this adaptation has been VERY faithful to the books, much more so than the later LOTR movies (really ROTK was the worst offender).(As an aside, the LOTR movies, plot/character surgery aside, are stunning and are visually and aurally far more than I ever could have expected from anything based on the books.  Lavish, stunning, etc are all faint praise for what they were able to accomplish).  Game of Thrones naturally falls a little short here due to having half the budget for 3-4 times the runtime, but that's to be expected and it still looks amazing to me).
818	ser_nerdick	2011-05-10	Geez I don't know. I keep hoping each successive episode makes me forget my issues with the previous ones, but so far I don't see a lot of improvement.
In this episode:
- I agree with others that the tourney was way, way too small. I've seen bigger gatherings at quiznos. This was supposed to be a major event for the realm.
- A lot of added scenes not in the book, some good (Ned's walk in the park with Littlefinger), some not so good (Ned and Cersei, Jon and Sam)
- I pictured Sam as being much fatter. It doesn't help that Jon has such a fat face; you need a real blimp to seem obese compared to him
- I'm really not impressed with Cersei. IMO the way Headey plays the character, Cersei has ZERO sex appeal, and it's not just a matter of her physical features. She seems to have the cold, calculating bitchy part down, just not the sexiness. And why is Cersei always covered in some enormous quilt-looking thing? In the North it made sense because she could be cold. In palm-tree lined Kings Landing, not so much.
The sets are starting to bother me. Everything seems so... small. I don't think it's just a book/show comparison either. I'm watching Rome for the first time and I don't get the same cramped sound-stagey feeling at all with Rome. 
It's good to see that the show is generally being received well by folks though.
[edit] Oh, and Hodor is way too old.
					
					
							Edited by ser_nerdick, 10 May 2011 - 01:51 PM.
819	Xenophon	2011-05-10	[pedant mode]Tyrion would be heir apparent, as there's no possibility of him being displaced by a birth higher up the line of succession. An heir presumptive would be someone like the brother of a childless lord - as things are currently he is the heir, but would be displaced if the lord has a son.[/pedant mode]Thanks Maltaran! Ok, so is the general view that Tyrion just wanted to be polite by bribing someone rather than pulling rank?  I'm still a little surprised though, that everyone just remains seated and eating when the son of a Great Lord walks into the room.  This seems far more egalitarian than I would expect given the political structure, and how everyone was bowing and scraping to Robert when he arrived at Winterfell.
820	NW Deserter	2011-05-10	Was rewatching some scenes and I saw an awesome line in the Jaime/Jory exchange that I missed before:Jaime: "I saw the youngest of the Greyjoy lads at Winterfell. Like seeing a shark on a mountaintop."Jory: "Theon. He's a good lad."Jaime: "I doubt it."
821	Abaddon	2011-05-10	Ok, so is the general view that Tyrion just wanted to be polite by bribing someone rather than pulling rank?  I'm still a little surprised though, that everyone just remains seated and eating when the son of a Great Lord walks into the room.  This seems far more egalitarian than I would expect given the political structure, and how everyone was bowing and scraping to Robert when he arrived at Winterfell.We're in the riverlands, right?  So there is no direct relationship between Tyrion and the folks at the inn.  In contrast, Robert is King of the Seven Kingdoms and the direct ruler of everyone within.  They're not really comparable situations.If we saw Edmure come in, I think we'd see more of a response.  And when Catelyn is revealed, even though she is now a Stark and not a Tully, we see far more deference there than to Tyrion.  Which is appropriate.
822	NW Deserter	2011-05-10	Thanks Maltaran! Ok, so is the general view that Tyrion just wanted to be polite by bribing someone rather than pulling rank?  I'm still a little surprised though, that everyone just remains seated and eating when the son of a Great Lord walks into the room.  This seems far more egalitarian than I would expect given the political structure, and how everyone was bowing and scraping to Robert when he arrived at Winterfell.I really don't think it's that surprising...just about all of those men are either sellswords, neutral travelers who couldn't give a fuck which lord it is, or Tully bannermen. The first two can pretty much only be bought or bartered with, and the third group has no reason to be especially friendly to a Lannister, let alone the misshapen, disliked member of the family.
823	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-10	A thought just occurred to me. There's no reason that they couldn't have the scene between Sansa and the Hound in season 2 instead. Sansa would be too afraid to let on that she already heard the story from LF, so it could still play out like it did in the book. With it being in season 2, it'd also have the nice benefit of reminding the viewers of the Hound's backstory as some of them might have forgotten in from season 1, and some people might be watching season 2 without getting around to watching season 1 first (though they'd probably be in the minority).
824	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	A thought just occurred to me. There's no reason that they couldn't have the scene between Sansa and the Hound in season 2 instead. Sansa would be too afraid to let on that she already heard the story from LF, so it could still play out like it did in the book. With it being in season 2, it'd also have the nice benefit of reminding the viewers of the Hound's backstory as some of them might have forgotten in from season 1, and some people might be watching season 2 without getting around to watching season 1 first (though they'd probably be in the minority).Yea, I suppose they could do a revisit for next season, but I don't know, hopefully we'll get something in the next one; wait...episode 5...that mean we're gonna be halfway *cries* this season is to short already.Bugger HBO for having short seasons. Steals truebloods tag; waiting sucks, both weekly and seasonally.
825	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-10	This wasn't my favorite episode, but I still enjoyed it quite a bit.  What I liked:1.  Tyrion, Jon, Daenerys and Littlefinger were all stellar portrayals this week.  Still satisfied-to-thrilled with the casting to this point.  These four have stepped their game up the most since their first appearances.  Arya, Jorah, Varys & others solid as ever in slightly smaller roles this week.2.  Loved the way they handled the 3-eyed crow by removing the complexity of Bran's book dreams while retaining the air of mystery.  It was a quick, memorable "WTF?" moment that planted a seed.  Couldn't have been done any better IMHO.  3.  Hodor!  I think Nairn will do a great job in the role.  The grey hair understandably threw some folks but I wasn't bothered by it.  He doesn't look "old," to me, but like a 30-something dude with grey hair (they exist).  A few years older than book Hodor (20s) but that's consistent with the other characters.4.  Samwell Tarly wasn't quite what I was expecting looks wise but was well-played enough for me not to mind.  He and Jon already have a good chemistry going.  5.  Tyrion's capture was wonderfully executed.  I would've preferred the house sigils easier to spot, but everything else in that scene was perfect.6.  Tyrion/Theon exchange was excellent and book-worthy (though not taken from the book)  I dug the reference to Theon's uncles being responsible for destroying the Lannister fleet.7.  Many other nice little references to please book readers (Jaime & Jory talking about Thoros at Pyke, Doreah's faceless man, Targaryens riding dragons from Valyria, Jorah calling Rhaegar the "last Dragon").  8.  It was nice to see Ghost & Grey Wind.  Hopefully we'll see more of both in future episodes.What I didn't like1.  Disappointed they didn't manage to fit all the tournament scenes into this week (or at least fit in something extra.  Archery?  Thoros vs. Beric?).  The tournament was something a lot of people were looking forward to and it felt kind of rushed and underwhelming.  Tons of people think that one scene is all we're going to see of this grand Hand's Tourney that costs 80,000 gold.  I didn't mind the exclusivity of the bleachers but the standing-room crowd of smallfolk looked much too sparse.2.  Viserys/Doreah bathtub scene had some good moments but was too damn long.  The interminable dragon-naming crap was just not necessary and felt like filler.  We already know Viserys is pompous, cruel ass - no need to reestablish it in a 4-minute scene that should have been cut to about 2 minutes.3.  Sansa/Septa Mordane was acted well enough and was OK as a character building scene, but sort of felt unnecessary in the grand sceme.  We didn't discover much except that Sansa doesn't know why her grandfather & uncle were put to death, and is still pissed at Ned.  Okey doke.  I'm hoping this sets up something more substantial in a future episode.4.  I didn't mind LF getting the Hound's lines...but the timing felt a bit wrong.  Here's Sansa (and the audience) still seconds into recovering from the shock of Ser Hugh's forced tracheotomy, and BAM - LF launches into this story about Sandor & Gregor.  I dunno, it just seemed sloppy and forced.  And, as someone else has already pointed out, the extras on this show are horrendously bad.  Bunch of folks sitting there looking bored to death mere moments after a dude gets a lance to the throat.  ACT, people!  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />5.  Too much exposition all around, although for the most part it was well-done.  A show this complex obviously needs a lot of expository content but they sort of overdid it this week.  I think this is an issue that will resolve itself in the coming weeks as the more action-oriented plotlines begin to take shape in earnest.
826	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-10	SO FAR, this adaptation has been VERY faithful to the books, much more so than the later LOTR movies (really ROTK was the worst offender).I agree, I have no major complaints about the adaptation so far. I think they've done a very good job given the vast ensemble and intricate plots.But I guess I'm one of the few people in this universe who actually think that the LOTR trilogy is overrated (although I think the first movie was quite good). Not because they omitted this character or that detail (in movie adaptations like that it becomes of secondary importance to me), but because it failed to engage my emotions and I honestly couldn't care less whether the main characters died or not. Films like that rely heavily upon its main characters if it wants to succeed at an emotional level (and not only on a visual and aural level). This is one of the reasons why I enjoyed films such as Gladiator (2000) a lot more, because it managed to build/establish a strong, interesting main character (Maximus) who helped to drive the plot and narrative forward. You felt sympathy with the character and you cared about him (at least I did).And this is also the reason why I enjoy GoT so far. I care about many of the characters, and although I've read the books, I look forward to seeing how the characters develop on the 'small' screen. I think the filmmakers have managed to assemble a strong cast, and this is a very important factor as well: It's one thing to read about a character in a book (and seeing that person mentally), but it's a different experience to actually see that character brought to life by a skilled actor (I'm not suggesting that visual media is superior to the written word: Only that these media each have their own strengths and weaknesses. In general, I find that books do a better job of engaging our mind and inner thoughts, while movies appeal more to our senses. I enjoy both media, but for slightly different reasons).(As an aside, the LOTR movies, plot/character surgery aside, are stunning and are visually and aurally far more than I ever could have expected from anything based on the books. ... Yes, in all fairness, I should say that the LOTR movies were visually and aurally spectacular.Game of Thrones naturally falls a little short here due to having half the budget for 3-4 times the runtime, but that's to be expected and it still looks amazing to me).The total budget for GoT (entire first season) was $60 M (estimated), and the total budget for the LOTR-trilogy was $285 M. In other words, GoT had only one fifth of the budget of LOTR. No wonder they couldn't match LOTR in terms of visual extravaganza, production design and visual effects. Nonetheless, I think they've done an astounding job given these monetary limitations (relatively speaking, of course).(The total running time for the theatrical cuts of the LOTR trilogy is almost the same as the entire first season of GoT, BTW).
827	Chirios	2011-05-10	Doesn't matter how much I read it, doesn't matter if I watch it, I still cannot get over how ridiculously dumb it was for Cat to arrest Tyrion.
828	Lord Godric	2011-05-10	But he uses his Lannister name to get things...Mord, mountain clans, etc.No, he uses his money.  Like he did at this scene at the Inn. Tyrion always uses money for everything.  For Bronn, for the clansmen, even for Shae.  It is how he operates.
829	Lord Godric	2011-05-10	Geez I don't know. I keep hoping each successive episode makes me forget my issues with the previous ones, but so far I don't see a lot of improvement.In this episode:- I agree with others that the tourney was way, way too small. I've seen bigger gatherings at quiznos. This was supposed to be a major event for the realm.- A lot of added scenes not in the book, some good (Ned's walk in the park with Littlefinger), some not so good (Ned and Cersei, Jon and Sam)- I pictured Sam as being much fatter. It doesn't help that Jon has such a fat face; you need a real blimp to seem obese compared to him- I'm really not impressed with Cersei. IMO the way Headey plays the character, Cersei has ZERO sex appeal, and it's not just a matter of her physical features. She seems to have the cold, calculating bitchy part down, just not the sexiness. And why is Cersei always covered in some enormous quilt-looking thing? In the North it made sense because she could be cold. In palm-tree lined Kings Landing, not so much.The sets are starting to bother me. Everything seems so... small. I don't think it's just a book/show comparison either. I'm watching Rome for the first time and I don't get the same cramped sound-stagey feeling at all with Rome. It's good to see that the show is generally being received well by folks though.[edit] Oh, and Hodor is way too old.I think this post shows why I absolutely can not stand nit-pickers.  Jon's face is too fat?  /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />  Enjoy the series, don't rip it apart for trivial things.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 10 May 2011 - 03:55 PM.
830	Lord Godric	2011-05-10	Thanks Maltaran! Ok, so is the general view that Tyrion just wanted to be polite by bribing someone rather than pulling rank?  I'm still a little surprised though, that everyone just remains seated and eating when the son of a Great Lord walks into the room.  This seems far more egalitarian than I would expect given the political structure, and how everyone was bowing and scraping to Robert when he arrived at Winterfell.Well Robert is the King of the entire realm.  Tyrion is the heir to Casterly Rock (technically, although his father would never give it to him), and they aren't in the Western lands that serve Casterly Rock and the Lannisters.
831	Iotun	2011-05-10	Having just finished reading the last 8 or so pages of the thread, I have to wonder if there's any benefit people get in coming to this forum, or seeing the show. I think the point of reading a book, or watching a TV show is trying to get immersed in the story, the characters, and to enjoy the tale told to you. People seem to be purposefully trying to see the show not to be entertained, or accept it as a story, but to be TV and movie critics. Not watching what Jon, or Dany, or Robert are doing, but how their actors are acting as them, not watching Kings Landing or the Wall, or Winterfell, but how the various sets look like these places. Why can you not see the show for what its trying to tell - the story of Westeros and the great families in it - but instead are obsessed with seeing it with what it actually objectively is - a 21st century tv production that's there to criticize and technically analyse. Are you enjoying yourselves? I had things I didn't like as well when I saw the first episode, but I have stopped caring, and just accept what I see as how the story is, and don't try to analyze the show as filmed TV.
832	smegma	2011-05-10	I'd let Kit Harington bury his "fat" face in me anytime. That guy is gorgeous. 
I dunno, I think John Bradley or whatever his name is that plays Sam is pretty heavy - at least as heavy as I pictured Sam. I think his face is what I really like though, very chubby, innocent and convincingly afraid. Great casting, in my opinion.
833	Aoife	2011-05-10	Yeah I have no idea what they're talking about either.I know there had been some early conjecture about his appearance being altered by Bran's basket, and so on, but... here's a picture of him from presumably later on. Joke aside, it looks like maybe he ends up injured / scarred from the bout with Osha & co?
834	End of Disc One	2011-05-10	Jon has a fat face now?  I swear, people on the internet and their standards...
835	elfish_warrior	2011-05-10	Another brilliant episode for me.
Tyrion handing Theon his ass on a plate was brilliant.
Ros is sounding quite the Weseros pin cushion lol
Sam and Jon on the wall was brilliant as was the snippet of Ghost that we saw.
Loved the nods to the books with mentions of Mance Rayder and Thoros of Myr.
Can't wait for the blu-ray of this series, hope the extras are immense!!
836	Lord Godric	2011-05-10	Having just finished reading the last 8 or so pages of the thread, I have to wonder if there's any benefit people get in coming to this forum, or seeing the show. I think the point of reading a book, or watching a TV show is trying to get immersed in the story, the characters, and to enjoy the tale told to you. People seem to be purposefully trying to see the show not to be entertained, or accept it as a story, but to be TV and movie critics. Not watching what Jon, or Dany, or Robert are doing, but how their actors are acting as them, not watching Kings Landing or the Wall, or Winterfell, but how the various sets look like these places. Why can you not see the show for what its trying to tell - the story of Westeros and the great families in it - but instead are obsessed with seeing it with what it actually objectively is - a 21st century tv production that's there to criticize and technically analyse. Are you enjoying yourselves? I had things I didn't like as well when I saw the first episode, but I have stopped caring, and just accept what I see as how the story is, and don't try to analyze the show as filmed TV.There are some of us who enjoy the show for the story, and don't watch to lament how much we hate everything afterwards.
837	Xenophon	2011-05-10	There are some of us who enjoy the show for the story, and don't watch to lament how much we hate everything afterwards.And some who enjoy the show on its own terms first, but also enjoy analyzing it afterwards.
838	elfish_warrior	2011-05-10	Did anyone else pronounce Gendry as in Jendry when they read the books?
I always did because of the word Gentry being said as jentry.
839	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-10	And some who enjoy the show on its own terms first, but also enjoy analyzing it afterwards.Yes, this, exactly.I try not to analyze the show at all during the first run-through.  I don't post here, I don't tweet, I don't talk on the phone or converse with anyone - just watch and enjoy.  The analysis can come later (preferably after subsequent viewings).Can't wait for the blu-ray of this series, hope the extras are immense!!I'll pay big bucks for blu-ray director's cut episodes.  And I know I'm not the only one.You listening, HBO???
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 10 May 2011 - 04:47 PM.
840	Huan	2011-05-10	4.  I didn't mind LF getting the Hound's lines...but the timing felt a bit wrong.  Here's Sansa (and the audience) still seconds into recovering from the shock of Ser Hugh's forced tracheotomy, and BAM - LF launches into this story about Sandor & Gregor.  I dunno, it just seemed sloppy and forced.  And, as someone else has already pointed out, the extras on this show are horrendously bad.  Bunch of folks sitting there looking bored to death mere moments after a dude gets a lance to the throat.  ACT, people!  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Actually I thought they were trying to achieve a pause in the background as Ser Hugh dies and LF tells his story to Sansa, kind of a frozen or slowed down moment.
841	KarentheUnicorn	2011-05-10	Maybe it has to do with the fact that you're American, and your continuous staring into the TV screen has zombified you to a point of not being able to accept that what you see there isn't how everything should be.god...America didn't invent the round arena for massive sporting events; blame Italy.
842	Bronn Stone	2011-05-10	Thanks Maltaran! Ok, so is the general view that Tyrion just wanted to be polite by bribing someone rather than pulling rank?  I'm still a little surprised though, that everyone just remains seated and eating when the son of a Great Lord walks into the room.  This seems far more egalitarian than I would expect given the political structure, and how everyone was bowing and scraping to Robert when he arrived at Winterfell.These people are sworn to Riverrun, not Casterly Rock.  Presumably the result would have been different if it had been Edmure Tully.
843	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-10	Not to mention Tyrion doesnt have that much of respect and barely any power from his family.
844	Jaime L	2011-05-10	If they're showing Gregor's joust with the Knight of Flowers, they have to show Beric Dondarrion vs Thoros of Myr - they've name dropped Thoros already and both become important later.Agreed, considering how important both are later. Infact I would've liked to see the preamble to the tourney - the buzz and pageantry that must surround such an event. I'd have liked to see Beric riding into town with his retinue saying he's here to win the Hand's Tourney. This should feel like a city alive with possibility.  Really show us what the kingdom was like in peace so we can appreciate the proper horror of the kingdom at war. We know winter's coming but less us enjoy this bit of summer.Think it's possible to be so gravely and intently focused on hitting all the crucial plot points (and really the series hasn't missed one yet) that you place less of an emphasis on those little touches that add to the vibrancy of the series.
845	legba11	2011-05-10	Jon has a fat face now?  I swear, people on the internet and their standards...Everyone on the internet has 190 IQ's, super model wives (multiple) and a law degree.Didn't you know this?I wish I could find the clip from the Simpsons of the Itchy and Scratchy fan complaining to Homer.
846	lounger	2011-05-10	I wish I could find the clip from the Simpsons of the Itchy and Scratchy fan complaining to Homer.bad quality but I agree it may fit hereMy link
847	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-10	Everyone on the internet has 190 IQ's, super model wives (multiple) and a law degree.IAnd they're just my salt wives /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
848	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	I like how Littlefinger just got right to the story. It shows how unphased he is by gory death right in front of him.
849	ser_nerdick	2011-05-10	I stand by my comment. Jon has a fat face. In my opinion of course. Others may think his face looks thin and gaunt. He is much chubbier than I had envisioned reading the books.
Regarding the criticism of the show's criticism, I don't get it. Do people really only want to see post after post of gushing praise? I was honest about what I saw as faults. It's not to say I didn't find things I liked (as I noted). I'm just stating my opinion.
850	TyrionTargaryen	2011-05-10	WOW Kit Harrington is making me like Jon Snow character even though I never really enjoyed him in the books. KUDOS KIT!!
And Tyrion was awesome as well.
To all the nit pickers... lol
Awesome episode, best yet and I have a feeling they only get more amazing each week...
851	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-10	OK, this one's way past the normal cut-off point. Closing this one and will open up a new thread anon.
