nick	date	comment
1	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2012-04-03	So you don't have to read through 27 pages anymore.
Go!
2	Ran	2012-04-04	For those who are arguing the wolves -- they are real wolves the show is using. Not CGI models. They composite them into the scenes digitally. This is why their proportions are like those of real wolves.Proportion problems aside, these wolves look a lot more realistic than TV-grade models would have looked. I'm not complaining.
3	teemo	2012-04-04	I think the direwolves look awesome.  I can't ask for much more than that.  And the fact that they are totally going there with Bran and his dreams is just great.
4	Howdyphillip	2012-04-04	Happy EntThey are royalty. Well fed. And both are known as the most beautiful women in the realm. They should be beautiful.Whores are not. Not today, and not then. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m objecting to: the argument for gratuitous sex scenes from verisimilitude. Because the sex scenes we get are the opposite of verisimilitude. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s as if some cast members talked with a heavily Californian accent or used l33t sp33k. The sex scenes are cut out of a 90s soft porn movie. They scream â<U+0080><U+009C>this show is on meekly pseudo-raunchy American cable TV!!!â<U+0080><U+009D> and pull me right out of the experience.The character of Ros is not just an average street walker. She is a prostitute for Lords and Nobles. That is the only people we have ever seen sleeping with her. Of course she is going to be better looking than the norm if she is landing that kind of clientele.So actually, it functions very well from verisimilitude.To put it in a modern day equivalent, she would be one of the $5,000.00 escorts that  Eliot Spencer paid for rather than a $20 street walker.
5	seeyouintee	2012-04-04	For those who are arguing the wolves -- they are real wolves the show is using. Not CGI models. They composite them into the scenes digitally. This is why their proportions are like those of real wolves.Proportion problems aside, these wolves look a lot more realistic than TV-grade models would have looked. I'm not complaining.No pleasing some people. I'm just glad we're not dealing with season 1's dire puppies who all looked ready to harrass you for kibble rather than engage in direwolf badassery. I've got zero complaints with season 2 dire wolves.
6	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-04	For those who are arguing the wolves -- they are real wolves the show is using. Not CGI models. They composite them into the scenes digitally. This is why their proportions are like those of real wolves.Proportion problems aside, these wolves look a lot more realistic than TV-grade models would have looked. I'm not complaining.No pleasing some people. I'm just glad we're not dealing with season 1's dire puppies who all looked ready to harrass you for kibble rather than engage in direwolf badassery. I've got zero complaints with season 2 dire wolves.I would have liked the direwolves to look more harsh/ferocious than just a normal CG enlarged wolf. Perhaps with fur that clumps together making the fur look like triangular scales, kind of like we see on the direwolf head and neck that is on the HBO clothing and on some ppls avatars etc... I would have liked to see bigger teeth too.CG tools are quite mature by now and there should be enough people skilled with them to at least do more than enlarge a normal wolf in a way that doesnt blow the budget.But oh well... its done now. Im not too upset by it though.
7	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	I would have liked the direwolves to look more harsh/ferocious than just a normal CG enlarged wolf. Perhaps with fur that clumps together making the fur look like triangular scales, kind of like we see on the direwolf head and neck that is on the HBO clothing and on some ppls avatars etc... I would have liked to see bigger teeth too.CG tools are quite mature by now and there should be enough people skilled with them to at least do more than enlarge a normal wolf in a way that doesnt blow the budget.But oh well... its done now. Im not too upset by it though.I don't know what kind of budget the Twilight movies have but probably quite a bit, seeing how much money they have made. The LotR movies also had a great budget to make effects from. Both those series of movies have provided furry CGI creatures that look worse than Gray Wind and Ghost have looked in my view. Granted the show haven't had them in much action yet, which is a lot trickier, but if GoT had made them purely CGI they would likely have looked significantly worse in the scenes that have been in the first two episodes.As for the Stark emblem that's not supposed to mean that dire wolf fur is clumped together. Heraldic symbols are always simplistic drawings and that was just the simplistic way to show flowing fur and get a clear 'end' to the wolf's neck.I'm personally very pleasantly surprised with the quality of what they did with the dire wolves. I am of course able to immerse myself even if it had been CGI models of mediocre quality (that's after all the job of the viewer, to make an effort) but the job became much easier than I thought. I'm intrigued to see what tricks they will use when it comes down to more action oriented stuff.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 04 April 2012 - 10:02 AM.
8	PhoenixFlame	2012-04-04	With today's technology, it's time restraints that kill a lot of CGI. TV shows are on an even tighter timetable than films are. To me, it's a way smarter move not to waste resources on pure CGI wolves that will only look crappy.
9	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2012-04-04	My favorite CGI was the dragon. Holy crap. He was so awesome and natural and realistic looking. I loved that he was awkward and unbalanced. I loved the way he jumped into Dany's hand. He should be on Cuteoverload.
10	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	I love the wolves so much, I screamed of joy and jumped off my seat when i saw Grey Wind. I daughter looked at my as if I was crazy. Ghost will be awsome and Summer and Shaggydog too. can't wait to see them.
11	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	Grey Wind looked much better than the werewolves in Twilight. I hope we will see him in action  tearing people ect...
					
					
							Edited by ghost the direwolf, 04 April 2012 - 11:32 AM.
12	Francois Clegane	2012-04-04	Grey Wind looked much better than the werewolves in Twilight. I hope we will see him in action  tearing people ect...Indeed! I'm really looking forward to seeing Grey Wind in action!!!
13	Chise	2012-04-04	while you guys are all trading direwolves nitpicks... can we talk for a second about Craster?
just like Shae is clearly written as a Sand Snake, Craster is now clearly Manse.
No really, look at him again - instead of Late Lord Frey the remix we get this big healthy clean guy who speaks like he's in a radio-play. Thats Manse ( in my head at least when reading books) through and through!  .... at this rate, they'll have to up it up a notch and Manse will just be Sherlock or The Master
14	Mark Antony	2012-04-04	just watched it again and liked it a lot better than the first watch, still the Maester Cressen scenes were rushed imo but other than that no real complaints. I've already gotten over the Cersei/Littlefinger scene tbh.
15	tearloch	2012-04-04	I would have liked the direwolves to look more harsh/ferocious than just a normal CG enlarged wolf. Perhaps with fur that clumps together making the fur look like triangular scales, kind of like we see on the direwolf head and neck that is on the HBO clothing and on some ppls avatars etc... I would have liked to see bigger teeth too. CG tools are quite mature by now and there should be enough people skilled with them to at least do more than enlarge a normal wolf in a way that doesnt blow the budget. But oh well... its done now. Im not too upset by it though.I am a bit confused.  Where did GRRM ever describe HIS version of direwolves as anything other than really big versions of regular wolves?  This isn't a horror filck.  This isn't a video game.  IMHO, HBO is depicting the direwolves exactly has GRRM describes them in his books.
16	tearloch	2012-04-04	while you guys are all trading direwolves nitpicks... can we talk for a second about Craster? just like Shae is clearly written as a Sand Snake, Craster is now clearly Manse. No really, look at him again - instead of Late Lord Frey the remix we get this big healthy clean guy who speaks like he's in a radio-play. Thats Manse ( in my head at least when reading books) through and through! .... at this rate, they'll have to up it up a notch and Manse will just be Sherlock or The MasterI didn't like the HBO craster, but I definitely don't see Mance there.  I picture Mance being slim and trim, with some charisma....almost like a long lost Stark.  I did picture Craster is much dirtier, both in appearance and action.
17	Mista C	2012-04-04	During the scene when Joff is renovating the throne room, they clearly show the stained-glass window above the iron thone as being a seven-pointed orange and red star with clear glass all around it.  I was re-watching some Season 1 episodes yesterday and noticed that the stained-glass window above the iron throne was a very colorful design, which i couldn't really make out, but there was definately no star and it was way different.  (A good place to see it is in Episode 5 when Littlefinger and Varys have their discussion in the empty throne room).  I know that Joff tells the queen that he want's the room to look more like it belongs to a conqueror and not have vines and flowers, but would he really have changed out the windows as well?  I know that this is a ridiculous issue to even bring up, but it jumped right out at me becuase I had just re-watched S02/Ep1 and then watched S01/Ep5 right after, so I was like "What's up with the window above the iron throne, it's different".  Anyone else notice this?
18	Hyper	2012-04-04	I didn't like the HBO craster, but I definitely don't see Mance there.  I picture Mance being slim and trim, with some charisma....almost like a long lost Stark.  I did picture Craster is much dirtier, both in appearance and action.The Craster complaints are a bit weird to me. Yes, he is vile, and has a creepy personality. Does he also have to look that way? I personally appreciate some contrast instead of going for the typical clean & pretty = good, dirty & ugly = evil. Can't we move beyond that? This is one of the (few) areas where the book treads closer to typical fantasy character tropes, so I'll gladly accept a more nuanced portrayal.The contrast it provides against the scruffier looking Nights Watch is also nice.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 04 April 2012 - 01:09 PM.
19	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	while you guys are all trading direwolves nitpicks... can we talk for a second about Craster?just like Shae is clearly written as a Sand Snake, Craster is now clearly Manse.No really, look at him again - instead of Late Lord Frey the remix we get this big healthy clean guy who speaks like he's in a radio-play. Thats Manse ( in my head at least when reading books) through and through!  .... at this rate, they'll have to up it up a notch and Manse will just be Sherlock or The MasterWhy would one of the sand snakes be white? Seems like a stretch to make that fit together.And why would it be such a big thing that Craster isn't filthy? I just think it looks like he gets all the good things (proper baths, meals etc) while his wives are basically his property. I agree with Hyper that this is just breaking some stereotypes and shows that the people beyond the Wall are very varied and not just one bunch of savages.
20	Chise	2012-04-04	Why would one of the sand snakes be white? Seems like a stretch to make that fit together.And why would it be such a big thing that Craster isn't filthy?and why can't a Sand Snake be white exactly?  The show been veering off book so much, why can't ye old Dorne boy charm himself a Highgarden milkmaid and get a white daughter?as for Craster - ok, he doesn't need to be filthy looking, as in dirty. My bad. BUT he still doesn't sound or look creepy and bastardly and just batshit as the book version...  If the scene before didn't bring up daughter-fucking and the mystery of what happens to the sons... I never would have known the guy is batshit from the way he holds himselfWatch Frey - in first 5 seconds all the creep~factors are shown loud and clear. Craster, not so much
21	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	and why can't a Sand Snake be white exactly?  The show been veering off book so much, why can't ye old Dorne boy charm himself a Highgarden milkmaid and get a white daughter?as for Craster - ok, he doesn't need to be filthy looking, as in dirty. My bad. BUT he still doesn't sound or look creepy and bastardly and just batshit as the book version...  If the scene before didn't bring up daughter-fucking and the mystery of what happens to the sons... I never would have known the guy is batshit from the way he holds himselfWatch Frey - in first 5 seconds all the creep~factors are shown loud and clear. Craster, not so muchThat was just one of the points I thought made little sense. The producers said that they changed the character because they liked the actress (who is German and can't speak without an accent) and I can't imagine that they want to change the events of the end of ASOS.As for Craster, you give a perfectly good reason why he's not like that. Because he would be Walder Frey the second. Therefor I don't think it matters much. He still has insanely creepy habits and is not very pleasant to be around.
22	gramblor	2012-04-04	I think they did a phenomenal jobs with the direwolves. I saw the Grey Wind scene and the Ghost scene from Episode 2, although you can tell that they aren't actually there, they did an incredible job and I couldn't have hoped for anything better.
23	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	What i did not like  was the fact that he was very well dressed for someone living beyond the wall. his wives were not. He looked like a lord. More LC the  the actual LC.
24	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	really iGhost is in episode 2. Thisweek is really going  slowly  iI wich it was Monday already.
25	DaveSumm	2012-04-04	I always pictured Craster as pretty clean......given that he has dozens of daughter/wife's waiting on him hand and foot. If I had to pick fault, it'd be that he didn't seem quite as begrudging of the NW as in the book, where you clearly get the impression that if it weren't for the Gods he keeps, he wouldn't even entertain housing them all at his house.
All this direwolf talk.........not enough talk of how Drogon looked AMAZING. I literally couldn't pick fault with it, it was one of the most flawless bits of CG I've ever seen.
26	GreenAppleFossoway	2012-04-04	Does anyone else think that they are building up Ros to take the place of Chataya? Also I noticed they cut out Tyrion moving Shae to a random brothel as soon as he gets to KL. I hope they are able to fully portray Tyrion's cunning and super sneaky-ness. WTF was with that whole Craster-Jon stuff? All that happened in the book was Craster saying "This one has the look of a Stark." Guess they need to give you a reason to hate Craster, besides the whole molesting all of his children/doing something shady with the male children. I think if they had made Craster as weird looking as I do from the book, plus having those lines, people would just say WTF Jeor, why would you take this guy's advice? The way they showed him, he just looked like a really crappy Lord, or even a Ser. Definatly not one of the free-people.
27	Humble Asskicker	2012-04-04	Episode 11 turned out to be brilliant, nearly flawless, but I think I enjoy this thread even more.
Some of the objections raised are absolutely hilarious. My favorites so far are the 'Craster's just not filthy enough!' objection (because an incestuous wildling shouldn't be capable of grooming himself, and of course...IT'S UNLIKE THE BOOK CRASTER - UNNECESSARY CHANGE, UNNECESSARY CHANGE!!!); also the objection where one of the commentors absolutely lost their shit over Dany's horse dying. Just try reading that in the Comic Book Guy's voice. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Next favorite objection: the outrage over the Cersie/Littlefinger scene. It was an awesome scene that altered their characters for the better. It made Littlefinger less of a demigod omniscent plotter and more human. And it continued to make Cersei's character far more interesting and entertaining than in the books. But it's not book Cersei or Littlefinger, so it completely ruins everything and diminishes the quality of the show by a factor of warp ten!
Most confusing objection: that the direwolf looked too CGI, because I honestly could not see it. It looked about as realistic as you could get.
Also enjoying reading the numerous temper tantrums over Catelyn's change - another change from the books that is for the better, although not from the nitpicker's POV.
Anyway, couldn't help tweaking some noses, though it's probably unnecessary because enough people are perfectly capable of working themselves up in a lather on their own. Nitpickers make the barren hours absent a new GoT episode worth living. There's no way to say this without coming off as condescening, because, well, it is condescening, but thank you guys so much, and please continue unleashing the rage.
Can't wait to see what other sacriligeous, ruinous changes the show is going to make in the future. Just so long as Renly takes only a single bite from his peach, because two bites would be not only gratuitous but destroy all the good will I have towards the show. No bites at all is just beyond contemplating, as it would circumvent the entire significance of the series as a whole.
28	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-04	Most confusing objection: that the direwolf looked too CGI, because I honestly could not see it. It looked about as realistic as you could get.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s because they were real, not CGI.  They were real canines (and perhaps even at least partly Canus lupus of the non-familiaris variety) in a composited scene, but blown up larger.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why they had the wrong proportions. They have the proportions of a creature of far less mass than they should have had at their projected size.  Stockier legs and such. Compare the silhouettes of a housecat and a tiger at the same size to see what I mean. However, that would have been extremely difficult to fix, because now you really would need CGI, which would have been really expensive and surely wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have looked as good as the real thing unless they put Gollum-levels of money into it.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 04 April 2012 - 05:50 PM.
29	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s because they were real, not CGI.  They were real canines (and perhaps even at least partly Canus lupus of the non-familiaris variety) in a composited scene, but blown up larger.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why they had the wrong proportions. They have the proportions of a creature of far less mass than they should have had at their projected size.  Stockier legs and such. Compare the silhouettes of a housecat and a tiger at the same size to see what I mean.However, that would have been extremely difficult to fix, because now you really would need CGI, which would have been really expensive and surely wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have looked as good as the real thing unless they put Gollum-levels of money into it.Yes, and the dire wolves in ASOIAF still don't look like the dire wolves in our history, nor are they seemingly thought up with a fully realistic base, so there's not any great story incentive to fiddle with the wolves they are using.
30	Hyper	2012-04-04	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s because they were real, not CGI.  They were real canines (and perhaps even at least partly Canus lupus of the non-familiaris variety) in a composited scene, but blown up larger.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why they had the wrong proportions. They have the proportions of a creature of far less mass than they should have had at their projected size.  Stockier legs and such. Compare the silhouettes of a housecat and a tiger at the same size to see what I mean.Nice job on agreeing and then missing the point in one fell swoop.As far as thickness of legs, it's a silly nitpick to make. Besides, many larger animals have remarkably slender legs for the mass/size they are carrying. Horses, Giraffes, and Moose are prime examples.
31	Milk Steak	2012-04-04	I thought Craster looked so healthy was a good choice for television. He's in a dire place where every other wildling has fled. The conditions are so harsh that even the Night's Watch looks haggard. Here in the middle of all this misery is Craster fat and happy? How is he doing so well? Why hasn't he fled from the same dangers? It's not exactly a fortress and he seems unconcerned by attacks, supernatural or not. To first time viewers all this would give a distinct impression that something is very off here. Things just don't add up and that is what the show wants. If your purpose is to give a sense to tv viewers that Craster has pulled a Faust than the choice is a smart one.
32	boojam	2012-04-05	For those who are arguing the wolves -- they are real wolves the show is using. Not CGI models. They composite them into the scenes digitally. This is why their proportions are like those of real wolves.Proportion problems aside, these wolves look a lot more realistic than TV-grade models would have looked. I'm not complaining.That is interesting and has been done before, but I did not know they had used Canis lupus as the base model, tho I know Grey wolves are available as 'animal actors'.Now Canis dirus is larger than Canis lupus, but not by a lot. Still having looked at the great fossil collection in LA they do have more massive heads , well in a way, they are more massive and a bit taller than Grey wolves.In the cases on the show the heads looked right, in the scene with Jamie the shoulder height looked right too.Still can't tell if they have the right morphology compared to the modern wolf, we don't see a long or medium , well a clear one, of their side profile.Not making them monstrous is the correct touch. That dead one in the first season was too big, but then wasn't it Theon who said it was freakish?Grey wolves were faster and out competed the dire in our world.George's world seems a little different.(We have yet to see , even in the books?, I think, a Shadow Cat, was thinking the American Lion (Panthera atrox ) would make a great model , they were 25 percent larger than the modern African lion. )
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 April 2012 - 05:52 AM.
33	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-05	Episode 11 turned out to be brilliant, nearly flawless, but I think I enjoy this thread even more.Some of the objections raised are absolutely hilarious. My favorites so far are the 'Craster's just not filthy enough!' objection (because an incestuous wildling shouldn't be capable of grooming himself, and of course...IT'S UNLIKE THE BOOK CRASTER - UNNECESSARY CHANGE, UNNECESSARY CHANGE!!!); also the objection where one of the commentors absolutely lost their shit over Dany's horse dying. Just try reading that in the Comic Book Guy's voice. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Next favorite objection: the outrage over the Cersie/Littlefinger scene. It was an awesome scene that altered their characters for the better. It made Littlefinger less of a demigod omniscent plotter and more human. And it continued to make Cersei's character far more interesting and entertaining than in the books. But it's not book Cersei or Littlefinger, so it completely ruins everything and diminishes the quality of the show by a factor of warp ten!Most confusing objection: that the direwolf looked too CGI, because I honestly could not see it. It looked about as realistic as you could get.Also enjoying reading the numerous temper tantrums over Catelyn's change - another change from the books that is for the better, although not from the nitpicker's POV.Anyway, couldn't help tweaking some noses, though it's probably unnecessary because enough people are perfectly capable of working themselves up in a lather on their own. Nitpickers make the barren hours absent a new GoT episode worth living. There's no way to say this without coming off as condescening, because, well, it is condescening, but thank you guys so much, and please continue unleashing the rage.Can't wait to see what other sacriligeous, ruinous changes the show is going to make in the future. Just so long as Renly takes only a single bite from his peach, because two bites would be not only gratuitous but destroy all the good will I have towards the show. No bites at all is just beyond contemplating, as it would circumvent the entire significance of the series as a whole.My other "favorite" is Ros gearing up to take the place of Arya/Jeyne Poole. Amazing....lol
34	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2012-04-05	Okay, I wasn't going to post because these threads were making me want to scratch my eyes out, but Humble Asskicker saved the day. I can't even begin to contemplate the reaction if Renly and Margaery start fucking like dogs. Anyways, I might as well join the fray.I continue to think Jack Gleeson is the greatest thing to ever hit television. That kid is seriously fucking brilliant. Not only was he wonderful in the Ser Dontos scene ('did you like that?), but the throneroom scene with Cersei was totally amazing. I thought Lena Heady was really fantastic in that scene as well, because you could see Cersei trying to remain calm and keep a straight face, while also 1) having her heart crushed by her own son, and 2) realizing just a little bit that she has no control over her son and he is in fact a monster.I thought they did a good job of sticking to GRRMs love of parallelism, since the violent, cruel, and twisted mother-son interaction of Joffery and Cersei was preceded by the scene with Robb and Catelyn, where Catelyn respects her son's role as king and Robb comforts and supports his mother, exhibiting just how a loyal and loving family is supposed to operate. God, those poor Starks.As for Cersei, I thought the Cersei/Littlefinger scene was fine. The Littlefinger in action there was the exact same Littlefinger we saw throughout the first season, a creepy, information hoarding, extremely confident douche. The show has to have him be like that for reasons of suspense, otherwise, when we get to the big Littlefinger 'reveal,' the audience will have been totally thrown for a loop and will likely be pissed and WTFing. What he says with Cersei is perfectly in line with what he said to Renly at the joust and what he revealed to Varys. On top of that, the fantastic 'power is power' line in that scene was one of my favorite parts of the episode.One other thing about Cersei. Her dress at the beginning of the episode in the small council meeting was so gorgeous I could hardly pay attention to what was going on. I kept wanting her to get up so I could see the whole thing. (Also another nice contrast with Catelyn who was still wearing that same green dress). Overall, the costumes were stellar. Joffery's outfit was stunning. They've really raised the bar this time. If they don't get nominated for costume awards I am going to go on a rampage.The design in general was impressive, as was to be expected, what with the giant wooden statues of the Seven, Craster's Keep, and the map table at Dragonstone. Very cool stuff.I felt fine with the wolves, especially because I was too busy being damn relieved that they didn't look like the Twilight wolves. I barely had time to register whether or not they met the actual laws of physics in their confirmation, even! Crazy, I know. I've already said it, but the dragon - holy shit. I want one! Baby Drogon looked totally convincing to me, very real. Definitely better than Newborn Drogon from last year. I hope we get lots of dragon appearances in the rest of the season because I was so blown over by that one minute.Craster was fine with me, and his keep was sufficiently perverted. I have to disagree with most complainers and with Milk Steak, although I like his thinking. There is no way in hell that any non-book reader will look at Craster and think he is fat and happy and clean. Get real, people.I'm fine with Ros being the new Chataya. No problem. I even liked that they referrenced the infamous sexposition scene from last year. Very tongue in cheek.The bastard slaughter at the end was great - I didn't see it coming at all and it was pretty heart-rending. That one gut-twisting scene with the Guard carrying the infant by its leg, oh my fucking god. I also liked that one guardsman refused to kill the baby and was weeping in a later scene. My assumption that he'll be Jacelyn Bywater. And the switchover to Gendry was perfectly done. I can't wait to see more of his and Arya's story.
35	Buckwheat	2012-04-05	I have not seen much comment about Brandon and random Northern lord scene - what was that about? Who was that guy, really? I got the feeling that this scene was important only to hear Luwin say that a Lord must sometimes listen to what he does not want to.
36	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2012-04-05	I have not seen much comment about Brandon and random Northern lord scene - what was that about? Who was that guy, really? I got the feeling that this scene was important only to hear Luwin say that a Lord must sometimes listen to what he does not want to.To me it seemed like a way to establish for viewers what the situation was in Winterfell, with no parents and elder siblings. Also as a way to indicate how all the strong and able bodied men have been pulled out of the north, which will of course be relevent when Theon comes.
37	HokieStone	2012-04-05	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why they had the wrong proportions. They have the proportions of a creature of far less mass than they should have had at their projected size.  Stockier legs and such. Compare the silhouettes of a housecat and a tiger at the same size to see what I mean.There's lots of things in the books/show that break various laws of nature - the size of the wall, the random season length, dragons, etc.   Skinny legs on the direwolves is low on the list...
38	int11	2012-04-05	I have not seen much comment about Brandon and random Northern lord scene - what was that about? Who was that guy, really? I got the feeling that this scene was important only to hear Luwin say that a Lord must sometimes listen to what he does not want to.I think the scene accomplished quite a lot, actually. It shows that Bran is still in Winterfell, that his family is gone, that he wants to do/be something/somewhere else, that many men have left the north due to the war, that the war is not only affecting the south, it reminds us of Stark's position as liege lord, and it serves as a segue to the wolf stuff, which in turn is nicely followed by the scene with Osha, Hodor and Bran.
39	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-05	I think the scene accomplished quite a lot, actually. It shows that Bran is still in Winterfell, that his family is gone, that he wants to do/be something/somewhere else, that many men have left the north due to the war, that the war is not only affecting the south, it reminds us of Stark's position as liege lord, and it serves as a segue to the wolf stuff, which in turn is nicely followed by the scene with Osha, Hodor and Bran.Not sure about this...in the books it also has a logical follow up because the Reeds show up and they teach him about warging etc. etc. Without the Reeds, Bran listening to Northern lords could have been cut. They could have jumped straight to the dream sequence since Osha is the replacement of the Reeds as tutors. It would still show that Bran is alone in Winterfell. Plus, this would have made room for a better introduction to Dragonstone (stannis reading ned's letter for instance), something which could have been handled better.
40	MegasAV	2012-04-05	Just rewatched Ep 201 on HBOGO, and I know it's nitpicking but I very much would have liked if in Season 1 Episode 10 they left in Tywin's full comment about all the follies that he percieves King Joffrey has commited in terms of relieving Ser Barriston Selmy of service.  I very much enjoyed in COK when Tyrion brings up to Cersei the possibility of Ser Barriston joining one of the other Kings forces, and Cersei not even considering that possibility and that fact that Barriston has such a powerful name being such a storied knight.  But overall still a very enjoyable episode and the visuals and cinematography are really first rate IMHO.
41	Gronzag	2012-04-05	(Post deleted)
					
					
							Edited by Gronzag, 05 April 2012 - 07:00 PM.
42	Hyper	2012-04-05	The forum admins are not happy about any talk about episode 2 until Sunday. And why the heck are you writing about episode 2 in an episode 1 sub-forum? Show some common sense.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 05 April 2012 - 06:46 PM.
43	Gronzag	2012-04-05	The forum admins are not happy about any talk about episode 2 until Sunday. And why the heck are you writing about episode 2 in an episode 1 sub-forum? Show some common sense.Even though the name of the thread is Ep 201 Discusion part 2, most of the talk is about dire wolves... and so was my post! But, yeah, you'r right i shouldn't be writing about unaired episode so i 'deleted' my post
44	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-05	I just watched Thronecast for Ep1. And part of the monologue reminded me of what I thought was one of the stupidist bits of dialogue in the show: when Shae says the city smells of cum. Especially funny that he sprayed deodorant around his crotch after runing through Shae's list of smells. Reminded me that there's some dumb dialogue in this series, and without too many exceptions the best dialogue is the stuff pulled straight from the books. After all other than cum the list of odours Shae lists would have been totally fitting, and still would have been enough to make her horny. Adding cum just made it corny.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 05 April 2012 - 11:59 PM.
45	DannySpud	2012-04-06	I just watched Thronecast for Ep1. And part of the monologue reminded me of what I thought was one of the stupidist bits of dialogue in the show: when Shae says the city smells of cum. Especially funny that he sprayed deodorant around his crotch after runing through Shae's list of smells. Reminded me that there's some dumb dialogue in this series, and without too many exceptions the best dialogue is the stuff pulled straight from the books. After all other than cum the list of odours Shae lists would have been totally fitting, and still would have been enough to make her horny. Adding cum just made it corny.I forgot about that line, that did annoy me. I don't really like show-Shae, she doesn't really have the Tysha 2.0 feel that I got from book-Shae. At the moment I can't see the court scene next season being that heartbreaking. She needs to be less "cum" and more "giant of Lannister".
46	tearloch	2012-04-06	I think the scene accomplished quite a lot, actually. It shows that Bran is still in Winterfell, that his family is gone, that he wants to do/be something/somewhere else, that many men have left the north due to the war, that the war is not only affecting the south, it reminds us of Stark's position as liege lord, and it serves as a segue to the wolf stuff, which in turn is nicely followed by the scene with Osha, Hodor and Bran.I think it also shows a nice contrast to Joffrey....Bran is thoughtful, even as a child, while Joffrey is petulant and sinister.  I definitely miss the Reed's already.  Their speech to Bran, declaring their loyalty, was one of the most moving dialogues in the book.
47	Chelly	2012-04-06	I just watched Thronecast for Ep1. And part of the monologue reminded me of what I thought was one of the stupidist bits of dialogue in the show: when Shae says the city smells of cum. Especially funny that he sprayed deodorant around his crotch after runing through Shae's list of smells. Reminded me that there's some dumb dialogue in this series, and without too many exceptions the best dialogue is the stuff pulled straight from the books. After all other than cum the list of odours Shae lists would have been totally fitting, and still would have been enough to make her horny. Adding cum just made it corny.Lol! I thought she was saying "cumin", an herb which is also used for cooking and has a distinct odor. At first I thought I heard "cum" but I figured her accent just made it sound like that. She goes on about some other cooking aromas, so I came to the conclusion that I misheard because its a totally ridiculous thing to say. I could be wrong, though.If that's the case, what a horrible line. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
48	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-06	Why did they make the Direwolves so huge compare to serie 1? Is it because the fans complained? because really it is not like years have passed between the end of season 1 and the begining of season 2. Drogon is still small but suddenlly the wolves have  doubled in size. I am not complaining about their size, just wondering.
49	Aoife	2012-04-06	Why would one of the sand snakes be white? Seems like a stretch to make that fit together.Tyene Sand would like to have a word with you.*Well, probably more than that, depending on how one defines white and how the younger girls appear. Oberyn and Ellaria can both be read as pretty darn white, so I'm guessing that their children might, too.* It's possible for none of the ten (Oberyn, Ellaria, 8 Sand Snakes) to actually be white, but it's not out of the realms of possibility, either.
50	legba11	2012-04-06	The Direwolves were big because two of them (including the runt) are actively involved in combat now.  It would look kind of silly to have a 50 lb puppy being the thing tearing apart armored war horses.  Martin plays very fast and loose with time frames and it seems the show will as well.  I am ok with this as story telling supersedes reality.  If you really want to see this, ask what the heck Arya and Team Night's Watch has been doing in all this time which passed.   They've gotten like a day's journey away from King's Landing at this point.
51	lostinwesteros	2012-04-06	@Jetboygirl - Thanks!  Sometimes I get so bogged down in reading page after page that by the time I get to the end, I have no idea what I think or want to say.
@Ran - Thanks for the info on the direwolves.  I'm like 'Ghost the Direwolf' (Reply #10 above), I was so excited to see Grey Wind way up past Robb's waist.  I WANT them to strike raw, naked fear into everyone who opposes the Starks!  But, I also think I'd read somewhere over the summer that they were to be digital, so I didn't realize they were real - well, nearly real.  I loved them.
The one 'complaint' I did have about the first show, Season 2, (that I forgot to mention when I'd posted earlier this week), is that "The night is dark and full of terrors" never really bothered me that much while I was flying through all of the books just to see what happened next.  But being on the forum threads has made me aware of just how often Mel did say it, and when I was watching this first episode, I thought I'd go mad hearing Mel say it over and over and over, just driving it in the ground.  I also thought that, perhaps in an HBO effort to make her super-sexy, she just looked sort of ridiculous and over the top - half expected her to start batting her eyelashes dramatically any minute.  But then, I'm definitely not a fan of Mel anyway, so perhaps that's tainted my assessment of her in this first episode.  
That said, I must confess that I watched the first showing at 9, the next at 10, and the next at 11.  The rest of it was just SO super!
					
					
							Edited by House of White and White, 06 April 2012 - 06:00 PM.
52	RoamingRonin	2012-04-06	If I can recall correctly, Cersei only had two of Robert's kids killed in King's Landing. One was the baby from the whorehouse (her mother included) and another child I can't really remember. Am I remembering wrong? Robert was supposed to only have 16 kids in the book. Seems like half of them died in the show (others were probably just rumored to be his. Completely innocent. Sad!) The show can change how many he had, sure, but I just want to be sure I have what happened in the books right...
					
					
							Edited by RoamingRonin, 06 April 2012 - 06:15 PM.
53	Ser Plissken	2012-04-06	The one 'complaint' I did have about the first show, Season 2, (that I forgot to mention when I'd posted earlier this week), is that "The night is dark and full of terrors" never really bothered me that much while I was flying through all of the books just to see what happened next.  But being on the forum threads has made me aware of just how often Mel did say it, and when I was watching this first episode, I thought I'd go mad hearing Mel say it over and over and over, just driving it in the ground.Don't worry about it.  After all, words are wind... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
54	seeyouintee	2012-04-06	Lol! I thought she was saying "cumin", an herb which is also used for cooking and has a distinct odor. At first I thought I heard "cum" but I figured her accent just made it sound like that. She goes on about some other cooking aromas, so I came to the conclusion that I misheard because its a totally ridiculous thing to say. I could be wrong, though.If that's the case, what a horrible line. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />I died laughing at "cumin" mishear. =POT: I don't know why everyone is upset by the script here. The chemistry between the actors seemed slightly awkward, and it's a slight alteration from her character in the books, but it's perfectly understandable that Tyrion would be enchanted by someone who was more brash, blunt and foul-mouthed than bookShae. He, himself, calls Jon 'Bastard' despite the fact that he likes Jon. He's bluntly self-deprecating in portraying himself as the same as a bastard. In fact, he seems to hate euphemisms, so if Shae is any good at her trade she would have some idea how to make Tyrion like her.
55	legba11	2012-04-07	I look TV Shae way more than book Shae (who I find a boring waste of catch phrases).  The smell of cum line seemed an "HBO!" moment.  They seem compelled to show off their differences from the cable networks which are now producing the top quality dramas that used to be HBO's selling point.  
On the upside, Game of Thrones's lifespan may well be extended by these attacks on HBO's territory of serious, top quality dramas.  No cable network could do Game if Thrones.
56	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-07	Tyene Sand would like to have a word with you.*Well, probably more than that, depending on how one defines white and how the younger girls appear. Oberyn and Ellaria can both be read as pretty darn white, so I'm guessing that their children might, too.* It's possible for none of the ten (Oberyn, Ellaria, 8 Sand Snakes) to actually be white, but it's not out of the realms of possibility, either.In AFFC, I'm pretty GRRM describes Lady Nym having skin as white as milk.  I don't remember who her mother was, though.
57	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-07	lol I didn't even realize she said cum, I thought she said something like scum. Probably just wasn't pay enough attention.
58	LuisDantas	2012-04-07	@RoamingRonin: I believe Cersei is uncertain about the identities of the bastards and decided to kill anyone who might  be a bastard from Robert.  Of course, most of those aren't even in King's Landing, but she is trying her best anyway.
I don't think she will attempt to kill Edric Storm, but I am not sure Edric even exists in the tv continuity...
59	The Sleeper	2012-04-08	As I understood it, it's Joffrey killing the bastards in the show.
60	LuisDantas	2012-04-08	Some people think it is Joffrey.  I don't understand why.  For one thing,  Joffrey  lacks the information about where to find the bastards.  For another, it would require a bit of research and planning that goes against the grain of his whining ways.
61	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-08	One thing I thought was odd, during the purge of Robert's bastards, they had a shot where there was a crowd trying to push through a barrier of guards, whilst a baby was carried across, I didn't really get why they had that.
62	iheartseverus	2012-04-08	One thing I thought was odd, during the purge of Robert's bastards, they had a shot where there was a crowd trying to push through a barrier of guards, whilst a baby was carried across, I didn't really get why they had that.My take was that the guards snatched that baby and killed it, right there in public.  The crowd is enraged enough to rise up in anger, even against armed and brutal Lannister guards--which means trouble is coming for the ruling class.  When enough ordinary people become angry enough, no rulers can stand against them for long.
63	Chelly	2012-04-08	Yes, pretty much sowing the seeds for the riot that will happen later after Myrcella is sent to Dorne. Not only is the king a tyrant, they are hungry, the king and his council are not lifting a finger to help them, a war is going on, rumors(or rather truths) are spreading about the Lannisters, and to top it off they slaughtered a bunch of innocent babies and children. If I were one of the commoners in KL, I would be pretty enraged at this point too.
If anything, its to foreshadow the future riot and I can't be the only one looking forward to Joff getting shit flung at his face and of course, "BROTHERFUCKER!".
64	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-08	My take was that the guards snatched that baby and killed it, right there in public.  The crowd is enraged enough to rise up in anger, even against armed and brutal Lannister guards--which means trouble is coming for the ruling class.  When enough ordinary people become angry enough, no rulers can stand against them for long.I assumed that was the reason for it but I thought it was pretty strange
65	iheartseverus	2012-04-08	I assumed that was the reason for it but I thought it was pretty strangeEveryone has their own take on things, of course.  But to me, that seemed a very important moment--until now, all the problems and issues of the Westeros 'ruling classes,' the Lannisters, Starks, Baratheons, etc. have revolved around themselves and their peers, their own power games with and against one another.  But now, with that single scene, we see a whole huge segment of the population that has largely been ignored by the ruling classes, until now.  The people.  And the people are enraged.
66	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-08	Why did they make the Direwolves so huge compare to serie 1? Is it because the fans complained? because really it is not like years have passed between the end of season 1 and the begining of season 2. Drogon is still small but suddenlly the wolves have  doubled in size. I am not complaining about their size, just wondering.Remember that the direwolves are considerably older than the dragon hatchlings, and that  a canine grows a great deal in his first year, very quickly. The hatchlings are all just newborns right now; the wolf cubs are not. Dragons in A Song of Ice and Fire apparently have a growth rate that is directly tied to how much they are fed, and perhaps also to whether  they are caged or free.
67	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-08	Everyone has their own take on things, of course.  But to me, that seemed a very important moment--until now, all the problems and issues of the Westeros 'ruling classes,' the Lannisters, Starks, Baratheons, etc. have revolved around themselves and their peers, their own power games with and against one another.  But now, with that single scene, we see a whole huge segment of the population that has largely been ignored by the ruling classes, until now.  The people.  And the people are enraged.True but I was annoyed because the peasants in the book don't get enraged because of the killing of children?
68	RoamingRonin	2012-04-08	As I understood it, it's Joffrey killing the bastards in the show.Some people think it is Joffrey.  I don't understand why.  For one thing,  Joffrey  lacks the information about where to find the bastards.  For another, it would require a bit of research and planning that goes against the grain of his whining ways.I think it's Joffery's idea being carried out by Cersei.One thing I thought was odd, during the purge of Robert's bastards, they had a shot where there was a crowd trying to push through a barrier of guards, whilst a baby was carried across, I didn't really get why they had that.The Gold Cloak was carrying the baby away... presumably to kill it. It was filmed that way for dramatic effect. Sort of like how we first see Cersei's eye through a bird cage. Or the Direwolf circling Jamie's cage.
					
					
							Edited by RoamingRonin, 08 April 2012 - 06:29 PM.
69	DannySpud	2012-04-08	True but I was annoyed because the peasants in the book don't get enraged because of the killing of children?Yeah, but don't we not see the killings in the books? I quite like the unrest as a little hint of things to come. (Was anyone else reminded of the Hunger Games?)
70	bloodymime	2012-04-10	I was watching this again and a line sounded odd to me out of the Night Watch scene where Craster is mocking Mormont and the Old Bear looks at him and says 'we chose different paths'. What's that about? I know Craster was born from a wildling and crow so maybe it's saying they gave him a chance to join the Watch and he refused but it sounded more personal than that. I wouldn't have thought of Mormont as a ranger before he became LC, he doesn't come across being too familiar with the land beyond the wall as well as how late in his life he joined so i wouldn't expect him to know Craster.
The crazy thought I had seeing them sit next to each other was how much they looked alike in their builds with Craster looking like he could be Mormont's younger brother. Maybe it's nothing at all but i could see see them fleshing out Mormont's role a bit considering what a great actor they got to play him. He's going to die all too soon as it is.
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 10 April 2012 - 09:29 AM.
71	Lady Katherine	2012-04-10	oops, posted to the wrong topic
					
					
							Edited by katpete66, 10 April 2012 - 06:28 PM.
72	Ikurai	2012-04-10	That's when he was a 15-year-old boy -- or, I guess, early 20 in the show. Still, a young man, without a lot of experience or maturity. It's 17 years on. He's been a veteran of the court. His star was fixed to Jon Arryn, but he learned to be everyone's friend and no man's enemy, etc.That one mistake with Brandon, that thwarted love for Catelyn, is a large part of what motivates him to be the man he is. To have him so very easily snap over it -- it's not "teasing" to tell the queen she sleeps with her brother -- is just not something the character, either in the book or the TV show, ought to really do. Not without far more provocation than Cersei acting snooty and superior. People have been snooty and superior to Littlefinger for most of his life -- he lets them, it's part of the game with them, and (as he says in the first season) it's how he operates.I'm never going to be convinced that it's not a bad scene. It's ham-fisted, and it's not necessary in any way.Hey Ran,Thanks for the reply and sorry I was so late in getting back to you. I have been quite busy lately!Anyway, two points. Firstly, I never said he was teasing anyone. LF never does anything for no reason (even though his reasons in this case were clearly not thought out properly). I said and still say that it was a poorly veiled threat. However, it wasn't as serious a mistake as you are making out. Remember that they altered the time-line of Stannis's letter reaching people - Robb had seen it before he sent his peace offer. I believe this scene happened after that so we can assume that it had reached KL as well by then. Hence, not only did the privileged people know but the common people were discussing it as well. In other words, LF wasn't disclosing a national secret as he was saying nothing that Stannis hadn't said before him. While it was still a mistake that he made (that you are harping on about) by underestimating Cersei and perhaps feeling he could use her somehow by manipulating his knowledge, it wasn't as serious a mistake as all that (although admittedly it could have had disastrous consequences). Now I don't see how LF trying to get Cersei under his thumb was so character-breaking. We don't know his plans yet but he seemed interested in sharing power with Ned in AGoT and only double-crossed him when Ned wasn't interested. Anyway, I accept that it (quite obviously) wasn't one of those suave moves we expect from LF but let's not blow it out of proportion here... Martin never intended LF to be portrayed as a God that can do no wrong. Speaking as someone who deals with cold and calculating people a lot, even they aren't machines. And this is exactly what I believe Martin wants us to understand - he wants the characters to feel real. In a famous quote, he once said "Even Hitler loved dogs!" So PLEASE, don't think LF character is ruined because he made one mistake - everyone makes a few.Secondly, where did I ever say he got angry because Cersei acted snooty and superior? Maybe you ought to read my post again. I understand it is quite long and it may be hard for you to concentrate the whole time. /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' />Anyway, I can't force you to like the scene or accept it. I am trying to get you to understand that people may like the scene for reasons you can not discredit offhand (even though you may not agree with them). Another of those dilemmas of life- there are so few right or wrong roads.... Only roads we take and the ones we don't. But we may be going into philosophy there. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />BTW, the time stamp is wrong as I could not reply to that quote due to the thread being locked but the quote is yours word for word.
					
					
							Edited by Ikurai, 10 April 2012 - 08:06 PM.
73	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-03-15	So I'm re-watching S2 on Blu-Ray and thought I'd comment on each episode w/ their respective special features as I go. Yes, I know there's a general S2 blu-ray thread, but it's a long and unwieldy beast. I'm wondering what people think about each episode after a second viewing and w/ the added bonus of the commentaries, histories, maps, etc.I'd almost forgotten how good this episode was. Almost. And David & D.B. gave a really enjoyable commentary. These guys really are dedicated to preserving the story experience for fans--so much so that they even discuss later S2 episodes in code just in case someone is listening that hasn't seen all of S2 yet.I really enjoyed the histories and how they coincided w/ specific scenes and characters. They had these on S1, but weren't integrated in to the episodes like this. I like this way much better as it gives re-watching the episodes an element of freshness, waiting for that icon to blink red w/ a new bit of story for you. And also doing the same events from different characters' POVs was a stroke of genius!
74	Ran	2012-04-01	How would you rate episode 201?
75	Nathan Storm	2012-04-01	Really well done. I agree with Lord Handsome on the pace, but this series generally leaves me wanting more.
76	BondJamesBond	2012-04-01	Yes, I truly did not realize how completely horrid the little s&$) Joffrey is.  I knew he was bad, but Gleeson just hammers that point home brilliantly.  This episode does a great job of defining the dramatic tension and keeping it simple.  There are so many intricate, rich subtleties in the books that we forget the simple, powerful central story.
Also, Robb's dire wolf is massive!  I was shocked to see the size of that beast.  I'm glad they went the extra mile and made them as unnaturally large as they are in the books, a tough feat for TV!
					
					
							Edited by BondJamesBond, 01 April 2012 - 09:18 PM.
77	Bozworth	2012-04-01	I gave it a solid 7, but I actually make use of the 10-point scale.  So that's not too bad...  definitely not C-.  More like a B.
I think it's about as good as you could expect from a season opener.  It's basically just setting things up.
I actually liked the Cersei/LF scene quite well.  I think it fits into the narrative.
As far as the bastard killing...  well done.  I just hope they keep that on Cersei and don't push it off on Joffrey.  It's not yet clear, but it seems like they may go that way.
And Jack Gleeson is truly one of the most unsung heroes of this series.  I love everything about his Joffrey.
Edit:  Watching again.  I'm thinking they're going to do Theon's storyline great justice.
					
					
							Edited by Bozworth, 01 April 2012 - 09:44 PM.
78	Ygritte's fur	2012-04-01	Sorry--double post.
					
					
							Edited by Ygritte's fur, 02 April 2012 - 06:30 AM.
79	Ygritte's fur	2012-04-01	I gave it a 7. It would've been hard for the show to meet the level of anticipation, but it felt unnecessarily plodding. And I thought some of the emphasis was odd (drawn out Ros/whorehouse scene over more dread-building at Craster's Keep?), that said I do see the point about the first episode setting things up. 
The last Robb scene was very slow. But I never cared so much about his war stuff and today, before the show came on, I couldn't even remember his name. 
Totally digging the actor playing the Onion Knight. Even though I never loved the Stannis parts it was exciting to see his posse in the flesh. I think Melisandre was chosen for her acting chops (versus strict similarity appearance wise. Yet she is "cool looking" per my husband. 
But total let down on Craster's Keep! I re-read that chapter today: what a great build up of dread and horror I always felt in the Jon chapters, especially that one. On TV it was just kinda weird, like they were in Appalachia. 
However, the Tyrion/Cersei scene was awesome. And I can't wait for more of that. 
(null)
80	lomiller	2012-04-01	Gave it a 7.  The packing felt awkward with them introducing so many story lines without having time to do much with any of them.
81	Ravenhair	2012-04-01	Maybe a 3 or 4.  If GRRM wanted to rewrite his books, he could have published AGOT alternate universe.  Jack Gleeson did do a magnificent job.  Richard Madden did as well, but all in all, Jack Gleeson owned the episode.
82	Baitac	2012-04-01	Producers didn't capture decrepit frozan haunted mansion feel of Craster's keep. Too many chairs, clean and lucid Craster. Not the total chaos of chickens living indoors and utter disaster with too many people and filth. Maybe they spruced the place up in expectations of having visitors.
83	Zios	2012-04-01	I would give it a 7(pollwise) but really a 7.5, which is pretty good in my book. I enjoyed many scenes including Robb/Jaime, LF/Cersei. Jack Gleeson does Joffrey's character justice which I'm happy about.  Looking forward to next ep.
84	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-01	If I had never read the book, I'd say it was great, but there were so many little changes that didn't seem like they needed to be made.  A partial list:
1.)  Changing the nameday tourney to a melee instead of a joust.
2.)  Having The Hound fight in the tourney, when in the book he didn't, referring to it as a "tournament of gnats."
3.) Ser Dontos' acts which cause Joffrey to call for his execution were far less farcical than in the books-and it was on HBO, so there is no excuse not to show him flopping around, trying to get on a horse.
4.)Failing to have Joffrey's AND Cersi's first words to Tyrion be "You!"  Which allowed the reader to see into how J & C truely felt about Tyrion, and allowing Tyrion to reply to Cersi, "I see where your son gets his courtesies."
5.) Having Janos Slynt kill the suckling bastard instead of Allar Deem.
None of these had to be edited out due to time constraints.  It was as if the script writers had gone no farther than brushing over the Cliff Notes before writing their own script.
85	Ravenhair	2012-04-01	@Baitac
So agree.  Craster was way too clean and clean-shaven, and the place did not at all look like the chaotic, filth-ridden Craster's Keep.
86	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-01	As far as the bastard killing...  well done.  I just hope they keep that on Cersei and don't push it off on Joffrey.  It's not yet clear, but it seems like they may go that way.Too late.  They did.  This was another unwelcome change.
87	turdle	2012-04-01	I thought davos was awesome, and the cersei/little finger scene had me going (even though i'm far enough into the books to know better). i gave the episode a 9, even though it is a little plodding, i feel a lot better about the direction they set shae and theon in this episode than they had them going in the first season.
88	Khayenkil	2012-04-01	Gave it a 9. Would'a been a 10 cept for the Joslyn whorehouse parts, and Craster's Keep. I'm sure the producers/writters of the script don't want too push the 1st episode about Jon and the truth of what's going on north of the Wall.
I hate Joffrey, and they do nothing too change that. What a lil &*)(*&#
89	BondJamesBond	2012-04-01	Love the scene where Tyrion plops down in the hand's seat in the small council to Cersei's consternation
90	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-01	Too late.  They did.  This was another unwelcome change.Well it's not clear yet so who really knows if they did change it.I gave it a 9.  We only saw a little of Craster's Keep but the outside looks awesome.  Some people are upset about it jumping around too much but I expected it.  My two complaints are why the creators added two pointless scenes.  The Littlefinger bit I get. It establishes why he would work against Cersie but I hated the Ros scene.  It was just pointless and the Ros character adds NOTHING to the series.  There are already a shitload of cahracters I don't see the need to add another one.  Other than that I loved it and it has me pumped for the rest of the season.
91	songbirdsings	2012-04-01	I didn't think Craster was dirty or creepy enough.  And the whorehouse scene bleh! I hate when they waste time on something that has no importance, like last season's whorehouse lesbian fantasia.  It's just irritating they leave out so many details but make sure they add in some T&A.
92	Tears of Lys	2012-04-01	I gave it a solid 7.  I'm a purist, so I'm bound to view any changes negatively, but I understand how some of them are necessary.  A lot of the changes they made this episode I didn't feel fit into that category.
Random observations...
a LOT of importance placed on killing of Robert's bastards. 
Gray Wolf was friggin' HUGE, then got smaller as he approached Jaime.
Okay, okay, already.  They TRAIN the whores to work in the brothels.  Sheesh.
Liked Davos.
Still not sure about Melisandre.
I don't know how I missed this, but the series is only going to have ONE dragon, right?  (I was watching the reruns of Season 1 and noticed that.)
93	Dru	2012-04-01	Solid 7 and almost an 8. Great first episode but wish they started on Dragonstone.
94	Greyjoy67	2012-04-01	8/10 for me. Good, solid opener. I smirked all the way through Tyrion's scenes. 
It did jump about a bit, but I don't mind. They threw us back in perfectly. Oh, and the Ros scene was pointless. I hate her character. Absolutely hate her.
95	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	A 7.  It was good, but not great.  The first half was slow, as to be expected from the first episode of the season.  It definitely had it's high points though.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 01 April 2012 - 10:22 PM.
96	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-01	I don't know how I missed this, but the series is only going to have ONE dragon, right?  (I was watching the reruns of Season 1 and noticed that.)Dany definitely has three dragons.
97	Triskan	2012-04-01	I don't know how I missed this, but the series is only going to have ONE dragon, right?  (I was watching the reruns of Season 1 and noticed that.)No way.  There are three.  There were three in the S1 finale, and she refers to them in the plural.  Fear not.
98	MSUMC25	2012-04-01	Honestly they should've have gone with a two hour premeire so they could really get somewhere.  I honestly don't see why some of you get upset when it varies from the book I think it's refreshing to change things up a bit. 
Having Jamie and Ned Stark actually square off in the first season was actually better then how it was portrayed in the book.
Little Finger Cersei scene was great foreshadowing if you read all the books and it was a welcome change in my opinion.
Robb Stark scaring the crap out of Jamie with the Grey Wind was an awesome addition, and I love how he confronted Jamie directly about his incest something he did not do in the book. 
You also only saw one small part of Craesters Keep I think they will expand it and you will see it more as described in the book.
Solid 8 but i just feel like we didn't get anywhere yet and next week it'll start to get real good.
99	A Murder of Ravens	2012-04-01	Gave it a 5, I was watching it with people who didn't read the books nor rewatched the 1st season prior to this episode. For them it was difficult to follow all of the moving pieces and difficult to explain them all to them. If I wasn't watching it with them I'd give it an 8 or 7. Solid opening, but for the uninitiated very hard to follow.
I've got a question if anyone can help me out, how much of Clash of Kings will Season 2 cover. I know they have 10 episodes, seems like a lot of ground to cover if they are going to interpret all of book 2.
					
					
							Edited by A Murder of Ravens, 01 April 2012 - 10:28 PM.
100	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	Gave it a 5, I was watching it with people who didn't read the books nor rewatched the 1st season prior to this episode. For them it was difficult to follow all of the moving pieces and difficult to explain them all to them. If I wasn't watching it with them I'd give it an 8 or 7. Solid opening, but for the uninitiated very hard to follow.I've got a question if anyone can help me out, how much of Clash of Kings will Season 2 cover. I know they have 10 episodes, seems like a lot of ground to cover if they are going to interpret book 2 cover to cover.It's to cover the entire book.
101	MSUMC25	2012-04-01	I heard they are splitting the next book SOS into two seasons, but this one should cover entire Clash of Kings.  You see the battle for Kings Landing going on so I assume it's going all the way through.
102	James Arryn	2012-04-01	Anyone seen Beautiful Girls?
I give it a good solid 7 and a half.
Best performance for a new character: Robert Pugh.
I thought the Cersei/LF was off, but Cersei's performance overall was great this episode, even in that scene.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 01 April 2012 - 10:38 PM.
103	Daenerys T Drogo	2012-04-01	They did a very good job, from what I have seen from the teasers for this season's first episodes, they went all out. They did a splendid job with direwolves & Dragons.
104	Paola Graciano	2012-04-01	Like everyone else, I hated Craster's Keep. Just not the way i imagined and everything happened so fast. there was so much more in that scene. 
A solid 7.5. Good episode. Got me enough excited for the next but I missed a lot of things. There were changes and they weren't little.
105	Merc	2012-04-01	Wonderful acting, great cinemotography and the writing has, once again, made the imposiible, possible.  Rob the wolf and Jamie and Tyrion vs. Cersei were AWESOME.
106	Daenerys T Drogo	2012-04-01	Dany definitely has three dragons.She has three dragons, they will be showing three, but I don't think all the three will be shown together, Drogon has a major part to play in this season.
107	Lady Olenna	2012-04-01	I gave it a 6.  I'm ok with the changes from the book with the exception of the Roz scenes (they do indeed seem pointless other than to have some boobs bouncing around). 
If I had started watching the shows and never read the books I think I would have been very confused.  The baby killing scene would have been lost on me.  I think that could have been better explained. 
I'm on the fence about Stannis and Mel.  I will wait and see what the next episodes bring but I was hoping Stannis would have more grit, if that's the right word. 
The wolves look so awesome!  I love the warging scene with Bran and I am so looking forward to his future scenes.  Jack Gleeson is absolutely brilliant in his role.  Sansa always portrays such great emotion through her facial expressions.
Craster's was lacking in the creepiness.  I pictured him being far less normal looking.
All in all it was so great to see the show back on.  I think the rest of the season is going to fantastic.  Can't wait to see Arya and Brienne!
108	Ser Frank Haven	2012-04-01	Why is everyone bitchin about everything ?
109	a shadow	2012-04-01	Gave it a 7. All Seven gods were present, but they did not do much /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Jack Gleeson is a genius, but at the very first scene for a second I thought he had overdone it. Cersei is a whole another person than in the books. We'll see where it goes, just don't want them to make Joffrey at fault for everything. Maybe they will soon start to dress him in black too, just to mark the villain in all possible ways. But Grey Wind was whole 10 and more! Gendry's heavy black eyliner gave me a smile when all seemed dark /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> It kept getting better and better and then... it ended. Too soon!
110	koftroy	2012-04-01	I will write more in my blog, but I felt like they already cut out 1/2 the book, which bugged me a bit. Especially with Dragonstone, and the NW with Crastor.  I always thought his place was this huge gross hall and looked Crastor looked more like Balon Greyjoy that we see in the previews. He is described as so disgusting...and he looked too clean cut. Direwolf, perfect, but where the hell is Ghost! Jon is always has him by his side.  Robb forgot to ask for ICE! 
More cool stuff: Robb has grown up a lot and even looks old, when talking to his mother....nice touch. Still do not like LH as Cersei....would she EVER take that crap from Joffrey, never...it was always clear who was boss.  The Peter Baelish thing...weird. I got the bit where they went and killed as many bastards as possible.   We knew it happened in the book, but a good segway to Arya. 
Tyrion, great as always. Melisandre is very disappointing she should have had her arms in the air all crazed with the comet as she was in the book. I do not know why she isn't glowing in red...disappointing. I am on a low with Dany since ADWD, so no comment there.  I am glad they are showing the wolf dreams, and I loved how when Bran looked at his reflection, it looked like Arya's face.
But the next 2 books are all Jon, Cersei, Tyrion, Arya, as they were the main POV's. But I understand why they made changes so the non-readers got what was going on,  and it was a good overview for them. I hope they tell more of Davos' story....that is all for now.
111	Gravity Star	2012-04-01	The episode was fantastic. The littlefinger scene with Cercie was great.
Great transitions.
Great acting.
Great writing.
Dinklage/Gleeson owned.
I even thought Headey's Cercie was good.
112	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-01	I gave it a 7. Excellent acting (Jack Gleeson was brilliant!), pretty decent prop and background. It's difficult to see how some of the changes they've made are going to tie in with the main plots in the books.  I was disappointed that it didn't start with the Maester and Melisandre poison wine scene, but I think what they did help set up how mysterious and strange Melisandre is.
I was pretty annoyed with the whole Ros scene.  Yes, yes we know there are whorehouses and we know whores get trained.  Maybe it was to show that if a whore can be trained to be believable in her pleasure, perhaps a whore can also be trained (by Ros) to be believable as  a replacement for a certain missing child.
113	Hasfast	2012-04-01	I gave it an 8. I have my reservations about Melisandre... like someone said in a previous post, the actress seems plain. I really do hope it gets better, or it will ruin all the importance that character gets. I hoped it would start at Dragonstone as well, like the first season started beyond the Wall... I wanted to see Patchface. I somehow doubt he'll appear at any point.Craster was a disappointment, and the whorehouse was absurd. I would have wanted the Small Council scene to be as long as it is in the novel, too... particularly with the three slaps, hahahaha. I loved that part.The general feel is great... I really liked they presented all the different settings with a shot of the Red Comet. And I loved Grey Wind. D.R.
114	MA5Bergey	2012-04-01	I thought the whole of Craster's Keep was poorly done.  Not how I pictured it in my head, and I didn't like Craster that much.  I also felt like the interaction between the LC and Jon Snow, as well as the interaction between Jon Snow and Craster, felt forced, the way it was presented in the show.
I feel like Cersei, in show, is starting to match her book counterpart in terms of I-Hate-Her-Ness.
I missed Ros' boobs (sorry, I'm a guy), but the Gold Watch's murder spree made me rage.  Can't wait to see the Lannisters get theirs.
All in all, I feel like they had a lot to accomplish in the first episode, since television is such a different medium than a novel, but they did it well.
115	dtones520	2012-04-01	I will write more in my blog, but I felt like they already cut out 1/2 the book, which bugged me a bit. Especially with Dragonstone, and the NW with Crastor.  I always thought his place was this huge gross hall and looked Crastor looked more like Balon Greyjoy that we see in the previews. He is described as so disgusting...and he looked too clean cut. Direwolf, perfect, but where the hell is Ghost! Jon is always has him by his side.  Robb forgot to ask for ICE! More cool stuff: Robb has grown up a lot and even looks old, when talking to his mother....nice touch. Still do not like LH as Cersei....would she EVER take that crap from Joffrey, never...it was always clear who was boss.  The Peter Baelish thing...weird. I got the bit where they went and killed as many bastards as possible.   We knew it happened in the book, but a good segway to Arya. Tyrion, great as always. Melisandre is very disappointing she should have had her arms in the air all crazed with the comet as she was in the book. I do not know why she isn't glowing in red...disappointing. I am on a low with Dany since ADWD, so no comment there.  I am glad they are showing the wolf dreams, and I loved how when Bran looked at his reflection, it looked like Arya's face.But the next 2 books are all Jon, Cersei, Tyrion, Arya, as they were the main POV's. But I understand why they made changes so the non-readers got what was going on,  and it was a good overview for them. I hope they tell more of Davos' story....that is all for now.You seem to forget that Cersei doesn't have any POVs showing her with Joffrey, and she does slap him in public.  So, I'm not really sure where you are getting this idea of her taking crap from him. I'm pretty sure she still pulls the important strings. From what I gathered in the books, Joff did what he wanted and said what he wanted, I got that impression from the episode. Remember, we don't get into Cersei's head until book 4. Who knows what was going on in her noggin before that, Joffs death really shapes her later on
116	Gravity Star	2012-04-02	This episode was fantastic.
Jack Gleeson/Peter Dinklage are tremendous.
The littlefinger/Cercie scene was GREAT.
Lena Headey's Cercie was even GOOD this season.
transitions were great.
Those wanting more from the adaptation of the opening of ACOK, you are unapeasable.
117	Slychd	2012-04-02	I rated it an 8.  I deducted points for the rush on Cressen, though I'm kind of sure I will warm up to his awesome death on a re-watch.  At first I was put off by the Cersei/Littlefinger scene, but it was immediately awesome.  I didn't like the numerous deaths of the many bastards, Barra's was horrifying enough.
But in general, it was a great episode, with some great acting.
118	Ser Hippie	2012-04-02	A couple of minor quibbles aside, I thought this episode did a fantastic job of setting the board for the season and I really enjoyed it.
119	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-02	I thought it was excellent. Sure some scenes could have used more time to breath. But 10 episodes to fit a book in and all that.
I thought it captured the themes of the books very well. By revisiting each group and using the comet to link them.
120	Corvinus	2012-04-02	7.5/10
When I saw Roz, I was starting to think that we won't see Arya, but at least it ended with her, and the episode had a good finish. I liked the fact that they kept showing the red comet, and was most pleased with Bran's wolf dream.
121	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-02	It got a 7 from me as well.  Might have gotten more if I hadn't watched the last 4 episodes of last season before jumping into this intro.
I loved Tyrion's scenes.  Cersei looks lovier than before.  The locations are beautiful.  The CGI is amazing.  The acting was spot on.
Changing the joust to the melee was a mistake.  When you establish the scene as involving fights to the death it seems out of place for Sansa to step in a save some random fool.  It just didn't make as much sense as it did in the books.
I didn't really like the changes to Cressen's ending, I understand he took the first sip to get her to feel it is safe...  But when a poison is that fast acting it really seems like a moot move.  It was so much better in the book when she gave him the opportunity to spill it, took the first sip and invited him, to his horror, to take the last swallow. 
The Littlefinger thing didn't bother me as much as I thought it would...  Obviously the rumours of the incest were common knowledge at this point if even Joffrey heard of it, it is no longer a trump card, no longer a very well kept secret... In my interpretation this was just LF being a smartass and checking how much he can toy with the Queen.  Cersei knows that the cat has been let out of the hat at this point, elsewise she would have had him killed.
Crasters keep felt a bit off for me as well yet I still enjoyed it visually and had I not read the books I still would have known there was something very wrong about the place, the biggest problem is that it felt a bit rushed and not fleshed out enough.
Cersei slapping Joffrey made sense given the situation and I felt it played well into showing how sinister and power mad Joffrey is becoming when he would threaten the life of his own mother.
Honestly though, where the fuck is my Greatjon?  If he isn't going to be present this season at least make mention that he is fighting important battles on some other front or something.  I just spent a few episodes seeing him constantly as a sort of right hand man to Robb, the very man who called him King in the North first... and now I'm supposed to shrug off his complete absence?
Ros being the main Madame at the brothel is a bit sudden, happy that I had infanticide to take my mind off that one...
I know I'm sounding more negative than someone who gave it an honest 7, it is just easier to voice criticism than it is to praise.
122	Grunkins	2012-04-02	Much depends on Mel's ability to shout "FREEFOLK!"
123	Binadas Sengar	2012-04-02	It seems like I am supposed to give the episode a 7.
I dug it big time and thought craster's Keep looked about right but I always imagined him with a big wooley beard not an R & B singer's shadow.
I watched the show with my buddy's Dad who has never read the books.  He offered up that Gleeson has a punch me face. Ha!
10 seconds of Arya was not enough and Daenarys got only slightly more time.  It kind of bugged me how little screen time each character got but what can they do stuck in the hour long format with an ever expanding plot and cast?
I still can't wait to see Ygritte and Brienne.
124	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-02	I gave it a 9. We only saw a little of Craster's Keep but the outside looks awesome. Some people are upset about it jumping around too much but I expected it. My two complaints are why the creators added two pointless scenes. The Littlefinger bit I get. It establishes why he would work against Cersie but I hated the Ros scene. It was just pointless and the Ros character adds NOTHING to the series. There are already a shitload of cahracters I don't see the need to add another one. Other than that I loved it and it has me pumped for the rest of the season.I took the opposite viewpoint regarding that scene. I understand Cersi's PoV - where power is power and there is nothing like it in the world, and you can stick your knowledge up your ass and scurry away you little rat- but I don't get it from Littlefinger's perspective. He is much too clever to let something like that slip from his tongue around Cersi, to whom no slight is too small to cruelly repay.
125	SFA-OK	2012-04-02	I'll give it a 5. Not a fan of any of the new casts so far except for maybe Davos, too early to tell maybe. I'm hoping the actress they cast for Brienne does a good job. I think maybe the two guys writing/adapting the books just aren't very good writers, pretty cliched stuff, IMO.
126	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-02	I have mixed feelings about this episode.
First off, the beginning had that idiotic vibe that HBO creates in season premiers for shows like entourage.  Its that weird vibe that sort of like all the characters were on summer vacation and now they're back and telling their friends how they've been. Luckily it only lasted the first few minutes.
I also hated the Ros scene, when she talked to the new whores in the same way that littlefinger had talked to her when she first arrived.  Did anyone at HBO think that was clever? 
Clash is more spread out than Thrones so in order to update the viewer on every character we got maybe five minutes of screen time for Dany, Jon, Tyrion,
but a decent helping of Cersei.
It seems like they are already trying to make Cersei sympathetic by making the bastard purge Joffrey's plan.
Its expected from a premier, especially one that has a year between 10 episodes, to have a slower pace.
I actually loved the snippets we got on Dragon Stone and Melisandre, Stannis, and Davos are all great.
I didn't like the Craster casting, he didn't seem as haggard or wild as he could have been.  
I did enjoy the city guard montage at the end, and Tyrion's confrontation with Cersei in the small counsel was brilliant.
Overall there were a few things I didn't like but it was a solid opener for what is prepping to be a great season.
127	Gravity Star	2012-04-02	I think maybe the two guys writing/adapting the books just aren't very good writers, pretty cliched stuff, IMO.I think almost every scene that hasn't been in the books has been great, and often better than the word for word book scenes. (the maester Pyclle/Roz scene aside)
128	footballcoach	2012-04-02	5/10.  It was a mess imo.  I have read the books several times and I was confused with all the plot and time leaps.  I realize it's going to move faster and some areas are re-written to fit a television series. However, I don't recall feeling jarred with plot differences and time leaps so much in any other episode. 
Immediately afterward I felt like I needed to watch half of it again in order to reconcile it with what was in the books.  Overall it was just a weird, disjointed episode for me.  
Poor casting for Stannis and Craster.  Davos seemed pretty good.  Craster visit was very anti-climactic and disappointing.  Melisandre I am on the fence about still, but she seemed appropriately dangerous I suppose.
129	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-02	It seems like I am supposed to give the episode a 7.That is why you should have rated it before reading the post. That is what I did and still ended up choosing 7.It was good, but I feel like the episodes are going to be exponentially better.  If I'm giving away nines and tens now it'll just seem wasted for when I really am blown away.
130	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-04-02	Overall I liked the season opener I thought they did a clever job in condensing some of the early chapters and Gleeson makes Joffery even more repugnant (if that's even possible). I gave it a seven because I think that the writers take the things implied in the books a little too far sometimes like killing Roberts bastards and I don't really remember Cersei threatening Littlefinger directly with bodily harm. I also don't remember Osha knowing a damn thing about dragons either. These are but small gripes the real injustice to the original material is how Crasters keep played out I think the scene could have done with more of a sinister tone I hope when we see the black brothers return there will be a darker tone to things. Cressens scene could've played out better too I don't like how quickly the poison took effect. I'm really looking forward to the next nine episodes.
131	Lord Florent	2012-04-02	Did anyone else love Stannis? I kept trying to see if he'd grind his teeth and you'll notice it from time to time.. and he moved so awkwardly. It was perfect. I was just rereading the book and I remember reading the scene where he grabs the sword and I remember envisioning it exactly the same way he walked it on the shot. I just wish he had a deeper voice.
Am I the only one who didn't like the Littlefinger scene? I liked him as a psychopath that keeps planning his elevation within the game. He always expected to backstab the Lannisters and was waiting for his opportunity. But if they use that scene to explain his betrayal.. not cool!
Varys is so great too!
132	SFA-OK	2012-04-02	I think almost every scene that hasn't been in the books has been great, and often better than the word for word book scenes. (the maester Pyclle/Roz scene aside)I feel pretty much the opposite. All the expository writing just makes me roll my eyes at this point. I know some of it is necessary but it could be done in a lot better, less obvious way. And just not a fan of most of the changes either or how they are all put together. Just seems so jumbled and mixed together. Even little stuff like Robb's direwolf snapping within an inch of Jaime's face, ugh.
133	KhaleesiDany	2012-04-02	lol mine is the only vote at <5.
What do you guys even see in this show?
Granted, I don't watch much television. I'm glad game of thrones is on TV and that it will bring more people to read the books. I think they do an OK job with the casting and I understand that there are limitations in the film medium that have to be worked around to bring this story from the page to the screen.
But when I'm watching the show I feel like I am seeing some unimaginative person's impression of the books. Maybe unimaginiative is too harsh of a word but I feel like all the scenes are pale visions of what happened at that point in the story. I feel like I am watching a rewrite with all the scenes contrived to fit together instead of just flowing along, all the best parts like the battles are cut or edited out and the characters all come across as dull (except Tyrion)--how is this possible when I read these books and feel like I am ALIVE alongside them? In the books, I don't even like Tyrion!
This episode in particular was kind of slow paced--really bad mistake for a premiere, IMO. They move things around all the time they could have put some exciting stuff in here!
None of the characters looks like how I imagine them but I forgive it every time if the actor is even the littlest bit good. But Jon Snow is the worst not only does he not remind me of book-Snow at all, the actor who plays him just stands around gaping all day at nothing.
And where was Gilly? If they introduced her it flew over my head.
Jaime Lannister looked like he was SLEEPING when Grey Wind came up to attack him--I laughed. And why put fake-outs like that in the show in the first place? They could make Grey Wind actually intimidating by showing him ripping out people's throats in a battle--but they never seem to show any battle scenes.
Cersei talking to Littlefinger was a good scene until she told her soliders to close their eyes--and they all turned to follow her when she left! I guess they have eyes in the back of their heads and x-ray vision so they can see through their helmets. That mistake could have been fixed by one line, "GUARDS!"
I thought Melisandre was okay until she opened her mouth.
I just can't take this show seriously and it does not give me anywhere near the rush I get from reading. To all y'all who watch the show and haven't read the books do yourself a favor and READ THEM I don't care if the only time you read is when you take a shit in the morning and it takes you a year, you will not regret it because this show is like a window to someone else's window of Westeros and you will not regret it if you just take a peek outside your own head.
134	CloudFlare	2012-04-02	3.) Ser Dontos' acts which cause Joffrey to call for his execution were far less farcical than in the books-and it was on HBO, so there is no excuse not to show him flopping around, trying to get on a horse.To be true to the books they would have had to gone through the expense and time of a full jousting tournament. Given the 7 or 8 story lines they had to work in, I think it was a smart choice.Edit: Joffrey is rocking the show. I didn't think he looked right for the role, but he's blown me away with his performance.Loved the Cersei/Littlefinger scenes.I gave it an 8.
					
					
							Edited by Scent of Bacon, 02 April 2012 - 02:08 AM.
135	Elevator	2012-04-02	My thoughts (and please note I haven't finished A Clash of Kings yet, so some of this might sound stupid):Obligatory re-introduction of the cast was fast and forced, but got the job done.  Joffrey still is pure evil at it's best, Sansa's a shell of herself, Robb has a new CG direwolf, Tyrion is going to be awesome as The Hand, Jon Snow's watching the most epic incest parade ever, and Stannis is hopefully going to get as little screentime as possibleI wasn't a fan at all of who they cast as Stannis nor Melisandre, and hearing them talk (and seeing how drab her costume is) only furthered my disappointment.  It's only been one episode, obviously, but I expected better.Very interested in seeing how much play they give Daenerys.  She's of course a pillar of the story but (so far) her portion of Kings is relegated to future plans.Seeing Cersei knocked down a few pegs is nice, and of course that's going to be a familiar trend, but it's bizarre all the same.  She was a very headstrong and cunning antagonist who's all of a sudden finding herself among one of the many falling behind in the game.Final 5 minutes was pretty intense.  Did a good job of putting a button on it and gave us our first look at Arry.Looking forward to ep 2, gave this one an 8 upon initial viewing.
136	snowzombie	2012-04-02	This was maybe my favorite episode thus far. I felt like almost all of the changes for the sake of narrative economy ended up making the show better, tighter, more exciting. The non-book scenes - Cersei and Littlefinger, Cersei and Joffrey, the City Watch and the bastards - were thrilling. The look on Lena's face when Joffrey pretty much tells her he'll have her killed if she defies him, it really makes you feel how high the stakes are. Sansa, Cersei and Tyrion all have to walk a very fine line when it comes to reigning him in without provoking his wrath. 
Tyrion comes into Kings Landing with the swagger of a conqueror. It's going to be even more bitter and disappointing to see how he leaves. 
I'd imagined Craester looking like King Theoden in Lord of the Rings, before Gandalf kills the spell Wormtongue had cast. Gray, frazzled, a droopy ear, crazy. But the set of his keep definitely grew on me as the scene went on. 
Richard Madden was the stand out, his Robb is really, really strong. He really conveys the weight of all that he has to contend with. I find his character far more compelling on screen than I do in the books.
137	Hasfast	2012-04-02	lol mine is the only vote at <5.What do you guys even see in this show?I can't see how someone who doesn't like the show would be interested in keeping track of it and even bother to post a vote in this thread. This, I believe, is for people who generally like the show and admire the work HBO is doing, along with the ever so WONDERFUL CAST they've put together.Did anyone else love Stannis? I kept trying to see if he'd grind his teeth and you'll notice it from time to time.. and he moved so awkwardly. It was perfect. I was just rereading the book and I remember reading the scene where he grabs the sword and I remember envisioning it exactly the same way he walked it on the shot. I just wish he had a deeper voice.I did like the casting, and I did like the poor dressing too. It fits a man as stern and grim as Stannis. We still must see how this all develops! D.R.
138	kephv	2012-04-02	Loved it. Solid 9. I think it could've really benifited from a few extra minutes (then again, the show could probably benifit from having 10s of millions of more dollars and twelve episodes per season), but considering what they had, I thought was great. It was very fast, but I liked how they used the comit when switching between scenes -- tied it all together nicely.
I agree with one review I saw that critiqued the LF/Cersei scene. Pretty stupid move on his part (out of character for him), but I didn't mind -- too much -- the change with Cersei and the decision to kill the babies.  
Only thing that really bothered me was there Arya's non presence. I hope her storyline is given the time it deserves this season.
Looking forward to Ep 2. (Side note, but I love the new map HBO has on their site!)
					
					
							Edited by ManyFacedOne, 02 April 2012 - 02:15 AM.
139	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	I give it an 8. I was impressed. I guess I went in with lower expectations and I kind of thought they'd drop the ball after a fairly solid first season. I was also pleasantly surprised with Greywind. Considering the budget, I'm infinitely happier with more CG direwolves than some fucking poorly trained husky puppy. Joffrey was great, I actually lied the Cersei/Littlefinger bit, and even Melissandre was better than I expected.
Stannis is too young and too soft, Melissandre feels a little less arrogant and succubus-like, Davos is a garbage interpretation so far (the guy's supposed to be a pirate,) BUT this show never held a candle to the books. This is MUCH better than what I was expecting, and I enjoyed it more than several episodes of the first season.
140	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-02	Solid 8 rating.
1. How could they have extended Cressen's scene? Why make the audience emotionally invest in someone who was going to die in 5 minutes? There was only so much time to devote to that. I loved the ACoK prologue but there was no way to translate that whole chapter to television and keep all the book fans happy. I expected it to be cut short. 
2. As I said in the other thread, the Cersei vs. Littlefinger scene was AMAZING in my opinion. It wasn't so much about Littlefinger as it was foreshadowing Cersei's personality, political style and how she perceives the world. She has this first taste of real power...no more Robert in her way, and what does she do??? Wield it like a blunt object. Totally how Cersei from the books would handle it. She's uses power like a sledge hammer, often to her own detriment. For those who think this was out of character for Littlefinger, it makes sense that his "hot button" would be Catelyn. His childhood trauma with her is at the very core of who he's become as a man. I found it very deft of Cersei to zero in on that. Great scene all around. Nice touch of having the Lannister guards act like mindless henchmen as well.
3. Too early to tell about the Dragonstone crew (Stannis, Melisandre and Davos) but I think overall those scenes were enjoyable and I did get really excited when I saw the camera pan over Castle Dragonstone. 
4. The scene between Tyrion and Cersei was the best part of the episode, IMO. Dinklage is gunning for another Emmy. He just makes it look so damn easy.
5. The only disappointment for me was Craster's Keep. Like other said, it could have been a lot more foreboding and I think the casting of Craster is wrong but not bad enough to make the storyline fail. He's not THAT big of a character in the long run.
6. The bastard slaying scene was brutal, cruel and epic. Really sets the audience up to despise Janos Slynt. The whole scene had a very biblical "King Herrod infanticide decree" feel to it. I really just hope they they explain that it was Cersei, not Joffrey who gave the command. 
7. Dany got such a short scene but, then again, she doesn't have much to do in ACoK till she gets to the House of the Undying.
8. You can obviously see that the production team has a lot more money to play around with this season. Watching the sweeping panorama views of the landscapes on my HD screen was great. The sweep from the Red Waste to Beyond the Wall was particularly good. Kings Landing is MUCH better also.
9. Lena Headey really stepped up her game this time around. She is really coming into the role of Cersei Lannister and playing her as the dangerous, power mad she-devil that she is.
10. Overall I very much enjoyed the episode and thought that it set things up nicely. I also like that there seems to be a darker feel to this season, if that makes sense. I felt that the book series got darker after AGoT as well so its nice that the show creators picked up on that. Much more ominous and creepy this season.
141	Peter1982	2012-04-02	They did a great job. You have to introduce so many stuff. Follow on, on so many questions. The babykilling was horrific. In the books you read that it has taken place, but here you see how cruel this world is. And I had to think of the 8000 unsullied. And it left you wondering what will happen with Arya.
I like it that they want to make the events from SoS even more dramatic by developing a strong Robb story line, instead of a strong Catelyn line.
I really liked the Joffrey-parts. 
And generally, yes the Lord of light stof comes over a bit goofy instead of scarry. Melisandra looks to innocent, all feel they should have gone for someone nasty. Although I must say that the Melisandra character in the book has some soft sides as well. I mean she is not the evil queen. She is a misguided priestess, thats all... The series make her look who she is, just a priestess, like thoros and those other red people.
142	Archmaester Marwin	2012-04-02	5 or 6. I have NUMEROUS complaints. I have a serious case of fanboy rage right now.
In no particular order
1.Crasters keep...felt rushed, Jon was being a douche for no reason, Craster seemed wrong.
2.Robb's scene with Jaime- WTF? Jaime is now denying things for no reason, and saying Robb has no proof? And he's SCARED of the Direwolf? Absolutely out of character for Jaime.
3. Littlefinger and Cersei - Wow that felt forced.
4. Ros's echo of Littlefinger's season 1 lecture about not rushing it - Felt forced, was stupid.
5. Joffrey having guys fight to the death instead of joust - there was really no reason to not let Ser Dontos just get totally pwned by Ser Lothor Brune. But I see why they did this...horses and jousting would use more budget.
6. Maester Cressen already dying by the time Mel drinks, and drinking without prompt. Just bizzare. Why? Neither Mel of the Maester's actions are explicable for this moment.
7. Gendry and Arya wearing eyeliner. WTF?
8. Tyrion coming in all mud caked telling Joffrey he looked for him at the battle. What battle, the one Tyrion slept through on the Green Fork? WTF? Did the guy who wrote this episode even watch Season 1? Why would Tyrion still be dirty? Tyrion's intro made me feel like it wasn't his first time back. Was awkward.
9. Joff calling out Cersei on incest. WTFFFF
10. DANY'S WEIRD INTERACTION WITH RAKHARO!!!! WHHHATTTT IN SEVEN HELLS WAS THAT!! They better not get romantic!!
143	Archmaester Marwin	2012-04-02	I give it an 8. I was impressed. I guess I went in with lower expectations and I kind of thought they'd drop the ball after a fairly solid first season. I was also pleasantly surprised with Greywind. Considering the budget, I'm infinitely happier with more CG direwolves than some fucking poorly trained husky puppy. Joffrey was great, I actually lied the Cersei/Littlefinger bit, and even Melissandre was better than I expected.Stannis is too young and too soft, Melissandre feels a little less arrogant and succubus-like, Davos is a garbage interpretation so far (the guy's supposed to be a pirate,) BUT this show never held a candle to the books. This is MUCH better than what I was expecting, and I enjoyed it more than several episodes of the first season.Are you sure Davos is supposed to be a pirate? Last I checked he was supposed to be a knight who was a SMUGGLER like 18 years ago (He relieved the seige of Storm's End during Robert's Rebellion. I thought Davos was good.The direwolf did look really good though, I agree with you there.
144	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-02	Pretty solid, I especially liked all the Lannister parts. I agree with those who said that emphasis on Ros, at the expense of some truly wonderful opportunities with Craster's Keep, was unfortunate. There was no suspense or any real exploration of the creepiness surrounding Craster's Keep (not a fan of how they depicted Craster either - weird casting/costuming), they barely hinted at the mystery of Craster's sons, and we should have seen the deserted villages. I also think they should have stepped up Bran's greenseer storyline, a complaint I also had in season 1. But that's pretty much what Benioff and Weiss have been doing since season 1, emphasis on the sensationalist sex at the expense of scenes that could helped us get in the characters' heads even further, or scenes that bring out the creepy, fantastical, genuinely weird supernatural element of this series.Sorry, I know I keep harping on this, and there wasn't even much sex in this episode. I'm not against nudity or sex on TV at all, but it has been pretty off-putting to see this rich story trashified for ratings at the expense of the storyline. I keep saying it, but 10 hours is not nearly enough time for us to get into the characters skins in the way the books do, and I want the TV show to create time for us to just explore the characters, not just squeeze in the exposition, complex plot, and fleeting character development and then devote 5 precious minutes out of a 55 minute time slot for a naked prostitute/orgy/whatever.I have heard people dismiss GoT as trash because of the excessive nudity, and while that's obviously not a fair assessment, it does indicate how pointless those scenes are. I'm not one of the people who finds the sexposition even remotely necessary (sometimes not even in the books, for that matter). There are plenty of more effective ways to relay that information, and in fact I think this episode proved it. Everything was deftly explained to the viewers without relying on monologues, unnatural conversations, or moaning whores.
145	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-02	I just mentioned in the other episode thread that I was very opposed to Dany and Rakharo but you know what? It would ultimately be a HELL of a lot better than Dany and Daario. How great would it be if the show just kept that douchebag out of the series all together? I am all for a Daario free show.
146	Sebly	2012-04-02	Why do Americans get so up in arms about sex but have no problem with excessive violence? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
147	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	Are you sure Davos is supposed to be a pirate? Last I checked he was supposed to be a knight who was a SMUGGLER like 18 years ago (He relieved the seige of Storm's End during Robert's Rebellion. I thought Davos was good.The direwolf did look really good though, I agree with you there.Eh, yeah, 'pirate' was a brainfart wording on my part. I meant  dirty, land-awkward, and less properly speaking. 'Pirate' just inadvertantly popped off my fingers.
148	Ser Leo Targaryen	2012-04-02	I gave a 7... It was honest and fair, but not spectacular... 
I always thought that ALL of the books started in a quite slow pace, so I didn't imagine the first episode would be thrilling!
Unlike most, I liked LFxCersei interaction. Loved her playing with the guards! It showed the Cersei from the books that was missing from the show last season.
Lightbringer was probably my biggest disapointment! 
And I really thought the Cersei x Joffrey scene was weird... So he worries about his bastard brothers? Doesn't really make sense...
149	Thunderfist	2012-04-02	I was actually really disappointed about this episode, so many changes that made no sense and things that had been added or removed
It seems out-of-character for Littlefinger to try to intimidate Cersei, he never does anything like that in the books, heÂ´s just a background player
I didnÂ´t see the point of having the Hound fight anyone
The scene with Roberts bastards made it seem like he had fathered half the children in Kings Landing
Dany flirting with her bloodrider didnÂ´t make alot of sense
But my biggest problem was that they did not include the dialogue between Tyrion and Cersei when he arrives for the meeting of the small council. That is one of my favourites in the entire series and I really wanted to see what Peter Dinklage could do with it on screen.
"I never understood what Jaime saw in you apart from his own reflection" - too epic to leave out
I gave the episode a 3
I worry that as the books expand, the series is still limited to 10 episodes and thus it might feel forced and stunted
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 02 April 2012 - 04:21 AM.
150	TheNerdRemembers	2012-04-02	As far as the bastard killing...  well done.  I just hope they keep that on Cersei and don't push it off on Joffrey.  It's not yet clear, but it seems like they may go that way.They DID push it off on Joffrey, in their attempt to make Cersei a more likable character. Really didn't like that part, i mean - Cersei is the Queen of bitches in the books, why change that?Anyway, gave the episode a 9. The show looks great, feels great.
151	Abaddon	2012-04-02	7 on first watch, 8 on second.  (I think that's the ceiling for me).  Solid, at times spectacular.  I think much like the first season we're going to see some really great stuff and I think we're going to see it sooner than in the first season (where in my opinion it didn't really take off until Episode 5).
After all of the concern regarding the LF / Cersei scene I really liked it.
Worst scene, for me BY FAR, was the Bran scene meeting with the complaining bannermen.  Dull, dull, dull.  Was just a big waste of time.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 02 April 2012 - 06:04 AM.
152	Sebly	2012-04-02	No comments on having a wolf dream finally?
153	Curethan	2012-04-02	5. Joffrey having guys fight to the death instead of joust - there was really no reason to not let Ser Dontos just get totally pwned by Ser Lothor Brune. But I see why they did this...horses and jousting would use more budget.People should realise that they can't do jousting unless they are willing to go with CGI (which would look terrible).  PETA would have their balls.
154	Abaddon	2012-04-02	People should realise that they can't do jousting unless they are willing to go with CGI (which would look terrible).  PETA would have their balls.You must be forgetting last season, where they had two jousts.I don't mind the change though, there's only so much payoff for having jousting everywhere and it is likely very expensive and complicated to shoot.
155	Stark 4 ever	2012-04-02	greywind is AWESOME loved the jaime/robb scene.
loved a few changes as well such as stannis getting neds letter
156	Dracarya	2012-04-02	Not many problems with it, overall it was pretty damn epic.My thoughts, surprisingly coherent after the excitement of that episode:Too much Ros. We get it, you train the whores, I don't need pretty much a repeat of that scene from season 1. GTFO. That Cersei and LF scene was cringe-worthy, for me. It was utterly out of character for LF, and it didn't really fit Cersei either. Her bitch-slapping Joffrey made up for it though. Killing the baby was awful. Fucking Janos Slynt /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Gendry's eyeliner made me laugh. Very much looking forward to Arya's storyline.Tyrion simply owns. Excellent scenes between him and Cersei, Peter Dinklage wins again.Robb's scene with Jaime wasn't AS good as I expected, but Grey Wind looked pretty awesome. I LOVED Bran's wolf dream. That was immense.I'm sure there's more but I'm in a rush. Damn episode making me late /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
157	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	I give it an 8. It was very well done but it's a typical starter episode where lots of things need to be set but there's little room to develop it. The actor ensemble continues to be very strong, the cinematography is very nice and the effects are of surprisingly high quality, given that there were some really difficult ones and this is TV. I'm happy with my own performance as a viewer as well, since lack of immersion is always at least 50% on yourself, although way too few people take any responsibility.
The only really odd thing about this is how people that don't like the show, and complain about it for reasons that everyone understands will keep on going, will keep watching and keep complaining. If one doesn't even trust his own opinions enough to act on them, how does one expect anyone else to care about it?
158	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-02	I can go no higher than a 7.  The exposition can be forgiven (budget/time constraints) but some of the character choices cannot.
1. The choice of lena Heady as Cersei has never grown on me and making her into a sympathetic figure instead of the bitch she is, really irks me.  Viva Bianca from Spartacus Vengeance would have been perfect.
2. I always pictured Cat as still being a great beauty.  
3. Little Finger would never openly threaten Cersei nor would Cersei allow him to remain alive if he had.
4. Terrible choice for the Red Woman.  I hope her acting can distract me from her plain looks.
5. Stannis is just not hard enough.  This man is supposed to be made of iron and ice.  I hope this will improve.
6. No Riverrun, Lord Hoster or Edmure?  Wow!
Despite these minor complaints, the actors for Tyrion, Joff, Jon and Robb (especially Tryion and Joff) are driving the show for me.  The scene with Robb and Jaime was also noteworthy.
					
					
							Edited by Stallion That Mounts Texas, 02 April 2012 - 06:24 AM.
159	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	I gave it a steady 7. Good episode with a few bad points.
Littlefinger/Cersei scene was completely out-of-character for LF.  He'd never defy anyone so openly.
Some scenes felt too rushed.
Cressen's story could be better handled.
On the good points side, an huge bow down from my part to Carice van Houten, I really liked her as Melisandre. CGI wolfes were awesome. And (i cannot repeat this too many times) for the last scene with the bastards! Perfect image/score coordination!
160	Ygritte's fur	2012-04-02	Exactly my point. Didn't we have one fake whore training scene in last season? And enough with Ros already. Let the story speak for itself. If people are watching Season 2 it's not just for the titty scenes. 
(null)
161	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-02	Exactly my point. Didn't we have one fake whore training scene in last season? And enough with Ros already. Let the story speak for itself. If people are watching Season 2 it's not just for the titty scenes.(null)I think the Ros scene in this episode gave a pretty clear indication that Ros will have a hand in training the
	Spoiler fake arya
162	boojam	2012-04-02	A structural observation.
Everything looked perfect and all the actors, seem to have gotten better from last season, and odd thing to say, and we have not seen all of them again yet.
I had known Stephen Dillane , Liam Cunningham , and even Carice van Houten from their former work, I knew they would be good. (Seems what has been said that van Houten was instructed to underplay Melisandre, it's ok, but a scenery chewing Mel would been ok with me.)
With all the new people and places this almost became a gold plated CliffsNotes... and we still have Renly's camp and Pyke to go! 
Seemly the only elaboration scenes were Cersei, which is ok by me.
I kept looking at the running time, and thinking , O my!, that went by fast!.
Seems we are back to the old problem of just how successful does the series have to be for HBO to pony up 12 episodes?
As I have noted if ROME could pull off 12 episodes , uh well, ... have times changed that fast?  Maybe so.
Or spread each novel (combo novels) over two 10 episodes each.
I give the first episode a 10 for production values, costuming and cinematography alone! Just amazing for television.
Notes:
(1) Dany's Dothraki seems to my ear to be almost perfect by now... but... just like last season why does she or others almost always lapse into the common tongue to finish dialog? (There is a context for it, but all the time?)
O well that's just a nit.
(2) I did not see one slip in the CGI, getting to see the dire wolves for more than a microsecond was amazing.
I am glad they did not hype them. Having been to the La Brea Tar Pits museum lately, dire wolf are not has big as small pony , but they do have more mass to them and more fearsome heads, nice touch last night.
Man, they really bore down on the Drogon CGI work, methinks the VFX people are in love with the dragons. Can't wait to see the rest.
(3)A TV critic in an instant review last night noted one shot that really riveted me.
It's so short.
I don't know if it was D&D's idea or Alan Taylor's.
The quick close up of the Gold Cloak showing disgust in the last sequence, that little piece of artistic imagery is what sets this show apart.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 02 April 2012 - 07:04 AM.
163	duncanthemedium	2012-04-02	Gave it a 7 because well...I read the book again yesterday (all day it took me) and the episode so can't live up to my imagination... but that is true for all adaptations, and as far as they go, this one was pretty near excellent. Some thoughts:
1. Did anybody notice how much Dontos' sigil looks like the american flag? Not a knight, a fool...appropriate /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />  though I dont know if its the same in the books too..
2. Carice Van Houten is absolutely gorgeous in real life. And she looked great, mesmerising in the pre-season stills.  Not so much in the episode though...lighting is a factor i think. Overall though, the scene with Pylos was just absolutely horrendous. And Stannis does not seem to be half as pig-headed and iron-fisted as I imagined him to be. 
3. Loved the LF-Cersei scene. Loved rogue Gleeson. Would enjoy his death even as I mourn the actor's departure when Joff hits the bucket. 
4. Maisie Williams and Alfie Allen should have had more airtime. Dany too. This is where I felt too much time was spent on the Ros scene as well as the slow scenes at Dragonstone...
5. Peter Dinklage is a god. nuf sed. And Shae a vile but gorgeous little goddess in turn...
6. Perfect casting for Janos Slynt. He did his job well. 
7. Loved the new version of Grey Wind...can't wait to see Ghost!
8. The Bran actor is simply awesome in this episode.  
9. If the khalasaar is not in Vaes Toloros (I know I misspelled that one), where will Rakharo n company return to? Also, why was Jhoqo's name changed but Rakharo and Aggo's not? (Woulda loved siting sweet Irri, and soon to be dead Jhiqui...in the process of dying..)
10. Lastly, I think this is going to be the tenor of the show from now on. There will be episodes like this, simply because of the expansion of geographic scale, where we only get bits of our favorite characters. Especially when we move south next week and Renly's folk come into the action, and when Dany reaches Qarth. We must, as fans, find a way to deal with it and know that even though not all of our facorite book scenes will make it to the screen, that many still do and that too so excellently is a blessing I wouldn't wanna forego. Onwards GoT!!!
164	Jaime -im not so bad- L	2012-04-02	the complaints listed so far in this thread are trivial, so much nitpicking.
Ros scenes dont matter, this is the only thing they could do without, although they needed someone in the brothel, a POV to show the baby die.
The cersei/ Littlefinger scene was not from the book, not a big deal, i think it was the nicest way for littlefinger to tell cersei to go fuck herself, and then for cersei to fuck him right back.
Joffery is the best acted by far.
Robb/Jaime scene was awesome.
ever stop to think the pace was slow because the book was slow.
and Craster's keep, was down sized to save money, also they didnt make him hideous for the same reason they didnt make tyrion, people dont want to see it. it would make non-book readers say fuck looking at that for an hour.
maybe i have watched one to many christopher nolan films, because i thought the pace was fine, with this many characters if u dont jump around alot people will have to wait a week to see what most characters are up to, i for one find it hard enough to wait an hour let alone a week for anything.
165	Ygritte's fur	2012-04-02	That's interesting. 
Still, I was so so looking forward to a ratcheting up of the scary factor north of the Wall. The opener to the first season was pretty darn scary--but Craster's has more horror than that scene. The book Craster's Keep is more on the level of a Texas Chainsaw massacre level of dread/revulsion than the slightly shocking episode of Frontline we got. 
Yes, I also thought te creepy dude in the previews might be Craster. Book Craster has a droopy face and is a big hulking man. Why does a minor chaacter matter? While he himself isn't central to the story that level of horror, dread of what lies North of the Wall most certainly is. 
At the very least, the horror North of the Wall is a stronger plot driver than whatever Ros and her boobs will be up to. I mean, really, what does it matter if the absurd Ros (who in my mind embodies trying to sex up a story that doesnt need sexing up) does the spoiler thing mentioned above? So I think it was a weird . 
Even in terms of developing a commercial audience, you'd think HBO would want to grab fans of Walking Dead and the American Horror whatever show. (The new functionality of this app has become horrendous, btw, since I last used this board so I apologize for typos.) And people LOVE to be scared so I don't buy they didn't want him to be too scary. And we didnt need naked girls digging carrots from the mud: a simple "He smells of the cold" would've helped draw the connection to the Others.
Further thoughts: thought LF scene was weird. I see why they  wanted to set it up but it seemed like the actor, who is generally pretty perfect, suddenly developed a speech impediment: distracting.
Cersei: I think Lena is great.  (As is the rest of the casting. I commented on the casting many times last night. Most of the actors have done a great job of changing with the plot.)  As I said above her scene with Tyrion has me really excited for their head-butting this season. 
I think the Joff scene people are objecting to is there to show how thoroughly Joff has gotten out of control. You could see the look in her face like: oh my god what a monster I have created! And she show she isn't a one dimensional character. There is a lot in the book to show her inner self that we obv can't get into on TV. 
Psyched for Arya scenes. Just hoping the abject horror of Harrenhal doesn't go the of un scary TV Craster's Keep!
Also loved the wolf scenes, especially Bran's. Awesome. So psyched for this plot line. 
(null)
					
					
							Edited by Ygritte's fur, 02 April 2012 - 07:25 AM.
166	WinterWarrior	2012-04-02	I gave it a 10. I loved the episode and feel more confident now that they will stick with the Theon story and that we will see the Reeds. I liked the way Robb was stronger and the direwolves were portrayed. I like how they showed Bran's point of view when he was in Summer. I was wondering how they were going to do that. And the computer generated Grey Wind was great. An I absolutely love Tyrion. He is the best.
I actually hated Cersei and Joffrey more than I already do, which I did not think was possible. I despise them both!!!! Yes, Craster was too clean, I was expecting someone who looked more like the way Balon Greyjoy looks in the trailers for future episodes.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 02 April 2012 - 07:16 AM.
167	TC_Chaos	2012-04-02	I voted 9 for this episode. I think it is a hard transition for the show to introduce new characters to the audience as the story is opening up. I know as the audience might run of patience because they want to see the story continuing right away after season 1. I like how this episode they focused on Stannis' introduction only and not put in Renly and his crew or the Greyjoys.
Next episode will be introduction for the Greyjoy and Renly & crew, I am sure. My initial reaction when I was reading book 2 was that the first 200 pages were a big ass introduction to the book. The comet and everyone's perception of it was pure genius to kick start the book.
I'm glad to see they're staying very faithful to the book's dialogues while adding more of their own. I find that as a fan who read the books, sometimes the dialogues are just too predictable because I know them. So, when with the creators' dialogues, sometimes, its just a little refreshing for fans who are too familiar with the books.
168	Tacye	2012-04-02	Jack Gleeson was brilliant and Peter Dinklage continues to shine. 
Melisandre was miscast.  I winced every time that woman opened her mouth.  The actor playing Craster looked far too clean-cut.
Ros again.  Why?  Almost didn't recognize her with clothes on.
The actress playing Catelyn has the most beautiful eyes.  Not pleased to see a lot of her ideas coming out of Robb's mouth, though.  But I guess that fits in with what they were doing with her last season.
Davos was excellent, and Stannis seemed to work out okay.  Not how I pictured either one of them, but they'll do. 
LOL, Joffrey redecorating the Throne Room.
Cersei/Littlefinger scene was forced and badly-written.  Did like the Tyrion/Cersei scene, though. 
Credits continue to impress.  Also liked the burning statues and the final scene as the Night's Watch recruits make their way up the Kingsroad.
But too many flat scenes.  I'm giving this a 5.
169	Greyjoy67	2012-04-02	Few responses to criticisms ...Do we really need another jousting scene? Yeah, I know they're cool, but HBO probs feel they've done that. They wanna show different stuff.Also, Melisandre plain? She's hot! Some of you would have them cast an alien with red eyes or something. There's not a lot they could have done to make her more ... Mel looking.The Joffrey-Cersei scene made sense. How on earth would Joffrey not have heard the rumours. It'd be out of character for him to say nothing. Craster looked too clean, sure, but my Gosh we're nitpicking. His performance was fine. Get a grip. Oh, and we're not getting Riverrun this season. It's been long established, get over it. I hope we do next season, but it's not as essential as some of you make out. People confuse essential with what would be nice. We probably need to see Edmure at least eventually, but it's only episode 1, simmer down!The show is being called Game of Thrones - we need scenes between Littlefinger and Cersei considering the paths their characters will take. Both are more conniving in subtle, unspoken ways in the book, but the audience needs to understand their motivations etc. That scene was a way of doing so.I myself criticised the Ros scene, but at least it wasn't entirely pointless, and ended with the Slynt/Herod-esue sequence which was done very well.
170	Ran	2012-04-02	The scene was a bad way of doing so. It was heavy handed and clumsy. Or so I say. I wouldn't have minded so much if it was well-written, but it was like taking a 2x4 to the head - BIG THEME HERE in blinking, neon lights -- and not too much else. It's a bane to adaptation when material is dumbed down.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 April 2012 - 07:37 AM.
171	TC_Chaos	2012-04-02	Not many problems with it, overall it was pretty damn epic.My thoughts, surprisingly coherent after the excitement of that episode:Too much Ros. We get it, you train the whores, I don't need pretty much a repeat of that scene from season 1. GTFO.That Cersei and LF scene was cringe-worthy, for me. It was utterly out of character for LF, and it didn't really fit Cersei either. Her bitch-slapping Joffrey made up for it though.Killing the baby was awful. Fucking Janos Slynt /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Gendry's eyeliner made me laugh. Very much looking forward to Arya's storyline.Tyrion simply owns. Excellent scenes between him and Cersei, Peter Dinklage wins again.Robb's scene with Jaime wasn't AS good as I expected, but Grey Wind looked pretty awesome.I LOVED Bran's wolf dream. That was immense.I'm sure there's more but I'm in a rush. Damn episode making me late /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I was surprised to see that whore chick Ros back on the show. I can speak for every man on this forum that she is becoming somewhat of a favorite. I do wonder if she is going to be a reoccurring character.Also, they're making Janos Slynt way more evil than in the books. I love it!
					
					
							Edited by TC_Chaos, 02 April 2012 - 07:38 AM.
172	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-02	A solid start, 7/10 I figure I've got to give the season room to get better. A pity they didn't start with the prologue from the book, but I can understand why they reaquainted the audience with the central, surviving, characters from the past season.
I did like hearing Sandor's line backing up Sansa with the whole bad luck to kill someone on your name day.
As usual the best dialogue is the stuff taken straight from the book.
173	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	Also, they're making Janos Slynt way more evil than in the books. I love it!It's too early to say it with 100% accuracy, but I think he's being portrayed as less pompous and self-entitled and more mean-like, cold-natured guy.
174	Princess of the Night	2012-04-02	Around 5-6. Not really bad, but not yhe best episode ever..
I don't like Melisandre either. Actress doesn't seem to be the right one for the role..
175	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-02	If I were to evaluate the episode on things like variation from the book or Melisandre's hair wasn't red enough, it would be a 7, but I enjoyed it too much, so I gave it an 8.
176	servethe_Realm	2012-04-02	I like the addition of Ros....is not in the books and a random extra character choice. BUt she's hot and I like a nice hot chick that occasionally gets naked. Im curious to see where they take Ros but it's not at the top of my mind.
Episode was slow but I was expecting that. I liked Dany's cracked lips in the Red Waste (random I know) and the gruesome puddle of blood left under the knight who fell from the balcony. eugh......
I am not feeling the Melisandre actress at all but we'll see if she redeems herself. I also liked how they showed us Bran's wolf dream through the eyes of Summer, that was neat and I'm looking forward to more dream scenes.
Only one week until a, hopefully, better episode with some of the carnage that Arry sees!
177	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	The scene was a bad way of doing so. It was heavy handed and clumsy. Or so I say. I wouldn't have minded so much if it was well-written, but it was like taking a 2x4 to the head - BIG THEME HERE in blinking, neon lights -- and not too much else. It's a bane to adaptation when material is dumbed down.I doubt it will be the bane of anything given the success the show has had, plus that it's impossible not to dumb the source material down when adapting it to a TV show. I'm not saying that this particular scene was unavoidable in any way but I do oppose the general statement as that definitely is inevitable.
178	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-02	I give it a solid 8. Some very good scenes mixed with a lot of places and characters, and some parts that did feel rushed. As an opening episode to the season, it did the job of establishing new characters and also rehashing important plot points from last year.
179	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-04-02	I gave it a 9.
I was very HAPPY they gave sandor a fighting scene as they took it away from him last season!  Also glad they added him defending Sansa in regards to Dontos.
They could've had her smile at him or something, though
I could've done without precious time wasted on Ros........pet peeve there.....grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
180	ctbj	2012-04-02	Good start, it's a good mix of book and imagination, personally I could of used a little more humor everything seemed really tense but that's the nature of the beast.  If they followed the book to a tee there would be no way we would get to book 4 you cant neglect characters for a whole season and expect TV fans to understand it. Like I have heard somebody on this board already say" i have already read the books, Entertain me now."
181	red roggo	2012-04-02	i give it  a7.5... loved the bran/summer warging... did anyone notice that the red of the weirwood tree's leaves was the only color summer saw that wasn't muted greens or grays, even when we looked at his reflection in the water?
182	Oberyn King	2012-04-02	I gave it an 8.  It was a nice start, but we waited a year for this episode, so anything less than perfect wouldn't do.  It will get better though.
183	Dracarya	2012-04-02	I was surprised to see that whore chick Ros back on the show. I can speak for every man on this forum that she is becoming somewhat of a favorite. I do wonder if she is going to be a reoccurring character.Also, they're making Janos Slynt way more evil than in the books. I love it!I just don't see why they feel the need to 'sex' the show up - it's good enough to draw in viewers. Ros is the only major downfall of the series, I'd say. Yes she's attractive but I'd rather not watch porn when I'm supposed to be enjoying the adaptation of my favourite books.
184	Ygritte's fur	2012-04-02	Also, it would have been hard to make Melisandre's eyes red but not cheezy. I thought she was a little over-the-top as described in the books anyway.
185	Ran	2012-04-02	About a 7.6 average with 205 ratings. Throwing out the top and bottom 5% to normalize the results, it goes up to a 7.7
I think that's pretty fair for this episode, so far.
186	BabyMeraxes	2012-04-02	Where THE FUCK was Baby Shereen and Patchface? The shadows should be dancin'! Stannis and crew were a little lame, and I wish the season would have started with them, and I wanted them to linger on Dragonstone a little while longer, but I have trust. Everything else was pretty good. I was also pretty inebriated. I'll continue the theme of a 7.
187	Et-In-Arcadia-Ego	2012-04-02	I just don't see why they feel the need to 'sex' the show up - it's good enough to draw in viewers. Ros is the only major downfall of the series, I'd say. Yes she's attractive but I'd rather not watch porn when I'm supposed to be enjoying the adaptation of my favourite books.I have to agree with you.  I know that there are several scenes of explicit sex in the books, but why does HBO feel the need to add more?  If I remember correctly, there were several sex scenes in the first season that were not in the book at all.   It must be to "flesh out" certain characters.  Yeah, that's it.I gave the this episode a 5.  They had a lot to accomplish with this season opener and I felt the episode suffered for it.  I generally love what they are doing for the series, but I can this becoming a problem thoughout the rest of the season.
188	TomBombadil	2012-04-02	10!!!!!!!!!!!!
189	boojam	2012-04-02	Why exactly was it called 'The North Remembers'? 
Yeah, yeah, Robb's having a go at Jamie, the ultimatum and his delegation of Cat.
All in all seems like it ought to have been called 'King's Landing's Brutality'.
190	NW Deserter	2012-04-02	I give it an 8 for me. The acting was basically spot on for every character, both old and new, and the visuals were exceptionally stunning, in particular the two CGI'd creatures and the wide city shots (Kings Landing, Robb's camp). Points were only lost for me because of the pacing issues.
191	Dracarya	2012-04-02	I have to agree with you.  I know that there are several scenes of explicit sex in the books, but why does HBO feel the need to add more?  If I remember correctly, there were several sex scenes in the first season that were not in the book at all.   It must be to "flesh out" certain characters.  Yeah, that's it.I gave the this episode a 5.  They had a lot to accomplish with this season opener and I felt the episode suffered for it.  I generally love what they are doing for the series, but I can this becoming a problem thoughout the rest of the season.Yeah definitely, I hope it doesn't continue. Ros is unnecessary; in the first season I understand it gave Littlefinger the chance to talk about his past, but was there a need for it to be so porn-like? I'm no prude, but I found it ridiculous, and it made it difficult to concentrate on what he was actually saying. I hope it's not going to be the same with this season. Plus, why is Ros suddenly the madam of the brothel? She's been there 5 minutes. I gave it a 9, mostly because I'm excited to have it back, and I felt they did a good job of catching us up on each character. Plus, Joffrey-slapping /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> One niggly thing is that Daenerys doesn't look like she's actually looking at Drogon. I know it's silly, they had to CGI it in so of course it's not realistic, but I was slightly disappointed.If they keep changing the characters, though, I will be majorly pissed off. Cersei and Littlefinger for starters, that scene was ridiculous. My cousin didn't understand what the hell was going on there, and she's read the books. Well, we shall see - like I said, trying to reserve judgment as it was only the first episode.
192	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-02	I did not like Mel. Did not have the strength of personality she did in the books.
I wish grey wind was more mean and harsher looking than just a blown up cg version of a normal wolf.
Craster was terrible. Bad form. 
Please get rid of Ros and the brothel training scenes! Seven hells I'm tired of it after season 1.
Seems all season 1 characters were the best and the new ones were awful.
The intro to all characters was far too rushed. If I had not read the books I'm not sure I would have a clue what's going on. Will talk about it with my friends tomoz who haven't read them but watch the series to see if they have a clue.
Did anyone notice just how closely Jamie looked like Tywin in his cell??
193	legba11	2012-04-02	8
Good, but stretched too thin.  Should have just introduced the Iron Throne (Lannisters, Robb/Catelyn/ Team Stannis) storylines this week.  Next week, they could have introduced Dany and Robb's stories.
194	RhymesWith_FREAK	2012-04-02	I do not like Stannis at all so far on the show. Sure it's the 1st episode but he seems way to subdued.  Definitely wouldnt have been my choice of casting but lets see how it plays out. No Sen Bean may hurt this season I'm afraid. I was let down a little bit but I have total faith in the show getting better as the season goes. But the 1st episode didnt meet the level of anticiapation I had for it
195	mmp	2012-04-02	The Littlefinger/Cersei scene was a bit clownish on Cersei's part. Just didn't feel natural. (I was expecting her to command her guards to square dance.)
Ros is... well, "just a dumb slut, but a letter for every part."
I didn't like Robb/Cat's writing. Everything felt awkward, forced.
Music was cued in the middle of conversations (Tyrion + Cersei, Joff + Dontos), awkwardly. "Ease into it..."
Hopefully things will slow down and chill out through the rest of the season.
7.5/10
196	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-02	...wig is worse than the ones Dany and Cersei wear.You know, considering the budget for the show, you think they could've gotten better wigs.Considering the budget, why the hell do they refuse to dye Cersei's eyebrows?  I can deal with the crappy wig if only I wasn't constantly jarred by the contrast of her eyebrows.  Her eyebrows make her wig bad and it would cost just a tiny amount of money to lighten them.
197	Lord Belmore	2012-04-02	I ended up giving it a 7.
The Good:
-Tyrion and Joffrey are at least as great as they were last season. Sansa and Dantos were also good.
-The CGI dragons/wolves look wonderful.
-They're doing a great job fleshing out Robb.
-I had no problems with Craster's Keep, and it fit with how I had imagined it.
-The ending bastard montage was absolutely perfect.
-Stannis approving the letter denouncing the Lannisters and their incest was excellent.
-The Cersei-Joffrey scene was superb.
-I haven't seen many people mentioning it, but I really liked Bran's lone sequence this episode. How Bran is learning to rule is a nice foil to how Joffrey is learning to rule, and Luwin is a very likable character. It also gives a glimpse of some of the negative sentiments stirred even from a war the Starks, and the viewer as identifying with them, view as necessary and just.
-They didn't have much to work with in this episode, but I think all of the new actors will be fine.
-I actually liked the Ros scene well enough; however...
The Bad:
-My problem with Ros isn't that her scene was bad but that we're losing other scenes to stick her in. Without her lead-in to the bastard-killing, we could have had a decent scene with some actual dialogue re: Arya, Yoren, Gendry, et. al going North.
-While I liked Robb's scenes, I am a little sad they took out the "send Umber" dialogue. It would've been a quick way to add some development, it would have pleased book fans quite a bit, and it would have been more clever and only equally time-consuming as what they instead went with.
-The Cersei-Littlefinger scene. It just doesn't fit with my conception of Littlefinger's character, though I understand why they're doing it. On the bright side, Cersei's response was comical, and it clearly displayed her philosophy on power. Maybe I'm just a book-Littlefinger fanboy.
-Without a doubt my biggest problem was moving the Cressen/Stannis scenes from the beginning to the middle. I don't think the actors were bad, but I think the adaptation essentially sucked all of the atmosphere and mystery out of the scene. I think that scene would have really benefited from being more like the book, coming at the beginning as an introduction to the new characters right off the bat (after which they could have been ignored the rest of the episode to please the crowd in seeing the Season 1 characters for the remainder, rather than randomly sticking them somewhere in the middle of this as was done). It was such a great season-opening scene, and I was really looking forward to it in advance. Unfortunately, I was left disappointed.
-The Daenerys-Rakharo scene was just weird. I'd take that entire scene out and give screentime to something more worthy.
-I'm sad Riverrun appears to have been removed thus far, but at the same time, I don't know what I would have taken out that would have yielded sufficient time to show it an a worthwhile manner. Maybe the Cersei-Littlefinger scene and the Ros scene would have been better replaced with a decent Riverrun, but I suppose there could also be budget issues with adding Riverrun to the mix. We'll see if they add it in the future, I suppose.
All-in-all, it was solid given what they needed to do. Most things left unmentioned (costumes, setting, camera work, the general feel of the world, the shifting intro, etc.) all remain very high-quality.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Belmore, 02 April 2012 - 11:51 AM.
198	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-02	I ended up giving it a 7.The Good:-Tyrion and Joffrey are at least as great as they were last season. Sansa and Dantos were also good.-The CGI dragons/wolves look wonderful.-They're doing a great job fleshing out Robb.-I had no problems with Craster's Keep, and it fit with how I had imagined it.-The ending bastard montage was absolutely perfect.-Stannis approving the letter denouncing the Lannisters and their incest was excellent.-The Cersei-Joffrey scene was superb.-I haven't seen many people mentioning it, but I really liked Bran's lone sequence this episode. How Bran is learning to rule is a nice foil to how Joffrey is learning to rule, and Luwin is a very likable character. It also gives a glimpse of some of the negative sentiments stirred even from a war the Starks, and the viewer as identifying with them, view as necessary and just.-They didn't have much to work with in this episode, but I think all of the new actors will be fine.-I actually liked the Ros scene well enough; however...The Bad:-My problem with Ros isn't that her scene was bad but that we're losing other scenes to stick her in. Without her lead-in to the bastard-killing, we could have had a decent scene with some actual dialogue or Arya, Yoren, Gendry, et. al going North.-While I liked Robb's scenes, I am a little sad they took out the "send Umber" dialogue. It would've been a quick way to add some development, it would have pleased book fans quite a bit, and it would have been more clever and only equally time-consuming as what they instead went with.-The Cersei-Littlefinger scene. It just doesn't fit with my conception of Littlefinger's character, though I understand why they're doing it. On the bright side, Cersei's response was comical, and it clearly displayed her philosophy on power. Maybe I'm just at book-Littlefinger fanboy.-Without a doubt my biggest problem was moving the Cressen/Stannis scenes from the beginning to the middle. I don't think the actors were bad, but I think the adaptation essentially sucked all of the atmosphere and mystery out of the scene. I think that scene would have really benefited from being more like the book, coming at the beginning as an introduction to the new characters right off the bat (after which they could have been ignored the rest of the episode to please the crowd in seeing the Season 1 characters for the remainder, rather than randomly sticking them somewhere in the middle of this as was done). It was such a great season-opening scene, and I was really looking forward to it in advance. Unfortunately, I was left disappointed.-The Daenerys-Rakharo scene was just weird. I'd take that entire scene out and give screentime to something more worthy.-I'm sad Riverrun appears to have been removed thus far, but at the same time, I don't know what I would have taken out that would have yielded sufficient time to show it an a worthwhile manner. Maybe the Cersei-Littlefinger scene and the Ros scene would have been better replaced with a decent Riverrun, but I suppose there could also be budget issues with adding Riverrun to the mix. We'll see if they add it in the future, I suppose.All-in-all, it was solid given what they needed to do. Most things left unmentioned (costumes, setting, camera work, the general feel of the world, the shifting intro, etc.) all remain very high-quality.Dany flirting w/ her bloodrider was just ludicrous.  If the show puts them together romantically, I'm done.
199	7V3N	2012-04-02	Am I the only one who hated it? I loved the music, the direwolves, KL and all. BUT that Littlefinger/Cersei scene killed it for me. Littlefinger would never let Cersei know that he had information on her. He plays in the shadows and the scene was too far out of character for him.
I also hated the portrayal of the Dragonstone scene. Stannis' character seemed like he is overdoing the hardness of Stannis to the point that it seems unnatural. Davos was good, and I don't know why Cressen bled from the mouth. The Tears of Lys leave no signs, just appear to be from choking.
Overall the episode seemed more like a "here we are" which I think could have been better accomplished with the recap intro. I wanted more of a "here we go" episode.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 02 April 2012 - 11:39 AM.
200	camradio	2012-04-02	Gave it an 8. Joffrey, Stannis and Tyrion were awesome. Not sold on Melisandre but we'll see how it goes. As far as Crastor's Keep I didnt think it was that bad, Yes it was supposed to be uber creepy but what can you do.
201	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-02	I liked the episode. Gave it an 9.
Melisandre looked terribly miscast.
Stanis was OK, if he was not what I imagined they made it up with letter writing scene.
202	ipsuel	2012-04-02	I doubt it will go down as one of my favorite episodes, and I was worried about all the changes that had been mentioned--but they didn't bother me as much as I thought they would. The Roz thing, though... lol... it's just a head-shaker for me. 
I will say this: I think it set up the season quite nicely. That's no small task. Although book readers may not have needed over simplified (as I felt much of it was), TV viewers who didn't read the books may appreciate the set up. Everyone is where they need to be, who they need to be, etc in order to get the season rolling. I'm OK with it and figure the season can only get better. 
And I loved the direwolves :-)
A solid 6 or 7.
203	TyrionsFlagon	2012-04-02	I gave it a 5. I hated the opening scene at the tournament. I wanted more. Tyrion was awesome, as were Cersei and Joffrey. I actually don't hate Cersei and Joff as much as I did while reading. What was that about killing the babies. That wasn't in the book. I felt that that was uncalled for.
204	Anduin Lothar	2012-04-02	I'm sorry but as compasionate person for kids/babies,  I thought the scene with killing Barra was uncalled for as well.  Its just human nature to react that way.  I understand their goals in trying to potray the monstrosity of Cersie/Joffrey but I still felt the baby killing scene went too far.  I'm glad they atleast didn't literaly show the gory details.  I had to rate it a 5 because of that scene and the sex scene that really didn't seem to really need to be in there.
					
					
							Edited by Anduin Lothar, 02 April 2012 - 11:49 AM.
205	7V3N	2012-04-02	I gave it a 5. I hated the opening scene at the tournament. I wanted more. Tyrion was awesome, as were Cersei and Joffrey. I actually don't hate Cersei and Joff as much as I did while reading. What was that about killing the babies. That wasn't in the book. I felt that that was uncalled for.The bastard killing was in the books, just not as explicitly shown like the show (they spent far too much time with that).
206	kissdbyfire	2012-04-02	I gave it a 7. Excellent acting (Jack Gleeson was brilliant!), pretty decent prop and background. It's difficult to see how some of the changes they've made are going to tie in with the main plots in the books.  I was disappointed that it didn't start with the Maester and Melisandre poison wine scene, but I think what they did help set up how mysterious and strange Melisandre is.At first I was a little disappointed when I realised it wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t start on Dragonstone but my disappointment only lasted a second. And then it occurred to me that part of the problem with starting the episode on Dragonstone is that they would be introducing a new plot and quite a few very important characters to viewers who may not have read the books. That can be quite tricky as people who arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t as familiar with this universe might have felt a bit lost. So I think it was wise to reacquaint these viewers with the characters they already know â<U+0080><U+0093> and refresh their memory as to what was happening at the end of the first series.I couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait to see that scene myself as Stannis and Davos are among my very favourite characters, and I absolutely love Stephen Dillane and Liam Cunningham. And now I can say it: I loved it! And as I was absolutely sure I would, I LOVE Dillane and Cunninghamâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Stannis & Davos, respectively.
207	Chelly	2012-04-02	I gave it an 8. It was pretty good, but I know there will be much more better episodes to come. Its good enough for a season premiere. I liked many of the added scenes, except Whore Academy II: Lessons in Moaning. THAT was not necessary and just a repeat of LF scene last year. Ros doesn't bother me as much as other people and I think the actress is both beautiful and works her scenes well. At least they are giving her something else to do. Other than that one minute, I love everything else!
208	Strider	2012-04-02	Honestly they should've have gone with a two hour premeire so they could really get somewhere.  I honestly don't see why some of you get upset when it varies from the book I think it's refreshing to change things up a bit.Little Finger Cersei scene was great foreshadowing if you read all the books and it was a welcome change in my opinion.Robb Stark scaring the crap out of Jamie with the Grey Wind was an awesome addition, and I love how he confronted Jamie directly about his incest something he did not do in the book.I pretty much agree with this assessment.  I agree that these were welcome and acceptable changes.The strength of this episode is that it brings the charge of incest to the fore.  The sin, or at least the allegation of the sin, has been published.  The great secret is no longer a secret.  Everything now flows from and revolves around this sin.  This is a change from the book, but I think it will be a strength in the television show.  Cercei, Jaimie, and Joffrey now find themselves rendered even more vulnerable because of the allegation.  It has empowered their enemies.  It is driving Cersei to further acts of desperation.  As I watched the episode, two literary allusions came to mind:  Herod and the massacre of the innocents and Lady MacBeth.   It's all very Shakespearean.I give the episode 7/10.  The episode was a bit too episodic for my tastes--and I was very disappointed with Craster and his keep--but I trust that subsequent episodes will build on and develop the themes of this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Strider, 02 April 2012 - 12:23 PM.
209	Abaddon	2012-04-02	I don't know why Cressen bled from the mouth. The Tears of Lys leave no signs, just appear to be from choking.If you're going to nerd-rage, you should get it right.  The Tears of Lys were (allegedly) used on Jon Arryn and result in a terrible fever.  The "Strangler" was used on Cressen; you are correct in that poison does result in asphyxiation and not bleeding from the mouth/nose (which was a little silly IMHO).
210	Crown	2012-04-02	I'm giving it a 9. I freaking loved it. However, I'm a little bit biased, since I find it difficult to hate on something I love.
211	The GreatRon	2012-04-02	8
Stannis and Davos were both awesome
Jack Gleeson is incredible, definitely best performance of the episode
Seems like their making Robb into an ultimate badass.
Grey Wind was awesome.
Wasnt thrilled with Craster, but seeing Dolorous Edd was cool.
The whole Shae / Tyrion Pretty woman moment sucked
Ros scene sucked, I don't like the unnecessary sex stuff
Dany-Bloodrider, please dont!!!
212	Aegnor	2012-04-02	If I had never read the book, I'd say it was great, but there were so many little changes that didn't seem like they needed to be made.  A partial list:1.)  Changing the nameday tourney to a melee instead of a joust.I think this was totally due to cost.  I've noticed a lot of places where having horses would have been more appropriate, but they didn't have them.  It was mentioned in the commentary to episode 8 on the Blu-ray that they were originally going to have Tyrion and the hill tribes arrive at camp Lannister on horseback, but that they must have used up their horse budget.  I am sure that not only having horses, but having them jousting would have been quite expensive, and not worth the cost.2.)  Having The Hound fight in the tourney, when in the book he didn't, referring to it as a "tournament of gnats."I think they did this because they wanted more scenes establishing him as a fighter.3.) Ser Dontos' acts which cause Joffrey to call for his execution were far less farcical than in the books-and it was on HBO, so there is no excuse not to show him flopping around, trying to get on a horse.I agree with this.  I think he should have been more obviously drunk and comical.5.) Having Janos Slynt kill the suckling bastard instead of Allar Deem.They can't really just introduce an unknown character like that in the series.  It totally makes sense that they would merge the two roles and I think it was the right choice.
213	scurvy	2012-04-02	Didn't like Shae in the Tower of the Hand.  Didn't like it at all.
Also didn't like Craster's Keep.  I always thought of it a a scene out of the Odyssey, very surreal and absurd.  I think Terry Gilliam would be the perfect director for Craster's scenes, including those in SoS, which take the absurdity to a much more surreal level.
214	Caro99	2012-04-02	out of 100, i'll give it a 89
215	As high as honor	2012-04-02	Gave it a 9. I thought it was great. They gave just a little bit of every story line so everyone is updated on what has happened since season 1 ended. 
It also seems that Roz is like Chataya and/or Alayaya from the books.
I was hoping they would open with the entirety of the Dragonstone scene. Would of loved to see Patchface as well. But hey, you can't get everything when HBO is only giving you 10 episodes and a somewhat restricted budget.
216	King's Landing	2012-04-02	I thought this was a good episode.  I rate it an 8.  I liked the little changes from the book and thought they were all good.  The only nitpick I have from the book is the look and feel of Craster's place, but I am willing to overlook that as it is only a minor thing.  I watched with some friends of mine, a few who are non-book readers and they loved the episode and cant wait for more.  Overall, I thnk it was a good episode for a first episode of the season.  I realized they had to make some changes from the book to get everyone caught up again with all the characters. I thought the new characters introduced were good.  I quite like Stannis and Melisande.   Davos is good too.  I am looking forward to next week.
217	gramblor	2012-04-02	lol mine is the only vote at <5.What do you guys even see in this show?Granted, I don't watch much television. I'm glad game of thrones is on TV and that it will bring more people to read the books. I think they do an OK job with the casting and I understand that there are limitations in the film medium that have to be worked around to bring this story from the page to the screen.But when I'm watching the show I feel like I am seeing some unimaginative person's impression of the books. Maybe unimaginiative is too harsh of a word but I feel like all the scenes are pale visions of what happened at that point in the story. I feel like I am watching a rewrite with all the scenes contrived to fit together instead of just flowing along, all the best parts like the battles are cut or edited out and the characters all come across as dull (except Tyrion)--how is this possible when I read these books and feel like I am ALIVE alongside them? In the books, I don't even like Tyrion!This episode in particular was kind of slow paced--really bad mistake for a premiere, IMO. They move things around all the time they could have put some exciting stuff in here!None of the characters looks like how I imagine them but I forgive it every time if the actor is even the littlest bit good. But Jon Snow is the worst not only does he not remind me of book-Snow at all, the actor who plays him just stands around gaping all day at nothing.And where was Gilly? If they introduced her it flew over my head.Jaime Lannister looked like he was SLEEPING when Grey Wind came up to attack him--I laughed. And why put fake-outs like that in the show in the first place? They could make Grey Wind actually intimidating by showing him ripping out people's throats in a battle--but they never seem to show any battle scenes.Cersei talking to Littlefinger was a good scene until she told her soliders to close their eyes--and they all turned to follow her when she left! I guess they have eyes in the back of their heads and x-ray vision so they can see through their helmets. That mistake could have been fixed by one line, "GUARDS!"I thought Melisandre was okay until she opened her mouth.I just can't take this show seriously and it does not give me anywhere near the rush I get from reading. To all y'all who watch the show and haven't read the books do yourself a favor and READ THEM I don't care if the only time you read is when you take a shit in the morning and it takes you a year, you will not regret it because this show is like a window to someone else's window of Westeros and you will not regret it if you just take a peek outside your own head.If you prefer your visions of the books to the screen adaptation, why do you even bother watching the TV show? As a fan of the books (before seeing the TV show) it is really a dream come true to see these things being adapted to a visual format. They have done a very good job of finding actors who envision the qualities of the characters from the books. The locations are well suited to the writing. It's a TV show BASED on the books, if you think the adaptation is so horrible, you should probably just stop watching it.
218	wolfpack13	2012-04-02	I don't have any issue with the casting of the new characters as I am reading some people do.   I do however have a concern that they aren't going to portray the unusualness (couldn't think of a better word)  of the people from places other than Westeros-	 I didn't even see Mel's ruby glowing- are the hair and beards of the Tyrosh and slavers going to be really extravagant?	   I think a big part of this world is how different and oddly the epoples are and I hope it doesn't come off as too homgoneous.
219	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-02	I give it a solid 8, bordering on a 9.  Not perfect by any means but a strong opening to the season.
220	Ser Graymax	2012-04-02	8
Crasters Keep (and Craster himself) were much too clean.
Shae (Brrrr) Tyrion could do so much better.
Millisandre (and as stated many times, Cersei) should be much better looking.
Danny still my least favorite.
What?  No outrage at killing babies?  /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
Davos was excellent, jury is still out on Stannis but I think he is true to the books.
All in all what I expected from a first episode of the season.  Hope the non readers werent too lost at Dragonstone.
Edit
Ser Dontos was totally wrong IMHO.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 02 April 2012 - 04:21 PM.
221	Snowman3131	2012-04-02	(I apologize in advance for misspelling any names. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' /> )
Gave it an 8. I did watch it twice, back-to-back.
Nothings perfect so a 10 is immediately out of the question.
Was very impressed with how some things were introduced in an efficient manner (specifically the important plot items from Dragonstone. The incest letter, the Cesson/Melisandra standoff, intro of Davos, burning of the Seven/intro to R'hollor) weighing along with it that they can't be true to the book with less than 40 episodes. I'm sure my opinion is jaded by that inevitable disappointment.
I am not at all happy with the whole Roz angle. I'm just assiming it is just gratutious sex to feed the lower denomenator of fan/viewer population who needs that to stay interested. There's plenty already in the book. The Margarey scenes they have sneaked in are added. Obviously, fir the future storylines, she wasn't sexual in the books at all to this point.
I agree with most everyone else; the LF/Cersi scene was unnecessary.
Craster was in my mind much uglier, older, etc...
222	True Northerner	2012-04-02	Hi, long time reader, first time poster.
It surprises me to read so many negative comments. This is an artists interpretation of a work. No one was promised a word for word recreation of the novel. While I think it is fair to disagree with some of the interpretations, it's important to remember the opening credit that reads "Based on the best selling novels by GRRM".
For an interpretive work, I am thoroughly impressed. And I enjoy the deviations, it lets me see how others interpreted what was written.
If I wanted word for word, I would re-read the books.
223	teemo	2012-04-02	Why didn't Shae say "My giant of Lannister?" /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  And she's sleeping in the Hand's Tower.  Ugh.
224	Daenerys	2012-04-02	Too late.  They did.  This was another unwelcome change.They did?? It wasn't clear to me who the orders came from. And considering Cersei had just been interacting with Slynt, if anything it seems more attributable to her. And the scene with Littlefinger shows they aren't softening her ruthlessness that much. Or did I miss something where the source was revealed?
225	Dacie	2012-04-02	A solid 8/10.
Minor complaints:
Wish they would've opened with Dragonstone
LF/Cersei
Craster's keep
Ros, evidently the new pimp of Westeros
Really liked:
Robb, Jaime, Greywind
Robb and Theon
Tyrion and Cersei
The killing of the bastards transitioning to Arya and Gendry
As long as they stay as close to books as possible I'll be happy. I'm also a fan of the Sookie Stackhouse books, and if HBO did to GoT what they've done with True Blood... /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
226	Cowmilker00	2012-04-02	I gave it an 8
I wish they put in Davos background but it seems like we might have to wait till SE for that
Also Stannis letter got to Robb before Cat left which makes ruins the later Stannis/Renly/Cat convo
227	int11	2012-04-02	I really enjoyed it. 7 or 8.
Acting: Overall seems to have been upped a notch. Cercei, Tyrion and Joffrey stood out... Sansa, Bran -- all great.
CGI: The wolves and the dragon were extremely impressive. Shae in front of the the King's Landing scenery didn't look too well, though (but this was a problem with season 1 as well; lighting actors in front of big bright backdrops isn't very easy).
Littlefinger/Cercei and Joffrey/Cercei: Yes, it was surprising at first, but it doesn't really bother me (unless we see some major character changes during the next episodes). The scenes were actually quite enjoyable.
Robb/Jamie: I liked how Grey Wolf was introduced. Jamie wasn't scared, but of course you flinch when a direwolf snaps at you.
Catelyn: I like the book-Cat more than the way they're portraying her so far in the show.
Stannis: Well played! I think I might enjoy his screen time this season. Same goes for Davos.
Melisandre: Because she is the most embarrassing character from the novels I didn't expect much from her scenes. The introduction of such a character even got a little chuckle from some of my non book-reading friends. I have nothing against the actress, though, and yes, she's hot. Who knows, maybe I come to like the character.
Bran: Well acted. I enjoyed him talking to the lords with Luwin.
The wolf dream: I liked how Bran checked out his own reflection in the water after having the dream. The dream itself was also well done. Of course my non book-reading friends aren't quite sure what's going on here, but that's GOOD.
Ros: I don't care for the character, but I don't think she does any damage either.
Daenerys: Not too exciting.
My non book-reading friends haven't seen any teasers, character presentations etc. But they thought the episode was very cool, and they all understood the poisoning and the bastard-killing. The only question I got was "Who was Renly again?" I'll let that one pass ...
Overall I'm impressed they're able to make such a great show. I'm certainly very grateful.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 02 April 2012 - 07:52 PM.
228	mtwebster	2012-04-02	Gave it a 3
- I think Craster was mis-cast/mis-portrayed
- far too many scenes re-written/combined for my liking.  A few things just plain didn't make sense - everything seemed very patchwork 
- The whole tension between Melisandre and Cressen - Cressen drank first without provocation?  Was he committing suicide?  He should have been taken by surprise that she wanted him to drink as well.  Or else I misread the book scene entirely.
- Any scene with Tyrion my wife just rolls her eyes - and to be honest she's got a point - all his scenes play out like bad porn.  I'm trying to figure out if he's written that way as well and I just don't realize it.
Obviously I won't stop watching, but hopefully it improves once things are set up.
229	teemo	2012-04-02	- The whole tension between Melisandre and Cressen - Cressen drank first without provocation?  Was he committing suicide?  He should have been taken by surprise that she wanted him to drink as well.  Or else I misread the book scene entirely.No, you're right.  Meli drank it first.  A big, long gulp too, if I remember correctly, before handing it to Cressen.  And The Strangler doesn't make you bleed from the mouth like some kind of vampire, so that was kind of dumb as well.
230	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-02	I gave it a 7 because 7.5 isn't an option. My husband thought it was slow but I pointed out, it's the season opener and has to 1) introduce new characters, and 2) get us somewhat caught up with where everyone is. Personally, the pacing didn't bother me. ACOK goes slow anyway.
I really am glad at how they are handling Jaime's character. It's a good deviation from the book since we don't really see him until quite late. I like him being a traveling prisoner with Robb and adds more depth to Robb's character while not detracting from Jaime's. And that direwolf. Now, that's a direwolf. Can't wait to see to the others this season.
I'm pleased they did a warging scene with Bran. I wondered how they were going to do that visually and just with that one scene, I'm pleased. That's such a huge part of Bran's character that it's not something that can be cut, imo.
Melisandre was okay. She creeps me out in the books and so far, I'm not getting a  creepy vibe from her on the show. I worry she might be overacting the part.
I always imagined Craster as slimier than what was on last night but maybe because that whole thing just makes me want to take a hot shower in bleach. Craster, Freys, and Ramsay Bolton make my stomach turn.
I think a tad bit more explanation could have been done with Stannis at Dragonstone but I think it's a good intro to him especially with his dictating the letter declaring Joff a bastard.
I enjoyed the added interaction between Cersei and Joffery and Cersei and Littlefinger. Adds to the story and fleshes out the characters without diverging too much from how the characters are portrayed in books.
Favorite line: He's prettier than some of my wives!
231	teemo	2012-04-02	Melisandre was okay. She creeps me out in the books and so far, I'm not getting a  creepy vibe from her on the show. I worry she might be overacting the part.You're spot on.   I think she comes off more as a goofball quack in the show.  But in her defense, it is a difficult role.  At least she looks perfect for the part.
232	Broken Fox	2012-04-02	Season 2 is off to a great start.
- The casting of Stannis, Davos and Melisandre are spot on.
- Lena Headey as Cersei has improved drastically. She's looking hotter, too.
- Good to see more of Robb, as he wasn't around much in the second book.
- Grey Wind looked fucking rad.
233	tyrions sliced nose	2012-04-02	Id give it an 8, really liked it but for a person that has read the books numerous times i already know about the characters which they are introducing this year and understand why the episode had to focus on that for the people that havent. Still, i loved it and cant wait till next week.
Anyone know how many people tuned in to watch it? when do the numbers come out?
234	Carey Snow	2012-04-02	I very much enjoyed the episode. I try not to compare it to the book and just enjoy it on its own merits. I thought the pacing was quicker than in the first season and I was never bored. Joffrey and Sansa have a lot of dynamics as does Cersie and Tyrion. I was surprised they showed the baby killing as directly and in your face as they did and not just hint at it. Though it does add danger and tension to Gendry and Arya.
I was dissapointed that Craster was not more foul, drunk, dirty and openly obsene with his wives. It was way grosser in the books. It will be interesting to see how this plays into Gilly's and Sam's story.
235	Orangutangu	2012-04-02	I rated it a 5, as I was really quite disappointed with this episode, more than anything I thought it was a weak opening of a new season.I suspect that I might think slightly better of it after a re-watch, as it took quite a few episodes to get me into season 1, but when I did, I really loved it, even the early episodes that I didn't really warm to to begin with.Nevertheless, here are my initial thoughts (in no particular order):1. I hated the sex. Hated it. I thought the whole whore house/Ros scene was pretty clumsily done, but the sex really bothered me. I actually didn't have a problem with it in season 1 (unlike many people I know); sure, some of it wasn't strictly necessary to tell the story they wanted to tell, but the books are unashamed in their descriptions of sex, and so I think it is appropriate that the TV series is too. For some reason it really didn't work for me in this episode, though. I find it hard to put my finger on exactly what it was, but something made it feel a lot more pornographic to me this time around.2. The burning of the idols was a very powerful scene visually, but lost impact because the Faith of the Seven has never been established/explained. The series has so many characters and plot lines to juggle that I understand perfectly well why they don't want to spend time explaining the different religions as well, but I was watching it with people who haven't read the books and their reaction was to ask 'Are these statues supposed to be important?', 'What do they mean?', 'Why haven't we heard of this before?', and so on.3. I loved Maester Cressen's chapter in the book, but although I agree that you don't understand his motivations for trying to kill Melisandre properly with the way they did it in this episode, I think it makes perfect sense that they did what they did. They are already struggling to give enough screen time to much more important characters, so I have no problem with Cressen's role being trimmed down like that.4. I actually really liked both Stannis and Davos! (I see a lot of you didn't.) I don't think I'll be able to say how I feel about Melisandre before I've seen a bit more of her, but I think she is beautiful, not plain at all. The Davos character does seem to appear a bit out of nowhere, and you don't really understand who or what he is if you don't already know, but presumably this will be dealt with in episodes to come.5. Joffrey's name day tournament felt really rushed. I have no problem with it being a melee in stead of a joust, but the dialogue didn't feel as refined as the writing from season 1, and the Dontos story was clumsily done.6. My problem with the tournament scene was really the same as my main problem with the episode as a whole. I understand the challenges they faced in trying to fit all that information into one episode, but too much of it ended up feeling rushed. When I say rushed, I don't just mean the pace of it, or that some scenes were cut very short, but also that some scenes simply felt unfinished. This includes the Cersei/Littlefinger scene.7. I agree that the Craster's keep scene felt too hurried and that Craster looked a bit too clean. That being said, I thought his acting was good, and I liked the set. My main problem was that it, like many of you have said, wasn't as scary as it could have been. This might be getting into the realm of nit-picking, but I also think it is a little bit problematic that it is the first thing you see beyond the Wall. They do mention that they have seen several abandoned villages on their way there, but the way it was shown it felt a bit like that the keep was situated pretty much immediately outside the Wall, and you don't get a sense of the vast wilderness there really is.8. I wanted to see much more of Arry, but that probably means that what we did see was pretty good /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />9. 10. DANY'S WEIRD INTERACTION WITH RAKHARO!!!! WHHHATTTT IN SEVEN HELLS WAS THAT!! They better not get romantic!! Yeah, that felt really weird and wrong, perhaps especially because it came seconds after she had a tender moment with Jorah, which was confusing. Don't know what was going on there. My first thought was that they might be  
	Spoiler replacing Daario with Rakharo, but I really don't know 
10.The scene with Robert's bastards made it seem like he had fathered half the children in Kings LandingI actually really liked the slaying of the bastards. (Ok, it feels really wrong to say that, but that it was gruesome to watch, as I think it should be.) I didn't see it as Robert having fathered hundreds of bastards, but rather the gold cloaks slaying any baby in any house where Robert was at any time rumored to have bedded a girl, a bit like Herod killing all the baby boys in Bethlehem just to get rid of Jesus, and I thought that was appropriately horrifying.11.The actress playing Catelyn has the most beautiful eyes.  Not pleased to see a lot of her ideas coming out of Robb's mouth, though.  But I guess that fits in with what they were doing with her last season.I too was a bit sad to see Robb taking over so many of Cat's ideas, but for the sake of the adaptation, I think it makes sense. It is important that they build up Robb as a strong character, and I think they are doing that well. I actually really liked him in the scene with Jaime.12. Apart from the killing of the babies, I don't think it felt bleak and dangerous enough. When reading the book, one of my first impression that 
	Spoiler  (spoiler alert just to be safe) the world of ACOK was even more deadly and dangerous than the world of AGOT, with dead bodies lying in the streets of Kings Landing and along the kingsroad and the people starving and running from their homes. From the moment Tyrion arrives in King's Landing you know that this is now a city at war. I'm hoping there will be more of this in the later episodes, though. 
 I guess what I am saying is that I wanted more of the kind of gruesomeness we saw when they were killing the bastards.13. In terms of the acting, I thought most of it was very good, Tyrion, Robb, Davos, Stannis and Joffrey especially. I never minded Ros before, but I thought her acting was terrible when she was repeating Littlefinger's lines from season 1. And I still find myself very confused about her and where they are going with her character.14. I thought the wolf dream scene worked surprisingly well. I was not sure they were even going to do that (though not doing them would have made things very difficult later.)There really is a lot that I really liked about E01 (as I hope you can tell), and in addition to what I have mentioned, I thought the CGI, the music, the intro and the cinematography were all pretty stunning. But I just didn't like the episode as a whole. I don't think it flowed well, and my friends who have not read the books really struggled to keep up.It seems odd that in many scenes (like the Littlefinger/Cersei scene) they seem to be afraid of being too subtle, and so over-explain things, whereas in other scenes they introduce characters and concepts (Davos, Melisandre, the burning of the seven) without any explanation at all.In a way it felt like neither the first episode of a new season nor an episode in the middle of a bigger whole, and I think that was the problem. Too many of the King's Landing scenes felt very flat, which is a shame as they are already struggling to get as much as possible out of the time they've got. I think it was a badly structured episode with many good elements in it, and I think there is certainly potential for season 2 to be very good, I just hope it doesn't take them too many episodes to get where they need to be.
					
					
							Edited by Orangutangu, 02 April 2012 - 08:33 PM.
236	Sven Wonders	2012-04-02	My wife who has not read the books,(I Have) was lost on alot of things going on. I found myself haveing to explain quite alot. I was dissapointed by crasters keep. They made it way to tiny. And I had always imagined Craster looking something along the lines of Lord Frey. Other than that I thouroughly enjoyed the first episode, cant wait for next sunday.
237	Slingingstones	2012-04-02	8/10
I view the books and tv adaptation as two separate entities. I don't find fault with either.  10 hour long episodes require flexibility and I believe the writers and actors have hit all my entertainment buttons.  I've viewed 2ep1 four times on hbogo just to pick-up on parts and pieces I missed during the first viewing...like Tyrion thanking LF with a "look" for his imprisonment ordeal in the Vale; or, Dolorous Edd's description of Craster's Keep, "...then we fell on hard times."  The audio was almost a little too low to enjoy his one liner.  Or Sansa's mouse-like responses after being smacked around by Ser Merwyn (carried over from season 1).  High marks all around.
238	tearloch	2012-04-02	So, has it been concluded that HBO is doing away with the wonder twins Reed kids, and replacing their role with the wildling woman?And has anyone figured out why HBO is making such a big deal over Ros?  What are they planning to do with her, since they have built her up way beyond what I remember from the books.
					
					
							Edited by tearloch, 02 April 2012 - 10:24 PM.
239	NW Deserter	2012-04-02	Why do people keep thinking that there is something between Dany and Rakharo in the show? I didn't get that impression whatsoever. It just seemed like a loyal servant wanting to help out his lord. The bloodrider relationship among the Dothraki is an extremely close bond, closer even than siblings, but it's never sexual. You guys are reading too much into that little scene.
240	teemo	2012-04-02	I had friends that were non-book readers call/text me to ask if Dany was going to get busy with her bloodrider soon.  And it's a theory that is out there on other forums as well.  We don't see it since we're book readers, but apparently a lot of people do.  I still firmly believe it was just supposed to be a touching (although awkward) moment between her and Drogo's friend and now of the blood of her blood, but...who knows.
It was weird how Dontos didn't seem drunk like....at all.
As far as the Reeds, it's very sad that they were cut.  I can live without the Blackfish (barely), but Jojen would have been really freakin' cool to see on HBO.  Instead we just get...Osha.
Oh, and no three slaps to Tyrion from Cersei was disappointing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  That could have been clever and funny as hell, with Tyrion's witty little quips and all.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 02 April 2012 - 11:44 PM.
241	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-03	I had friends that were non-book readers call/text me to ask if Dany was going to get busy with her bloodrider soon.  And it's a theory that is out there on other forums as well.  We don't see it since we're book readers, but apparently a lot of people do.  I still firmly believe it was just supposed to be a touching (although awkward) moment between her and Drogo's friend and now of the blood of her blood, but...who knows.It was weird how Dontos didn't seem drunk like....at all.As far as the Reeds, it's very sad that they were cut.  I can live without the Blackfish (barely), but Jojen would have been really freakin' cool to see on HBO.  Instead we just get...Osha.Oh, and no three slaps to Tyrion from Cersei was disappointing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  That could have been clever and funny as hell, with Tyrion's witty little quips and all.I could see the bloodrider replacing Daario in the future since there are far too many characters for HBO to include in their 10 episode seasons.Im just hearing about the reeds being replaced now! What are they going to go when Osha takes Rickon?! Is it just going to be Bran and Hodor vs the world??
242	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-03	Oh, and no three slaps to Tyrion from Cersei was disappointing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  That could have been clever and funny as hell, with Tyrion's witty little quips and all.That's the part I missed the most, and I'm shocked the writers didn't keep it in. I suppose it could show up later, but it really is an exchange best suited for when Tyrion first meets up with her after becoming Hand. Actually, it's very unlikely it will be kept, now that apparently everyone knows about Cersei and Jaime. I wonder if they'll keep Littlefinger coming up with the story about Stannis; probably not, since Shireen and Patchface aren't in the show.
243	Vandalism	2012-04-03	Like I said, it was the spark to ignite bigger fires later on. The short scenes we got were an example of how we were just being reminded of what's going on.
244	kissdbyfire	2012-04-03	Quote thingy not working for me... @NW Deserter, I agree with you. I didn't see even a hint of sexual tension or anything like that at all in Dany and Rakharo's scene in the Red Waste. I actually thought the scene was quite touching.
245	Vandalism	2012-04-03	Yes. Last thing our bad-ass series needs is typical gooey fan-girlism.
246	teemo	2012-04-03	That's the part I missed the most, and I'm shocked the writers didn't keep it in. I suppose it could show up later, but it really is an exchange best suited for when Tyrion first meets up with her after becoming Hand. Actually, it's very unlikely it will be kept, now that apparently everyone knows about Cersei and Jaime. I wonder if they'll keep Littlefinger coming up with the story about Stannis; probably not, since Shireen and Patchface aren't in the show.Yeah, it's dead /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Deleted scene? ...maybe? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />And I would really hate to see one of her bloodriders replace Daario.  Rahkaro is all sweet and lovey for a bloodrider, not Dany's type.  Daario is just a creepy weirdo and he doesn't even come around for a lonnnnggg time....
247	Orangutangu	2012-04-03	I had friends that were non-book readers call/text me to ask if Dany was going to get busy with her bloodrider soon.  And it's a theory that is out there on other forums as well.  We don't see it since we're book readers, but apparently a lot of people do.  I still firmly believe it was just supposed to be a touching (although awkward) moment between her and Drogo's friend and now of the blood of her blood, but...who knows.I agree that it's probably not meant to be anything other than a moment between Khaleesi and bloodrider, but only because of what I know about the characters and their stories from reading the books. If I try to look at the scene by itself, I think it looks a bit strained and awkward and generally quite confusing. When you read the books you get to see the change that Dany undergoes when she goes into the flames, and the actual scene where she names her bloodriders, but all the non-book readers know is that now she has dragons and suddenly she is interacting very differently with Rakharo. I can see why they would think something romantic was going on (especially without really understanding the concept of bloodriders, which you won't from just watching the TV series.)
248	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-03	My wife hasn't read the books so had a different take on the show. She thought Craster was revolting so I don't know how much worse they could have made him without turning into a panto villain. She also thought Mel was a nasty piece of work, so I'm not sure she came across as a 'goofball' as somebody mentioned.
249	The hairy bear	2012-04-03	8/10
I take one point for the episodic nature of the episode from one location to the other, another half for the needless and out of place sex training day in the brothel, and another half for the mistep in Littlefinger's characteritzation.
250	Songlian	2012-04-03	I gave it an 8, and felt it was a really great episode. Perhaps a bit slow on plotting, but that was to be expected from the first.
The Lannister cast took the prize as far as I'm concerned (Lena is up ten notches!), but it was so good to see everyone again, they could have probably played with a bucket on their heads and I wouldn't have cared. A little disappointed with Jon's scenes so far.
I hope there's a rerun. Soon.
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 03 April 2012 - 05:22 AM.
251	Pedro Ricardo Ferreira	2012-04-03	Agree with most of the comments above.1) Craster's Keep and Craster himself, along with his "wifes" looked way more "civilized" (and well-fed) than they should.2) Melissandre is a good fit, but not such an imposing figure as to be expected.3) Joffrey and Tyrion are amazing, especially "the king". He really makes us hate the character.But, all in all, great job.
					
					
							Edited by Pedro Ricardo Ferreira, 03 April 2012 - 06:04 AM.
252	tearloch	2012-04-03	Totally agree on Craster.  He was nothing like what I pictured.  He seemed more like an angry old farmer than some disgusting incestuous pedophile.
The thought of HBO replacing Dario with the bloodrider may make some sense.  That may explain that "moment" with Dany....  [Edited for potential spoiler]
Same could be said about the absence of the Blackfish (although that is the first I heard about him being dropped by HBO).  I was really hoping to see the Blackfish kick ass on screen.  [edited for potential spoiler]
And the Reed kids being gone is probably the biggest problem I have with HBO's presentation so far.  There are some big implications here.  [edited for potential spoiler]
[edited] Sorry for any potential spoilers.
					
					
							Edited by tearloch, 03 April 2012 - 10:04 AM.
253	lyvyathan	2012-04-03	I'll give it a 9/10.
Don't you love the awesome attention to detail - the clothes, the uniforms, the set design, the locations? It took a great deal of effort and money to film it that way instead of a backyard Studio park.
I also loved the transition and juxaposition of the scene between Catelyn+Robb and Cersei+Joff - very similar, very character focused - and it helps to build up to the subsequent events (which we'll see later hint hint).
I agree with everyone who thought that Craster's Keep was much too clean - Craster also looked too clean - like a normal medieval Lord living in a civilized world- and not a crazy old man stuck in the middle of nowhere having incestuous sex with his daughters. At the very least he should have had a big beard, looked unkempt etc which is more in keeping with someone whose living in a land too cold to take a shower or shave.
Ros/ whorehouse scene - usually I like to see pretty women - but I'm starting to get annoyed by this HBO added character - I don't think she adds a hell of a lot to the plot.
I liked the actresses playing Melisandre. However - I felt the scene at Dragonstone lacked more gravitas somehow. The actor playing Stannis looked very... unregal... almost incompetent - hardly someone who looks like a successful battle commander (and I was surprised because the actor was great in another HBO series)
The actor was played Davos was great - and would have made a better "Stannis". But he has a bearing that doesn't look like a "ex-smuggler" to me.
I also thought HBO Cersei should have showed greater revulsion towards Tyrion, esp. his kiss. I wanted to see her flinch in disgust.
The showdown scene between Cersei and LF seems a bit ... indulgent. The book LF would never be so silly as to provoke Cersei in that manner - correct me if I'm wrong.
I could imagine LF giving that speech about power to Ros - but to Cersei, c'mon that's ridiculous!!!
254	lyvyathan	2012-04-03	I rated it a 5, as I was really quite disappointed with this episode, more than anything I thought it was a weak opening of a new season.1. I hated the sex. Hated it. I thought the whole whore house/Ros scene was pretty clumsily done, but the sex really bothered me. I actually didn't have a problem with it in season 1 (unlike many people I know); sure, some of it wasn't strictly necessary to tell the story they wanted to tell, but the books are unashamed in their descriptions of sex, and so I think it is appropriate that the TV series is too. For some reason it really didn't work for me in this episode, though. I find it hard to put my finger on exactly what it was, but something made it feel a lot more pornographic to me this time around.Maybe its the gay sex - ie Renly + Knight of Flowers that you are missing?
255	tryagainlater	2012-04-03	I gave it an 8, I really enjoyed the episode.
I do agree with some of the complaints like with Craster's look but it didn't really bother me that much. The show did seem to just be ploughing through the scenes without any rest but I guess I can understand that. The bastard purging scene...yikes! Children really aren't safe on TV anymore.
256	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-03	I've deliberately not read any other comments on this thread, so as to give my personal take without influence /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I gave the overall episode an 8.  I felt that an awful lot was crammed in to set us up for the rest of the season, which is understandable, but I felt only one or two scenes were truly explored in depth as far as character was concerned.  We certainly saw how far Robb has come, for instance, in his wonderful scene with Jaime (well done to both actors, there - and of course a massive hug to the CGI department for Grey Wind).  Robb and Cat's scene was also fully explored.Any chance to have the excellent Lena Headey on screen in conflict with anyone at all, is OK by me, so I did enjoy her scene with Littlefinger up to a point - and for once Gillen didn't make me cringe either.  From a writing point of view, however, I thought it was a bit clumsy to have LF expose his hand so soon - but only time will tell if they've handled this correctly for the rest of the season.Slightest disappointment: (Puts on armour) - I am a huge fan of Tyrion/Dinklage, but felt he swaggered through this a bit, and hope he settles down into his usual more subtle performance.  I'm sure he will - I've seen some teaser clips from upcoming episodes where he's got it together again.New main characters:  I thought Robert Pugh pulled off Craster well - that was how I saw him in the book.  There was an almost pseudo-avuncular aura about him that made him twice as vile, IMHO.  I did expect his home to be bigger somehow, but that's no real complaint.Stannis:  I loved him in the books - and as I personally have always seen him as a sort of latterday Tiberius (grim, soldier-ruler whom nobody loves) I was pleased with the first shots of him.  Dillane is a tremendous actor anyway, and gives the beautifully understated performances that a character like Stannis demands.Melisandre:  Apologies to Carice.  When I first saw her in the clips I wasn't convinced.  Last night, she won me over.  Again, I always prefer the understated, more subtle performances than the big melodramatic ones, and I actually found Mel's nonchalant 'take me or leave me' delivery to be quite effective.  Yep - Mel was a hit for me.  We'll have to see how she goes.Davos:  What can I say?  Book character brought to life for me.  I love the Onion Knight anyway, and so far Liam Cunningham is living up to everything I hoped for.Overall - a few scenes dangled and seemed rushed as we sped round the various localities to catch up with our characters from Series 1, but that is understandable.  I groaned - as usual - when we shot to Ros again, but realised that she was once again the device for exposition of a scene not in the POV of a major character (the killing of the bastards).  However, for me she rapidly became a tired device in Series 1.  And Shae remains a total disaster for me, I'm afraid.Perhaps my lasting image from this one was the look on Cersei's face when she realised that her control of Joff is slipping away.Can't wait for the next 9 episodes.
257	Loras	2012-04-03	i really enjoyed the episode, giving it 8/10.
I think if I were writing it I would have cut Jon's story from the episode.  I felt as though that portion of the episode really needed time to breathe.  Nothing was achieved and the scene between Jon and Mormont seemed as though it was disguised exposition.  More time could have been spent establishing Dragonstone (I agree with those who wish it had been the first scene).
The King's Landing scenes were a master class - beautifully shot, scripted and acted.  As were the scenes in Robb's camp.
I really liked Ros' whorehouse scene, it was an excellent bait and switch! That final sequence with Robert's bastards was excellent, some of the best scenes from the series so far! I got the same feeling from the end of this episode that I got at the end of 'Cripples, Bastards and Broken Things' - its all about to kick off!
258	Slick Mongoose	2012-04-03	520K viewers in the UK, a bit disappointing.
259	weirwood woman	2012-04-03	I gave it an 8. After reading all the comments , there were things that I had only given a passing WTF, like Crasters Keep, although not like the book description, I did feel the actor gave off a certain menace that would keep all the women of the household subject to his 'needs'.  The huge depiction of Greywind got  a big yes, so I forgave them for dragging Jamie through the battles. Robb definitely projected worthy leadership status, Joffry was brilliantly nasty, Melisandre was seductive in her power rather than scary - how I read her character anyway. (get more converts that way) Yep pretty good all round, except the irritating Roz/ whorehouse scenes. And I was watching it with a non reader so I didn't spoil their enjoyment by pointing out all the plot changes. I can appreciate the differences between the show and the books. The books are the Bible of this world (ASoIaF world I mean) while the show has become like an offshoot religion...same story, different interpretation. Does that make GRRM God???LOL
PS no offence intended to any religiously inclined person. If you are here on this site, this is our religion!!
PPS I also liked the way the scenes blended from one totally different location to another.
260	Leto Atreides	2012-04-03	...Holy crap thanks for all the spoilers. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
261	House Balstroko	2012-04-03	I give it a solid 8. A strong opening, that played out quite a bit differently than I expected .As far as  new cast members go, I'm really satisfied with, Davos, Stannis and Melisandre but not so much with Craster. He doesn't really look like a wildling, far too clean. I was hoping to see a bit more of Cressen as well.
I really liked how they showed the comet being viewed by different characters.
Looking forward to this season.
262	K1T	2012-04-03	Caster looks more like Santa to me. I expected to observe some crooked nose long grizzy haired wilding actually.
And again I had to explain my friends who didn't read the book who is who.
And yeah, whats wrong with that fake magic sword of Stannis, he just left it on the beach and when Onion knight picked it , its wasn't flaming anymore...
					
					
							Edited by K1T, 03 April 2012 - 08:53 AM.
263	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-03	And yeah, whats wrong with that fake magic sword of Stannis, he just left it on the beach and when Onion knight picked it , its wasn't flaming anymore...Isn't that because Davos isn't meant to be wielding it?  It will only flame/glow for Stannis - well if Mel puts her hex on it.  I took that bit as a visual metaphor.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 03 April 2012 - 09:19 AM.
264	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-03	520K viewers in the UK, a bit disappointing.Well up on last season's opener, though. And here in the UK there are still many households without Sky TV - strange as that seems to me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
265	Slick Mongoose	2012-04-03	Well up on last season's opener, though. And here in the UK there are still many households without Sky TV - strange as that seems to me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Last season's premiere was 743K according to digitalspy.
266	ckal	2012-04-03	I think the episode should have been 10 minutes longer. Some parts felt a little rushed but the episode had some really great parts.
267	lyvyathan	2012-04-03	I thought that the brothel scene and the killing of the infant was a bit too drawn out - in the book, it was only mentioned briefly. The filming of the slaughter of Robert's bastards wasn't as good as some of the other scenes.
268	lyvyathan	2012-04-03	520K viewers in the UK, a bit disappointing.Did anyone else feel that the lack of geographical "scene titles" ie - "Dragonstone: seat of House Stannis" - made it a bit confusing/off putting for non-readers?
269	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-03	I thought that the brothel scene and the killing of the infant was a bit too drawn out - in the book, it was only mentioned briefly. The filming of the slaughter of Robert's bastards wasn't as good as some of the other scenes.I think the bastard killing was the best scene of the show. It really showed what twats the Lannisters are. It was also pretty shocking for many viewers. HBO aren't scared of showing the gritty stuff.
270	Ile de Le Fleur	2012-04-03	I gave it a 6 and I know that's really harsh but I had VERY high expectations for this episode (I know-- we all did.) I think the episode really came to life during the second half, and I hope that's indicative of the quality upcoming for the rest of the series.
I don't have time to add any explanation but I'm going to watch it again tonight and coalesce my opinion a bit more... I was generally happy with the episode despite my harsh rating.
271	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-03	It was OK, 6 for me. Mixed up scenes (should have started with Cressen's like the book, which was WAY better in the book) and exonerated Cersei of any wrongdoing with regards to Joff which didn't sit well with me. I thought Jaime being scared but still defiant in the Grey Wind scene actually fitted his character fairly well. What tied up prisoner facing an unbluffable direwolf wouldn't be scared? But the changes, as noted, were less necessary than those seen last season. New characters fitted in well. Good acting across the cast.
272	Hot Pie Guy	2012-04-03	In case anyone was wondering, that was Gilly in the scene at Craster's keep, who talks about how "their husband protects them" or whatever.
273	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-03	Last season's premiere was 743K according to digitalspy.Thanks for the correction, Mongoose - I have gone back to the source in the Guardian and see I'd completely misread it.
274	WiseGreen	2012-04-03	Am I the only one who thinks the LF/Cersei confrontation is ok with his character? I've aleays portrayed him as a bit of a gambler, one who plays the game of thrones remarkably well but simply doesn't take it as seriously as he should. At different times, he's cocky, arrogant, patronizing about the others and prone to pinpoint their shortcomings when he thinks he can get away with it - he did it with Ned and Tyrion. 
	Spoiler He also took great pains to explain Sansa his schemes, his role in murdering Joffrey, and how he planned subduing the lords of the Vale, almost in a supervillain manner.

Until that moment, Cersei hadn't been specially power drunk with him or anyone, he probably underplayed her importance and her will to use her power, so he thought he could engage her in some funny insult trading like he did with lots of other people before.
Also, he wasn't exactly displaying some secret knowledge that was his ace in the sleeve - the cat was out of the hat already because of Stannis.
275	teemo	2012-04-03	But it appears that LF thinks it's a bad idea to do that to Cersei (as opposed to Tyrion/Ned) for whatever reason, because I can't ever remember him taunting her like that, or even close.  Their first conversation in aCoK actually is her praising him for his cleverness.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 03 April 2012 - 12:46 PM.
276	Ran	2012-04-03	Yes, it really doesn't fit at all. It's a scene that woks only if you suppose he's somehow not been at court for over 15 years and has no sense as to what she's capable of.
277	Hyper	2012-04-03	But it appears that LF thinks it's a bad idea to do that to Cersei (as opposed to Tyrion/Ned) for whatever reason, because I can't ever remember him taunting her like that, or even close.  Their first conversation in aCoK actually is her praising him for his cleverness.Again, remember the POV structure. Do you think Tyrion or Sansa (our KL POVs) were present at all Cersei/LF conversations?
278	teemo	2012-04-03	I don't think there is any excuse for the LF scene.  It was out of character.  Yes, he is human and can make mistakes, but there are some mistakes that some people never make from years and years of experience.  I would think a mistake LF would never make is randomly taunting a woman that he knows is wild, manipulative and aggressive.  He does that stuff with Tyrion and Ned because he knows they're not going to react like Cersei, and don't really have the power to.  I just have to accept it for what it is - book LF vs. tv LF are two different people.  That's fine, but it's not true to the books.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 03 April 2012 - 01:04 PM.
279	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	I think it was a conscious decision to tweak the character slightly and was meant to show that Cersei is a lot like Joffrey in her childish, impulsive use of her power. They don't have as much time to spend on this as the books had, so a quick few scenes served as reminders as to exactly why Tywin would want Tyrion there whilst Cersei and Joffrey are acting like irresponsible political idiots.
280	Snowman3131	2012-04-03	I had friends that were non-book readers call/text me to ask if Dany was going to get busy with her bloodrider soon.  And it's a theory that is out there on other forums as well.  We don't see it since we're book readers, but apparently a lot of people do.  I still firmly believe it was just supposed to be a touching (although awkward) moment between her and Drogo's friend and now of the blood of her blood, but...who knows.It was weird how Dontos didn't seem drunk like....at all.As far as the Reeds, it's very sad that they were cut.  I can live without the Blackfish (barely), but Jojen would have been really freakin' cool to see on HBO.  Instead we just get...Osha.Oh, and no three slaps to Tyrion from Cersei was disappointing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  That could have been clever and funny as hell, with Tyrion's witty little quips and all.I think the biggest reason the three slaps fell out...it's probably physically awkward. Standing up or sitting down, in live action, how would she hit him? From the books and our imagination, it's easier to "see".You look familiar. Do you live in Florida by chance?
281	Abaddon	2012-04-03	We already have an entire thread dedicated to the LF/Cersei scene, can we please keep the discussion there?
282	genegirl	2012-04-03	I gave it a 10.  I have no problem about deviating from the source material.  The book is excellent but I never cared for the introduction.  To the producers, directors, writers, actors and all the production people well done.  I am looking forward for the next 9 episodes.
283	Songlian	2012-04-03	Totally agree on Craster.  He was nothing like what I pictured.  He seemed more like an angry old farmer than some disgusting incestuous pedophile.You didn't find him disgusting enough? I was shivering every time he looked at Jon, lol.
284	James Arryn	2012-04-03	Wow, many seem to really disagree with me re: Craster. I thought the performance was awesome. Captured that weird combination of a guy who sees himself as a king in his own right and a back alley beggar angling for every inch he can get.
I also thought he was plenty creepy, but I think people's expectations were too based on plot. We know he's uber-creepy because of what he does...not because he wears a dirty "I **** my daughters!" t-shirt. That's what's central to his creepiness. Outside of that his dominant characteristics are being tough, mean, petty, grudging, dangerous, crude and intimidating. I think that's what Pugh nailed to a t.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 03 April 2012 - 04:15 PM.
285	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-03	The Cersei/Littlefinger scene didn't seem too bad to me after getting to know "neutered TV!Cersei" a little better. I don't really blame Baelish for assuming this lioness was lacking fangs.
Also, is it just me or is his voice a little... off?
ETA: 7/10.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 03 April 2012 - 04:55 PM.
286	teemo	2012-04-03	Also, is it just me or is his voice a little... off?ETA: 7/10.Yeah, his voice is definitely a little different.
287	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-03	Apparently he sounds a lot better in episode two. Maybe Aidan had a cold or something...
288	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	I pictured a fat, dirty guy with long scraggly hair and big bags under his eyes. I thought he was described somewhat like this in the books, but I could have made the whole thing up. <shrugs>
289	Pinn	2012-04-03	Overall I liked the first episode.   How in the world are they going to fit the rest of this book into nine episodes?
The only part that didn't work for me was Tyrion/Shea bedroom scene.  I thought the acting and dialogue felt forced and unnatural.  Not sure about Melisandre.  Looked a bit too straight to me.  Could have used a touch of HBC Bellatrix wierdness.    I think Liam Cunningham will be a good choice for Davos.
Cheers
290	teemo	2012-04-03	The only part that didn't work for me was Tyrion/Shea bedroom scene.  I thought the acting and dialogue felt forced and unnatural.  CheersNot to mention, completely opposite from the book in every way and very strange.
291	Lord_Chaplin	2012-04-03	Thought it was a pretty good episode. I would have liked to have seen a little more of Davos and Stannis.
292	Lord_Chaplin	2012-04-03	Second, it seems like they switched Maester Cressen's character and Davos' character!  Cressen was urging Davos to tell Stannis "the truth", and yet Davos has ALWAYS told Stannis the truth!  That's one of the reasons we AND Stannis love him.  On a corollary note, the way Melisandre treated Cressen was totally off-character.  In the book, she is very polite to him, even urging him to put aside the poisoned wine.  Well, there is one scene where she tells Cressen to where the fool's cap, but in general, she does not speak in the vulgar way that she talked to him "you smell of fear and piss and old bones"...that is NOT something Mel would say.  And she's not a favorite character of mine.  Also, I think that to people who haven't read the books, the burning of the 7 might be very confusing.  There is not enough information.  Imho, they should have spent more time on Dragonstone, with this man Stannis and Davos etc. whom the viewer knows NOTHING about -- the ones who haven't read the books, that is.The relationship between Davos, Stannis, and Melissandre in my opinion is going to be the hardest to portray in a short period of time. I figure give it sometime and see what happens, you never know. Why were there no clansmen or Bronn accompanying Tyrion into Joffrey's nameday jousting?  It was a symbol of his power.  I agree that Jack Gleeson does his part exceptionally well, but that leads me to another scene that I hate - where he says "how many women did he fuck when he got tired of you?" and Cersei slaps him.  She never does that in the book.  That's Tyrion's job.  Actually Bronn and the Clansmen follow Tyrion into the scene, right after the drunk is spared and made a Fool. Bronn is standing next to The Hound.
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Chaplin, 03 April 2012 - 07:17 PM.
293	Faceless_Girl	2012-04-03	I gave it an 8. I really liked it overall, the transitions between the comet scenes and the introductions of the new characters.
1. I really like how they are fleshing out Robb's character more in the show. I missed that big time in the books and I'm not even a Robb fangirl. I just thought he deserved better. He had a smart rebuttal for everything Jamie said. I like how he didn't let Jamie get the upper hand in the conversation.
2. I feel like I'm the only one that is really disappointed with Stannis's voice! The actor looks fine to me but his voice is just too high pitched. I imagined a more gruff, bitter sounding man.
3. I really liked Davos, thought his look was perfect but was he wearing his finger necklace? I couldn't tell
4. Last season I really thought the casting was SPOT ON (Ned, Walder Frey, Greatjon, Drogo, etc) but this year it just seems a little .. off. Maybe it's just the lull between seasons.. and the fact that I read the book before this season (had not read GoT when the show aired). Hopefully they will develop more and grow on me
5. Craster's acting was good but he just wasn't scraggly looking enough. He should've had a huge beard with bits of food in it.
6. Jon was actually annoying to me and I like him! I hope his future scenes in the North really show him losing the naivety.
7. I know it's nitpicky but WTF was up with Ser Dontos??! He was not right at all. Isn't Dontos supposed to be someone who *thinks* he's smart but is just drunk all the time? He just looked like an oaf to me. I suppose he'll look good in motley.
8. Cersei +1000. Lena's doing it for me this season. I'm looking forward to her relishing the power.
9. If the Reed's arent showing up, I'm really wondering how Bran will find out about the Knight of the Laughing Tree (or was that in SoS?) b/c there's no way Osha would know that
10. I really really really hope we are introduced to Podrick.
oh and last but not least: Where was Tyrion's line to Sansa "you're as loyal as a deer surrounded by wolves" and then her "lions" slip up. That does SO MUCH for her character and redemption showing that she still hates the Lannisters.
294	MegasAV	2012-04-03	Longtime lurker first time posting I rated the episode a seven,  agree with most of the other posts I couldn't stand the LF Cersei scene, also the brothel scene with Ros served no purpose.  But on the other hand I did enjoy the scenes between Robb and Theon, providing additional insight perhaps on Robbs decision making process to send Theon back the the Iron Islands.  Overall although I was disappointed with some of the changes from the book, I still felt they captured the essence of the chapters which this episode covered, and given that it's the first episode I am assuming future episodes will be much stronger.
295	Slingingstones	2012-04-03	I've read up-thread that some were not too pleased with the "Ros" character.  I've always wondered if she was really, (crackpot theory) Lynesse Hightower/Mormont.	I'm sure someone more versed in the history will set my mind to rest.  I realize the possibility she could be recognized; but, age can and often change one's looks.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 03 April 2012 - 08:54 PM.
296	teemo	2012-04-04	And why on EARTH did they have Dany's silver die?  She has that throughout the whole five books.  What PURPOSE does this serve?  I doubt I'll be watching any more episodes until the season ends.  Then I'll pirate them.  It's not worth paying 15 bucks a month to watch this shit that B&W have corrupted and made absolutely awful.  I refuse to pay for it anymore.  I'm really pissed about what they've done.  They said they'd be faithful to the story.  They lied.I guess since her story is so boring they had to think of something.  I told my fanboy friend that Silver is still alive and that I didn't understand the purpose of that death, and he said, "It's to show how wonderful and amazing and sympathetic and caring she is <3 <3." /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
297	lyvyathan	2012-04-04	I concur that the actor who plays Ser Dontos seems a bad actor- for one he doesn't look convincing as someone who just nearly faced a horrible death.
298	teemo	2012-04-04	I concur that the actor who plays Ser Dontos seems a bad actor- for one he doesn't look convincing as someone who just nearly faced a horrible death.Yeah, what was up with that guy?  I was expecting some HBO-shocking full-frontal drunk nudity, or at least a missing shirt..but the guy didn't even really look disheveled or even drunk, really.
299	lyvyathan	2012-04-04	And why on EARTH did they have Dany's silver die?  She has that throughout the whole five books.  What PURPOSE does this serve? I thought it was just a plot device to show that they had been traveling very far and the toll on the column was reaching its limits. Maybe they could have shown women and children dying of thirst mayhaps but then they would have no time for the brothel scene... just kidding haha.I'll be buying this - I shudder to think if HBO didn't make enough money from the series and abandoned the whole effort - so no more shows like  Band of Brothers, Pacific, Rome... and in the end we'll get  reality shows like biggest loser, apprentice and other horrendous shows.
300	lyvyathan	2012-04-04	Yeah, what was up with that guy?  I was expecting some HBO-shocking full-frontal drunk nudity, or at least a missing shirt..but the guy didn't even really look disheveled or even drunk, really.He was just a terrible actor. For a second I thought it was a cameo by Peter Jackson (Hobbit) who got lost in between sets.
301	lyvyathan	2012-04-04	Yes, it really doesn't fit at all. It's a scene that woks only if you suppose he's somehow not been at court for over 15 years and has no sense as to what she's capable of.I totally agree. The confrontation scene with Cersei was totally not in keeping with LF's character - there was no way in hades that "book" LF would tick Cersei off like that. He knew what she was capable of and made absolute certainty never to offend her in any way possible or to doubt his loyalty to her cause.Now how is she going to appoint LF to Harrenhal?
302	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-04	To be true to the books they would have had to gone through the expense and time of a full jousting tournament. Given the 7 or 8 story lines they had to work in, I think it was a smart choice.It would have served as a powerful contrast between Ned Stark's Hand of the King Tourney and KING Joffrey's nameday tourney.  When I read the book, i sensed a grievance nursed by Joffrey that the king's tourney wasn't as good as the hand's tourney.  He took further insult when his dog called his tourney a "tournament of gnats."  To then see Ser Dontos half-naked, flopping around and too drunk to get on his horse drove him mad with rage.  I would have rather had fidelity to this scene and had them cut out the scene between Joffrey and Cersi in the throne room if they were worried about time constraints.
303	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-04	oh and last but not least: Where was Tyrion's line to Sansa "you're as loyal as a deer surrounded by wolves" and then her "lions" slip up. That does SO MUCH for her character and redemption showing that she still hates the Lannisters.That line isn't until after Robb's victory at Oxcross.
304	Plem	2012-04-04	I gave it an 8. I think they did a very good job of reminding the casual viewers about where the characters are and what they're doing without making it too boring for us die-hard fans. The only major problem I had was the introduction of Mel and Davos. If I hadn't read the books those scenes would have meant absolutely nothing to me. I had my doubts about Carice van Houten, but she did a great job, as did pretty much everyone else. Kit Harington still has the same facial expression for every emotion, but he's pretty much the only actor I have anything bad to say about. Stephen Dillane as Stannis nailed it! I loved how he delivered the line about Robert not being beloved and adding Ser to Jaime's name.
305	Songlian	2012-04-04	He was just a terrible actor. For a second I thought it was a cameo by Peter Jackson (Hobbit) who got lost in between sets.I love it when we slam actors after their first scene.  Maybe his indication from the director was different from what you were expecting to see when you read that scene? Could also be, no? I thought he was awkward, confused and totally lost, but he didn't struck me as  "terrible" at his craft.Doesn't she have the best phony smile? When you see it you know someone's in deep crap.Totally. And I love what they've done to her looks, as well. She seems more of a lioness now, and less the battered housewife she was in season one.
306	TheSpottedCat	2012-04-04	I know everyone is wondering why so much importance is placed on Ros, and so was I, but then it dawned on me that they might use her as a substitute to Chataya & Alayaya, who are important in the Tyrion/Shae storyline. Also, she might be used to show some of Jeyne Poole's story and Littlefinger might use her as a confidante (like last season). But what bothered me is why they showed Tyrion taking Shae to the Hand's Tower when in the books he had taken every possible measure to keep her hidden.
307	Grail King	2012-04-04	I read some pages but not all, I gave it about a 7, I was disappointed Robb did not mentioned ICE, I love Natelia Tenna but was hoping for at least one Reed child, and they made Sansa a bit meeker here maybe the "surrounded by lions" will show up later.
Oh Ser Dontos rated a 1, not drunk enough, not fool enough etc.
308	Snowman3131	2012-04-04	I think I have become a "Book Snob". If people can't give up 15-30 minutes a day to enjoy the books, so be it. Or 10 minutes to even read the chapter synopsis in the wiki.
We've read the books, we know who the players are, what the symbols mean. I will enjoy the show and all the "visiual candy" it provides, the comparison to my imagination when I read them, whether or not there is continuity there for series-only watchers. I'm more than happy to answer questions for those I watch with who haven't read them. HBOGO also offers PLENTY of background when you watch on-line and use the interactive features. That's how I got "hooked" and decided to read the books. I wanted it ALL!
309	lyvyathan	2012-04-04	I love it when we slam actors after their first scene.  Maybe his indication from the director was different from what you were expecting to see when you read that scene? Could also be, no? I thought he was awkward, confused and totally lost, but he didn't struck me as  "terrible" at his craft.Awkward yes - awkward at playing the character.
310	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	liked it so far since i prepared my mind to some big changes from the books,
I was really disapointed by the way Craster was shown, He was so posh for a wildling. His wives were looking poor and durty but not him. The scene with Roob and the Lanister cousin of jaimie was not right at all. I was looking forward to Chataya and Alalaya but obsiously I will have to  do with  Ros. I did i well find the scene with Dontos week. Hope the other episodes are more .....
311	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	onna settleYeah, y'never know, but I don't like the way that B&W seem to favor girls who fuck them for camera time.  It outrages me.  Why didn't Old Nan say it smells like dragons?  That would've been appropriate.  It would've been right.  I'm sick of them screwing with the excellent plot of this damn story!Yeah you're right, I was gonna settle that after I realized that. My mistake.So...And why on EARTH did they have Dany's silver die?  She has that throughout the whole five books.  What PURPOSE does this serve?  I doubt I'll be watching any more episodes until the season ends.  Then I'll pirate them.  It's not worth paying 15 bucks a month to watch this shit that B&W have corrupted and made absolutely awful.  I refuse to pay for it anymore.  I'm really pissed about what they've done.  They said they'd be faithful to the story.  They lied.Why do you watch it at all if you don't like it? Is your time so worthless that you can spend it on watching bad things, as long as they are free, and then spend time writing immature posts about it? What's the point of that?And if you're going to be so hostile towards the show, at least have the decency to look up the facts, like that the character that played Old Nan died last year. Some people are quick to throw demands of others but obviously demands little of themselves.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 04 April 2012 - 09:03 AM.
312	Ile de Le Fleur	2012-04-04	deviations from the book don't concern me in the least, TV is a completely different medium, and ultimately they're telling a different story here. 
Characters in the books often have different interpretations of how events occured. POV characters might see one thing, while later other characters explain the same event differently. That's the same concept I apply to watching the TV version versus reading the book-- its gonna come off differently no matter what. I for one will enjoy going with the flow rather than bitching about strict adherence to the source material.
The thing I DO demand of the show is high production values, including continuity, acting, set design, etc. That's where I make my judgements. I thought some of the acting, and directing was a bit rusty in this episode. Although I expect this to change very quickly, starting with next episode /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />
313	Greywolf2375	2012-04-04	I've read up-thread that some were not too pleased with the "Ros" character.  I've always wondered if she was really, (crackpot theory) Lynesse Hightower/Mormont.	I'm sure someone more versed in the history will set my mind to rest.  I realize the possibility she could be recognized; but, age can and often change one's looks.I suppose for the show she could anyone else - from the books she doesn't exist, so there isn't a back story to relate.I've watched the episode a few times now.  There is a lot that i do like & think they are doing well; but there is also a rising amount that I don't like or doesn't flow well.  My wifes thoughts are that in some ways they seem to be relying on the audience having read the book to understand the plot - her example was the opening scene, who are these people, where are they and why do I care?I give the episode a 6; this isn't a 6 compare to the rest of the crap on TV, but 6 compared to what Season 1 was able to portay.
314	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	I've watched the episode a few times now.  There is a lot that i do like & think they are doing well; but there is also a rising amount that I don't like or doesn't flow well.  My wifes thoughts are that in some ways they seem to be relying on the audience having read the book to understand the plot - her example was the opening scene, who are these people, where are they and why do I care?I give the episode a 6; this isn't a 6 compare to the rest of the crap on TV, but 6 compared to what Season 1 was able to portay.Given that all the non-readers I know understands the plot I don't think that's true. It does require some patience though since you're not going to get all information straight away.And, out of curiosity, do you compare this episode to the entire last season or to last season's opener? On which grade do you intend the comparison to be equal (I assume that there's at least some room for improvement)? A straight, general grade is easy to understand but I have to ask about your method.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 04 April 2012 - 01:34 PM.
315	A Redeemed Hound	2012-04-04	I was pretty happy with the 1st episode this season.  It's the best they can do with only 10 episodes to work with.  HBO kind of dropped the ball IMO on that.  Give them 15 episodes!!!!
My one big issue was that I felt Craster was horribly miscast.  The guy looked nothing like his description in the books.  He looked more Lordly than Commander Mormont. 
Other than that I loved the episode.  Doing a great job.  I hope that after next episode things stop jumping around so much and get into a better flow.
316	dark  sister	2012-04-04	Why do you watch it at all if you don't like it? Is your time so worthless that you can spend it on watching bad things, as long as they are free, and then spend time writing immature posts about it? What's the point of that?And if you're going to be so hostile towards the show, at least have the decency to look up the facts, like that the character that played Old Nan died last year. Some people are quick to throw demands of others but obviously demands little of themselves.Um, I watched it because I LIKED season 1.  I watched the opening to season 2 in hopes that it would be as good.I'm sorry you think that it is immature that I disagree with women using "alternative means" to get parts in shows.  I don't like invented characters, and I don't like that they cut two of the most important characters to Bran's storyline.Oh give me a break, I am sad that the woman who played Old Nan died, but they could have gotten a replacement, an alternative woman who was around the same age.  Because it doesn't make sense for Osha to know about dragons.  White walkers, yes.  But Old Nan was just old enough to understand and remember the last dragons...she's from Dunk's time, I believe.Btw, your comment on my time being worthless wasn't immature at all....I just refuse to pay for it anymore. Personally, I prefer the books and will stick with them.  If I feel like watching the next episode and giving it another chance, I will.  It doesn't mean I can't be sorely disappointed with what they did in the beginning episode.Also, if you reply to this and try to get into some kind of board war, I'm not going to acknowledge it.  I hate them and they ARE a waste of time.
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 04 April 2012 - 03:49 PM.
317	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	Um, I watched it because I LIKED season 1.  I watched the opening to season 2 in hopes that it would be as good.I'm sorry you think that it is immature that I disagree with women using "alternative means" to get parts in shows.  I don't like invented characters, and I don't like that they cut two of the most important characters to Bran's storyline.Oh give me a break, I am sad that the woman who played Old Nan died, but they could have gotten a replacement, an alternative woman who was around the same age.  Because it doesn't make sense for Osha to know about dragons.  White walkers, yes.  But Old Nan was just old enough to understand and remember the last dragons...she's from Dunk's time, I believe.Btw, your comment on my time being worthless wasn't immature at all....I just refuse to pay for it anymore. Personally, I prefer the books and will stick with them.  If I feel like watching the next episode and giving it another chance, I will.  It doesn't mean I can't be sorely disappointed with what they did in the beginning episode.Also, if you reply to this and try to get into some kind of board war, I'm not going to acknowledge it.  I hate them and they ARE a waste of time.Well, it boils down to that you often get treated with the attitude you show. You seemed very aggressive towards things that didn't fit your tastes, which seems very unnecessary.The immature part isn't that you don't like that thing, it's that you write it as if it was a fact. It's not a good argument on any level.D&D decided not to recast Old Nan to honor Margaret John's memory. As for Old Nan her age is unknown but it's highly unlikely that she's over 150 years old. Dragons didn't exist during Dunk's time and the last ones were still just twisted little things. Old Nan knows about dragons because it's a well known part of history. She knows about the legends about the Others but that doesn't mean that she lived when those were actually doing anything.It's good for you that you liked the first season, but I don't see how the kind of arguments you've brought up can't be applied to that season. Lots of characters were cut or reduced or changed, Ros had episodes last season where she was featured more than in this episode, scenes were altered or changed completely, and so on. I'm not questioning what you like, but I don't exactly see the difference between the seasons so far, especially since you mention such small details as the number of Robert's bastards (which was never a fully known number).
318	Hyper	2012-04-04	For the people wondering how non-bookreaders did receive the episode and grasped details - this podcast episode by two casual fans is pretty good: (they discuss GOT and other shows) http://www.grantland...oggy-detectives
319	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-04	My husband, a non-book reader who loved season one gave it an "8 or 9".  (I have already voted by 8).  He thought Lena Headly did a great job and he loves/hates Jeoffery.  He keeps begging me to tell him that Jeoff will die.  Jack Gleason is doing an amazing job of playing the complete ass.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Since he doesn't have the books to compare it to, he judges it on the story presented and the quality of the acting.  He really is a snob about his actors, so this is pretty haigh praise.
320	Hot Pie Guy	2012-04-04	I'm gonna try and keep with the overall "theme" of this thread so far while giving my opinion on the episode:"NEEEEEEEERRRRRD RAAAAAAAAAAAGE" /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Oh, and I gave it a 9. enjoyed the episode and am just glad the show is finally back.
321	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-04	deviations from the book don't concern me in the least, TV is a completely different medium, and ultimately they're telling a different story here.Characters in the books often have different interpretations of how events occured. POV characters might see one thing, while later other characters explain the same event differently. That's the same concept I apply to watching the TV version versus reading the book-- its gonna come off differently no matter what. I for one will enjoy going with the flow rather than bitching about strict adherence to the source material.The thing I DO demand of the show is high production values, including continuity, acting, set design, etc. That's where I make my judgements. I thought some of the acting, and directing was a bit rusty in this episode. Although I expect this to change very quickly, starting with next episode /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />Here, here. I'm not sure I'm still understanding all the complaining about an episode that jam-packed a lot of stuff to set up the rest of the season as some sign the show is going downhill. Give it a whole season before decrying it. Plus, books, TV, and movies are all different mediums with their strengths and weaknesses. TV and movies don't allow the audience to get inside a character's deepest thoughts like a book can so things have to be said more and shown more or interactons with characters will change from the book.GRRM has a hand in the show's direction. He has worked in TV before so he's okay with changes and scarifices that are bound to be made. I say, judge the books seperate from the series. TV has a budget, books generally don't.
322	Greyjoy the Reaver	2012-04-04	I thought it was pretty good.  I didn't care for the actress playing melisandre.  Also whats with ser Dontos wearing American's colors huh?
323	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-04	I'm gonna try and keep with the overall "theme" of this thread so far while giving my opinion on the episode:"NEEEEEEEERRRRRD RAAAAAAAAAAAGE" /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />Oh, and I gave it a 9. enjoyed the episode and am just glad the show is finally back.LOL. Yes, this board has a heavy dose of Nerd Rage for an episode that has an 8 rating on average.
324	Tadco26	2012-04-04	I gave it an 8.  I liked most of the episode, but there were a few things that bothered me.  For me I can understand changes that have to be made due to budget constraints and time.  What I don't care for is changes that seem to be made almost randomly that don't appear to have any bearing on budget, time constraints, or the need to show something that a POV character thinks internally in the books.
Some thoughts in no particular order:
1. Ros didn't bother me much in this episode, but re-quoteing my least favorite scene from the first season should have been cut.  If that was supposed to be the pay off for watching Littlefinger personally training his whores in S1, then consider it a double failure in my eyes.  Now if there were 12+ episodes this season, this wouldn't bother me so much, but when the average chapter of material is covered in ~5 minutes or less then this scene doesn't deserve to be in over conversations and content that was more interesting and had to be cut due to time constraints.
2. I wasn't surprised or too disappointed by the shortened version of Cressen's fate except for the fact that he drank and started dieing before she had even sipped the wine.  Even if Melisandre had no powers or protection she wouldn't have died in that scenario, she simply would have dumped the wine out after he started bleeding out his nose.  These seemingly random changes from the original are the ones that tend to bother me the most.  I do think another minute or two of conversation between Davos and Cressen, or Cressen and Stannis could have added alot to the end result as well.
3. I liked Stannis and Davos, though they had such a small amount of screen time that there wasn't much to judge them on either way other than looks.
4. Joffrey's name day tournament was off. I have no problem with it being a melee in stead of a joust, but it could have been to first blood and not the death.  If the melee already is to the death then why would Sansa risk her life to save a drunken fool?  And why would Joffrey believe that it was bad luck to have someone killed on your name day when someone was killed minutes before that by the Hound.  I also didn't really even get the impression that Dontos was that drunk.  This wasn't a big deal to me, but it did bug me a little.
5 I agree with the people that say that the Littlefinger/Cersei scene was out of character for him.  The scene was well acted, and well directed, but the creation of the scene actually gave us contrary information about littlefinger to what the books did in a show that really needs to focus it's limited screen time on enforcing the character's motivations, actions and thoughts.  
6. Craster's scenes were ok to me, but I do think that Craster looked more like a lord than a wildling.  I expected him to look more like the wildlings that attacked Bran with Osha.
7.  The Rakharo scene was odd.
8.  I liked the addition of showing the killing of Robert's bastards, but it doesn't make much sense that Joffrey would order it.  First off Joffrey always 100% believed Robert was his father.  Cersei absolutely wanted to diminish the chances of someone else furthering Stannis' rumor.  After all 2 different Hands had put the puzzle together partially due to them.  Cersei is supposed to be a ruthless, and heartless ruler, not sure why they are trying to add more to Joffrey's crimes when he has plenty without any help.
9.  Speaking of Joffrey and Cersei, I thought the slap and Joffrey's response was totally contrasting their relationship in the books especially at that point.  Joffrey could NOT have ordered Cersei killed, or at least he couldn't have ordered it and expected the order to be followed.  She is the reagent, and in fact one of the only ways some of Joffrey's actions in the books are curtailed is by threatening Joffrey that they will tell Cersei what he is doing.  For example 
	Spoiler Tyrion preventing the public disrobing of Sansa.  If Joffrey truely has complete control to do whatever he wants then there is no way Tyrion would survive his time at court.

10.  Robb's parts were well acted and I liked all the Stark scenes.  I would have preferred Cat kept her independence and input, but it didn't bother me as much as some of the other changes.
11.  The special effects, scenery and costumes were all excellent especially by TV standards.
12.  Glad to see the wolf dreams.
13.  I agree that in many scenes (like the Littlefinger/Cersei scene) they seem to be afraid of being too subtle, and so over-explain things, whereas in other scenes they introduce characters and concepts (Davos, Melisandre, the burning of the seven) without any explanation at all.
Now it may seem like I didn't like the episode because I went much more in depth on what I didn't like than what I did, but I think complaints made among fans require more justification than compliments do.  I did give it an 8 over all.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 04 April 2012 - 10:12 PM.
325	The Roose is Loose	2012-04-05	Not bad overall - I give it an 8.
Not sure why so many posters don't like Stannis.  I thought that he came across just like he is supposed to: uncharismatic, socially awkward, obsessed with nit-picky details, unforgiving of even the most minor slights and insults... hey, wait a minute, that sounds like us!
I also thought the rest of the Dragonstone crew was fine.  Mel is hot enough and red enough, and her ruby does glow.  Were you expecting/envisioning Scarlett Johansson and Hellboy's lovechild?
I liked the brief shot of the remorseful/disgusted Goldcloak during the bastard slaying montage.  It's a nice touch to show that they are not all mindless stormtroopers, although Cersei's guards apparently are. 
However, I did NOT like the wolves.  They should have scoured the arctic wastes and mountain glaciers to find the frozen, perfectly preserved remains of dire wolves, extracted the DNA, and cloned 6 real dire wolves for the show (oops, I guess they only need 5 now).  To do anything less is a complete travesty, looks totally fake, and betrays GRRM's perfect vision.
326	lyvyathan	2012-04-05	liked it so far since i prepared my mind to some big changes from the books,I was really disapointed by the way Craster was shown, He was so posh for a wildling. His wives were looking poor and durty but not him. The scene with Roob and the Lanister cousin of jaimie was not right at all. I was looking forward to Chataya and Alalaya but obsiously I will have to  do with  Ros. I did i well find the scene with Dontos week. Hope the other episodes are more .....Yeah Ros. This is probably the first time in history when I'm not happy to see a good looking prostitute. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
327	lyvyathan	2012-04-05	Not bad overall - I give it an 8.Not sure why so many posters don't like Stannis.  I thought that he came across just like he is supposed to: uncharismatic, socially awkward, obsessed with nit-picky details, unforgiving of even the most minor slights and insults... hey, wait a minute, that sounds like us!I also thought the rest of the Dragonstone crew was fine.  Mel is hot enough and red enough, and her ruby does glow.  Were you expecting/envisioning Scarlett Johansson and Hellboy's lovechild?I liked the brief shot of the remorseful/disgusted Goldcloak during the bastard slaying montage.  It's a nice touch to show that they are not all mindless stormtroopers, although Cersei's guards apparently are.However, I did NOT like the wolves.  They should have scoured the arctic wastes and mountain glaciers to find the frozen, perfectly preserved remains of dire wolves, extracted the DNA, and cloned 6 real dire wolves for the show (oops, I guess they only need 5 now).  To do anything less is a complete travesty, looks totally fake, and betrays GRRM's perfect vision.I think you meant the actor portrayed the book version accurately - not us? Oh wait!!! HOW DARE YOU INSULT.... haha.I didn't like Stannis because he didn't seem to have that screen presence - he carried off the book idea to an extent.... I envisioned him to look more like David Gant the actor who played one of the English Lords in Joan of Arc The Messenger movie.Then again it could be the stage direction - as I loved the way Stephen Dillane played Thomas Jefferson in "John Adams" - another stellar HBO production.I didn't really like the brothel child murder scene. Not so much for the Goldcloaks or their leader - but due to Ros and the prostitute holding Robert's bastard child. The whole "Bethlehem murder scene" could have been done better I thought. - ie. a scene where LF and Cersei are talking somewhere and they see a small commotion - and Cersei remarks to LF that's she's tying up some of Robert's loose ends.I so did not like the way they had LF insult Cersei to her face - there was NO WAY that the book LF would ever have done such a stupid act. He was much too clever and would have never insulted Cersei either intentionally or indirectly.Yeah I concur - I didn't like the direwolves. If they are going to resort to CGI - at least make them to be much bigger - and the CGI scene with Jamie + direwolf - it looked too fake to me. There's a clever way to do cheap CGI - indirect shots - subtle hints of the monsterous form of the direwolf - once you see the bad CGI closeup - the illusion starts to vanish.
328	Ice & Fire	2012-04-05	I'm a little bit dissappointed with the intro of Dragonstone and Stannis.
I had this vision of a black rocky shore with dark waters splashing against it,
then the camera would move up to the Castle wall and zooms in where Stannis was standing gazing out the window.
then it would zoom out to show the entire castle , followed by entire Dragonstone Island.
And then finally pans out to the Comet where Stannis was gazing
329	Hyper	2012-04-05	However, I did NOT like the wolves.  They should have scoured the arctic wastes and mountain glaciers to find the frozen, perfectly preserved remains of dire wolves, extracted the DNA, and cloned 6 real dire wolves for the show (oops, I guess they only need 5 now).  To do anything less is a complete travesty, looks totally fake, and betrays GRRM's perfect vision.Yeah I concur - I didn't like the direwolves. If they are going to resort to CGI - at least make them to be much bigger - and the CGI scene with Jamie + direwolf - it looked too fake to me. There's a clever way to do cheap CGI - indirect shots - subtle hints of the monsterous form of the direwolf - once you see the bad CGI closeup - the illusion starts to vanish.Congrats, lyvyathan. It looks like your irony-detector needs to be calibrated. I think you managed to miss what The Roose is Loose was implying. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 05 April 2012 - 02:17 AM.
330	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-05	Irony aside, my nonreader girlfriend's response to grey wind was: holy shit, it's like a pony!
Mission accomplished I'd say.
OT: I gave the episode a 7. My biggest complaints are NOT any discrepency with the books, however. I think it's a silly and unfair way to measure the quality of the tv show.
Purely judged as a stand alone TV show, I think the sprawling stories are harmful to the overall pace. People here say that they cut too much between the various locations and I agree but what did we expect? This is the structure of asoiaf. And we all know it gets bigger and bigger. Ultimately, die-hard fidelity to the books is not going to make a quality show simply because of the constraints of the medium. 
The first episode had hits and misses, but that wasn't all because of not being ad verbatim. Bran acting as lord of winterfell wasn't really necesary in the show. In the books it leads to the Reeds (who are not in the show from what I gather). In the show the transition to his dream is a bit random...or am I alone in this? There doesn't seem to be a connection between the two scenes. His warging is essential later but his temporary ruling: not so much. Cutting this out could have made more room for  a proper intro to Dragonstone, something I thought wasn't handled very well. The actors are fine but an introductory scene where stannis reads ned's letter would have been good for nonreaders. 
Anyway, the trick is to condense the story and properly introduce new elements. The first episode was not very condensed but all over the place. That said, it's still a very high production value and some great acting. Especially liked tyrion and joffrey's deliviries. It was a decent episode overall.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 05 April 2012 - 05:19 PM.
331	lyvyathan	2012-04-05	I'm a little bit dissappointed with the intro of Dragonstone and Stannis.I had this vision of a black rocky shore with dark waters splashing against it,then the camera would move up to the Castle wall and zooms in where Stannis was standing gazing out the window.then it would zoom out to show the entire castle , followed by entire Dragonstone Island.And then finally pans out to the Comet where Stannis was gazingI like that vision of yours.What I was worried about was the lack of explanatory text to accompany the scene. You and I know its Dragonstone - but the other viewers who haven't read the books wouldn't have a clue.
332	lyvyathan	2012-04-05	Irony aside, my nonreader girlfriend's repsonse to grey wind was: holy shit, it's like a pony!Mission accomplished I'd say.OT: I gave the episode a 7. My biggest complaints are NOT any discrepency with the books, however. I think it's a silly and unfair way to measure the quality of the tv show.Purely judged as a stand alone TV show, I think the sprawling stories are harmful to the overall pace. People here say that they cut too much between the various locations and I agree but what did we expect? This is the structure of asoiaf. And we all know it gets bigger and bigger. Ultimately, die-hard fidelity to the books is not going to make a quality show simply because of the constraints of the medium. The first episode had hits and misses, but that wasn't all because of not being ad verbatim. Bran acting as lord of winterfell wasn't really necesary in the show. In the books it leads to the Reeds. In the show the transition to his dream is a bit random...or am I alone in this? There does not seem to be a connection between the two scenes. His warging is essential later but his temporary ruling: not so much. Cutting this out could have made more room for  a proper intro to Dragonstone, something I thought wasn't handled very well. The actors are fine but an introductoryscn where stannis reads ned letter would have been good for bonteaders. Anyway, the trick is to condense the story and properly ibtroduce new elements. The first episode was not very condensed but all over the place. That said, it's still a very high production value and some great acting. Especially liked tyrion and joffrey's deliviries. It was a decent episode overall.I agree - each time I watch Ros' pathetic explanation about a brothel - I grind my teeth and wonder why the HBO writers didn't put more effort into Stannis' scene at Dragonestone. If I wanted to watch porn - I'd get it from the Adult Channel- I came to watch GoT d@mnit not the Playboy channel!!!
333	lyvyathan	2012-04-05	Congrats, lyvyathan. It looks like your irony-detector needs to be calibrated. I think you managed to miss what The Roose is Loose was implying. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Haha. argh, you got me!!!! my eyes glazed over the 2nd sentence - well in my faux defence I offer this:http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/17525070
334	King Bolton	2012-04-05	It flitted around a little to much, although this is perhaps expected with the opening episode. I gave it at 9 because I think you have to appreciate the difficulty the writers/directors are under, in an opening episode you really want to be covering all the main characters, and their situations, and when you add to this problem, an influx of new characters, things obviously become even more difficult. 
However, if every episode is structured this way it won't be very good. I mean they can't continue using the comet link - that would wear thin very quickly. And it would be frustrating to see about 7 minutes of each key character. For me they have to base it around locations, and have half the locations one episode and the other half the next. But I could be wrong, have to wait and seee
335	An Ironborn Son	2012-04-05	I'm going to start with two things that I really, really liked.  The first being the moment where Stannis brings forth the flame sword.  For me this will go down as the first real moment of grandeur this season.  Robert's elder brother is ready to throw down and that scene came across beautifully.  The other was Lord Mormont's reaction to Jon Snow.  Yes, I know that Jon was a little out of character in the way that he reacted but it gave the Lord Commander a chance to talk it through with him and provide a key bit of mentoring.
I thought all of the new characters were great, though I had similar problems as others did with Dontos and Craster.  I think in my head that I pictured Dontos as being more Quixotic as a drunk and not just looking like a more out of place Samwell.  Although he may surprise us, we'll have to wait and see.  I think for Craster it was more that I didn't get the overall feel that I wanted, it didn't seem like a more than slightly dangerous place to be.  I also thought that this would be the scene that if you were new to the show and had only seen season 1, this would probably seem out of place as you'd be waiting to see if Jon was going to do something more related to the other characters.
Shae's portrayal continues to bother me and I don't blame the actress I think it more has to do with her lines being akin to Storm in the first X-Men movie.  Basically, Shae's supposed to be a worldly gal who isn't just a floozy and has substance but you wouldn't know it from her very basic and cliched lines.  I keep reminding myself that this girl has captivated one of the greatest minds in the Empire and I just can't see it with the bland pillow talk that seems to fall from her mouth.  I know that HBO wants her to be some sort of sexpot vixen but whoever is directing them needs to tell her to try a less is more approach to the whole thing.
As to that, my biggest beef with the brothel scene is that it is setting something up but how big can this moment really be?  Readers of the book can probably figure out where I'm going with that notion but it seems like the whole scene then gets digested as nothing more than an execution which kind of takes away from Eddard's death, a death that worked so well because it comes out of almost no where and is a shown act of violence where so much of the other acts of brutality are off stage.  Bringing it to the forefront seems like a mistake.
I give the acting an overall 8
I give the feeling and mood after the episode a 10
I give the pacing and build up a 5
336	Hyper	2012-04-05	I agree - each time I watch Ros' pathetic explanation about a brothel - I grind my teeth and wonder why the HBO writers didn't put more effort into Stannis' scene at Dragonestone. If I wanted to watch porn - I'd get it from the Adult Channel- I came to watch GoT d@mnit not the Playboy channel!!!Not familiar with HBO I gather? Nor the vivid descriptions from the GRRM novels?
337	Red Raven	2012-04-05	I gave it a 7.  Overall I enjoyed it except:
1)  Littlefinger tipping his hand so obviously to Cersei.  He reminded me of a Bond villain who boasts, "Before I kill you, let me tell you, complete with charts and graphs, about my detailed plan to conquer the world!"  Someone as practiced as Littlefinger should know better than to make such a rookie mistake; dumbing him down was a disappointment.
2)  Shae was ridiculous; they turned her into an airhead.
3)  The CGI for the direwolves.  It was done so poorly it was distracting.
4)  Melisandre's hair.  A little conditioning could go a long way to making it not look like a cheap wig.
338	Helyn Snow	2012-04-06	I gave it 8 out of 10, as they did a good job in adapting Clash for the screen. I'm I the only one though who shouted Cleos Frey at the screen - it seems trivial but they could have explained the Frey/Lannister marraige in one sentence - if they've renamed him Alton Lannister, does that mean we'll never meet Genna Frey?
Other problems - I too didn't get the LF/Cersei scene. I know that they are trying to set it up for Littlefinger's future schemes against the Lannister's, but it was completely out of character for him; he's one of the best players of the game, and he wouldn't be stupid enough to goad Cersei in such a way.
Also, the bastard killing scene made it look like King Bob had fucked the whole of Kings Landing - does this not marr Maggy The Frog's prediction revealed later on (you'll have three children, your husband will have six).
Maester Cressen's death was a bit weird - why have him drink first and be noticeably poisoned even before Mel drank the wine, and therefore why would she drink it..?
I didn't buy Dontos - not so much that it wasn't the tourney in the book, but just that he didn't appear drunk, just bumbling.
If Dany is already going to Qarth, does that not mean she's going to barely have any scenes in this season - and they killed her silver..!
For casting, I have to admit that Davos was cracking, not too sure about Mel and Stannis (I've still got Mark Strong as the ideal casting in my head), and I take it we're not getting Shireen and Patchface - so therefore we're not getting the retaliation rumour from KL about Stannis being cuckolded and Patchface being the real dad.
Anyway, overall I enjoyed what they did. I may have more problems next week as it looks like they will catch up with my favourite character of the series, Arya, and my favourite guest character of the book, Jaqen H'ghar, but I hear they've got a hot guy for the role ('... if a girl was to ask a man...[swoon]). And I'll also be shouting ASHA at the screen...
339	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-06	Also, the bastard killing scene made it look like King Bob had fucked the whole of Kings Landing - does this not marr Maggy The Frog's prediction revealed later on (you'll have three children, your husband will have six).Maggy actually says "six-and-ten for him" so there's nothing contradictory there.
340	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-04-06	Give it an 8. My major issue was the omission of Patchface, who would work really well on the show. Just watched episode 2 yesterday, and it's damn near perfect.
341	DannySpud	2012-04-06	Damn that's a sexy bell curve.
342	lostinwesteros	2012-04-06	I'd just posted on another thread my primary 'negative' reaction to this first show, i.e., Mel's saying her lines about the night being dark and full of terrors over and over and over and over again.  Then, the night of the opening show, I'd just mentioned, not really a complaint, but an observation that I thought Craster was MUCH too well groomed and attractive (his depravity should have shown in his face ! )and his keep was much too decent.
Other than that . . . I watched the first show a second and a third time, right in a row, so I voted it as a 9 -- very, very close to perfect (I even liked the additional scene with LF, though it shocked me, and really liked the scene where Cersei slapped Joffrey and got put herself put down in a big way). Hated to see Robert's bastards hunted down and killed so ruthlessly (especially the baby), but thought it was true to the themes of the story.  Also thought the Ser Dontas scene played out very, very well by all involved.
					
					
							Edited by House of White and White, 06 April 2012 - 06:12 PM.
343	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-07	Why is everyone bitchin about everything ?I know, right? Stop playing Spot The Difference, everyone.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 07 April 2012 - 07:12 AM.
344	Relic	2012-04-07	"Knowledge is POWER!!!""No, power is POWER!!"Terrible episode, imo. I was watching it with someone who hasn't read the books and had to pause about 15 times to explain things to her.
345	Iotun	2012-04-07	"Knowledge is POWER!!!""No, power is POWER!!"Terrible episode, imo. I was watching it with someone who hasn't read the books and had to pause about 15 times to explain things to her.Were these things that 'needed' to be explained to her? If she had question like 'Who is this woman? What is this Lord of Light? Who are these people who are gathering in the North, where and under whom?', I'd say these aren't things that should be explained to her. The purpose of the episode is not to serve as detailed exposition for every single character and circumstance. Some initial confusion and lack of understanding is good, so that the viewer has something to solve in the coming episodes. The judgement of a good episode is not whether the viewer has left understanding everything, but whether the viewer leaves interested enough to want to see more, and with a desire to understand many of the things he was confused about initially.Mel, Mance Rayder, Stannis, the Lord of Light, Balon Greyjoy, the dynamics of the war, these are all things that we'll be coming back again and again in the next episodes and which the viewers will eventually get. Did viewers understand everything in the first episode of Season 1? I'm sure there were many people confused about who Dany was, how Robert became king, who all these people were, what were the relationships between them. But because the show was interesting, rather than these questions pushing people back, they instead made them want to find the answers, and after 10 hours, things became clear.I guess what I'm saying is, if you're stopping 15 times during the episode so that you give an encyclopedic background on every character and situation to your friend, you're not really making the experience better for them, nor does it reflect bad on the episode. The episode is not meant to be crystal clear, some things are wisely left still obsure, so that they are pieced together slowly as the season progresses.
346	seeyouintee	2012-04-07	I watched the first episode with a few people that haven't read the books and the only parts that were unclear to them were exactly who Melissandre was and the significance of what was happening during the whole idol-burning scene. It was a little abrupt and disjointed. Throughout the first season, I was never sure which parts I was going to have to explain because of the pacing and how much they had to cut from the book story, but the people I've watched it with seem to be following fine.
347	redriver	2012-04-07	I gave it an 8.The episode seemed to pass too quickly.
The sets looked fantastic,the acting excellent.It's a good start and I expect it to improve.
Looking forward to episede 2.
348	Relic	2012-04-07	Were these things that 'needed' to be explained to her? If she had question like 'Who is this woman? What is this Lord of Light? Who are these people who are gathering in the North, where and under whom?', I'd say these aren't things that should be explained to her.Yeah all of those, and a slew of others. Some I didn't answer, but others i thought were valid. Mel, Cressen and his suicide (i gave her his back story so she would understand why he would kamikaze), the Wildlings, the hunt for Robert's bastards, amongst others. Anyway, that isn't why I disliked it. One of the things i love about GRRM is how subtle he is, how you have to be  really  paying attention to catch all the intricacies.  This show is about as subtle as a hammer to the face. It beats you over the head constantly, utilizing spotty dialogue in the name of exposition. The scene between Cersei  and Littlefinger comes to mind. It sets up a theme (the nature of power) and gives Petyr a  clear reason to undermine the Lannisters. Black and white. Clear as day. Boring and trite. Been done a thousand times before. It also sets Littlefinger up to look like an idiot, in exact contrast to how he is in the source material.I want to say that i feel the show is poorly written. It's seems strange to be saying that about something based on the best written fantasy series...ever, but there you have it. is it unfair to compare two different mediums? Perhaps. Yet i've watched shows that felt like i was reading a book, so i know it CAN be done. Are my expectations too high? Clearly.My loss? Yup.
349	miguel sanchez	2012-04-07	Anyway, that isn't why I disliked it. One of the things i love about GRRM is how subtle he is, how you have to be  really  paying attention to catch all the intricacies.  This show is about as subtle as a hammer to the face. It beats you over the head constantly, utilizing spotty dialogue in the name of exposition. The scene between Cersei  and Littlefinger comes to mind. It sets up a theme (the nature of power) and gives Petyr a  clear reason to undermine the Lannisters. Black and white. Clear as day. Boring and trite. Been done a thousand times before. It also sets Littlefinger up to look like an idiot, in exact contrast to how he is in the source material.I want to say that i feel the show is poorly written. It's seems strange to be saying that about something based on the best written fantasy series...ever, but there you have it. is it unfair to compare two different mediums? Perhaps. Yet i've watched shows that felt like i was reading a book, so i know it CAN be done. Are my expectations too high? Clearly.My loss? Yup.wow. I agree with you to the word, and I saw the first season before I even read the books.I hold out hope for the show. I can't wait to see certain scenes from storm of swords. Fingers crossed they can do that epic book justice in seasons 3 and 4. 
	Spoiler GRRM wrote the blackwater episode, I eagerly await that episode, should be about the same time dany goes the the House of the Undying!
350	teemo	2012-04-08	It's a shame they were only given wow. I agree with you to the word, and I saw the first season before I even read the books.I hold out hope for the show. I can't wait to see certain scenes from storm of swords. Fingers crossed they can do that epic book justice in seasons 3 and 4. 
	Spoiler GRRM wrote the blackwater episode, I eagerly await that episode, should be about the same time dany goes the the House of the Undying!
It's really a shame they were only given one ship after pleading for nine :\  But I can't wait..I bet it will be awesome regardless.  And to see how they do the House of Undying....that should be interesting.  They can't give away too much in there, so they might cut out a couple things... if you know what I'm getting at.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 08 April 2012 - 02:06 AM.
351	boojam	2012-04-08	It's a shame they were only given It's really a shame they were only given one ship after pleading for nine :\  But I can't wait..I bet it will be awesome regardless.  And to see how they do the House of Undying....that should be interesting.  They can't give away too much in there, so they might cut out a couple things... if you know what I'm getting at.The one ship is for on-board scenes , if the CGI work is a good as it has been, there will be as many ships as can fit on the screen. Now days they can even take 1 ship or 10 men and multiply them into thousands, and still have it look real.
352	Ran	2012-04-08	Neil Marshall has noted they have green screen to set up a number of different ship sets, as well. I would not worry about it. Probably they wanted th extra ships built to be able to actually show boarding actions or "ramming" without the need for CG effects, but we'll see plenty of that, I expect.
Removing outliers to normalize results, the episode rates 7.63 among viewers on the board. This is, BTW, also the most-voted episode of the show to date, by quite a margin.
353	The Sleeper	2012-04-08	Having read the books I feel I can't be really objective about it. One of my main objections is blatant exposition in place of Martin inviting the readers to make their own conclusions. On the other hand Grey Wind looked awesome and TV Joffrey is a much more intriguing character.
354	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-08	I watched the first episode with a few people that haven't read the books and the only parts that were unclear to them were exactly who Melissandre was and the significance of what was happening during the whole idol-burning scene. It was a little abrupt and disjointed. Throughout the first season, I was never sure which parts I was going to have to explain because of the pacing and how much they had to cut from the book story, but the people I've watched it with seem to be following fine.Pretty much the same thing.  My husband, son and ex-husband (non-book readers) all have been able to follow along with very little explaining.
355	Lannister Accountant	2012-04-08	This episode gets a solid 8 from me.  It doesn't quite break into the 9 territory because a) despite having so much to cover, the powers that be thought...Ros should have more screen time?  Really?  /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Cressen.  Oh Cressen.  His entire character is abbreviated and death seems so pointless.  There was so much more profound going on in ACOK for him and having recently listened to the audio book and appreciated the character, the way he's so unceremoniously retired here rubbed me the wrong way. c) Is it my imagination or does Robb seem a little too confident?  He's angry and rightfully so, but in Season 1, despite being determined, he had more perspective.
Now while a lot of this has been echoed here, the good well outweighed the bad.  The transitions (and use of the red comet) was a good call.  Peter Dinklage continues to be the absolute best thing about the show, although his King's Landing co-stars have brought their A games as well.  I am very impressed with the sheer amount of material for such a sprawling epic, it was well handled.  I have already watched this episode three times and it holds up.  I remain primed for the season.
356	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-08	Anyway, that isn't why I disliked it. One of the things i love about GRRM is how subtle he is, how you have to be  really  paying attention to catch all the intricacies.  This show is about as subtle as a hammer to the face. It beats you over the head constantly, utilizing spotty dialogue in the name of exposition. Please do bear in mind that although itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the same tale, this is both a different medium and also a different audience. Subtlety doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work on mass-market productions half of whose targets are by definition below average in attention span, intelligence, and clue. Books can be for smart people, or clever ones, but mega-million mass-market TV blockbusters just are not, and can never be, or they shall fail. Probably you were one of those kids who didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to hear the lesson repeated five times before he had a clue what it was really about.  Perhaps you were even one of those who didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need to spend the first six weeks after summer break being retaught all the stuff all the rest of the kids had forgotten over the summer all because they never paid much attention in the first place.TV audiences arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like you. Or rather, most of them arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t. If subtlety causes the majority of the audience to miss whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really going on, then you have lost them.  And if you have lost the â<U+0080><U+009C>differently cluedâ<U+0080><U+009D> majority, you have lost the show.Exposition is another inevitable price of the change in medium. In a book, complex situations can be explained in detail, sometimes by simple description and sometimes from the point of view of the inside of someoneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own head, but all of them using words. But when you get to a show without a narrator or voiceovers, those words are all gone. You have to put them back, somehow. Exposition is the only way open to it in this medium. Shakespeare used soliloquies, but todayâ<U+0080><U+0099>s audience expects such things as at least a mostly one-sided dialogue instead.And so you get exposition.  That part is inevitable.What is not inevitable is the banality of said dialogue. The exchanges between Cersei and Tyrion are some of the very best stuff the show has to offer, and much of it is purely the invention of the screenwriters. It doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even feel exposition, although in a way it certainly is. The dialogue between Varys and Tyrion is also excellent, but this time itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mostly taken straight out of the book.Ros, Littlefinger... well, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all something else, and although I do agree with you there, I imagine others feel differently.You have to recognize that a different medium has different constraints, especially given the different target audience.
357	Maceless Fan	2012-04-08	6/10. This is my first post. I saw season 1 and then read all the books so this is the first episode I've seen where I know what's going to happen and I think that has a lot to do with why I didn't enjoy it as much as Season 1. I'll give it a go though. There are still a hell of a lot of elements I do like, ie. the great acting from Tyrion, Joffery, Cersei, etc...
The whore bits are so tediously dull. Who actually cares? Don't like that Stannis is played by DI Burton from The Parole Officer. Makes it hard to take him seriously. I'll watch it again before episode 2. It might improve with a repeat viewing.
358	Maceless Fan	2012-04-08	6/10. This is my first post. I saw season 1 and then read all the books so this is the first episode I've seen where I know what's going to happen and I think that has a lot to do with why I didn't enjoy it as much as Season 1. I'll give it a go though. There are still a hell of a lot of elements I do like, ie. the great acting from Tyrion, Joffery, Cersei, etc...
The whore bits are so tediously dull. Who actually cares? Don't like that Stannis is played by DI Burton from The Parole Officer. Makes it hard to take him seriously. I'll watch it again before episode 2. It might improve with a repeat viewing.
359	Red Raven	2012-04-08	TV audiences arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like you. Or rather, most of them arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t. If subtlety causes the majority of the audience to miss whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really going on, then you have lost them. And if you have lost the â<U+0080><U+009C>differently cluedâ<U+0080><U+009D> majority, you have lost the show.Then let them watch Jersey Shore, there's no shortage of stupid television out there.There should be at least a few shows out there where the audience has to rise up to the material and do some of the work themselves and GoT would have been the perfect show for that.  It was a shame when they dumbed down Dexter, it would be a greater shame to dumb down GoT and the hamfisted Cersei/Petyr scene was a step in the dumb direction.
360	Mad Queen	2012-04-08	Subtlety doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work on mass-market productions half of whose targets are by definition below average median in attention span, intelligence, and clue.Statistics pet peeve, sorry. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The episode gets a 7 from me. It was your average GoT episode and I agree with most negative comments in this thread. One of my own: the conversation between Robb and Jaime was utterly useless. Why would Robb go and talk to his prisoner about his plans if said prisoner has no role to play in them? Scene added to give Jaime the required screen time, no doubt about it. Unless the point was to show what a beast Grey Wind has become.
361	Dark Rider	2012-04-08	Viewing it in terms of a television show I think it was a 10 out of 10.  I think they did a brillant job introducing the primary storylines.  The view of Dubrovnik was amazing.  They were right in the previews the scenes are so impressive they almost look CGI only better. Well done.
362	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-04-09	Sadly, for me it was a big disappointment - cast-vice and also script-vice. I've gave this episode 5 out of 10, and I will gladly explain why.First of all I have a big confession to make - I'm a HUGE fan of the first season and I was anticipating eagerly the coming of a second one. Yesterday morning I'd just bought the complete first season DVD at a local retailer store, and I was soooo exited to witness what have they done out of the brand new one... And then it all came crumbling down on me.I'll just break it down:Melisandre - maybe she (Carice van Houten) is acting reliably, according to a character, but that not how she supposed to look - she should be taller (not as Brienne or Gregor, but still she is not impressive enough) and more voluptuous (blame GRRM, not me).Stannis - while he is acting good (looking so anxious about his precious righteousness), he is not looking at all as he supposed to look - bold man with a beard cropped so short, that it looks painted on his face.Davos - now to make Davos Seaworth to look remarkable is a hard task for any artist (he is supposed to be looking VERY average), so for this character, the most important task will be actors performance to be trustworthy, and meanwhile, the acting is plane indifferent.Craster - we have here the same problem as with Yoren casting from a previous season - they (the casting team) just seem to have a disability (or just not willing to) to present unkempt and ugly characters. Craster should be fatter, with a shaggy beard, stooped and gross. The actor that represents him, could as well be cast to play Mace Tyrell or Rendil Tarly - he doesn't seem at all like wildling. He does actually looks like a pervert that he is, when he is talking to/about his daughters (and that's a good achievement).It can be remarked, that all of the points I highlighted above are abundance to actors interpretations and directors perception of the book/script, but for me - one of the important aspects in successfully turning a book in to a movie, is finding a suitable cast, that can reflect the characters reliably.And now, to my second body of complaints:ACOK is a great book - I like it even more than AGOT (the best one of all the ASOIAF until now, IMHO - is ASOS) and while the movie script is always open to writers innovations, they are not always do justice to the original story.What was this scene with Robb confronting Jamie in a cell is added for? To try and make Jamie look more human and vulnerable to the audience? IMO - it was utterly a waste of screen time (you want Jamie to show some fear? Wait till they'll make a season about ASOS - you'll have plenty of it). The direwolf actually doesn't help here at all - a pretty unreliable CG, not menacing at all.Why did they took the prologue out of its place and stuck in a middle of an episode? It made it look very jumpy and strange, to get introduction of completely new set of characters, in the middle of all of the familiar once.All that I wrote here doesn't incline, that I'm not looking toward the second episode. Maybe my bad impression will fade away, the moment I'll glance what's coming further. I hope so, I really do.
					
					
							Edited by Vic-tarion Rattlehead, 09 April 2012 - 04:11 AM.
363	rmholt	2012-04-09	I would give it a 7(pollwise) but really a 7.5, which is pretty good in my book. I enjoyed many scenes including Robb/Jaime, LF/Cersei. Jack Gleeson does Joffrey's character justice which I'm happy about.  Looking forward to next ep.  Joffrey's character and appearance is one of the best as transferred from the book
364	rmholt	2012-04-09	I gave it an 8.The episode seemed to pass too quickly.The sets looked fantastic,the acting excellent.It's a good start and I expect it to improve.Looking forward to episede 2.I watched it at least 3 times
365	Relic	2012-04-09	3108962[/url]']You have to recognize that a different medium has different constraints, especially given the different target audience.I get what you are saying and i am aware that my expectations and demands are pretty high.That said, good writing eliminates a lot of those constraints you mentioned, and is especially important when it comes to dialogue. Actors feed off the material they are presented and good writing can turn a previously mediocre actor into a surprise stud. It can also make her look like a wooden dumbass, and anywhere in between.An example of well done exposition that serves to further character development, understanding of history, and sets up following scenes was suggested by a poster in a different thread. A conversation between Cressen and Shyreen explaining both Cressen's role in Stannis' court, his love for House Baratheon, and introducing the ominous Mel off screen to set up the pyre. It would take all of two minutes and could replace the brothel scene or the Petry/Cersei debacle. Re: Robb/Jaime, it's a scene i would have LOVED to read in the books, i always wanted to see Robb go up against Jaime, but it didn't work for me on screen. Greywind was cool but it felt like they just needed to give Jaime face time and explained it away in a fashion that makes it seem like Robb doesn't trust Riverrun.
366	White Raven	2012-04-10	9/10 One of the best episodes so far imho. I love the direwolves and old man Davos (I always pictured him younger)
367	Relic	2012-04-10	(I always pictured him younger)Everyone IS younger in the books, haha.
368	nightwisp	2012-04-21	8. Jack Gleeson is showing Joffrey in all his sadistic best, which is good! Killing Robert's children was so King Herod-like, and added to the hate-filled atmosphere that the Lannister's inspire. I wish they had started with Dragonstone right off, too, so watchers could get the characters there which had been led up to in the last season. I agree about Craster, he just was not portrayed as flithy(his environment)or perverted enough. Maybe that's coming.
369	Ygrette	2012-04-26	Okay, it seems I am in the far minority here, but I gave this one a straight 10/10 and would do it again. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Yes, there have been changes from the book, but maybe that's exactly what had me hooked and nailed to the screen every second. It was like a director's cut of the book, we get to see the scenes we missed in the books, a different angle and finally a breathtaking visual aspect. I don't know if Ros was absolutely necessary, but she didn't bother me either. We just get to see MORE than we got in the books.
The wolves were breathtaking! The scenes with Daenerys were so full of tension, as opposed to the books where I found them a bit stretched and boring, to be honest. Melisandre! The totally unexpected Littlefinger scene! Now I do get the feeling that Littlefinger is being displayed a little too much as the James Bond villain, not as the multidimensional psychotic plotter as I always imagined him. But still, not enough to take away from the awesomeness.
Joffrey's acting was genius! I nearly peed myself in all of the Tyrion scenes, Peter Dinklage is a god.
I laughed, I cried, I shivered, I gasped, was disgusted, infuriated, amused and amazed. Really. That was awesome. And yes, I did read the books. I don't see the books and the show competing against each other, but as complementary. And as such, they build something wonderful together,
So yes, if I ever had a TV orgasm, that was it. Expecting multiple more to come. I'm probably easily entertained. Yay for being me, I had a blast! :-P
370	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-27	Okay, it seems I am in the far minority here, but I gave this one a straight 10/10 and would do it again. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Yes, there have been changes from the book, but maybe that's exactly what had me hooked and nailed to the screen every second. It was like a director's cut of the book, we get to see the scenes we missed in the books, a different angle and finally a breathtaking visual aspect. I don't know if Ros was absolutely necessary, but she didn't bother me either. We just get to see MORE than we got in the books. The wolves were breathtaking! The scenes with Daenerys were so full of tension, as opposed to the books where I found them a bit stretched and boring, to be honest. Melisandre! The totally unexpected Littlefinger scene! Now I do get the feeling that Littlefinger is being displayed a little too much as the James Bond villain, not as the multidimensional psychotic plotter as I always imagined him. But still, not enough to take away from the awesomeness. Joffrey's acting was genius! I nearly peed myself in all of the Tyrion scenes, Peter Dinklage is a god. I laughed, I cried, I shivered, I gasped, was disgusted, infuriated, amused and amazed. Really. That was awesome. And yes, I did read the books. I don't see the books and the show competing against each other, but as complementary. And as such, they build something wonderful together, So yes, if I ever had a TV orgasm, that was it. Expecting multiple more to come. I'm probably easily entertained. Yay for being me, I had a blast! :-POh, you're not alone. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> Maybe we're easy to please or whatever but so what. I have yet to see a Game of Thrones episode that wasn't 10/10 for me. Yeah, come at me, haters. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
371	BigThroner	2012-05-27	My first Fantacy novels/show. Im hooked. I have committed a sin by starting with book three But these season 2 episodes are great . Sopranos was finally topped .
372	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Rated it a mild 7.
Pros:
Tyrion arriving in King's Landing
Tyrion and Cersei conversation
Killing of the bastards
Cons:
Littlefinger threatening Cersei
Ros in general
Jumped around too much
Nearly no Arya
Jon behaving like an idiot
373	MouldyMuffin	2013-02-21	An 8. Overall, pretty good but not that powerful as an opening episode.
374	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-02	Spoiler I don't see the point in having a forum dedicated to episode one if all the threads are just generalized.  Let us have some focus people!

Now that you've seen the scene in context do you feel differently about it than before?
I really felt it wasn't as detrimental to the character as the honchos of this site made it seem.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 April 2012 - 06:51 AM.
375	Ran	2012-04-02	Remember to tag posts properly with the level of spoiler -- see the rules and faq at the top of the forum. 
I'm going to assume this will lead people discussing the books and details from them, so I've set it as a Book Spoiler level.
Looking at the commentary in the book spoiler thread, quite a few people  seem that the scene was uncharacteristic for Littlefinger.
376	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	It wasn't exactly like Littlefinger to test the waters like that but I don't think it really hurts the character. He doesn't come off as any more of a threat to Cersei (less, if anything) so it doesn't change his chances to avoid being murdered or to pull off what he does. His brilliance is only truly shown in the book after his actions are exposed and this doesn't change how you can do that. Since it doesn't set up any hinders I don't care too much about the change. Nitpicking doesn't get me anywhere.
The scene is for me about two things. To show that Cersei does wield power, despite that she's lost control over Joffrey, and, more importantly, it's a commentary on the subject of power. It will obviously tie in thematically with the discussion Varys and Tyrion will have (as heard in a trailer). In that sense it works well.
377	_Oberyn_	2012-04-02	It did not bother me that much except for the guard drilling wich was a very weak way to make a point about power.
Joffrey scene seemed a bit off though, he's too insecure to threaten Cersei. If he can do that what is he going to do when Tyrion kicks the shit out of him/
378	Frey Pie	2012-04-02	Think about it though the Joffrey scene makes you hate him even more.Oppose this to what Robb Stark looked like-fairly cool,and you see what theyre setting up the viewers to feel.
LF and Varys always seem funny to me.They hold power through knowledge and manipulation but neither have strength of arms.This portrays that fact very well.It allows Cersei to save face after Joffrey acting up but also lulls people into a false sense of security about Petyr which is just where he is most dangerous
379	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-02	I actually thought it was a clever scene.  Yes, it seemed out of character for Littlefinger to show his hand but it also reminded viewers that he is a player in the games and pointed out that the one holding the knowledge holds a very powerful weapon indeed. 
But I think the focus of the scene is more on Cersei.  She says "Power is power" but the only true power she displayed is that she has paid for the loyalty of her guards.  It's amusing to those of us who've read the books because we know that Cersei really starts to tumble when she loses those she's paid to be loyal to her.  Without her paid mercenaries, she's not really anything.  She's been replaced as advisor to the king by Tyrion.  She's on notice with Joffrey.  Her power is fleeting.
380	WinterWarrior	2012-04-02	I think an important part of the LF-Cersei exchange was what she said to get it started, of a story about an upstart (LF) growing up in a household above his rank (Tully) and loving the eldest daughter (Cat) but not being able to have her. It appeared to me that this part of the exchange is setting up the understanding of the events in Book 3 (probably season 4 of the HBO series) and the Sansa story.
This probably was a warning from Cersei as well that if LF had any special love for the Tullys and thus the Starks she was keeping an eye on him. Seems inconsistent with his betrayal of Ned Stark but she is paranoid, Cat's husband is dead, and LF might still have notions of marrying her someday.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 02 April 2012 - 08:14 AM.
381	Lord Varys	2012-04-02	The scene is still clearly uncharacteristic for Littlefinger, but it is not nearly as bad as I believed it would be:
1. Littlefinger does not throw the twincest directly into her face. He merely brings the topic up after Stannis has sent his letters. It is more a reference to a rumor, not a threat to against Cersei/Jaime or Joffrey's claim to the Iron Throne.
2. Cersei starts this whole thing by provoking Littlefinger with his past with Catelyn. TV-Littlefinger is still obsessed with Cat, he has not yet replaced Cat with Sansa in his mind (this will, no doubt, come after he interacts with Cat at Renly's camp).
3. Cersei apparently does not really feel threatened by Littlefinger's words. She tries to teach him a lesson what truly is power, and, I think, this is coherent with both the TV- and book-Cersei. Both seem to believe that those atop the food chain can decide by decree what is true or false.
Of course, the real Littlefinger would not make such a mistake. He would not let allow himself to be provoked but such a remark. But I guess he would have heard stuff about his humble past again and again even as Master of Coin. And he would be pissed about this. But he would hold his tongue. Littlefinger does not threaten, he is not even particularly aggressive when he declares to somebody (Tyrion in ACoK) that from now on they will be mortal enemies. Remember, the whole 'Please keep me out of your little intrigues from now on'-thing?
I'd have preferred it if Littlefinger had been portrayed more as a funny guy whose cunning and depths are only gradually revealed, but unfortunately they did not go that way in the series.
382	TheEvilKing	2012-04-02	Always keep your foes confused. If they are never certain who you are or what you want, they cannot know what you are like to do next. Sometime the best way to baffle them is to make moves that have no purpose, or even seem to work against you.Seems quite in character, actually.
383	Ran	2012-04-02	Except it's pretty clear that this wasn't a move to baffle or confuse -- he was trying to be clever and then nearly needed a new set of pants because of the mess he made. 
I don't think Littlefinger's supposed to be a brilliant thespian -- when he's genuinely shocked or surprised, he'll show it if it's a big enough problem facing him.
384	Bolivar	2012-04-02	I did agree with the site's review. At one point I had to question if they had brought on a new actor, because it did not even seem like the same acting style from the previous season. I thought it was uncharacteristic for the character in both the book and the TV show last season.
My bigger problem with the scene was that it was gratuitous. I'm worried that the producers are running away with the material - they've found what the viewers like and now they're over-embellishing on it. The scene was pretty pointless and it's troubling why they chose to write it and leave out comedic gold like Tyrion's: "it doesn't seem fair why you should open your legs for one brother and not for the other" comment.
385	Dracarya	2012-04-02	I thought it was unrealistic for both characters - I love the way Lena Headey plays Cersei, but I don't like the direction they appear to be taking her this season. I felt that Littlefinger would never allow himself to get caught up in such a way - he's more clever than that. 
We'll see. Littlefinger isn't my favourite character, but he is brilliant in his own way, and it's a shame they seem to be changing that.
386	ipsuel	2012-04-02	Spoiler I don't see the point in having a forum dedicated to episode one if all the threads are just generalized.  Let us have some focus people!
Now that you've seen the scene in context do you feel differently about it than before?I really felt it wasn't as detrimental to the character as the honchos of this site made it seem.Same here. Although I wasn't thrilled with it, it just was no big deal to me ultimately. I thought it was going to ruin things, but it just wasn't a big deal to me.
387	hombay	2012-04-02	The thing is, I thought LF was going to randomly bring the incest up. He didn't. Cersei first insults him and after that he retaliates with something that really is well known since we know that the characters know about the 'rumours' spread by Stannis' letters. Sure, it was clumsy, but it wasn't bad at all.
On the other hand, it doesn't make sense that he says "Knowledge is power" since more or less everyone has heard of the twincest by that time.
388	axels15	2012-04-02	To me, this scene was similar to the way Littlefinger acted around Varys last season, and I don't see it as being any huge difference from the books. 
He's brilliant, not perfect. He can slip up, and I LOVED how the scene made Cersei look.
389	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-02	Thanks for the title change, I should have consider that.
I don't have much time but just came in to mention that a lady coworker that I turned onto the show a few months ago actually approached me and said this was her favorite scene.   This is coming from a very casual viewer who thinks that Daenerys's name is Khalesi lol.
390	Myrddin	2012-04-02	A better demonstration of power would've been for her to have one of the guards kill himself. 
/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Just kidding, though that scene in the original Conan movie was great. "Steel is strong, but flesh is stronger."
The added scene here didn't bother me. It helps show Cersei's views and that Littlefigner isn't infallible in reading everyone around him. He's too perfect from a Machavellian point of view in the book, for my tastes. He's human and the additional interactions between him and Varys, and now Cersei, show this a bit more.
391	Abaddon	2012-04-02	I liked the scene.  Yes, it is a little different from what we see of Littlefinger in the books... that's okay with me.  I did not find it 'poorly written' or 'ham fisted' at all.
392	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-02	I get why it was there. The showrunners are trying to establish Cersei as more of a force. However, this exchange could've gone a hundred different (better) ways and accomplished the same goal. Littlefinger could've said any number of different things to piss Cersei off, and none of them had to be a direct jab at her -- mentioning the fact that other people were discussing the feasibility of her incest would've been enough -- it distances himself from the talk, yet still would push Cersei to react. Littlefinger isn't an emotional player. He can take a jab. I didn't like seeing him buckle over a snide remark by Cersei.Littlefinger: "The smallfolk have much to discuss given these recent rumors, which are disgraceful, Your Grace...yadayadayada...they believe they have knowledge...yadayadayada...knowledge is power."Cersei flips out, plays Simon Says, "Power is power! Bring me the tongues of whoever speaks these lies."
393	Bolivar	2012-04-02	I'm thinking the scene may have actually been uncharacteristic for Cersei as well. "Power is power!" sounds like something Robert would say, whereas Cersei has always played the game from the shadows, manipulating others for more cloak & dagger work.
394	aghrivaine	2012-04-02	(I'm cross-posting this from the general discussion thread, apologies if that's redundant)
Hallo all. Most of what I felt has been said already (as is so often the case) but I'll chime in on the Littlefinger/Cersei confrontation.
Like a lot of you probably did, I rewatched the last season over the weekend, this time with the commentaries on. I noticed that, again and again, the writers, actors, director, producers - all mentioned over and over "the relationship." This seems to be the lens through which they are approaching the story - a series of relationships that taken together constitute a plot. I understand that an actor will necessarily have to thoroughly comprehend his or her character's relationship to the other people in the scene, it's what makes their interactions breathe and seem real.
But I think it's now officially been taken too far - as this confrontation seemed to exist solely to flesh out Cersei and Littlefinger's relationship. They are both wielders of "soft power" - however much it galls both of them, and they're both competing for the same influence and authority. (As is Varys, but he's just better at keeping his cards close to his chest.)
I don't think this scene shed any particular light on their individual characters, or their relationships to each other, that wouldn't have been clear from previous or eventual interactions. Further, from a screenwriting perspective, their dialogue - and especially Littlfinger's - is far too "on the nose"; meaning it exactly states what the character's ambition or desire is, rather than illustrating it through other means. That one scene stuck out like a sore thumb, as being both unnecessary and poorly written. Both actors approached it like champs, though, and so it wasn't completely wasted. But it definitely stuck out to me.
Contrast that with the confrontation between Robb and Jaime (here we go with more relationsihps! I predict in the commentary for this season, both actors will say "such an interesting relationship our characters have!"). In this, we see a genuine change in Robb; he is becoming the picture of a rebel leader, who has the sang-froid to stare down one of the most feared knights in the world, and sees the situation for what it is; not a complete victory, but a strong position that he is trying to leverage for even more gain. And doesn't that make what we all know will happen to Robb that much more tragic? Series Robb is even more likeable than book Robb. Whereas Jaime is clearly rattled by his captivity and by being menaced by a direwolf, but by golly, he will NOT let it show. And I thought this was a particularly fine acting job by Coster-Waldau, who deftly managed portraying a man who experiences fear and trepidation, but doesn't let it color his actions or words, at all. That was a great scene, well-written and well portrayed. Plus - direwolf! 
I hope the rest of Season 2 will diverge from the books less than this initial episode.
395	Strider	2012-04-02	Maybe this scene is a little bit out of character for Littlefinger (as portrayed in the book), but it's such a minor change.  It's good to see that Littlefinger has his own vulnerability: he's touchy about his lack of name and fortune, as well as his failure to win Catelyn, and so overplays his hand in response to Cercei's insult, which in turn gives Cercei an opportunity to demonstrate her "power" and put him in his place.  Yes, book-Littlefinger would not have allowed himself to be provoked; but for the benefit of the viewers who have not read the books, it's not unhelpful to get an idea about what is really driving Littlefinger.  It's not all about greed and lust for power.
396	aghrivaine	2012-04-02	Yes, book-Littlefinger would not have allowed himself to be provoked; but for the benefit of the viewers who have not read the books, it's not unhelpful to get an idea about what is really driving Littlefinger.  It's not all about greed and lust for power.I believe all of Littlefinger's motivations were given in great detail in the "sexposition" scene from Season 1- which of course directly contradicts what he does with Cersei here. Rather than shed light, I think this scene makes muddy what Littlefinger wants, and how he'll go about getting it.
397	Hyper	2012-04-02	I wasn't bothered by the scene. A bit out of character for both Book Cersei and Book Littlefinger, but not by much IMO. It is a scene that plausibly could have occurred outside the POVs in the book - it does not contradict anything in the books.
I think it had two reasons for existing, and executed both well:
1. Showcase for TV viewers that Littlefinger is not just a Lannister stooge
2. Showcase how they view power differently. (a theme of the episode/season no doubt)
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 02 April 2012 - 01:33 PM.
398	Kaitscralt	2012-04-02	As a diehard novel fanatic.... I wasn't much bothered by it, nor did I suspect to be after reading all the fuss before the episode aired.
399	Charles F. Peterson	2012-04-02	Ultimately the scene wasn't damaging to the episode and did show Cersi's arrogance, a central aspect of her character. However, the scene was  not accurate in the portrayal of the characters. Littlefinger, may jibe, jape or insinuate but he never directly confronts. Cersi due to her positioning as a woman, and her over confidence sees herself as a manipulator and intriguer. She believes that she is on par with Varys. She enjoys delivering the blow but concealing the source. Her flexing like that is way out of character.
400	Skywarpgold	2012-04-02	I didn't think it was out of character for either of them at all. Littlefinger always thinks he has everything under control, while Cersei just kind of blunders into things without thinking of the consequences. How could he predict what someone, who doesn't think before they act, will do?
I absolutely loved what I can only assume to be one of Varys's little birds eavesdropping on the whole thing while washing the floor!
					
					
							Edited by Skywarpgold, 02 April 2012 - 04:16 PM.
401	DragonAge93	2012-04-02	I didn't mind the scene at all, really. Sure, it seems uncharacteristic of him, but this coulda happened off-page, you never know. I think he said it because either 1) he wanted to show Cersei "knowledge is power", and that with knowledge you command everything in a sense, or 2) he got pissed when Cersei talked about his sigil and his travesty with the Tullys, and wanted to put her in her place for a quick second.
					
					
							Edited by DragonAge93, 02 April 2012 - 04:12 PM.
402	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-02	Definitely the low point for the episode. I can sorta see why they did it: create tension between Cersei and LF, and put him firmly on the path to betrayal. Be we know he already has a motive: his obsession with Catelyn. But I suppose they wanted to create a direct conflict.
Was probably one of my main deductions in terms of scoring the episode. I think it's what Elio was referring to in the Season 2 preview as being quite out of character for LF and hence not well received. If nothing else LF would never challenge anyone in a situation where his flesh could meet steel. So baiting Cersei like that would be OK if she wasn't surrounded by 4 bodyguards.
403	Tourne-Toujours	2012-04-02	I liked the scene for the simple reason that I didn't expect to see it. It caught me by surprise. 
Also it adds a personal element between Cersei and Littlefinger relating to the events of Joffrey's wedding
404	Elaena Targaryen	2012-04-02	I don't think the scene was that bad for a few reasons. First for Cersei I felt there was a flow with her story. She is very upset about Tyrion and then it's pointed out to her that her Tywin was so mad at what happened with Ned that he sent Tyrion there, of all people. Then Tyrion tells Cersei how upset their father will be when he finds out Arya is missing and we know how she can't stand to be a disappointment to her father. Next we see her trying to fix this situation by ruthless and desperate measures with LF, which he brings up the incest. Then Cersei and Joff, her beloved son and king is so angry about the gossip and that there might be bastards, and then he basically threatens her life. What happens after this...entire brutal baby killing.
I think it flows nice in Cersei's story, someone asserts their power over her then she finds someone to lash out at, classic bully stuff...she has to make herself feel better and assert her power over some one. Tyrion strong arms Cersei so she does it even more violently to LF. Next Joff strong arms Cersei so she does it even more violently to the bastards. I think part of the baby killing was to 'fix' things with Joff, but also to wield power as well as removing any threat. The same goes with the LF scene because she needs to wield power but Cersei also must fix the Arya problem.
Now for LF, and part of this will go back to Cersei. I think it shows that maybe Cersei has not been so aggressive in the past. Well now LF knows for sure what he will be dealing with now that she has more control and power. I also thinks this helps set up the baby killing because everyone is bringing the incest up and using it to insult and belittle her, which she will not allow. I'm not sure where they will go with all of this but it could set up some things. If this season we see LF looking like he is totally on Cersei's side, supporting her and helping her, then after this scene we will know better. Even with his scenes from last season it could have been a little confusing for those who have not read the books and they have to take that in consideration.
I think this could set up how smooth LF really is later if they go that way. It shows that Cersei does not deal with power well and how unstable she is, and no matter what LF is not Cersei's lackey, or Lannisters for that matter, and we know why with her specifically. Plus LF is just a man, not some super hero, but I'm sure he will get her back somehow. I guess we will have to wait and see, it could go either way and I hope they don't ruin LF character. I wonder if this is setting up some scenes between LF and Cat later on, isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t there a scene where Cat holds a knife to LF throat?
405	Frozen Soul	2012-04-02	I'm thinking the scene may have actually been uncharacteristic for Cersei as well. "Power is power!" sounds like something Robert would say, whereas Cersei has always played the game from the shadows, manipulating others for more cloak & dagger work.Not really, she is always going on about how she is a Lannister of Casterly Rock and her pride. She thinks that as Queen she is above everyone else, meaning she can do as she likes, because she was born with that right, she's of a noble house and people should just shut the fuck up and do as commanded, why should she hide it? she thinks very little of almost anyone. how she manipulates others is another matter. She sees herself as a cunning mastermind of sorts ala LF or Varys but she is rather messy...if not AFFC and part of ADWD shows that.I liked the scene because it showed some of that. It may have been a little out of character for LF, but it works. As for Robert his line would 've probably been something like "seven hells, just give me my hammer" while holding something with wine on his other hand.
					
					
							Edited by Frozen Soul, 02 April 2012 - 05:53 PM.
406	Skeksi	2012-04-02	Hmmm... well, this was probably my least favourite scene. On the one hand, it wasn't as bad as I'd feared- you get a little tension from both sides, and the actors do a good job with the scene. BUT, it just doesn't seem in character with Littlefinger in either the book or the first series, both of which protray him as a clever manipulator, to have him push quite that far with Cersei when she is surrounded by armed Lannister bodyguards. That part of the scene just felt a little clunky.
I mean, if they want to show why Littlefinger is working against Cersei- well, they've already introduced the concept of his past with Cat/ his views towards Sansa as a younger version of Cat, something which is presumably going to be expanded upon later. They've already confirmed that he wants power- all the power there is- which isn't really compatible with Cersei and her son running the Seven Kingdoms. Surely that's enough reason? And if not, they could have shown her needling him about his past as she was in the earlier part of the scene without having him blunder so obviously, to emphasise that she doesn't really trust/ like him and he has no reason to be fond of her either. It seems very needless if this is the point of the scene.
His scenes with Varys worked, despite their threats, because both of them are on reasonably equal footing. Both know that the other is playing a bigger game than they seem to be, both know things that could harm the other, and both know that the other knows that they know. They balance each other out by holding enough information about the other to be reasonably certain that the other won't risk exposing them, whilst knowing that the other knows enough to not want to risk themselves by exposing the other, if that makes any sense. This scene doesn't work, because Cersei is a) surrounded by armed guards belonging to her family, /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> has power over LF and CAN publicly order him killed if necessary, and c) has no real information to threaten him with, as Varys did, therefore her response will almost certainly be physical threat, probably death.
Much as I love Littlefinger, this was probably my least favourite scene of the episode- the actors did a good job, but it didn't seem to work. Especially since LF gets about 1 other line in the episode, after having him plot and scheme throughout series 1, most of what we see of him in this episode puts him across as him having dropped a few levels of smarts.
That said, it was the low point in an otherwise enjoyable episode, and I have reasonable faith that other LF scenes will be somewhat more in line with the books/ S1 portrayal of the character. Cersei is obviously being put across as quite a different character from the books, and I have no issue with that.
407	Caro99	2012-04-02	personally i didn't really mind the scene, but after discussing it with my best friend and with other loyal fans in diffrent fourms i came up with a theory that would have made me like the scene a little more and would make better sense, maybe..?so we know that LF was probably the one to give Joff the idea of chopping poor Ned's head, since initially he was just going to be punished and be sent to the wall. cersei was not aware that an execution was going to take place, and in the books i don't remember reading she ever finds out LF had something to do with it (could be wrong though). still, i would have prefered if after she orders the guards to leave LF alone she would've walked up to him and whisper something like, "And don't you ever advise my son behind my back for you gain," or something. it would've come off IMO as a better reason for excusing cersei's behaviour here. of course, the twincest hit the heart of the matter, but i can also see her advising LF to be careful..?well, that's one theory at least /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
408	dtones520	2012-04-02	For a tv audience you have to somehow build up the characters you are showing. Especially one who plays a big role in e series like Littlefinger. You have to know his backstory and why he is who he is. Without the brothel scene in season one and this scene in season 2, you don't really get to know Littlefinger and why he does what he does. You could have some random conversations thrown in other scenes, but these add dramatic effect.
I don't really think anything in that scene is out of character for Cersei. Littlefinger, maybe a bit, but it does show off his cockiness, which I picked up in the books. It's not like he was saying anything Cersei and Jaime out of the blue. It was after everyone had already gotten Stannis' letter.
409	LauraD	2012-04-02	I was confused by the scene, but not because of mischaracterization.  While Cersei was going nuts in the book with her paranoia, Littlefinger was never a major harbor for her fears.  I didn't like the confrontation only because it didn't need to be between those two.In the books I saw their relationship as frustratingly mutually dependent, each working dutifully to try and become self-reliant. Littlefinger through conniving possession of Harrenhal, Sansa, then the Eyrie, then the Vale.  Cersei through surrounding herself with sychophants and morons.  They never trusted or liked each other, but they would never threaten each other.  It would have been counterproductive to their ulterior motives.Basically, in the books, (And I could very well be wrong), there was never any outward aggression between the two.  And the show sort of missed a mark of understanding their delicate political dance with this.  Nothing devastating, just a bit of an error.
410	Skeksi	2012-04-02	^Yes, if anything Cersei seems to get on better with Littlefinger than most of the rest of the Small Council in the book- especially when he suggests spreading rumours about Stannis and his daughter, she seems quite delighted with him. The rest of the time, she doesn't seem to give him much thought at all.
411	theMountainGoat	2012-04-02	I hope the rest of Season 2 will diverge from the books less than this initial episode.I fear you are going to hate this season, the divergence from the books will only get more and more egregious as the series continues. The butterfly effect and all.On topic - put me firmly in the camp of detesting this scene in every respect.Had hbo-Littlefinger said that to book-Cersei she would have had him killed without a moment's thought or hesitation. No doubt about it. After that blatant an insult to her how could it not completely change the way their relationship goes from here on?It almost goes without saying that book-Littlefinger would never have been stupid enough to say such a thing. Those of you saying he is not perfect are right but he is a smart strategist and fencing words with the Queen as if she is hbo-Varys is dumb beyond belief. I can't see book-Littlefinger making that mistake, no way.I think we really have to make the effort to start differentiating between the books and the TV-show in this way because the characters really are that different in the way they act and react to situations. I think this is true with the relationship between Cersei and Joffrey too. Because hbo-Joffrey is slightly older he would naturally be bolder, more confident and sure of himself, less of the whiny little bitch that book-Joffrey is.The aging up effect is also evident with hbo-Robb. The puzzle there is why anyone would have treated him like a boy at all, Richard Madden is well into his late 20s and looks it. I don't think it was ever believable that he was meant to be a 19 year old kid, taking on a role originally written for a 14 year old. If when we get to see him meet hbo-Jeyne, hbo-Robb comes across as a virgin boy who doesn't know where to put it as hbo-Samwell would say, then I'll call bullshit to that as well. If you're going to age up the characters and have them act differently because of it then you have to be consistent and hbo-Robb must therefore act as a fully grown man would with hbo-Jeyne. That's what I will be expecting to see later this season.
412	DannySpud	2012-04-02	re-posting my thoughts on this scene from the episode discussion threadIn regards to the LF/C scene, if Cersei hadn't threatened Littlefinger with death then I don't think anyone would have a problem LF in that scene. It's pretty in-character for LF to poke back when someone pokes at him, especially when someone tries to out-knowledge him. LF knows he's reasonably secure life-wise being the master of coin so he has room for his pokes. Cersei on the other hand has just had her power questioned and wants to exercise it. I think the scene works well also in giving us books people a "wtf?!" moment.
413	Magjee	2012-04-02	TV show and Books will diverge more and more as the seasons progress.
Overall it stays the same.
414	The hairy bear	2012-04-03	I think it's safe to say that Cersei, Littlefinger and Renly are the three main characters whose adaptation difers most from the original. So, in truth, any exchange between two of them should feel inconsistent with the books.
While I tend to think that all the changes are for the worse, I might accept that a tv adaptation needed those kind of changes. But the problem is that the depiction of those characters is inconsistent with the show itself, as they don't seem to be able to sepparate the book persona from the show persona and combine them in a weird mix.
415	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-03	I think LF reaction was stupid  and out of character not only for LF but it would be very stupid even for someone of average intelligent.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 03 April 2012 - 03:36 AM.
416	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	While I agree it's somewhat unfailthful to the book's nearly perfect 'chess master' Littlefinger, I liked the scene.
417	Purah	2012-04-03	At first I really disliked this scene, and like most people here, felt that book-LF would never have been provoked or slipped up that badly. But then again, it kind of puts the viewers through the same scenario that the readers went through in the first few books. I mean, come off it, who didn't think that Cercei was some kind of master manipulator to begin with!? It also puts LF off the radar, Cercei now thinks that she has him under her control, she won't suspect him of his various plots, schemes or of being the Magnificent Bastard that we all love. So all in all...it kind of works, and I have read in a review that Littlefinger redeems himself in Episode 4 so lets just wait and see /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
Analysis aside, maybe he did it because Varys is neglecting him /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
418	Songlian	2012-04-03	I actually thought it was a clever scene.  Yes, it seemed out of character for Littlefinger to show his hand but it also reminded viewers that he is a player in the games and pointed out that the one holding the knowledge holds a very powerful weapon indeed.But I think the focus of the scene is more on Cersei.  She says "Power is power" but the only true power she displayed is that she has paid for the loyalty of her guards.  It's amusing to those of us who've read the books because we know that Cersei really starts to tumble when she loses those she's paid to be loyal to her.  Without her paid mercenaries, she's not really anything.  She's been replaced as advisor to the king by Tyrion.  She's on notice with Joffrey.  Her power is fleeting.This is my opinion as well. I liked the scene a lot (despite Littlefinger's out of character moment) because it sets Cersei as the (weighing my words here) shallow thing she is. "Power is power", to me, is very much like book-Cersei, who lost her game exactly because she couldn't see further than her own nose, and the movie sets that up nicely.Of course, this is all from the perspective of someone who knows how Cersei will end up. I'm curious what non-readers of the book think of the characters after that scene.
419	stevelabny	2012-04-03	Except it's pretty clear that this wasn't a move to baffle or confuse -- he was trying to be clever and then nearly needed a new set of pants because of the mess he made. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I don't think Littlefinger's supposed to be a brilliant thespian -- when he's genuinely shocked or surprised, he'll show it if it's a big enough problem facing him.I don't think its a move to baffle or confuse. I think its a move to throw Cersei off. We don't see enough of Varys and Petyr's tiny moves in the books. The ones that throw the other players off the scent of their bigger game, but they clearly have to happen or else they'd both be dead or unemployed.Cersei started the goading, Littlefinger responded with the rumors he'd already heard. He knows it makes him look petty, he knows it makes him look like he doesn't have deeper secrets, and he know it makes him look like he just found out.  When he utters the words, he knows Cersei will either say something back and walk away feeling she's won, or that she will huff back to her chambers thinking LF thinks he's more clever than he is.  These both serve his purpose.He's not expecting Cersei to suddenly threaten his life. There is no way he could have forseen that over-reaction. When Robert was around, Cersei would never have been so reckless. Cersei is already starting to fray at the edges with Joff beheading Ned and Tyrion returning and telling her she's the disappointing child. What she does totally catches him off guard, but now he has more information for the future. And yes, if she would have gone through with it, he'd be dead. And that kind of random whim can happen to anyone at anytime. There is no defense no matter how clever you are.I actually like the scene because I feel it is a perfect example of what had to be happening between the pages of the books.
420	WinterWarrior	2012-04-03	The HBO series does not have the time or luxury of developing these characters slowly. I think scenes like this are meant to set the stage for understanding later actions. So things are magnified because the story line has to move forward more quickly.
And I think the actress who plays Cersei is not a good actress. I love the show but I loathe Cersei and am tired of the actress sitting there with her brow wrinkled looking out. She has no expression in her face, just that wrinkled brow. I don't like her at all as Cersei and sometimes wonder if she is even acting. In a separate vein, I wish Martin had made Cersei suffer even more than her "walk of shame" in Book 5, but I don't want to get off topic. As a woman I find her offensive to all women, and Joffrey is a result of her ambitious "mothering".
421	tryagainlater	2012-04-03	At first I really disliked this scene, and like most people here, felt that book-LF would never have been provoked or slipped up that badly. But then again, it kind of puts the viewers through the same scenario that the readers went through in the first few books. I mean, come off it, who didn't think that Cercei was some kind of master manipulator to begin with!? It also puts LF off the radar, Cercei now thinks that she has him under her control, she won't suspect him of his various plots, schemes or of being the Magnificent Bastard that we all love. So all in all...it kind of works, and I have read in a review that Littlefinger redeems himself in Episode 4 so lets just wait and see /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Analysis aside, maybe he did it because Varys is neglecting him /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />That's a very good way of looking at it.When I heard about the scene, it sounded awful but it didn't bother me once I watched it. I guess I'm easy to please.
422	Peter1982	2012-04-03	I thought it was perfectly ok. It is about power this year (what was it last year about?), and they wanted to make a point. On the screen you have to do that in this way. LF did not sought any provocation, but reacted. He was still playing the master, in trying to learn Cersei something. But ofcourse she doesnt listen. I don't think LF is so off the character in the book. The TV Series creates a lot more around Robb and Joffrey as to battling kings. And I think it makes great television, seeing the drama of the coming year will only be even more terrible. At such moments, I wish I hadnt read the books ( which I enjoyed immensely), just to experience the thrill of it.
423	kairparavel	2012-04-03	But if the point was about perception of power and not specifically LF and Cersei, why not keep the brilliant book conversation between Varys and Tyrion, after Jonas Slynt is sent to the wall. To me, that exchange really nails home the idea of power and perception of power. And no one needs act out of character.
424	Bolivar	2012-04-03	And I think the actress who plays Cersei is not a good actress. I love the show but I loathe Cersei and am tired of the actress sitting there with her brow wrinkled looking out. She has no expression in her face, just that wrinkled brow. I don't like her at all as Cersei and sometimes wonder if she is even acting. In a separate vein, I wish Martin had made Cersei suffer even more than her "walk of shame" in Book 5, but I don't want to get off topic.I like Cersei's portrayal in the show, but I had to laugh about the whole "wrinkled brow" part. It's definitely true, we need a little bit more range than just the elegant talking and the wrinkled brow. Lol.Also I thought the walk of shame was shallow fan-service. It didn't need to be in the book. Martin could have actually had a climax or two in the book instead of those superfluous tacked-on scenes.
425	Carl Drogo	2012-04-03	I don't think its a move to baffle or confuse. I think its a move to throw Cersei off. We don't see enough of Varys and Petyr's tiny moves in the books. The ones that throw the other players off the scent of their bigger game, but they clearly have to happen or else they'd both be dead or unemployed.Cersei started the goading, Littlefinger responded with the rumors he'd already heard. He knows it makes him look petty, he knows it makes him look like he doesn't have deeper secrets, and he know it makes him look like he just found out.  When he utters the words, he knows Cersei will either say something back and walk away feeling she's won, or that she will huff back to her chambers thinking LF thinks he's more clever than he is.  These both serve his purpose.He's not expecting Cersei to suddenly threaten his life. There is no way he could have forseen that over-reaction. When Robert was around, Cersei would never have been so reckless. Cersei is already starting to fray at the edges with Joff beheading Ned and Tyrion returning and telling her she's the disappointing child. What she does totally catches him off guard, but now he has more information for the future. And yes, if she would have gone through with it, he'd be dead. And that kind of random whim can happen to anyone at anytime. There is no defense no matter how clever you are.I actually like the scene because I feel it is a perfect example of what had to be happening between the pages of the books.Completely agree and feel the same way. I also think it helps to interpret the scene as Cersei wanting to mostly give him a good scare for his cheek and not as a serious altercation that will completely change their relationship. In my understanding they both know she needs him, which is why it makes sense that he would have been so shocked at her reaction.
426	hesitantreader	2012-04-03	I don't like the scene because I don't think they have much screen time to show that Tyrion is in control over the Lannister power base in King's Landing now.  By giving Cersei Jedi control over the Lannister house guards it muddies the water.  All I can think is that they are going to play down the Tyrion/Cersei conflict in this season and save it for season 3.As for LF being a bit out of character I think it is necessary:  They need to show the TV viewers that LF dislike of Ned does not extend to Catelyn; otherwise, future plot developments will make little sense.  I would not be surprised to see them double down on this plot element later in the season.   
					
					
							Edited by hesitantreader, 03 April 2012 - 11:35 AM.
427	Ran	2012-04-03	The TV viewers can get the picture just fine without that poorly-concieved scene, promise.
428	Strider	2012-04-03	I re-watched the episode last night.  The LF/C scene fits in nicely.  In many ways this episode is all about Cersei.  Finally she has managed to establish herself in a position of real power and independence, yet it is immediately threatened by (1) Stannis's publication of her incest, (2) the disappearance of Arya, (3) Joffrey's developing independence, embodied in his decision to execute Ned and threatening his mother with execution if she should ever rebuke him again, and (4) Tyrion's appointment by her disappointed father as temporary Hand of the King.  Her position has become vulnerable and increasingly desperate. 
And so she teases Littlefinger, and when he responds in kind, she humiliates him, thereby assuring herself that she has and can exercise power.    
Would the book-LF have responded as HBO-LF?  Perhaps not ... but I find it refreshing that he made a tiny misstep here.  He momentarily forgot his vulnerability.  He won't make that mistake again. 
But as several people have observed, the HBO series needs to be appreciated on its own terms and not by comparison to the books.  Not an easy thing to do, I know.
429	WinterWarrior	2012-04-03	I do think this scene and all of the references to Arya in the episode are played up more than in the book. I don't remember them looking that hard for Arya or thinking she was that important. Gendry is the one they are looking for in the book. Arya seems to pass under the radar.
But for the HBO series I can understand why they made the Lannister search for Arya more prominent. Again, its laying the groundwork for the future and keeping Arya in the light as a major character. And I love the HBO series for what it is.
430	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	I didn't have a problem with the scene. If I think about it in terms of the book, yeah it never would have gone down that way. But, its not the book and I see it as being fairly consistant with Cersei's changing characterization as she gains more power moving forward.
 I don't believe he was making a threat, he was trying to ingratiate her to him by pointing out that he was a man that could be "trusted" to keep or spread rumors depending on the situation. He did much the same to Ned in Season 1. Also, I don't believe Littlefinger was ever in danger. Cersei wasn't going to have him killed, just saying that she could. It was a little ham-handed display of their current stations, really. It didn't really add anything to the story, for me, as somebody who is well aware of everyone's situations and positions, but I think it was a perfectly acceptable scene in the show for the non book reader.
431	DornishKnight	2012-04-03	The scene showed two things for me:
1. LF has major overconfidence issues.  I think this will be his undoing in TWOW
2. It was nice foreshadowing about Cersei's lack of understanding how the game is played: "Power is power."
Keep telling yourself that, girl.
432	mmp	2012-04-03	The exchange wasn't out of character for LF or Cersei, but the guard square dancing routine was ridiculous.
433	A Bong of Ice and Fire	2012-04-03	This scene might have killed the series for me, to be honest.  It was so out of character for LF and just plain WRONG.  What were the producers thinking???  They've just destroyed the whole LF character.
Season 1 was great and felt very true to the books.  A lot of the key dialogue was almost 1:1 from the books.
But it looks like for season 2 the writers are doing more of their own "interpretation" and inventing too much stuff.  Not only was the LF-Cersei scene unforgiveable, they also managed to take the whole Maester Cressen prologue sequence, which was one the most emotionally powerful & memorable sequences in the whole book series, and turn it to crap.
And what the hell was up with the GQ Craster???
434	The Black Wolf	2012-04-03	I liked the scene, particularly the "oh, wait, I've changed my mind"-moment. But it did seem a bit reckless on LF's part to try to sort of brag about his power like that. His whole strategy basically builds on people not seeing him as a threat, why would he start threatening people then? But overall I really enjoyed it and I guess even a man like Petyr Baelish can slip and act on his emotions sometimes...
435	James Arryn	2012-04-03	The only way I see it consistent with LF is his seeming inability to not make the jibe, even when it seems against his interests.
That said, this was several steps beyond that. I think we're supposed to see it as an example of how raw the Cat wound still is.
More, I think this was a more important scene for Cersei. As off as the scene played in terms of book-context, I think it played well for her tv character. One of the biggest challenges with interpreting a book to film is externalizing internal content, and I think this (and the slap) gave us a flash of her defensiveness and temper that isn't otherwise evident most of the time. Also, that it followed a dressing-down from Tyrion and by proxy her father; she's supposed to be upset.
I didn't really like the scene, and I think the 'power is power' thing could have been done without as much choreography, which made it seem a tad less realistic...but if you're not watching it with the priority of how it fits with the book, it's not horrible.
I do agree that LF's voice was off, too. Something about the whole scene seemed starched.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 04 April 2012 - 01:01 AM.
436	teemo	2012-04-03	I think we're supposed to see it as an example of how raw the Cat wound still is.It's still raw?  I guess that makes sense, tv show wise.  In the first season I remember when Cat was leaving KL, Ned said something like, "He still loves you, you know?"  That wasn't in the book.  I think the show may be trying to show that he's still in love with Cat or something.  In the books, it doesn't really seems like he gives a shit anymore, to be honest.
437	Envie	2012-04-03	I really think they put this scene in as an opener for the turn of events to come with Littlefinger taking Sansa away. The viewers who haven't read the books won't have quite all the back story and details that readers have and the season won't have time to cover it all considering the immense amount of political detail the second book had in leading up to some fairly surprising turn of events in the end.
They're definitely portraying Lord Baelish as much more openly antagonistic (as with his constant verbal sparring with Varys) and so this slip with Cersei seemed as good a way as any to show the audience, in the opening episode, that things between the Queen and Littlefinger are definitely going to take a turn for the worse. 
Also, I'm pretty certain non readers don't yet realize Cersei's downfall is on its way and so they're likely adding a lot more dramatic hints to that. Right now it looks like she's on top of her game, but the clever viewer will notice that her slip is showing a bit, even in that scene.
438	Purah	2012-04-03	Also, I'm pretty certain non readers don't yet realize Cersei's downfall is on its way and so they're likely adding a lot more dramatic hints to that. Right now it looks like she's on top of her game, but the clever viewer will notice that her slip is showing a bit, even in that scene.Exactly, it's setting the scene for things that are already occuring in the books.I think another problem with this scene is that we know so little of LF in the books and, as he is a wonderfully interesting character, the fandom has produced quite an image of him as untouchable puppet-master who has made crossing the moral-line his personal hobby. HBO been given the task of interpreting a character who does not have much canon material regarding his inner thoughts or goals. It reminded us that LF is still only human and plays dangerously, which will make his actions in later seasons seem a lot more impressive. Not only that, but it gives him motive against Cercei (I hope I wasn't the only one who thought that he looked really angry), and as the books have taught us...when Littlefinger's pissed off, he get's very, very nasty (as Ned and Tyrion discover).
439	Frozen Soul	2012-04-03	It's still raw?  I guess that makes sense, tv show wise.  In the first season I remember when Cat was leaving KL, Ned said something like, "He still loves you, you know?"  That wasn't in the book.  I think the show may be trying to show that he's still in love with Cat or something.  In the books, it doesn't really seems like he gives a shit anymore, to be honest.
	Spoiler  I think he actually gives a lot of fucks, for example Sansa being Cat 2.0 or Lysa's death, he wants power and to "show it others" and IMO that comes from being belittled all his life,  but the one thing that he could never get his hands on was Cat, I dont think he'll let go of that.
440	Independent George	2012-04-03	Ugh, this is my fifth attempt at posting a reply.I want to be clear: the reason I dislike the scene is not because it's different from the books; it's because it's worse than the books. My favorite scene in S1 was Robert & Cersei's private dialogue. My second favorite scene was Tywin & Jaime's scene together. Both of them brought added dimensions to characters we barely saw in the books due to POV limitations. Likewise, I loved the Cersei/Joffrey scene in the throne room - it's inconsistent with their relationship in the books, but it works brilliantly on the show.Cersei/Littlefinger, though, weakens both characters. It directly contradicts Littlefinger's brothel soliloquy in S1, and not in a good way. Instead of adding depth, it makes him a much more shallow character. Instead of "understanding who [Cersei] is" to get what he wants, he goads her with no apparent gain. Instead of showing him as the man he became, and how he was influenced by his childhood experience, they're showing him as the boy he once was, as if he never grew up and grew wiser. Cersei, on the other hand, is portrayed as the exact opposite of the person she portrayed in the scene they just cut from. That's not depth, and that's not complexity; that's a writer unable to decide what he wants. Moreover, there were several easy, subtle changes that could have gotten all the points they wanted to get across without losing the characterizations:1. Littlefinger should have been the source on where Robert's bastards are hiding (especially since he already likely is, in both the show and the books). 2. When Cersei asks him to find Arya, he can allude to the incest without threatening her, but instead move the subject over to the things he did know, like where Robert's bastards were. This serves as direct contrast to what he told Ned in S1, where he said he only knew that Robert had more than Ned.3. He can also make a point of driving a wedge between Tyrion and Cersei by alluding (possibly truthfully) that Tyrion seems more interested in using those rumors to enhance his own position rather than protecting Cersei's (and Joffrey's). This points directly to Tyrion's closing to Cersei earlier in the episode ("It must be strange for you... being the disappointing child."4. He can also make a power play against Varys by pointing out that he is telling her where the bastards are, but Varys doesn't. In the books, Varys takes care to protect Robert's bastards; it remains to be seen if this is also true in the show, but it would add a lot of depth if they kept that.
441	Vikingkingq	2012-04-04	I think people are somewhat essentializing Littlefinger to make him out as smarter than he actually is. Keep in mind:
1. Littlefinger built a criminal conspiracy on an easily-disprovable lie. Had either Ned or Catelyn checked what the bet was at Joffrey's nameday tourney - and this was a public bet, Varys, Renly, and all the other members of the court would have seen and heard the bet being made - then Littlefinger is immediately exposed and loses any ability to steer the Starks where he needs to be. While Littlefinger is a planner, he's not as patient as Varys; he's a gambler and prone to taking huge risks. Obliquely mentioning this rumor is a risk he takes, to see if he can exert pressure on the Queen.
2. Despite trying to steer Ned, he can't stop himself from needling him. This is an inherent part of Littlefinger's character - he's a small, bright boy in a world where boys are supposed to be jocks, and he resents any man who fits into Brandon's image, and needs to feel superior to everyone even when he's not. Are you really telling me that that man when he's just had his deepest, darkest emotions shoved in his face, doesn't snark back?
3. Littlefinger tends to underestimate people around him. This is a guy who said "I have Varys' balls in my hand" - how big a miscalculation can you get?
442	Lord Belmore	2012-04-04	The scene was most shocking on my first watch of the episode, and even then, while I didn't like it, I attempted to moderate my response. Now, I still don't really like it in the context of Littlefinger's character, but I get what they're trying to do. I also do not think it will hurt him much in the long run, and I believe it could be a meaningful scene to refer to in the future as Littlefinger gains more real power and prominence in the series.
The "power" line had the nice benefit of being both entertaining and showing Cersei for what she is in an episode which otherwise cast her in a more sympathetic light. It was really a great scene for the character of Cersei--just not for my love of Littlefinger. Thankfully, I'm cognizant of my Littlefinger man-crush, so I try to avoid overreacting to any slight against him.
443	teemo	2012-04-04	Spoiler  I think he actually gives a lot of fucks, for example Sansa being Cat 2.0 or Lysa's death, he wants power and to "show it others" and IMO that comes from being belittled all his life,  but the one thing that he could never get his hands on was Cat, I dont think he'll let go of that. 
That doesn't mean he still loves her though, and my point was that the show seems to be pushing that on us for some reason.  However, I definitely agree that his feelings for Cat when he was young left a deep impression on him.
444	seeyouintee	2012-04-04	I don't think he still loves her at all. I think it was a blow to his ego and he still feels that and reacts similarly to similar circumstances. If the show follows the books here, Ned was probably misinterpreting this.
445	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-04	I'll never understand why this particular scene hit such a sore spot with a lot of you. Littlefinger is not a god. Yes, he's a master manipulator and a "true player in the game of thrones" but I've always seen him as a second rate Varys. His motivations come from emotion rather than sheer power play like Varys. Whenever you do something out of emotion and past slights you leave room for error. YES...I agree that it was a little out of character for him BUT its not so detrimental that it took me out of the scene. As far as Cersei goes, it is exactly something that she would do. Like I've stated in other threads, she wields power like a sledgehammer. She is blunt, brutal, unsubtle and constantly overplays her hand. Bottom line I just thought this scene was f*cking cool as hell and I'm glad they added it because it's such a great contrast between the two characters and illuminates Cersei's mindset perfectly.
446	teemo	2012-04-04	I'll never understand why this particular scene hit such a sore spot with a lot of you.It didn't hit a sore spot, I'll just never watch another GoT episode again if they desecrate LF's perfect, Godly character /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
447	ICE CROW	2012-04-04	Am i really the only one who is brokenhearted about the possibility of no Great Jon or Pyp this season /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> , i mean come on what is Westeros without Great Jon and Pyp!.
just realized this is the wrong thread HAR HAR HAR.
					
					
							Edited by ICE CROW, 04 April 2012 - 02:07 AM.
448	James Arryn	2012-04-04	I'll never understand why this particular scene hit such a sore spot with a lot of you.Action-wise, it was up there with West Side Story. And speaking of unrealistic plot devices, have you SEEN West Side Story?Ok, scene: guy runs to the back of a latino building project, maybe 200 windows looking down on him...yells "Maria!"And one girls comes out.ONE.I mean, come on. Power might be power, but Marias are a dime a dozen in Latin 1950's projects. (I think I'm done.)
449	James Arryn	2012-04-04	It's still raw?  I guess that makes sense, tv show wise.  In the first season I remember when Cat was leaving KL, Ned said something like, "He still loves you, you know?"  That wasn't in the book.  I think the show may be trying to show that he's still in love with Cat or something.  In the books, it doesn't really seems like he gives a shit anymore, to be honest.Hmmm.Dunno. I get a Freudian vibe from him a lot. The idea that this is his one sore spot...or, this plus inability to turn down a bad line...it kinda works for me. It explains why Sansa, for example. I didn't like the scene, but I can get what they thought they were thinking.I really should be drunk to write like this.
450	teemo	2012-04-04	I really should be drunk to write like this.Yah, you should.  That's what I do /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
451	James Arryn	2012-04-04	Yah, you should.  That's what I do /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Years from now my sponsor will want a word with you. (Don't have one yet, but this could be my Gladwell point.)(*hic*)
452	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-04	Yah, you should.  That's what I do /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />HA! Ditto
453	Karene	2012-04-04	I do really like Lena Headey's acting - brow-wrinkling and all. I think it suits the character of Cersei down to a tea. I think we get brow-wrinkling because it's the usually the highest level of anger Cersei allows herself to display in front of a group (in the book Cersei is often portrayed to be polite to those around her whilst secretly wanting to slap them fiercely). Of course she fires up and loses control all the time, but it's usually when she's alone with someone (especially Tyrion). I also see Cersei as a woman who is very conscious of her appearance, and it's fitting to me that she'd have several 'faces' that she'd put on: the defiant head lift, the glare, the brow wrinkling, the dismissive hand... Cersei likes to appear a certain way, and I think Lena's picked this up perfectly.
Some women, especially vain women, have a variety of expressions they like to put on display. In real life and in the book. 
As to Littlefinger (in my opinion one of the most interesting characters in the book and the most dangerous - more so than Varys/Illyrio), my main problem with this scene is WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO AIDAN GILLAN? I didn't notice it so much in the council scene, but in the Cersei/LF scene Aidan looks tired and plumper in the face, and his voice has changed completely. Before he had a thin but distinct snakey voice; now he sounds like he's got a harelip or cold. Is it the fake moustache he's wearing? He both looks and sounds weaker, imo not a fitting tribute to LF.
Don't get me wrong, I love Aidan Gillan, but I love the Aidan Gillan of series 1 first and foremost.
454	Lord Godric	2012-04-04	The scene was most shocking on my first watch of the episode, and even then, while I didn't like it, I attempted to moderate my response. Now, I still don't really like it in the context of Littlefinger's character, but I get what they're trying to do.The more I think of it, the less I think it is out of character for show!Littlefinger.  Whereas Littlefinger in the books would never blatantly challenge Cersei like that, it fits with his character of not being afraid of anyone in the show.  He sparred with Varys in the throne room in season 1, which people said was out of character, he made a very blatant and public comment about Renly/Loras which people said was out of character.  Maybe this is just the character they've decided to give him in the show.  It's different from the books, but I am seeing a consistency with his interactions beginning to develop in the show.
455	RoamingRonin	2012-04-04	A lot of what's in the Game of Thrones books is internal dialogue. Stuff like that will die on camera. Action is everything in film and TV. Besides, the show isn't a direct translation of the books. TV/Petyr might be a totally different character from Book/Petyr.
I wasn't bothered by the scene. I always enjoy watching Cersei flaunt her authority. And now there's established tension between Cersei and Littlefinger. It might not have been in line with the books but it fits the show. And as long as the show is consistent -- and good! -- I'm a happy fan.
456	Brianne of Brooklyn	2012-04-05	...more importantly, it's a commentary on the subject of power. It will obviously tie in thematically with the discussion Varys and Tyrion will have (as heard in a trailer). In that sense it works well.i think overall this scene was to set up the theme of the season, the debate about whether knowledge is power or power is power. it's a theme that runs throughout the books as we see characters develop, change course and, at various points, have both physical and mental strength.while i agree, it is was a bit uncharacteristic of LF (who, strangely enough, i actually enjoy in the books because i like seeing how his minds works and how his machinations play out. in the series, i love him if only because i'm a HUGE fan of 'the wire'), it showed that he's not merely a mustache-twirling villain, that there is something human under there whose buttons can be pushed.after reading the rest of the series, i felt that this was totally in line with Cersei, especially after AFFC. she wields "her power" left and right, without realizing how fleeting it truly is.
457	Mini-mitch	2012-04-05	Was it just me or is does Littlefinger sound different than he did in the first season?
458	MegasAV	2012-04-05	The scene was just all wrong, I understand that series LF is somewhat reckless, having him reveal the backstory of the hound to Sansa, and obviously even book LF makes a huge gamble pinning the Valyrian blade on Tyrion, as that very much could have blown up in his face as well.  But in season 1 during the Ros scene LF explicitly states that forcefully exerting power is their "game" and he couldn't win by playing their game, so wny would he throw out that snarky remark to Cersei like that, a complete contradicition in my eyes at least.
459	int11	2012-04-05	Was it just me or is does Littlefinger sound different than he did in the first season?Yes, he had a cold and the fever made him slip. He'll be fit for fight next episode and won't make such mistakes again.
460	Jojen	2012-04-05	I don't know if this has been brought up yet, but they may have been trying to set up a parallel scene with the one between Robb and Jaime. Robb basically pulls a Cersei when he uses Grey Wind to intimidate Jaime, but the reality is, Jaime held the power in that scene, it just isn't immediately apparent.
461	DannySpud	2012-04-06	My gut reaction to that scene was that the producers were saying "you might have read the books now, but we can still surprise you".
And after thinking about it for a bit I don't think Littlefinger was to blame, Cersei was looking for a fight. LF was walking in the other direction when C caught up to him with a group of guards, she doesn't usually walk around with a group of guards following her. Yes she goaded him, but he was probably being a bit defensive faced with a group of guards and was trying to make it clear to her that he had just as much power as she did and that because her and Jamie were practically public knowledge now she had less power than she used to. She tried to show him otherwise. It works within the context of the characters IMO, and if there is a fault with the scene it lies with Cersei acting out of character, not LF.
462	flyingwind66	2012-04-06	I didn't like it... littlefinger's smarter than that.  It's definitely something Cercei would do but having littlefinger be on the receiving end made me cringe.
463	Francois Clegane	2012-04-06	I don't think it's totally out of charcter for littlefinger. I've only read as far as A Storm of Swords, but even then it's obvious how much of a, "Sly dog", Littlefinger is. We've seen him betray Ned Stark already, maybe the scene was to show it doesen't matter whose side you're on, Littlefinger is there to play the Game of Thrones, hence the, "Verbal sparring", with Cersei
464	Klye Condon	2012-04-06	noone seems to have picked up on the fact that despite the fact that cersei boldly proclaims that "power is power" and coolly appears to brutally get the upperhand of littlefinger she actually doesn,t.She can threaten littlefinger but she actually can,t kill him because she needs him and his network of contacts ultimately proving his point -knowledge IS power
465	Envie	2012-04-06	noone seems to have picked up on the fact that despite the fact that cersei boldly proclaims that "power is power" and coolly appears to brutally get the upperhand of littlefinger she actually doesn,t.She can threaten littlefinger but she actually can,t kill him because she needs him and his network of contacts ultimately proving his point -knowledge IS powerThat's also a good way of looking at it. At the end of her little display, she has to again ask him (with please) to find Arya Stark - so its obvious he is still quite important. Another thing few people realize that I tried to point out is that this was yet another way of showing how desperate and out of control Cersei is starting to get. Now that she knows how powerful Joffrey is getting, she's getting a little nutty in the head. This stuff is explained in great detail in the book, but for viewers, there's only dramatic scenes to convey the tension. This scene really did help put everything in perspective.
466	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-07	I don't know, I really liked this scene. It reminds the audience that LF is very much around, that he is witty and that his weapon is knowledge. It also shows us that Cersei completely underestimates him. It would never have worked in the books, but I liked it.
467	R'hllor-Is-The-Truth	2012-04-07	It did not bother me that much except for the guard drilling wich was a very weak way to make a point about power.Joffrey scene seemed a bit off though, he's too insecure to threaten Cersei. If he can do that what is he going to do when Tyrion kicks the shit out of him/I think Tyrion is under the protection of Tywin Lannister and everybody from Kingsguard to the small folk know who Tywin is and what he is capable of. So i don't think Tyrion is in any danger. I think the scene between Cersei and Joffery is best scene in the episode. I hate Cersei so much, even though they are clearly trying to make her more sympathetic. All i could think of during that scene was another scene when Cersei told Joffery to fuck painted whores or noble virgins. Thats what you Cersei for raising such a person.
468	Envie	2012-04-07	I hate Cersei so much, even though they are clearly trying to make her more sympathetic. All i could think of during that scene was another scene when Cersei told Joffery to fuck painted whores or noble virgins. Thats what you Cersei for raising such a person.Ahh but don't forget - what's another reason Joffrey has such a horribly low opinion of women? Not his Mother entirely but also his supposed "Father" the esteemed Robert Baratheon! Joffrey has spent his entire life watching Robert whore and drink himself to death as well as mistreating Cersei (not that she didn't deserve it). Don't pin all the parental blame on Cersei. Joffrey's a monster because of the shitty way his parents have both coddled and ignored him. I love Joffrey's character and also the actor playing him... very powerful reminders of what can happen when a teenager comes to power with an entitlement attitude. This isn't really that far of a stretch from what happens to many modern day teens, sans the ability to behead people haha!
469	birdsong66	2012-04-08	I didn't really mind the scene as a whole.  That said, I did think it served two purposes:FIRST:  Left the viewer/reader still wondering if Catelyn  remains an open wound for LF, or if it's yet another tool in his arsenal of misdirection.SECOND:  Confirmed that Cercei's idea/understanding of "POWER" is superficial, rather too immediate, and she herself is not skilled enough at the game to secure a position of power beyond something best described as fleeting.Two different methods of obtaining and harnessing power, shown as mirror images on HBO.  Rather well done, in that regard.**WILD SPECULATION**If LF is in Renley's camp (not in the novels) and Catelyn is headed to Renley(true to novel), would D&D be so bold as to actually have LF escort Ned's bones as a reason for them both to meet up face to face?  I mean, would they deviate that dramatically?  Thoughts?
470	Skeksi	2012-04-08	^It's possible, I suppose, but I would have thought that Ned's bones will either be sent back to the North with an escort, or to Robb's camp, possibly with Alton Lannister, rather than to Renly's camp, even if it is common knowledge that Catelyn is there.
I think a more likely reason for Littlefinger to end up in Renly's camp is as the Lannister negotiator to try and make a truce with Renly (who is probably one of the biggest threats they face, due to his large army, not to mention, Stannis and Robb are obviously not going to make peace with them), whilst Catelyn is there to do the same for Robb. Of course, in the books Littlefinger doesn't go to Renly's war camp, but it might be that they want to set up some scenes with Littlefinger and the Tyrells, and/or saw a good oppurtunity of having another scene with him and Cat. There are clearly some changes to the timeline, but I would have thought LF will still largely play the same role as he did in the book.
Of course, it might be interesting to see the scenario you suggested, too. I guess we'll see in the next few episodes!
471	Purah	2012-04-09	It would be nice to see Littlefinger's interactions with the Tyrells (I don't think I'm alone here) and his meeting with Cat, and subsequent rejection, will force him to change his plans, giving insight into the way he thrives on chaos, taking opportunities on the fly.
472	Ser Lepus	2012-04-13	I think that scene makes future events a bit more unrealistc. I canÂ´t see any Lannister trusting Littlefinger so much as they do (except Tyrion, who knows that he is dangerous) in the books, after a scene like that.
473	Janicia	2012-09-24	I loved the crazy Cersei grin.
474	Langsax	2014-04-09	I read all of the books, up through Dance with Dragons, before seeing any of the HBO presentation.Â Â  Spoilers or no, reading these threads is awfully informative, and helps keep things on track for me.Â
475	messem	2013-04-19	Sorry, could you please remind me whether season 2 had a prologue or how it did start. I was just talking the other day of what the TV show is giving away. In this case the endgame of White Walker vs. Dragons b/c
* Prologue S1: White Walkers
* End S1: Dragons
* Prologue/Start S2: ??
* End S2: White Walkers
476	King of the Road	2013-04-19	I think it starts with the tourney for Joffrey's name day and thus Tyrion's arrival in King's Landing.
					
					
							Edited by King of the Road, 19 April 2013 - 02:57 PM.
477	Joyful Union	2013-04-20	There is technically no Prologue, it just begins with the opening credits, then just goes straight into the action as King of the Road said above.
478	messem	2013-04-22	Okay. Thank you. Another theory gone /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
479	fauxkaren	2012-04-02	I was rather dissatisfied with the way that Catelyn was written in 2x01 and am not feeling too confident about the way that the show is handling the Robb and Cat portion of the story. I mean, I understand that this is an adaptation and that things have to change, but I'm struggling with understanding WHY certain changes were necessary. The following is adapated from something I wrote on tumblr, but I thought it would be a good jumping off point for discussion.
Really, I think HBO just does not understand the Robb and Cat storyline. It seems like the show is playing Robb As Hero completely straight. I think part of that is a by-product of aging up the character. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s kind of hard to sell Richard Madden as a Boy King. So in the books when Robb pulls the Grey Wind stunt with Cleos Frey, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s immature posturing. But in the show when he does it with Jaime, I think weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re supposed to read it as him being bad ass which completely misses the point of his character (the point being Robb as a deconstruction of the idea of a boy king).
But the way Cat was handled was even worse. There were four big mistakes with the way Cat was written in 2x01.
1. In the books, it is Catelyn who suggests to Robb that they go to Renly in order to try to get the Baratheon brothers to work together to take down the Lannisters. I love that it is Catelyn who has the political mind to see this solution. The fact that in the show they gave that idea to Robb does away with the idea we see in the books that while Robb is a capable general on the battlefield, he needs help ruling because he's not skilled in politics and diplomacy. It also de-emphasizes Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perceptiveness and cleverness.
2. I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really like the fact that the only reason Cat gave for not sending Theon to Balon to treat was because Balon was untrustworthy. I mean, that is true, but in the books she relents and says that if Robb has to treat with Balon send someone else other than Theon. I think that in order for later events to be most impactful, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s important that she tell Robb specifically to NOT send Theon. Her opposition to sending Theon also shows her wisdom. Theon is a HOSTAGE. He is their leverage over Balon. WHY WOULD YOU GIVE UP YOUR LEVERAGE, ROBB? Robb was letting his emotions and his affection for Theon make his decisions for him, so he ignored Cat's wisdom.
3. I was annoyed that Cat didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get her line about girls not being worth it. Catelyn knows how the world works and she knows that in Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes his sisters arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth giving up his prize hostage of Jaime Lannister. I mean, I believe Robb loves his sisters, but he also doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want to risk angering his bannermen and they would be upset if he traded Jaime for Arya and Sansa. But with the line about girls not being worth it, it becomes explicit that Cat understands how the politics of it all is very gendered and how girls arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth much in this game of thrones. And I think that is important to her character because she's a character who fulfills the gender roles of her society. She LIKES being a wife and mother and is generally traditionally feminine, but that doesn't prevent her from seeing how unfair her society is to women. I mean, I think we still got some of that it in the show, but it could have been done better and more explicitly.
4. And finally and most aggravatingly, I was upset at her line about it being time for her to go home. I mean in the book she does want to see Bran and Rickon, but she knows that her duty right now is with Robb. So her wish to see Bran and Rickon in the books is more of a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish we were all safe in Winterfellâ<U+0080><U+009D> or a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish I could be in multiple places at onceâ<U+0080><U+009D> type thing. In the book she makes a conscious choice to be with Robb because she knows that he needs her more at that moment in time (Robb is trying to stage a rebellion after all, while Bran and Rickon are far away from the fighting in the care of trusted guardians). But Robb is a typical teenager about it, trying to assert his independence and wanting his mom out of the way, so he tries to send her away to various places. I feel like by changing things to have Catelyn want to leave Robb and be with Bran and Rickon, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like the showrunners are validating all the Catelyn Critics who complain about what a terrible mother she is for abandoning Bran and Rickon which is just... not true.
All of these things might seem like minor changes, but there are specific shades of meaning and nuances and complexity in the original text that I think were lost in the adaptation to screen and I just don't understand why those changes were made. The only reason I can see is that the writers don't fully understand Catelyn as a character and subsequently those changes didn't seem like all that big of a deal. But I guess that to me, as someone who loves the character in the books, those changes just really stood out to me and didn't sit well with me at all.
480	Alexia	2012-04-03	What the writers seem to be doing with Catelyn is really upsetting me. In the original text, she was a pragmatic feudal lady with keen political insights, whose less competent teenaged son pushed her aside and wanted her to go away and leave him alone. A teenaged son who was portrayed as generally politically inept, and whose chest-thumping refusal to trade the Kingslayer for his sisters enabled the Red Wedding, a Lannister power grab through Sansa, and a Bolton power grab through a false Arya.
The way that she has been adapted for the screen is, frankly, sexist. She was a politically smart and ambitious woman who was ignored for merely being a woman while a young teen ruined their House through misplaced trust and naivetA©. She is hated by fans for, well, being a politically smart and ambitious woman who interferes with the male â<U+0080><U+009C>heroesâ<U+0080><U+009D> and points out their poor decisions instead of going back to her babies where she belongs.
So the way HBO decides to adapt her is to make Robb recite her lines from the book that show political insight, remove her from the table where the political decisions are being made, and validate all the misogyny being directed her way by having this adapted character say that her place is back with her babies (because, of course, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s where a good woman belongs and should want to be!).
In the books, she was *right* in almost every call she made â<U+0080><U+0094> but her opinions are dismissed because she is a woman and Robb is 1) a rebellious teen; and, 2) has embraced some of the ingrained sexism of his society and doesn't want his bannermen to see him taking advice from Mom. The commentary here, which passes straight over the heads of a lot of fans, is really genius. If Robb *had* listened to mommy, House Stark would not have been demolished the way it was.
And the writers chose to not only ignore that, but to diminish the female character so as to pump up the male â<U+0080><U+0094> in a way that completely validates the misogyny targeting the character (a good womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies and not involved in politics â<U+0080><U+0093> in fact, if sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s involved in politics at all, it should be reluctantly!) but that also misses the point of the entire arc. My honest-to-God reaction was, WTF are you doing HBO?
Catelyn's plotline deals heavily with themes of sexism. After Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s execution, she was calling for peace while the men around her chose war (and devastated the North and the Riverlands). Robb wanted her to go back to Bran and Rickon but she wanted to stay with him, where the future of their family was being decided. It was her idea to visit Renly to attempt to make an alliance, not Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. She wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t entirely against sending an envoy to Balon, just not Theon. She wanted Ned to go south to become Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Hand.
Now, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been downgraded. One assumes that the reasons for it are three-fold: 1) To pump up Robb and make him sexier to the audiences instead of portrying the tragic boy king in over his head that he actually was; 2) to make her more palatable to audiences (because a womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies, doncha know); and 3) to amend Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s characterization as she gets the storyline of a son who has slipped her control instead.
Congratulations on either completely missing the entire point of a character arc and plotline or demonstrating a stupendous level of sexism, all while validating the misogyny that permeates this fandom.
					
					
							Edited by Alexia, 03 April 2012 - 03:56 PM.
481	Buckwheat	2012-04-03	I have not really noticed it while watching, but really - I hardly noticed Catelyn's presence, which is, I believe, the exact thing you are tring to say, they are making Robb's role much more obvious, so Cat's suffers for it. Therefore, I agree with you completely.
482	A Bong of Ice and Fire	2012-04-03	I agree 100%.  The show's writers blew the Catelyn character pretty badly.  What you are seeing now is the show starting to come undone, as the writers stray farther and farther from the source material and start offering up "composite characters" and adding new invented scenes that $#!+ all over the book characters (LF-Cersei abomination comes to mind /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> ).
Season 1 was nice, but put a fork in her in season 2.  She's done.
483	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	Given the level of hatred directed at Cat by the book readers over the years, my guess is most of the changes to her story are simply to make her a more sympathetic character.
484	Buckwheat	2012-04-03	Given the level of hatred directed at Cat by the book readers over the years, my guess is most of the changes to her story are simply to make her a more sympathetic character.I do not see how "I should be with Bran and Rickon in Winterfell" and yelling at the new star Robb could possibly make her a more sympathetic character.
485	int11	2012-04-03	I agree. Catelyn and her POVs where of my favorites from ACoK and ASoS. By the way, I love this part as well:[Robb:] â<U+0080><U+009C>Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s different. The man at the Crag was a knight Jeyne had known all her life. You canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t blame her for being afraid. Grey Wind doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like her uncle either. He bares his teeth every time Ser Rolph comes near him.â<U+0080><U+009D>A chill went through her. â<U+0080><U+009C>Send Ser Rolph away. At once.â<U+0080><U+009D>
					
					
							Edited by int11, 03 April 2012 - 04:19 PM.
486	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	I do not see how "I should be with Bran and Rickon in Winterfell" and yelling at the new star Robb could possibly make her a more sympathetic character.I don't want this to dissolve in another of the long sexist arguments that take place on the novel boards over this topic, but one of the issues people have with Cat is the fact that she left Bran and Rickon in Winterfell and wouldn't go back, even when asked to and told she wasn't needed.The OP's points about her being a brilliant political strategist who's plans would have been golden if Robb listened to them are kind of moot, because he didn't. The end result of her actions and her counsel, start with the beginning of the war against the Lannisters, when she wrongly accuses and kidnaps a fan favorite character in Tyrion, does not spend any time with Bran and Rickon who repeatedly is stated really needs his mother, frees Jamie, which looses Rob's hold on his army and allows for the events leading up to the Red Wedding to happen.She's seen as a meddler, a neglectful mother and is either wrongfully cruel or wrongfully accusing of 2 fan favorite characters in Jon and Tyrion.In the arguments is support of Cat, people always do the mental acrobatics to show that in each individual instance she was at least somewhat justified, or at least should be forgiven for her actions. However, again, this is a moot point. The end result is that many, if not most, reactions to her are negative because of this. Without even being privvy to her internal monologue, this is only going to be magnified in a TV show.Allowing Cat to be the one who wants to go home to her children, and have others being the ones that are needing her and asking her to be elsewhere is a good choice, IMO, in terms of keeping sympathy for the character.
487	legba11	2012-04-03	Disagree on many points.  I find her book character to be extremely hard to like.  She is the source of so many of the bad things happen, but as opposed to people like Ned (who's flaw is Honor), her flaw is her need for vengeance (which is much less sympathetic).  She abandons her family to seek her revenge (anyone could have brought the news of the assassin to Ned), leaving behind her duties to her children and to her people (by leaving Winterfell).  She knew what kidnapping Tyrion would do, yet did it and left the other half of her family surrounded by vipers.  After that blows up in her face, she insists on staying with her dying father (continuing to neglect Bran and Rickon and now her people are being ruled by an 8 year old).
Fast forward and she throws her son's army away in a desperate grab for her daughter.  (There is no reason anyone would think Arya was in the Lannister hands by that point).
We'll ignore zombie Catelyn for now...
In the TV, she makes the sensible play and wants to return home and take care of her youngest children and take charge of her son's kingdom.  I think she will be seen in a much better light as things play out.
488	Alexia	2012-04-03	Disagree on many points.  I find her book character to be extremely hard to like.  She is the source of so many of the bad things happen, but as opposed to people like Ned (who's flaw is Honor), her flaw is her need for vengeance (which is much less sympathetic). No, a need for veagence is not her flaw -- it is Robb's.  She repeatedly tried to get him to make peace.  He responded by questioning her love for Ned.Allowing Cat to be the one who wants to go home to her children, and have others being the ones that are needing her and asking her to be elsewhere is a good choice, IMO, in terms of keeping sympathy for the character."It is a wise woman who knows her place."Now that HBO taught Catelyn Stark her place, we can feel sympathy for her now.  She's learned, after all, that politics is men's business and her place is at home with her babies.  Finally, a woman who doesn't threaten any male heroes.
489	mermer	2012-04-03	Sorry but not going with her children and remaining where she was I think was more a show of her political character and of her self-forgetfulness. She had to be where she was more useful and she also was the Lady of Winterfell, had to exemplify with her actions.
When i read the books i always have the impression of her being righteous ad for me her actions are always justified because she wanted the best for her family. And dont forget JOn was a shame for her, he was a bastard and not a member of her family-. What average guy brings a child home and says honey this is my son i had him when i was away, take care of him while i go to work (bullshit), she wanted to protect her children. Always. And would have done anything (sorry for the off-topic)
Edited: IÂ´m not going to blame HBO producers for changing catÂ´s character and i donÂ´t think is something that disminishes the role of women in westeros. I only say that we are forgetting who cat is Family Honor Duty. ItÂ´s so simple yet so difficult to understand.
And HBO just turns her values and that is what IÂ´m annoyed with catÂ´s role at the chapter, although well portrayed she is not that.
					
					
							Edited by mermer, 03 April 2012 - 06:12 PM.
490	you wouldn't know me	2012-04-03	I think its a bit soon to start saying they are messing up her character, we only saw her for a few minutes and its only natural she would want to return to Bran and Rickon since her husband has just died and her daughters are being held captive by the Lannisters. I also don't agree with you about how Robb should have traded Jaime for his sisters as Robb mentions in the show his bannerman would string him up, Robb made many mistakes but that wasn't one of them. I wasn't a massive fan with the way they portrayed her in this episode but hopefully once she goes off on her own to meet Renly her character will become great again.
491	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	Now that HBO taught Catelyn Stark her place, we can feel sympathy for her now.  She's learned, after all, that politics is men's business and her place is at home with her babies.  Finally, a woman who doesn't threaten any male heroes.If you take issue with this, you should probably take it up with GRRM, not HBO. If he wanted to better show her to be politically shrewd and competent, he could have made some of her plans work out at some point. They donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t.If he wanted her to appear more likeable, he could have written it so that she isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t cruel to fan favorite characters right off the bat. She did.If he wanted to make it seem as though she didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need to be with Bran and Rickon back in Winterfell, he could have written in some extra childcare there. There wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t.Honestly, you would think that in such a powerful stronghold, they would have had more than just Septa Mordane to look after the kids. But, they sent her South and in every Winterfell POV after that its stated that Rickon is literally devolving into a beast, who â<U+0080><U+009C>needs his motherâ<U+0080><U+009D> with nobody to look after him.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little hard to blame this on sexism and it has nothing to do with her being a woman. This is the character that George has written, and sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s unlikable for a lot of readers. It simply has to do with the actions sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s written to have taken.
492	fauxkaren	2012-04-03	If you take issue with this, you should probably take it up with GRRM, not HBO. If he wanted to better show her to be politically shrewd and competent, he could have made some of her plans work out at some point. They donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t.If he wanted her to appear more likeable, he could have written it so that she isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t cruel to fan favorite characters right off the bat. She did.If he wanted to make it seem as though she didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need to be with Bran and Rickon back in Winterfell, he could have written in some extra childcare there. There wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t.Honestly, you would think that in such a powerful stronghold, they would have had more than just Septa Mordane to look after the kids. But, they sent her South and in every Winterfell POV after that its stated that Rickon is literally devolving into a beast, who â<U+0080><U+009C>needs his motherâ<U+0080><U+009D> with nobody to look after him.Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little hard to blame this on sexism and it has nothing to do with her being a woman. This is the character that George has written, and sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s unlikable for a lot of readers. It simply has to do with the actions sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s written to have taken.GRRM DOES show that she is politically shrewd and competent. She knows what the Freys want and thus is able to treat with them and make the deal that allows Robb to cross the Twins. She is the one who comes up with the idea to treat with Renly. Yes, this plan doesn't work out... AND IT ENDS IN RENLY'S DEATH. It was still a good plan, but Renly and Stannis did not listen to her reason. If Robb had listented to Catelyn and not sent Theon (WHO WAS THEIR HOSTAGE) to Pyke, it's possible that Winterfell would never have been sacked. Catelyn was wise to see that the Freys would not be happy at the Red Wedding which is why she advised Robb to eat right away in order to establish guest rite. How was she supposed to be able to see that Walder Frey would go against that sacred tradition and murder guests in his own home.Catelyn is mean to a fan favorite right off the bat, but Jaime also pushes a child out a tower window right of the bat and somehow readers are able to forgive him and Jaime is one of the most popular characters in the book. Please try to tell me that there is not some degree of sexism involved in that. Female characters are held to higher (and more unreasonable standards) than their male counterparts.Maester Lusin, a maester and a man who has known Bran and Rickon since BIRTH is at Winterfell with the boys. How is that not adequate childcare?? Rickon and Bran were miles and miles and miles away from the fighting. Robb was trying to stage a rebellion. I'm sorry if I just don't understand how it is not obvious to everyone that Robb is the one wh needs Cat most.Personally, I do not find Cat unlikable. She is my favorite character and I find her to be imminently likable and sympathetic with a compelling and unique story to boot. The reasons that many people come up with to hate her do have their root causes in sexism. They judge her based on her not being a good enough mother whereas you hardly see characters hated for being awful fathers (OF WHICH THERE ARE PLENTY IN THIS SERIES). Part of the reason people dislike her treatment of Jon is because she wasn't a mother to him even though she had NO social obligation to be a mother figure to him, but that expectation is put on her because she is a woman and amother. They ascribe her actions as irrational when she does act on emotions (like when she frees Jaime) and declare her to be stupid and a hysterical woman even though they are a lot of male characters who also act on their emotions (Robb marrying Jeyne, Tyrion killing Shae and Tywin, Jaime pushing Bran out a window).
493	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-03	I think its a bit soon to start saying they are messing up her character, we only saw her for a few minutes and its only natural she would want to return to Bran and Rickon since her husband has just died and her daughters are being held captive by the Lannisters. I also don't agree with you about how Robb should have traded Jaime for his sisters as Robb mentions in the show his bannerman would string him up, Robb made many mistakes but that wasn't one of them. I wasn't a massive fan with the way they portrayed her in this episode but hopefully once she goes off on her own to meet Renly her character will become great again.We've seen her for ten episodes, not a few minutes.
494	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	She is the one who comes up with the idea to treat with Renly. Yes, this plan doesn't work out... AND IT ENDS IN RENLY'S DEATH. It was still a good plan, but Renly and Stannis did not listen to her reason. If Robb had listented to Catelyn and not sent Theon (WHO WAS THEIR HOSTAGE) to Pyke, it's possible that Winterfell would never have been sacked. Catelyn was wise to see that the Freys would not be happy at the Red Wedding which is why she advised Robb to eat right away in order to establish guest rite. How was she supposed to be able to see that Walder Frey would go against that sacred tradition and murder guests in his own home.Like I said above, these are moot points. "Should have", "if", "how was she to know"..enough said.Catelyn is mean to a fan favorite right off the bat, but Jaime also pushes a child out a tower window right of the bat and somehow readers are able to forgive him and Jaime is one of the most popular characters in the book. Please try to tell me that there is not some degree of sexism involved in that. Female characters are held to higher (and more unreasonable standards) than their male counterparts.Jaime wasn't liked until 3 books later and many people still dislike him. He was the most hated character in the book for the first 2 books. Apples and Oranges anyway, as George had Jaime commit one horrid act and then purposefully went about making him bend over backwards to show how different he was in book 3.  Cat doesn't go through any kind change (until un-Cat)Maester Lusin, a maester and a man who has known Bran and Rickon since BIRTH is at Winterfell with the boys. How is that not adequate childcare?? Rickon and Bran were miles and miles and miles away from the fighting. Robb was trying to stage a rebellion. I'm sorry if I just don't understand how it is not obvious to everyone that Robb is the one wh needs Cat most.Ask George, not me. He's the one that writes that Rickon "needs his mother". Not me. He's the one that writes Rickon as being neglected and allowed to become a feral child. As I wrote above, I would think they should have adequate childcare there. However, George didn't write it that way.And nobody in Westeros and most readers don't find it obvious that Robb needs Cat at all.Personally, I do not find Cat unlikable. She is my favorite character and I find her to be imminently likable and sympathetic with a compelling and unique story to boot. The reasons that many people come up with to hate her do have their root causes in sexism. They judge her based on her not being a good enough mother whereas you hardly see characters hated for being awful fathers (OF WHICH THERE ARE PLENTY IN THIS SERIES). Part of the reason people dislike her treatment of Jon is because she wasn't a mother to him even though she had NO social obligation to be a mother figure to him, but that expectation is put on her because she is a woman and amother. They ascribe her actions as irrational when she does act on emotions (like when she frees Jaime) and declare her to be stupid and a hysterical woman even though they are a lot of male characters who also act on their emotions (Robb marrying Jeyne, Tyrion killing Shae and Tywin, Jaime pushing Bran out a window).Again, you have to go to the source on this one, of GRRM and stop ascribing sexism to the reasons why Cat is disliked. It is pretty clearly not sexist in nature. You keep giving examples of other characters that do bad things, or make mistakes, and that's true. In ASOIAF nobody is perfect, and in this series everybody finds different characters to like and forgive. However, no point of view character, other than perhaps Cersei makes more decisions that lead to such bad results. People's reactions to Cat are natural occurrences from the way she is written. You can forgive anybody for anything. You don't have to justify as many actions for other characters as you do for Cat. Even in your defense here it was nothing but justification after justification for either poor action or poor result. For every other POV character, that's just not the case with plenty of simply good actions in between.Most people don't come around on Jaime until he has a truly heroic moment, throwing himself into the bear pit to save Brienne. George really went out of his way to turn that character around. He didn't do the same for Cat.
495	Kaitscralt	2012-04-03	In the books, she was *right* in almost every call she made â<U+0080><U+0094>We must have read different novels. Whenever she wasn't talking to Robb, and on her own, she did things extremely narrow-minded and basically is the cause of the entire conflict.
496	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-03	The cause of the war was many people.
It's not moot that Catelyn's good advice went nowhere.  That's the point of her story: people did not listen to her when they ought to have.  That's like saying Cassandra has no story because Troy didn't listen to her.
497	Alexia	2012-04-03	We must have read different novels. Whenever she wasn't talking to Robb, and on her own, she did things extremely narrow-minded and basically is the cause of the entire conflict.Yeah, I think we did read different novels.  In the books I read, the conflict was caused when Jaime and Cersei ended up having to fight a war to keep their incestuous bastards on the throne after their secret started coming out.  In the book I read, Jaime attempted to murder Brandon Stark and that is when their house of cards started falling.In the book I read, she brokered the alliance with the Freys (that Robb later broke), advised against sending Theon to his father (also recommended by Ned), advised attempting to broker an alliance with Renly (completely failed when Stannis murdered him with black magic), advised trading Jaime for the girls (Roose Bolton and Tywin Lannister got the last laugh on the value of girls), advised surrendering when their cause was lost (they all died shortly thereafter at the hands of Robb's allies).In the books I read, she was a Cassandra figure.
498	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	While I agree that the character's different, I disagree with almost everything else you said. Robb probably did bring down the Starks, but it wasn't because he didn't trade Jaime for Sansa, it was because he broke his engagement vow, causing the Red Wedding. After she tried to treat with Renly, she should've gone back to Winterfel and tried to help Bran and Rickon. She would've been the biggest political asset there, where they were politically weakest. Robb actually made fairly good decisions except alienating the Karstarks and breaking his vows.
[edit] Catelyn is also not as good as you make her out. I am not a Cat-hater like most everybody else here, but she was downright cruel to Jon and later becomes obsessed with vengeance at the expense of her humanity.
					
					
							Edited by seeyouintee, 03 April 2012 - 06:41 PM.
499	David Selig	2012-04-03	Yeah, it's quite a shame. Not only for the reasons Alexia explained so well, but also because IMO Michelle Fairley is one of the best actors in the cast and would have done justice to a more complex character. On the other hand, the attempts to make Cersei more multidimensional in the series often fall flat because Lena Headley is quite limited as an actress IMO.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 15 April 2012 - 06:22 AM.
500	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-03	I can't decide whether the Catelyn apologists or the haters are more annoying.
501	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-03	Winterfell didn't fall because of lack of political acumen.  They had few men to defend them because Robb took them all south, and Theon was able to take advantage of that, because Robb let him go.  It was Theon's idea to take Winterfell, not Balon's.  And Ironborn don't negotiate, they defeat until they are defeated.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 03 April 2012 - 06:45 PM.
502	The Black Wolf	2012-04-03	GRRM DOES show that she is politically shrewd and competent. She knows what the Freys want and thus is able to treat with them and make the deal that allows Robb to cross the Twins. She is the one who comes up with the idea to treat with Renly. Yes, this plan doesn't work out... AND IT ENDS IN RENLY'S DEATH. It was still a good plan, but Renly and Stannis did not listen to her reason. If Robb had listented to Catelyn and not sent Theon (WHO WAS THEIR HOSTAGE) to Pyke, it's possible that Winterfell would never have been sacked. Catelyn was wise to see that the Freys would not be happy at the Red Wedding which is why she advised Robb to eat right away in order to establish guest rite.It was a good idea to try and treat with Renly, but she doesn't know how to do it. IIRC Renly didn't seem too keen on letting the north be independent. In general her plans have never worked out the way she wanted them to. She urged Ned to go to Kings Landing, captured Tyrion and brought him to Lysa, advised Ned to trust Littlefinger, released Jaime openly defying her son and king... I'm not saying she's stupid or that I don't like her, I learned to sympathise with her throughout ACoK and later books, but she's not all that good at political strategy. While I agree Robb wasn't great at it either, he was a 15-16 year old boy. Him breaking his betrothal was stupid, but also the typical rash action of a hormonal teenager, specially one that has been raised to follow the code of honour of Ned Stark.How was she supposed to be able to see that Walder Frey would go against that sacred tradition and murder guests in his own home.How was Robb supposed to know that his childhood friend, who must have been nearly as dear as a brother to him, would betray him so terribly and "kill" his brothers?Catelyn is mean to a fan favorite right off the bat, but Jaime also pushes a child out a tower window right of the bat and somehow readers are able to forgive him and Jaime is one of the most popular characters in the book. Please try to tell me that there is not some degree of sexism involved in that. Female characters are held to higher (and more unreasonable standards) than their male counterparts.I think the difference is that Jaime pushing Bran out the window is an impulsive act, an act done to protect the people he loves. He doesn't think it through and believes he has no other choice (I'm not excusing Jaime's action, just saying that it wasn't premeditated). Cat's treatment of Jon isn't just a one-off rash action, it's continuous and done mainly out of spite. I'm not saying she should be fine with her husband having a bastard, but her anger should clearly be directed at Ned, not at Jon.
					
					
							Edited by The Black Wolf, 03 April 2012 - 06:47 PM.
503	fauxkaren	2012-04-03	Like I said above, these are moot points. "Should have", "if", "how was she to know"..enough said.The point is that she SHOULD have been listened to because she gave wise advice and the people who did not listen to her ended up dead. That is the point. Cat gave good advice. People didn't listen. They died. How is that unclear to show her wisdom? She SHOULD have been listened to and it was the folly of other people to ignore her.Jaime wasn't liked until 3 books later and many people still dislike him. He was the most hated character in the book for the first 2 books. Apples and Oranges anyway, as George had Jaime commit one horrid act and then purposefully went about making him bend over backwards to show how different he was in book 3.  Cat doesn't go through any kind change (until un-Cat)Yes it is comparing apples to oranges because was Cat did was nowhere near as awful as was Jaime did. She didn't need to be redeemed because she did nothing for which she needed redemption.Ask George, not me. He's the one that writes that Rickon "needs his mother". Not me. He's the one that writes Rickon as being neglected and allowed to become a feral child. As I wrote above, I would think they should have adequate childcare there. However, George didn't write it that way.If Cat could have been in two places at once, she would have been there in a HEARTBEAT. But Cat had to make a choice and she chose to stay with the fifteen year old who was fighting a war because he needed her the most.And nobody in Westeros and most readers don't find it obvious that Robb needs Cat at all.Wow. I am really not sure how one would arrive at that conclusion because it is obvious to me that Robb doesn't really know what he is doing as a ruler. He is a good general, yes. But he doesn't know how to manage his bannermen and he really is fighting an unwinnable war which is why CATELYN makes the suggestion to treat with Renly. Robb does need Catelyn's advice and he is foolish to not take it. A fifteen year old not wanting his mom around is not concrete evidence that she SHOULDN'T be around. Furthermore, Robb's bannermen not wanting her around doesn't mean she SHOULDN'T be around. Westeros is a deeply sexist society that does not value the opinion of women, but that doesn't mean that it is ok.Again, you have to go to the source on this one, of GRRM and stop ascribing sexism to the reasons why Cat is disliked. It is pretty clearly not sexist in nature. You keep giving examples of other characters that do bad things, or make mistakes, and that's true. In ASOIAF nobody is perfect, and in this series everybody finds different characters to like and forgive. However, no point of view character, other than perhaps Cersei makes more decisions that lead to such bad results. People's reactions to Cat are natural occurrences from the way she is written. You can forgive anybody for anything. You don't have to justify as many actions for other characters as you do for Cat. Even in your defense here it was nothing but justification after justification for either poor action or poor result. For every other POV character, that's just not the case with plenty of simply good actions in between.Please elaborate on the bad decisions that Cat made that led to bad results. She captured Tyrion which did lead to bad results, but those were bad results that were unforeseeable. You cannot blame her for Tywin's over the top reaction. She set Jaime free, but what bad results did that have? The Red Wedding was already being planned. Both Ned and Robb (just to name two characters) made even worse decisions that led to even worse results. Cat is routinely unfairly singled out.We must have read different novels. Whenever she wasn't talking to Robb, and on her own, she did things extremely narrow-minded and basically is the cause of the entire conflict.Yes. We really must have read different novels because in the novels I read there was no single cause of the conflict because the series is actually really great in its complexity and in showing that the political situation was so tenuous and entangled that everything was incredibly precarious and multiple people contributed to the start of the war and it cannot be pinned on any one person. Saying Catelyn started the war is like saying the the assasination of Franz Ferdinand was the cause of World War I. WAS IT PART OF IT? YES. But saying that that isolated incident cause the war is just completely wrong and ignores the larger context.
504	LauraD	2012-04-03	You're upset because you think they were trying to make Catelyn more sympathetic & likable and you don't like the way they went about it.  I saw it completely differently.I thought they were trying to make Robb more sympathetic.  Here he is, boy king, who is ultimately fighting this war because he lost his father and sisters.  A lot of people end up losing their fathers because of this war.  If they played Robb as he is in the books, it wouldn't translate for two reasons.  One: he's just too old for his youthful flaws to be sympathetic.  TV Bran whines, and we go "oh it's OK, he's just a kid. Kids whine."  TV Robb whines, and we go, "Pathetic. Be a man."And Two: it wouldn't come across via the format.  In the books, its easy to see how Robb is torn by trying to please so many all the time, how his ear is filled with so much advice.  It's less visible in TV where long conversations of exposition about the world won't sit well.Book Robb is understood as, for whatever his flaws are, good.  I felt they were trying to get that across for viewers.  In short, I thought they cut out Catelyn's legs a bit to make Robb look taller.
					
					
							Edited by LauraD, 03 April 2012 - 06:51 PM.
505	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-03	It was a good idea to try and treat with Renly, but she doesn't know how to do it. IIRC Renly didn't seem too keen on letting the north be independent.Renly was willing to work with Robb and let him be a king as long as he was a king in fealty to another king.  Catelyn was going to take those terms back to Robb, but Renly bit it.  Renly was more flexible, it was Stannis who was rigid.While I agree Robb wasn't great at it either, he was a 15-16 year old boy. Him breaking his betrothal was stupid, but also the typical rash action of a hormonal teenager, specially one that has been raised to follow the code of honour of Ned Stark.So the solution is to give Cat's positive contributions to Robb in the TV show?How was Robb supposed to know that his childhood friend, who must have been nearly as dear as a brother to him, would betray him so terribly and "kill" his brothers?I don't blame Robb.  Just pointing out that this falls under "moot" according to someone else's definition in this thread.Cat's treatment of Jon isn't just a one-off rash action, it's continuous and done mainly out of spite. I'm not saying she should be fine with her husband having a bastard, but her anger should clearly be directed at Ned, not at Jon.The worst Cat did was say a terrible thing to Jon.  The worst Jaime did was try to kill Bran.  That matters too.
506	TexanTullyLady	2012-04-03	I completely agree with fauxkaren. The evidence is more than abundant in the series of Cat being a shrewd negotiator and she's stated it. Nothing is ever simple with GRRM or this series. He's a master of layers upon layers and subtext, and  there are those fans (myself included) who are upset at the way Cat got written in episode One; did I miss some clause in the Fandom Charter of the Realm that said it is some form of mortal sin that we are upset? I want more of Robb's POV so I don't mind him taking more command in the series; I really don't. This next part might earn me more than a few sideways glances on my Tumblr, but I personally don't mind Cat vocalizing she wants to go home and see Bran and Rickon  in front of Robb and in private--especially after Robb tried to explain his plan for allying with Balon Greyjoy. But what really ground my gears was the idea of the Starks treating with Renly came from Robb and not Cat. Personally, Cat shines in the second series to me because she works within the 'system' and continues to fight for her family by using her smarts and her perception. If I may throw a different line of thought out there re: Bran and Rickon? Cat was in the exact spot she needed to be to save all 5 of her kids, and she HATED not being able to be at Winterfell with the kids ( "I do not forget you my sweet ones; you must believe your brother needs me more." I believe it's in Clash; I can't recall the exact page number). Anyways, back to my original point: Bran and Rickon are safe in WF until Theon invades. Whose call was it to send Theon to Pyke to try for an alliance with Balon? Robb. Who advised against it? Cat. Had Robb heeded her advice and kept Theon close, there would be no Sack of Winterfell. There's two of the five safe plus a home to come back to when this is all over.  Robb himself: Cat petitioning for an alliance with Renly . Renly had the military backing (100K soliders plus a good portion of the Southern Navy. I don't have the books in front of me so I can't look at a map.) for Robb's rebellion to not only have more than a fool's hope of succeeding, but to get Robb himself back alive. There's the guys out of harms way. Sansa and Arya: Releasing Jaime was the only option she feasibly had available to her.  But she didn't just undo the cell door and set him free--he swore some heavy oaths to not harm another Stark or a Tully, and Brienne was sent along as an escort to  make for damn sure Jaime held to his vows ("Sansa Stark is my last chance for honor" Jaime in Storm when he and Brienne are on the road; again, no books in front of me so can't cite a page number).  That's my thoughts on that matter.
507	fauxkaren	2012-04-03	How was Robb supposed to know that his childhood friend, who must have been nearly as dear as a brother to him, would betray him so terribly and "kill" his brothers?Because his mother told him it was a stupid idea? No one could have foreseen that Theon would attack Winterfell. But Cat's reasoning for not sending Theon to Balon is logical. Robb let his emotions and his affection for Theon get in the way of reason. Cat didn't want Robb to send Theon because Theon is their HOSTAGE. He was their leverage over Balon. Sending Theon to Balon removed any hold over Balon that they might have had. If Robb had sent another lord to treat with Balon and said, "join with us and I will make you king of the Iron Islands and also I won't kill your son", would he have worked with Robb? Probably not. But with the possibility of executing Theon still out there, would he have attacked the north? I am pretty sure he wouldn't.I think the difference is that Jaime pushing Bran out the window is an impulsive act, an act done to protect the people he loves. He doesn't think it through and believes he has no other choice (I'm not excusing Jaime's action, just saying that it wasn't premeditated). Cat's treatment of Jon isn't just a one-off rash action, it's continuous and done mainly out of spite. I'm not saying she should be fine with her husband having a bastard, but her anger should clearly be directed at Ned, not at Jon.Yes, Cat's anger should have been directed at Ned. Cat is not a perfect person. She is a fully realized human character. It is a lot easier to project feelings of anger and bitterness onto a person that you intentionally keep at arms length than to harbor those feelings towards a man you are married to, are growing to love, and who shares your bed every night. Is it rational? No. But it is human.
508	Hyper	2012-04-03	I do not see how "I should be with Bran and Rickon in Winterfell" and yelling at the new star Robb could possibly make her a more sympathetic character.Gosh no, how can any parent wanting to spend time with their children ever be seen as a positive character trait? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Sometimes I wonder about the state of ASOIAF fandom. Would you all like some cheese with that whine?
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 03 April 2012 - 06:56 PM.
509	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-03	her flaw is her need for vengeance (which is much less sympathetic)Ironic.  In the books Catelyn routinely puts aside vengeance for other purposes.  It's HBO who plays up her vengeance streak.
510	jubah	2012-04-03	but LauraD, we agree completely.and we think it's unfair.Would it do to have, for example, tywin hesitate on his war out of fear to hurt Jaime, to show how loved Jaime was when compared to his siblings?Would it do to have Ned not be so honorable so Jon's honour could shine brighter?!Please... that's the excuse of a petty writer.Someone accuses us of mind acrobatics? wow. let me put this in a simple way:- cat tells ned to stay, instead of telling him to go- cat says she wants to go home, instead of staying in the camp- cat don't want to go parley with renly when she's the one who comes up with that in the first placeso it's another character entirely. Are we being unreasonable to complain??One last time about Tyrion's polemic arrest:it was TYRION who acted like a DUMBASS outing Catelyn in front of everyone when she was clearly incognito, in a random inn with only one companion. TYRION was the one who forced a confrontation and backed Cat into a corner, forcing a desperate reaction out of her. He subestimated Cat, though, and never though she could overcome his money as his status as queen's brother with nothing but the authority of her voice. What was the option, pray tell, when the man who murdered your brother-in-law and tried to murder your son TWICE appears with a bunch of guards and backs you into a corner? Cat fought, and won. And if you hadn't been inside Tyrion's mind and knew he wasn't the culprint thanks to your god-like perspective, you would have cheered and congratulated Cat... who knows how many of you did anyway.
511	heartofgold	2012-04-03	In short, I thought they cut out Catelyn's legs a bit to make Robb look taller.Yes.  And I think this is where the problem lies. One character's complexities are sacrificed in order to service another.(See also: the Cersei and Littlefinger scene)
512	The Black Wolf	2012-04-03	So the solution is to give Cat's positive contributions to Robb in the TV show?I believe LauraD's observations are right: Robb in the show is older than Robb in the books, and that's why they have to change some things.And I'm not trying to excuse Jaime's actions, nor vilify Catelyn, I'm just trying to explain how people can dislike Catelyn but like Jaime without being sexist (personally I prefer Jaime these days, which doesn't mean I don't like Cat).
					
					
							Edited by The Black Wolf, 03 April 2012 - 07:05 PM.
513	VWF053	2012-04-03	I intepreted her desire to return to Winterfell as a sign of her devotion to her family, which the writers included to show that she desired in her heart to be at home and at peace with her family (which she did) but could not be due to the circumstances. As others have mentioned, the show doesn't have her narration to bring out her feelings or subtext, so they beat people over the head with it in dialogue. I do think that the writers have not been using many of the characters to their fullest potential, but that is to be expected from a program that tries to fit a long, complex novel into ten hours of television. They need longer seasons, or to split the books.
I agree that too many share the blame to lay the whole war, or any major event (like the Red Wedding) on one head. There are plenty of reasons to like and dislike Cat, as there are with every other character in the series, and so it seems unfair IMO to label so many of the Cat-haters misogynists.
514	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-03	Catelyn started the war because she arrested TyrionvsTywin started the war because he started a war.If Catelyn didn't do what she did Tywin wouldn't have retaliatedvsIf Tywin didn't do what he did he wouldn't have retaliatedSo much for personal responsibility!  But at least Tyrion thought that Cat was clever and agreed that Tywin would probably follow her, not attack the Riverlands.  I guess that just makes Tyrion a bad judge of character though.Man it's too bad that there was never a time at the end of the first book where the Starks could have chosen to put down their weapons and go home.  It's too bad that someone didn't sue for peace in that king in the north scene.  If only, if only ...I believe LauraD's observations are right: Robb in the show is older than Robb in the books, and that's why they have to change some things.I don't see that they have to, merely that they want to and that they did.  If Catelyn did not want to go home, if Catelyn thought of going to Renly instead of Robb, I doubt anyone would think Robb was acting younger than his age.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 03 April 2012 - 07:07 PM.
515	fauxkaren	2012-04-03	Back to the original topic of the thread, I wrote a post about how I believe the Robb and Catelyn storyline is being done a huge disservice by HBO. The following is an edited version of that post.
Really, I think HBO just does not understand the Robb and Cat storyline. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re playing Robb As Hero completely straight. I think part of that is a by-product of aging up the character. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s kind of hard to sell Richard Madden as a Boy King. So in the books when Robb pulls the Grey Wind stunt with Cleos Frey, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s immature posturing. But in the show when he does it with Jaime, I think weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re supposed to read it as him being bad ass which completely misses the point of his character (the point being a deconstruction of the idea of a boy king).
But the way Cat was handled was even worse. There were four big mistakes with the way Cat was written in the first episode of season 2.
1. In the books, it is Catelyn who suggests to Robb that they go to Renly and get the Baratheon brothers to work together to take down the Lannisters. I love that it is Catelyn who has the political mind to see this solution. The fact that in the show they gave that idea to Robb does away with the idea we see in the books that while Robb is a capable general on the battlefield, he needs help ruling. It also de-emphasizes Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perceptiveness and cleverness.
2. I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really like the fact that the only reason Cat gave for not sending Theon to Balon to treat was because Balon was untrustworthy. I mean, that is true, but in the books she relents and says that if Robb has to treat with Balon send someone else other than Theon. I think that in order for later events to be most impactful, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s important that she tell Robb specifically NOT to send Theon. Her opposition to sending Theon also shows her wisdom. Theon is a HOSTAGE. He is their leverage over Balon. WHY WOULD YOU GIVE UP YOUR LEVERAGE, ROBB? Robb was letting his emotions and his affection for Theon make his decisions for him. (Except of course CAT is the character who makes lots of bad and irrational decisions, amirite?)
3. I was annoyed that Cat didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get her line about girls not being worth it. Catelyn knows how the world works and she knows that in Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes his sisters arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth giving up his prize hostage of Jaime Lannister. I mean, I believe Robb loves his sisters, but he also doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want to risk angering his bannermen and they would be mad if he traded Jaime for Arya and Sansa. But with the line about girls not being worth it, it becomes explicit that Cat understands how the politics of it all is very gendered and how girls arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth much in this game of thrones. The idea of the sexism in Westerosi society is shown through other female characters, of cours. But in my opinion, it's important that that perspective come from Catelyn as well as figures like Arya. Unlike Arya, Catelyn DOES fit into the prescribed gender roles assigned to her. She is happy being a wife and mother and has traditionally feminine qualities. BUT that doesn't mean that she is blind to the unfair way that women are treated and valued in Westeros. She did get the general argument about Sansa and Arya being important to her, but I really just missed that line where she gets to explicitly call Westerosi society out on how little it values girls. Instead the scene read as Cat merely wanting her family back which is definitely true too, don't get me wrong. I just missed that extra shade of meaning that the line about girls not being worth it adds.
4. I was really angry at Cat's line about it being time for her to go home. I mean in the book she does want to see Bran and Rickon, but she knows that her duty right now is with Robb. So her wish to see Bran and Rickon in the books is more of a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish we were all safe in Winterfellâ<U+0080><U+009D> or a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish I could be in multiple places at onceâ<U+0080><U+009D> type thing. In the book she makes a conscious choice to be with Robb because she knows that he needs her more at that moment in time. But Robb is a typical teenager about it, eager to assert his independence from her, and he tries to send her away to various places. And I feel like by changing things to have Catelyn want to leave Robb and be with Bran and Rickon, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like the showrunners are validating all the haters who complain about what a terrible mother she is for abandoning Bran and Rickon. BECAUSE NO. THAT IS NOT TRUE.
516	The Black Wolf	2012-04-03	Because his mother told him it was a stupid idea? No one could have foreseen that Theon would attack Winterfell. But Cat's reasoning for not sending Theon to Balon is logical. Robb let his emotions and his affection for Theon get in the way of reason. Cat didn't want Robb to send Theon because Theon is their HOSTAGE. He was their leverage over Balon. Sending Theon to Balon removed any hold over Balon that they might have had. If Robb had sent another lord to treat with Balon and said, "join with us and I will make you king of the Iron Islands and also I won't kill your son", would he have worked with Robb? Probably not. But with the possibility of executing Theon still out there, would he have attacked the north? I am pretty sure he wouldn't.Of course Catelyn was right then, but my point is Robb trusted Theon (just like Cat trusted Littlefinger or her sister). Also, Robb probably never truly saw Theon as a hostage...Yes, Cat's anger should have been directed at Ned. Cat is not a perfect person. She is a fully realized human character. It is a lot easier to project feelings of anger and bitterness onto a person that you intentionally keep at arms length than to harbor those feelings towards a man you are married to, are growing to love, and who shares your bed every night. Is it rational? No. But it is human.I agree. I'm not saying Cat is a terrible person for doing what she does, I'm not saying I can't understand her actions... There's a whole prism of feelings between OMG!LOVE! and GO DIE IN A FIRE!, to me Cat isn't an extreme, but in the middle. Some things she does I agree with, others I don't...Anyway, I have a feeling this discussion is veering into what is strictly book-territory, so I'll just say that while I regret some changes made to Cat, I can understand why they did them and (as I said before) I think it has to do with the fact that people are older in the show.
517	Envie	2012-04-03	It's my belief they are portraying Catelyn the way they are in the series to give an opposing 'strong but fallible' Mother figure in the two main opposing factions.On one side you have Cersei, who also is being portrayed a little differently - with some strong qualities and some weaknesses, some points that make you pity her and others that make you despise her. This seems to be the theme they may be striving for with Catelyn on the 'honorable' side of the fence (which clearly isn't the best choice either).The reason I feel they're putting strong emphasis on the two strong willed Mothers of House Lannister and House Stark is from this:HBO Season 2 Full Length Special "You Win or You Die" If you watch the 22 minute long "You Win or You Die" full length special on the HBO site, you get a really clear idea of how the houses and characters within the houses are portrayed for the series. This may be very different from a book fan's opinion of the portrayals, but as Emilia Clarke says at one point in an interview:"Some people hold a grudge, some people don't - but the tension is always so high and you as the audience member can decide for yourselves who you think should or should not have the power"They stress several times (they being some of the actors and the producers) that the story is full of 'strong women' figures. This is why I believe Catelyn's character was changed to a more likeable personality for the series.
518	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-03	Of course they probably think this makes her more likable.  But that doesn't make it right. Martin showed us a mother who makes the tough choice of leaving her small children because she felt she could help her family best "on the job".  In the end, she gave the advice to not send Theon, and she gave the advice to trade Jaime.  Later, Robb admits he should have traded Jaime.While both Robb and Cat, and many others, make mistakes, it is only Cat who is told to go home, because she is only a mother and mothers belong with babies and nowhere else.This is a story about a working mother who faces sexism both by not being listened to when she is correct and by being penalized harsher than men when she makes a mistake.  Benioff and Weiss have taken all that commentary out.Don't forget that last season:- Catelyn was not allowed to have any ambition regarding Robert's offer- Catelyn did not get to comment on Robb's tactical choices as she did in the book- Catelyn did not even get to speak in the king in the north scene, as she certainly did in the book- Catelyn's lines about not celebrating victory too early were given to RobbNow as ennumerated by fauxkaren:- Catelyn doesn't get to have the the idea to see Renly and how it could lure Tywin away from Harrenhal; that's given to Robb- Catelyn has to want to go home to reassure people she's a good and loving mother- Catelyn does not get to point out that Robb would've traded Jaime for Ned but not two girls, who are not valuable enoughCatelyn has been made into a Hearth-and-home Only woman whose ideas are at least partly being given to Robb, and the entire gendered aspect of how she is sidelined because she is "a woman and worse a mother" is being undercut.  Playing it safe and erasing social commentary, what is to approve about what HBO's done?  I know why they did it, but I don't like it, and I'm going to let them know all season long.
519	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-04-03	People's reactions to Cat are natural occurrences from the way she is written.Don't focus on Rickon's wildness to make leaps in judgement about Cat as a character. Its better to see how she's caught in a Sophie's Choice between her children. If you're so eager to criticize Martin for emphasizing Rickon's neglect, I'd imagine I would have seen you post elsewhere about Martin's sexism...have you? If so, what are your feminist critiques of it? If not, maybe you're falling back on the "author's intent" to excuse your own dislike of a character for gendered reasons?Anyway, even if Martin wanted to convey that Cat was a bad mother, you don't have to agree with "Martin sexism" or "Westerosi sexism." In Book I, I was thinking, hey, Robb, this isn't the time to tell Cat she has other kids she has to look after. Cat can do her grieving at her son's bedside. Let her do what she needs to do to get past this trauma. Sounds like some people expect her to be a supermom, loving all of her children equally all of the time. Going to war to get your children back isn't enough for some people...sheesh. If my mom did that for me, I'd eventually come to understand what huge sacrifices she made for the family to reunite us all again. I can't begrudge that of any mother, even if she makes mistakes along the way. Everything she's doing in the South is out of love, a truly revolutionary attitude for Westeros.You don't have to justify as many actions for other characters as you do for Cat.Eh...I've counted many a justification for Tyrion's murderous behavior and his warped views toward female sexuality!
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 03 April 2012 - 07:55 PM.
520	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-04-03	On the changes in the show: I don't like Richard Madden's acting (what's with the scrunchy-mad face he uses all the time?) and don't understand why the writers are enamored with him, making Cat's story his story. But I can't get too worked up about changes in the show. I dunno...I'm just glad she's highlighted in the books. The show is a different universe for me.
521	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-03	I think its a bit soon to start saying they are messing up her character, we only saw her for a few minutes and its only natural she would want to return to Bran and Rickon since her husband has just died and her daughters are being held captive by the Lannisters. I also don't agree with you about how Robb should have traded Jaime for his sisters as Robb mentions in the show his bannerman would string him up, Robb made many mistakes but that wasn't one of them. I wasn't a massive fan with the way they portrayed her in this episode but hopefully once she goes off on her own to meet Renly her character will become great again.This. I'm not sure I like all the hysteria I'm seeing already after one freaking episode. It's disappointing seeing people cry fowl over certain things because of one scene in one episode. Give it the whole season or at least a couple more episodes before whining people.Back to the OP. I don't like Cat at all and I think the series is trying to make her more sympathetic to have more appeal to viewers. Not that that is a bad thing but keep in mind, this is just an adaptation and changes will and have been made for the TV audience.
522	always blue	2012-04-03	Honestly, I can see why they did it for the sake of the show.  With Ned gone, HBO assumes that viewers will need another hero to rally behind, and in this case, it's a young, attractive "king of the north".  It would be much more difficult (due to time restraints) to show Cat being a shrewd, politically-sound asset while still portraying Robb as the young hero.  They're setting his story up to be grander so that his death in season 3 will come as a massive blow to the audience.  
I'm not saying I love the idea of Cat playing on the sidelines this season, but I understand why the show is handling Robb and Cat the way they are.
523	kephv	2012-04-03	I think Cersei's change is much more drastic, but I really don't like any of the changes they've made to any of the characters. They seem to be trying to make everyone more likable by taking away some important character decision or changing part of their past (e.g. Cat's wanting Ned to go south with Robert, Cat not telling Jon it should've been him, Tyrion not taking part in Tysha's rape, Cersei not ordering the children killed, her reflecting on her sins, etc...). Joffery is obviously the exception. Of course, instead of Cersei ordering the children killed it's Joffery who did it -- which doesn't matter because everyone already hates him. For me, this only takes away from what the characters rather than make them better. and whose chest-thumping refusal to trade the Kingslayer for his sisters enabled the Red WeddingThe Red Wedding would've happened whether he traded Jaime or not.
524	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-03	Honestly, I can see why they did it for the sake of the show.  With Ned gone, HBO assumes that viewers will need another hero to rally behind, and in this case, it's a young, attractive "king of the north".  It would be much more difficult (due to time restraints) to show Cat being a shrewd, politically-sound asset while still portraying Robb as the young hero.  They're setting his story up to be grander so that his death in season 3 will come as a massive blow to the audience.  I'm not saying I love the idea of Cat playing on the sidelines this season, but I understand why the show is handling Robb and Cat the way they are.Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s death hits a lot harder in the book than Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s does.
525	Envie	2012-04-03	Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s death hits a lot harder in the book than Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s does.And that seems to be part of what's happening in the series. They've got a huge fan following for Robb now, both the actor and the character. I honestly didn't feel a lot of affinity with Robb of the books, but the Robb of the series is much more heroic and this is another huge contrast HBO wants to play up. Joffrey... the 'evil' son, and Robb ... the 'hero' son... both with Mothers willing to go to extreme measures to keep their sons in power. And both to fall... regardless of their good or bad intent. It makes a nice easy parallel that translates well to television.Lets face it, most avid book fans view the series as eye candy for the story, not really as a super detailed dive into nooks and crannies as the book already does that for our imaginations. The visual beauty, violence and sex of the HBO series is like artwork from a fan fiction perspective. Well done fan fiction, but still... just another medium.
526	fauxkaren	2012-04-03	This. I'm not sure I like all the hysteria I'm seeing already after one freaking episode. It's disappointing seeing people cry fowl over certain things because of one scene in one episode. Give it the whole season or at least a couple more episodes before whining people.Back to the OP. I don't like Cat at all and I think the series is trying to make her more sympathetic to have more appeal to viewers. Not that that is a bad thing but keep in mind, this is just an adaptation and changes will and have been made for the TV audience.It's not just one episode though. It started all the way back in the pilot. Cat is a really layered character and it's just frustrating to see her simplified like this in order to make her more 'likable' which is just... annoying. I don't think she needed to be made more likable. She's plenty likable in the books.
527	Bride of Winter	2012-04-03	I agree - and I say this as someone who likes Robb as much as Cat. 
It's not so much that Robb was a complete idiot, but he was definitely in over his head and Cat knew what she was doing but nobody listened to her. and in making Robb this hero, not only are you losing the tragic boy-king story of Robb but also the strong and intelligent Cat that we (or at least some of us) grew to love in the books. 
so the way the producers are handling Cat and Robb, both sides lose imo. or at least those of us who read the books and know what we're missing. the TV audience is probably eating this crap up.
528	turdle	2012-04-03	i just wanted to quick comment on the cat/jaime comparison.  i don't have particularly strong feelings one way or the other about cat.  i think her two "major sins" in the series, capturing tyrion and freeing jaime, were both completely understandable given the state of mind she's in during both confrontations. having said that, both these actions definitely have negative effects on other characters that many people prefer (ned and robb respectively).  obviously jaime has done some pretty bad things, trying to kill bran, attacking ned, etc.
but the reason a lot of people prefer jaime to cat has little to do with their deeds (or their sex), it is entirely based on their personalities.  jaime is a smart ass, and cat is a cold fish. it's really as simple as that. yes i prefer jaime to cat, but i also prefer asha greyjoy to aeron greyjoy.
529	fauxkaren	2012-04-03	i just wanted to quick comment on the cat/jaime comparison.  i don't have particularly strong feelings one way or the other about cat.  i think her two "major sins" in the series, capturing tyrion and freeing jaime, were both completely understandable given the state of mind she's in during both confrontations. having said that, both these actions definitely have negative effects on other characters that many people prefer (ned and robb respectively).  obviously jaime has done some pretty bad things, trying to kill bran, attacking ned, etc.but the reason a lot of people prefer jaime to cat has little to do with their deeds (or their sex), it is entirely based on their personalities.  jaime is a smart ass, and cat is a cold fish. it's really as simple as that. yes i prefer jaime to cat, but i also prefer asha greyjoy to aeron greyjoy.I love Jaime a lot too. He's one of my favorite characters. I don't have any problem with someone prefering Jaime to Cat because they find him to be a more engaging character. My only issue is when people criticize Catelyn for making rash decisions and cite that as a reason to dislike her as a character while at the same time loving characters who do the same or worse.Catelyn isn't a character that is goingn to appeal to everyone and that's fine, but you know, just say that don't connect with her narrative. Don't try to justify your dislike for her using double standards.
530	Envie	2012-04-03	Well I think the vast difference between Jaime and Catelyn makes it a little hard to justify an equal like or dislike. They are so totally different!
Jaime ends up being a favorite because of his change of heart and a sense of 'honor' he learns through Brienne. Catelyn's so polar opposite to that... and becomes a zombie, which for many people just kinda ruined it (did for me anyways). How can anyone compare the two characters?
531	Greatjon_umber	2012-04-03	What the writers seem to be doing with Catelyn is really upsetting me. In the original text, she was a pragmatic feudal lady with keen political insights, whose less competent teenaged son pushed her aside and wanted her to go away and leave him alone. A teenaged son who was portrayed as generally politically inept, and whose chest-thumping refusal to trade the Kingslayer for his sisters enabled the Red Wedding, a Lannister power grab through Sansa, and a Bolton power grab through a false Arya.The way that she has been adapted for the screen is, frankly, sexist. She was a politically smart and ambitious woman who was ignored for merely being a woman while a young teen ruined their House through misplaced trust and naivetA©. She is hated by fans for, well, being a politically smart and ambitious woman who interferes with the male â<U+0080><U+009C>heroesâ<U+0080><U+009D> and points out their poor decisions instead of going back to her babies where she belongs.So the way HBO decides to adapt her is to make Robb recite her lines from the book that show political insight, remove her from the table where the political decisions are being made, and validate all the misogyny being directed her way by having this adapted character say that her place is back with her babies (because, of course, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s where a good woman belongs and should want to be!).In the books, she was *right* in almost every call she made â<U+0080><U+0094> but her opinions are dismissed because she is a woman and Robb is 1) a rebellious teen; and, 2) has embraced some of the ingrained sexism of his society and doesn't want his bannermen to see him taking advice from Mom. The commentary here, which passes straight over the heads of a lot of fans, is really genius. If Robb *had* listened to mommy, House Stark would not have been demolished the way it was.And the writers chose to not only ignore that, but to diminish the female character so as to pump up the male â<U+0080><U+0094> in a way that completely validates the misogyny targeting the character (a good womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies and not involved in politics â<U+0080><U+0093> in fact, if sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s involved in politics at all, it should be reluctantly!) but that also misses the point of the entire arc. My honest-to-God reaction was, WTF are you doing HBO?Catelyn's plotline deals heavily with themes of sexism. After Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s execution, she was calling for peace while the men around her chose war (and devastated the North and the Riverlands). Robb wanted her to go back to Bran and Rickon but she wanted to stay with him, where the future of their family was being decided. It was her idea to visit Renly to attempt to make an alliance, not Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. She wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t entirely against sending an envoy to Balon, just not Theon. She wanted Ned to go south to become Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Hand.Now, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been downgraded. One assumes that the reasons for it are three-fold: 1) To pump up Robb and make him sexier to the audiences instead of portrying the tragic boy king in over his head that he actually was; 2) to make her more palatable to audiences (because a womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies, doncha know); and 3) to amend Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s characterization as she gets the storyline of a son who has slipped her control instead.Congratulations on either completely missing the entire point of a character arc and plotline or demonstrating a stupendous level of sexism, all while validating the misogyny that permeates this fandom.I said it to myself when I was reading ACOK and I'll say it again. Robb would have been better off without Catelyn standing over his shoulder. Would things have turned out better or worse, I'm not GRRM so I can't say. However Catelyn really never proves her worth as this shrewd diplomat a lot of people are trying to make her out to be. One person has said it over and over again "Shoulda woulda coulda but didn't." What ifs are useless. And no way a general, and the only heir to Casterly rock (as far as I know, pretty sure Tyrion wasn't going to inherit.), is a fair trade for two young girls with absolutely zero political or military prowess. I'm sorry, I'm a huge fan of the Stark family, and I'd have loved to see the two girls returned to Winterfell where they belong, but Robb was absolutely right. Two useless girls are not worth the exchange of a man who could potentially lead armies, and has proven himself one of the best swordsmen Westeros has to offer. Not to mention all the Northmen that died trying to claim him as a prisoner.	And the treating with Renly. How can you even try to justify it? It didn't work, Catelyn tried, and it just didn't work. Even if Renly had been murdered, his terms were clear, and although I saw his terms as fair, I don't believe the North would. And what's all this bull about the war being unwinnable. The war was winnable up until the Red Wedding. And I'll be glad to argue with whoever wants to prove me otherwise in a brand new post, since it'd be difficult to argue points not made yet. What else has Catelyn done, to prove her worth as an advisor to Robb? Not sending Theon? Sending Theon or not, Balon's intentions were the same. However, sending Theon made it possible for Winterfell to be taken. But at the same time, Theon was Robb's brother. Not in blood, nor in name, but they were raised together for what was it, 9 years? Robb was a young lad, inexperienced in pretty much everything he came across, and acted as best he could to make his father, and his family proud. And the Starks aren't doomed, Robb nor Catelyn doomed the Stark family. Two members of the Stark family died, just two. I don't consider Catelyn a real member, because she's a tully. Some Northern bannermen died as well, but only two full blooded Starks died. There's still plenty lurking around.	Really, I don't dislike Catelyn at all. I can understand her motives, and she's maybe not as politically inept as Eddard was, but none the less none of her choices would have spared the North, or her son. Please tell me one piece of advice she gave that could have saved her son? Or ended the war? Renly wasn't going to treat, atleast not with the terms Robb and the North were looking for. Stannis, even LESS likely to treat on those terms. The Lannisters? The family that killed their lord father and holds Robb's siblings ransom? Of course he can't make peace with them, not until his family was avenged and the Lannisters made to pay for their crimes. What really gets me though, is all this crying about sexism. Get off that, people can choose to like or dislike characters for whatever reason they want, rather it be because they don't like their appearance, their attitude, their deeds, or even the places they come from. You don't get to simply yell sexism because you're a woman and people don't like your favorite character. Get over it, Catelyn wasn't some savior that could have spared the North, or Robb. She was just another player in the Game of Thrones, and not a very good one at that.
					
					
							Edited by Greatjon_umber, 03 April 2012 - 09:44 PM.
532	turdle	2012-04-03	I love Jaime a lot too. He's one of my favorite characters. I don't have any problem with someone prefering Jaime to Cat because they find him to be a more engaging character. My only issue is when people criticize Catelyn for making rash decisions and cite that as a reason to dislike her as a character while at the same time loving characters who do the same or worse.Catelyn isn't a character that is goingn to appeal to everyone and that's fine, but you know, just say that don't connect with her narrative. Don't try to justify your dislike for her using double standards.sure, but i can understand that when you have a character who is cold, has no sense of humor, and can be condescending, that when that character makes decisions that bite other characters in the butt, it only amplifies any dislike you have for that character.  i doubt that those people who say they dislike cat would put her as one of they're favorite characters had she not done those things.but i guess, to me, it's kind of silly. those are two great scenes (cat/tyrion and cat/jaime).  i don't always agree with what cat or another character has done, but GRRM always (IMO) does a great job of making us understand why they would do what they do. what a boring fucking bunch of books these would be if these characters weren't put into the tense situtations they're put in, and make the bold decisions they do.
533	Alexia	2012-04-03	You don't get to simply yell sexism because you're a womanI wondered how long it would take someone to use my gender as a basis to attack my opinions. Congrats on being the first, dudebro.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Alexia, 03 April 2012 - 09:57 PM.
534	Greatjon_umber	2012-04-03	I wondered how long it would take someone to use my gender as a reason to attack my opinions. Congrats on being the first, dudebro.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I wondered how long it would take someone to use my gender as a reason to attack my opinions. Congrats on being the first, dudebro.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Well you seem to do it an awfully large amount, crying about men being sexist because we have our own opinions that might differ from yours. You get to call sexism, so do I.
535	Alexia	2012-04-03	Well you seem to do it an awfully large amount, crying about men being sexist because we have our own opinions that might differ from yours. You get to call sexism, so do I.You are adorable!  Oh, and about useless girls, dudebro..."I should have traded Sansa for the Kingslayer when you first urged it," Robb said as they walked the galley.  "If I'd offered to wed her to the Knight of Flowers, the Tyrells might have been ours instead of Joffrey's.  I should have thought of that."Also factcheck.  Jaime is not the heir to Casterly Rock.  He is in fact eligible to inherit. OTOH, Sansa was the heir to Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Alexia, 03 April 2012 - 10:22 PM.
536	Alexia	2012-04-03	Tywin's opinion on "useless" girls....Lord Tywin's look was scornful.  "Send her to Riverrun and her mother will match her with a Blackwood or a Mallister to shore up her son's alliances along the Trident.  Send her north, and she will be wed to some Manderly or Umber before the moon turns.  Yet she is no less dangerous here at court, as this business with the Tyrells should prove.  She must marry a Lannister, and soon."The man who weds Sansa Stark can can claim Winterfell in her name," his uncle Kevan put in.
537	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	While I disagree that they're politically useless, they aren't equal to Jaime. Regardless of how they portrayed her in the series, Catelyn was clearly acting as a mother and not a politician/general in both when suggesting the trade. This is also in no way sexist. If it was a trade of Bran and Rickon for Brienne it would also be ridiculous.
538	Alexia	2012-04-03	While I disagree that they're politically useless, they aren't equal to Jaime. Regardless of how they portrayed her in the series, Catelyn was clearly acting as a mother and not a politician/general in both when suggesting the trade. This is also in no way sexist.HBO-Joffrey agrees with you.If it was a trade of Bran and Rickon for Brienne it would also be ridiculous.You are right, it would be ridiculous to trade Bran or Rickon, who stand in line to inherit Winterfell, for a random woman-at-arms.  Their value eclipses hers, politically, just as Sansa's value eclipses Jaime's.  Jaime's only value was to get Sansa back (and prevent the Bolton grasp for Winterfell).  His capture certainly didn't stop the riverlands from burning, or help them with the war.If the message that you took from that plotline is that Robb is right in not trading the Kingslayer for Sansa, despite his later admission of error and Roose and Tywin's response, I don't know what to say.  I can tell you that Roose and Tywin go the last laugh on that though.
					
					
							Edited by Alexia, 03 April 2012 - 10:44 PM.
539	Queensmoot	2012-04-03	I actually gasped when Cat said she wanted go home to Winterfell. It was quite out of character and I hope D&D make it up to her in Renly's camp.
540	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	HBO-Joffrey agrees with you.Now, once Arya becomes a ninja and kills a man with a coin, I'd have suggested trading all the hostages for her. /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
541	Greatjon_umber	2012-04-03	You are adorable!  Oh, and about useless girls, dudebro..."I should have traded Sansa for the Kingslayer when you first urged it," Robb said as they walked the galley.  "If I'd offered to wed her to the Knight of Flowers, the Tyrells might have been ours instead of Joffrey's.  I should have thought of that."Also factcheck.  Jaime is not the heir to Casterly Rock.  He is in fact eligible to inherit. OTOH, Sansa was the heir to Winterfell.You are adorable!  Oh, and about useless girls, dudebro..."I should have traded Sansa for the Kingslayer when you first urged it," Robb said as they walked the galley.  "If I'd offered to wed her to the Knight of Flowers, the Tyrells might have been ours instead of Joffrey's.  I should have thought of that."Also factcheck.  Jaime is not the heir to Casterly Rock.  He is in fact eligible to inherit. OTOH, Sansa was the heir to Winterfell.Robb second guessing his original actions is normal, especially when the events turned out the way they did. But trading the Kingslayer for two useless girls would have been a worse mistake. Although the ends remained the same, the choice was still the right one. He may have lost the war earlier, actually on the field, as opposed to being backstabbed his own sworn men. Also, Jaime was heir, and Tywin could easily make him heir again, especially with the king being his grandson. Tywin always wanted Jaime to be heir. Tyrion's not next in life, Kevan would be. But none the less, Jaime is the only REAL son of Tywin, atleast in Tywin's eyes. To gain him back in exchange for two useless girls would have only benefited the Lannisters. Robb was a child, his decision perhaps didn't work out the way he had hoped, and of course doubts are a normal part of life, especially for a boy new to all this. None the less, his choices were just, and Catelyn's wouldn't have benefited the Starks in the slightest. None of her suggestions were half-way decent.
542	Greatjon_umber	2012-04-03	Robb second guessing his original actions is normal, especially when the events turned out the way they did. But trading the Kingslayer for two useless girls would have been a worse mistake. Although the ends remained the same, the choice was still the right one. He may have lost the war earlier, actually on the field, as opposed to being backstabbed his own sworn men. Also, Jaime was heir, and Tywin could easily make him heir again, especially with the king being his grandson. Tywin always wanted Jaime to be heir. Tyrion's not next in life, Kevan would be. But none the less, Jaime is the only REAL son of Tywin, atleast in Tywin's eyes. To gain him back in exchange for two useless girls would have only benefited the Lannisters. Robb was a child, his decision perhaps didn't work out the way he had hoped, and of course doubts are a normal part of life, especially for a boy new to all this. None the less, his choices were just, and Catelyn's wouldn't have benefited the Starks in the slightest. None of her suggestions were half-way decent.Robb second guessing his original actions is normal, especially when the events turned out the way they did. But trading the Kingslayer for two useless girls would have been a worse mistake. Although the ends remained the same, the choice was still the right one. He may have lost the war earlier, actually on the field, as opposed to being backstabbed his own sworn men. Also, Jaime was heir, and Tywin could easily make him heir again, especially with the king being his grandson. Tywin always wanted Jaime to be heir. Tyrion's not next in life, Kevan would be. But none the less, Jaime is the only REAL son of Tywin, atleast in Tywin's eyes. To gain him back in exchange for two useless girls would have only benefited the Lannisters. Robb was a child, his decision perhaps didn't work out the way he had hoped, and of course doubts are a normal part of life, especially for a boy new to all this. None the less, his choices were just, and Catelyn's wouldn't have benefited the Starks in the slightest. None of her suggestions were half-way decent.And in response to your "Tywin got the last laugh" Shenanigans. That's only because the character you're defending was guilty of releasing the Kingslayer for nothing. For promises from a man who broke his vows. Rather he actually intended to send the girls back or not, doesn't really matter because Catelyn, unlike us, is not able to hear a point of view character's thoughts. She literally stabbed her son in the back when she released the Kingslayer, and if she had gone back to Winterfell, that wouldn't have happened. The Red wedding may have occured, but how many other events were changed by her releasing the Kingslayer? Karstark being beheaded? His men abandoning Robb and heading home? All she did was screw Robb over, and force his hand.
					
					
							Edited by Greatjon_umber, 03 April 2012 - 10:51 PM.
543	Alexia	2012-04-03	None of her suggestions were half-way decent.Naturally, that is why HBO gave her suggestions to Robb, Maester Luwin, and other characters.  Because they weren't halfway decent.  And her place is at home with her babies.#whataboutcatAnd Robb was, naturally, correct to realize that girls are useless and incorrect to realize that they are valuable.  And my opinion is invalidated by my sex organs.  And you aren't sexist...
544	Morrigan	2012-04-03	I think the OP is exaggerating with the whole "women are only good at making babies" strawman, but she raises some good points, and boy, this thread is depressingly hypocritical...GRRM DOES show that she is politically shrewd and competent. She knows what the Freys want and thus is able to treat with them and make the deal that allows Robb to cross the Twins. She is the one who comes up with the idea to treat with Renly. Yes, this plan doesn't work out... AND IT ENDS IN RENLY'S DEATH. It was still a good plan, but Renly and Stannis did not listen to her reason. If Robb had listented to Catelyn and not sent Theon (WHO WAS THEIR HOSTAGE) to Pyke, it's possible that Winterfell would never have been sacked. Catelyn was wise to see that the Freys would not be happy at the Red Wedding which is why she advised Robb to eat right away in order to establish guest rite. How was she supposed to be able to see that Walder Frey would go against that sacred tradition and murder guests in his own home.Catelyn is mean to a fan favorite right off the bat, but Jaime also pushes a child out a tower window right of the bat and somehow readers are able to forgive him and Jaime is one of the most popular characters in the book. Please try to tell me that there is not some degree of sexism involved in that. Female characters are held to higher (and more unreasonable standards) than their male counterparts.Maester Lusin, a maester and a man who has known Bran and Rickon since BIRTH is at Winterfell with the boys. How is that not adequate childcare?? Rickon and Bran were miles and miles and miles away from the fighting. Robb was trying to stage a rebellion. I'm sorry if I just don't understand how it is not obvious to everyone that Robb is the one wh needs Cat most.Personally, I do not find Cat unlikable. She is my favorite character and I find her to be imminently likable and sympathetic with a compelling and unique story to boot. The reasons that many people come up with to hate her do have their root causes in sexism. They judge her based on her not being a good enough mother whereas you hardly see characters hated for being awful fathers (OF WHICH THERE ARE PLENTY IN THIS SERIES). Part of the reason people dislike her treatment of Jon is because she wasn't a mother to him even though she had NO social obligation to be a mother figure to him, but that expectation is put on her because she is a woman and amother. They ascribe her actions as irrational when she does act on emotions (like when she frees Jaime) and declare her to be stupid and a hysterical woman even though they are a lot of male characters who also act on their emotions (Robb marrying Jeyne, Tyrion killing Shae and Tywin, Jaime pushing Bran out a window).FUCK YES, everything about this post is 100% true. Thank you.[edit] Catelyn is also not as good as you make her out. I am not a Cat-hater like most everybody else here, but she was downright cruel to Jon and later becomes obsessed with vengeance at the expense of her humanity."Downright cruel"? For fuck's sake, are Jon fanbois such pansies? She was mostly cold and distant his entire life, which was pretty much expected, and then she said ONE mean thing to him during a moment of sheer grief. Jon got over it pretty quickly, why can't you idiots do the same? Gah, sorry but this whole "Catelyn is soooo cruel" BS is pissing me off. Joffrey, the Boltons, Tywin, the Cleganes, Cersei,It was a good idea to try and treat with Renly, but she doesn't know how to do it.And what, pray tell, would you have done differently?, advised Ned to trust Littlefinger[...]How was Robb supposed to know that his childhood friend, who must have been nearly as dear as a brother to him, would betray him so terribly and "kill" his brothers?HAHAHAHA there we have it folks, the blatant double-standard, just a few lines apart. Awesome. But trading the Kingslayer for two useless girls would have been a worse mistake. It was already established that they are not useless. Politically, Sansa is worth more than Jaime. Even Tywin knew that.And in response to your "Tywin got the last laugh" Shenanigans. That's only because the character you're defending was guilty of releasing the Kingslayer for nothing.How so? She didn't release him for nothing.The Red wedding may have occured, but how many other events were changed by her releasing the Kingslayer? Karstark being beheaded? His men abandoning Robb and heading home? All she did was screw Robb over, and force his hand.Er, what? You're really blaming the Karkstark's treasonous folly, and Robb's heavy-handed justice of it, on Catelyn? Haha, this thread is awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 04 April 2012 - 12:08 AM.
545	BondJamesBond	2012-04-04	In the books, both Robb and Cat make mistakes.
Cat mistakenly frees Jamie which is disastrous for Robb's position.
Robb marries Jayne westerling setting up the red wedding.
Both do things that are good.
Cat warns Robb about the greyjoys and the frey but he does not listen.
Robb wins every battle he fights.
Cat is seen as a good wife to Ned.
Robb is seen as an honorable man.
They are like most characters in the books, some great traits, major victories, but tempered with faults and flaws.
					
					
							Edited by BondJamesBond, 04 April 2012 - 12:12 AM.
546	salt	2012-04-04	Cat's seizing of Tyrion was one of the single dumbest, rash, and poorly thought out actions taken by any character in the books, and directly lead to the slaughter of scores of innocents.  Releasing Jaime enabled the Red Wedding, the betrayal of the Boltons, and made Sansa's life practically worthless outside of her claim- had it ever been discovered that Bran and or Rickon was alive, Sansa's life would have been thrown away.
Now, I don't dislike Cat nearly as much as some people do around the internet, but I've never seen the character that Alexia described in the original post.  Cat was certainly an expert in the politics of Westerosi nobility, and the scene where she first meets Jeyne and is analyzing the size and shape of her hips, sizing up her asset as the future mother of heirs for the North showed her pragmatism.  But the fact remains that she made some truly terrible decisions- if anything, I thought season 1 made her more sympathetic to the viewers.  Her opposition to sending Theon as an envoy remained, and I'm sure her objection to Robb ignoring Grey Wind's instincts will also remain.  I think the original post was a massive overreaction and felt like a shoddy attempt stemming from some sort of oppressed victim-identity trying to label the show sexist.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 04 April 2012 - 12:57 AM.
547	Lord Belmore	2012-04-04	I partially agree with you and partially disagree with you.Book Catelyn was one of my favorite characters in the series ("was" because, whatever one thinks of Lady Stoneheart, she's not nearly the same character as Catelyn when she lived), and I think the show has done her a disservice . Do I think it's sexism? I'm not sure. They diminished Littlefinger this episode for Cersei's benefit. I'm not ready to call sexism in this circumstance, as there remain some very reasonable alternative explanations for each move. I will say that, in the absence of Catelyn, the story lacks a really admirable female lead. Daenerys has annoyed me as an angry, unbelievable trope, and while I like Cersei because I have a "cheer for the villain" tendency, I'll never make the argument that she's particularly admirable. Tragic, perhaps, but she hasn't dealt with her tragedies nearly so admirably as Catelyn has.However, I think you're painting an extreme, partial painting of the characters to try and make your point.Robb wasn't a hack child in over his head, like Joffrey was. We have to remember he was a 15-year old in the books. He had listened to his mother a few prudent times, Catelyn herself noted happiness at his learning and development at times, and he fared better than one may have expected of him for quite awhile. He was making the powerful and capable Tywin look the fool prior to the Greyjoy, Bolton, and Frey debacles, strategically and militarily. But indeed, for all of his good qualities, you righly mention some flaws. Some combination of his age and his heart brought about his failing. He was too trusting of some wrong people, and he made a bull-headed move with Jeyne Westerling. I wouldn't say he was simply in over his head, though, or white-wash his redeeming qualities--of which there were many. Like Ned, and as I'll soon say, like Catelyn, he was a good (and in his case, more surprisingly good given the age), capable individual with a tragic flaw or two which so happened, in his unfortunate circumstances, to destroy him.Book Catelyn, to me, was very much as you describe her. She gave some very sound advice. She balanced these with what were unequal familial duties for a Westerosi woman. But I don't think she was meant to be perfection weighed down by a brutish warhawk of a son. Like Robb, she made her 'trust mistake,' but hers was with Littlefinger and resulted in a fiasco with Tyrion. And while I even agree with you that her advice to trade Jaime for Sansa/Arya was good, doing so as she did was an incredible risk motivated out of what was, in her unfortunate circumstances, a tragic flaw in concern for her family. Like Robb, she made her mistakes. In the end, it results in a very strong, understandable character operating in a world made for the plotting of the Lannisters rather than the heart of the Starks.Robb and Catelyn were two sides of the same coin more so than I've seen anyone willing to admit. I thought they were both likable, capable characters with good qualities which in their circumstances and in a cruel world resulted instead in tragedy, and for my part, of the two I did prefer Catelyn. Catelyn has my vote for the single most realistically strong character in the series, along with all of the nuance such a realistic character in such an extreme world entails. While the HBO series is somewhat disappointing me in their portrayal of Catelyn, Michelle Fairley is still doing a wonderful enough job that I still really enjoy her--even in this somewhat neutered, so to speak, form. Due to the difficulty of an adapation, I'm unconvinced as yet to assert utter sexism for the change (for similar things like the Littlefinger-Cersei parallel mentioned above), though I do see some sliver of it in that Catelyn retained all of her emotional and motherly power while losing some of her more intellectual qualities; however, Robb has been portrayed very similarly and emotionally, so I'm unwilling to make too much of that. It's also a little quick to judge, in my book. Her advice against sending Theon remained, her treatment with the Freys remained, Renly is yet to come. She hasn't lost out on too much (and everyone loses something of their character simply due to the difference in mediums of storytelling), to this point, and I think one has to give Robb a very unfair analysis to make the opposite argument.I don't like the change any more than I do the change to Littlefinger in the episode (Catelyn and Littlefinger probably being my favorite characters in the series), but I can in both cases understand them. Right now, I think too harsh of a condemnation of the (still rather minor) changes is reactionary and misrepresenting parts of the novel, and it's misrepresenting the intentions of the adapters.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Belmore, 04 April 2012 - 01:09 AM.
548	Vikingkingq	2012-04-04	While I agree with the OP's argument that Catelyn's political acumen has been diminished in this scene, I do think that pumping up Robb is necessary.In the books, Robb is much less mature and frankly...a little dim. This is ok in the book, because we're seeing everything through Catelyn's eyes. But in the show, we're not. We have to care when the Scarlet Reception happens, and we're not going to be inside Catelyn's head when it happens. We have to care about Robb Stark, we have to root for him to win - we have to invest the same feelings we had towards Eddard Stark, so that when the Scarlet Reception happens, it hits just like the Sept of Baelor scene in Episode 9.So I like the change to Robb. It really annoyed me on re-reading Game of Thrones how often Robb Stark waves around his sword while everyone looks at him like he's a moron, how he needs to be walked through what happened with the attempted assassination, how he sits wringing his hands and needs his mommy to work him through the strategy of his first battle. In the show, he's 3 years older - if he acts the same way as a 17 year old that his 14-year old equivalent did, no one would sympathize with him at all. The character changed - he's more sure of himself when he's dealing with Greatjon Umber, he has a battleplan ready, and he knows something about politics.At the same time, it pisses me off that they've given Catelyn the short-shrift, which they did since the pilot, when they completely reversed her position on Ned taking the Hand. (Although I think they did recover in her tent scenes with Robb in Episodes 9+10 when she was advising Robb without rolling over him)I do think it was possible for them to have made more of a balance - give Catelyn some of the points while still giving Robb credit for a political strategy, you could have Robb tell her "I need you to go to Renly," and she could rejoin "I'm supposed to bring back his 100,000 swords, am I?" and Robb responds "between the two of us, I think we can force a peace," it's more of a conversation of equals. I do have more hope for when she's off on her own negotiating with Renly in what I think is going to be episodes 3+4.
549	imrastro	2012-04-04	I'm also finding this thread depressing as i do all the Cat threads. Some reasders like Greatjon_Umber twist the text and their logic to diminish and simplify an extremely complex and nuanced character. Don't sweat it Alexia. You've read to greater depth but you'll never convince people incapable of changing their emotional reaction and bias even in the facr of the author's text.
550	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-04	While I agree with you, they are making Catelyn's character worse in favor of Robb, and also to the detriments of some of the themes of the story, I just really like TV show Robb and he was one of the characters in the book that I also would have liked if I had to know him more in the books. I understand where you are coming from but I am enjoying immensely the Robb scenes and the rebel somewhat smarter Robb. Also when they change the story a little while the story they change remains good, I don't mind as it seems somewhat fresh. I can mind it if I think the result is quite worse story than a far closer adaptation.
So I think the result of these changes is still good television and it is something different. I still have the books for the superior Catelyn characterization so I don't mind it if the TV show makes Robb better, smarter at her expense. Of course I understand not everyone will agree and that is understandable for several people to be against these changes as I do think that book Catelyn is a better character.  (And some might also not like the change of Robb's character while I enjoy them). Note that tv show Catelyn character is not a bad character even with the changes.
Also book Catelyn is right to not be at Winterfell and be at Robb's side. She pretty much shows to be a rather intelligent in politics and intelligent in general. The sexism themes are also important in her story as a woman who wants correctly peace at important points, gives valid advice is not listened to, wants to trade her daughters for Jaime and says how girls are not important in Westeros society. She is sort of a Casandra figure though she is also  does make mistakes as well and like most GRRM characters she has her flaws and is not perfect. Her treatment of Jon Snow for example. As for how GRRM has written her, he has written her to be a sympathetic and tragic figure with a flaw that readers will probably not like but forgive, considering how most other characters have much more important flaws. And then as Uncat she is an antagonistic and tragic figure.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 04 April 2012 - 01:42 AM.
551	Envie	2012-04-04	I wondered how long it would take someone to use my gender as a basis to attack my opinions. Congrats on being the first, dudebro.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Sorry to derail the original topic but since the OP keeps bringing sexism back into the topic, I guess it's ok for me to pick some nits on this as it is one of my pet peeves."Male" and "female" are sex categories, while "masculine" and "feminine" are gender categories.So unless you meant to refer only to your gender (which is ok if you're not sure, it is the internet afterall) then you should refer to your sex when you start calling  someone for perceived sexism because you are female in real life - it doesn't help your position.And yes I'm female in real life as well. I generally dislike defensive feminist arguments especially in reference to opinions about fiction such as this since there's zero way to validate your argument based on your own personal feminism vs. the author's intent and the culture of a fantasy based society. Unfortunately that's the tone of the books and the show follows suit.It would be better to leave off the continued defensive remarks towards the other poster even though he claimed you were crying sexist because you're a woman - which he wouldn't know unless he lives with you and knows you intimately. Irksome I know, but that sort of stance never wins over an argument on a forum IMO. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But to try lamely to put the topic back on its tracks, I don't think its a sexist issue at all and the show has made many of the female characters even stronger (and thus more likable and someone female viewers can identify with). Catelyn hasn't been stripped of anything crucial by changing her character personality a bit.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 04 April 2012 - 01:31 AM.
552	Nymeria Star-Eyes	2012-04-04	For me the issue here isn't book integrity or the cost-benefit analysis of every single one of Cat's decisions and opinions. It's about one of the major themes of all the asoiaf books, perhaps THE major theme: peace is always better than war.GRRM was a conscientious objector during the Vietnam war. In asoiaf, none of the wars are righteous, and both sides always lose. In the war of five kings, robert's rebellion, even the blackfyre rebellion and dany's conquests in the east, no character is portrayed on the good side, and no one is on the bad side (I include Dany, because, though GRRM is clear that liberating the slaves is a good thing, her actions have horrific repercussions all the same). The point that GRRM makes, over and over again, is that all wars are terrible and they should be avoided at all costs. The small folk suffer, the kings suffer, their mother and fathers suffer, their siblings suffer. War is not glorious knights fighting in shining armor as Bran and Sansa and Arya and Brienne and Renly etc etc want to believe. War is bodies rotting on the side of the road, women raped, children cut open, corpses hanging from trees. GRRM is extremely explicit in his descriptions of the horrors of war. GRRM, in no way, portrays Robb as a glorified king going to avenge his father because that is the righteous thing to do, just as he doesn't portray Joffrey defending his throne as the glorified, righteous king.So where does Cat come into this? Robb sees himself as the righteous hero, and Cat is THE ONLY PERSON to tell him that war isn't like that. Cat questions how eager he is to jump to violence when she shows him the dagger in the godswood. She questions his decision to go to war, urging peace after he is declared king in the north. When Edmure asks her about revenge she says that it will not bring Ned back to her, because it's true. The war will not bring anyone back to life. It only brings more death.So when Cat hugs Robb and says "we will kill them all" I'm upset. Yeah, the line sounds awesome, it makes us want to root for them, but THAT IS EXACTLY THE REASON GRRM PORTRAYS WAR AS HE DOES. He wants us to take a step back and say, "wait, why does that sound awesome? they're talking about killing people." Just as GRRM makes the reader question stereotypes about "true knights" with Sansa's arc, he makes the reader question stereotypes about the value of violence win Robb's arc. Robb's story is about peace. Because it's not Robb's story: it's Catelyn's.When HBO takes the character of Robb, whose theme is an example of how revenge is always wrong even if the intentions are good, and turns him into some glorified, honorable, sympathetic character, I look at the screen and say WHAT ARE YOU DOING?Because we're not supposed to sympathize with Robb. GRRM doesn't want us to sympathize with characters that encourage violence. That's why Catelyn's POV is Catelyn's. GRRM is forcing the reader to question our eagerness to go to war and kill our enemies, because it's never the best solution. Cat suggests diplomacy. Cat suggests peace. Cat denies revenge because she understands that, in the end, it's worthless. And no one listens to her. Just like HBO isn't listening to her. That's why Robb's arc is tragic. The Red Wedding IS TRAGIC already. We don't have to change the fundamental message of the story to manipulate the viewer's feelings.I don't care about this because "oh no it's not exactly like the books the sky is falling". I care about this because fictional narratives matter. The way we present them in our media matters. The values that our shows and books encourage MATTERS. We absorb the ideals that entertainment gives us. We have violence in our own world: children are murdered, women are raped, families suffer, war happens over and over again. Should we glorify these horrors too? I'm definitely not saying that anyone here is a killer or a rapist or anything of the sort, but if your first reaction to a line like "we will kill them all" is "THAT'S AWESOME!" maybe you should take a minure to ask yourself why you have that reaction? I mean, if we never decide that violence is the worst option, as a society, it's gonna keep being the go to option. Of course, one tv show or one book series isn't going to change our culture. But if one EXTREMELY POPULAR franchise decides to say, "no, we're gonna show war in a different way. an accurate way," and it works (like it worked in the books), it's a step in the right direction. Baby steps, guys.GRRM was opposed to war in the real world, just as he's opposed to war in fiction. When HBO changes the narrative to make Robb the Good Guy â<U+0084>c and his war The Good Fight â<U+0084>c they're being unfaithful to the underlying point of GRRM's story. When you title an episode as The North Remembers (a phrase that doesn't even become relevant for about two books) you're taking the theme of vengeance, applying it to a situation where it really shouldn't be applied, and saying "come on guys root for these characters because they're gonna go kill the Bad Guys Â<U+0099>!" Remember when Ned died? Yeah that JUST HAPPENED. They're trying really hard this season to be show the antagonists as morally grey rather than EVIL (which I really appreciate and am really happy with), but it just might be more effective if you didn't have to put The Lannisters, Baby Killers and WHORES!! up against: The Starks, Paragons of Honor and Justice Here To Save The Day.Maybe as the season progresses we will see Cat acting more like Cat, and Robb as less of a glorified king, but, based on the 11 episodes we've already seen, I'm not sure that's the direction this is going.
					
					
							Edited by Nymeria Star-Eyes, 04 April 2012 - 01:52 AM.
553	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-04	Good post Nymeria Star-Eyes. Yeah the TV show doesn't correctly portray some rather important themes of the books. It is still ASOIAF but a little dumber and simpler and less complex I guess. I still enjoy it though.When HBO takes the character of Robb, whose theme is an example of how revenge is always wrong even if the intentions are good, and turns him into some glorified, honorable, sympathetic character, I look at the screen and say WHAT ARE YOU DOING?Because we're not supposed to sympathize with Robb. GRRM doesn't want us to sympathize with characters that encourage violenceI think you are half-right. I think GRRM wants us to both sympathize with Robb who is also sort of honorable, sympathetic character and also think how he is possibly wrong, how revenge (or a fight for a north kingdom be pointless and not a sufficiently good reason for them to send people to die) might not be good, basically what you say. (This theme of how to those killed the causes of the ones sending them to die is irrelevant is also sort of repeated and empathized in Meribald's excellent speech towards Brienne) My point is that GRRM intends for readers to have two contradicting and opposite reactions. On one hand sympathize with him, on the other question his actions. So I agree with your post but there is also a sort of tragedy with Robb's story because the audience also sort of empathizes and sympathizes with him and his loss and even some of his reasons for war. So GRRM wants to show us that even good sympathetic characters when they control an army can cause tragedy and send people to die. And GRRM also tries to make us question the  audience possible support to Robb's war. I think encouraging contradicting and opposite reactions is actually good writing as it encourages debate and for a reader to think about these issues and their own opinions.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 04 April 2012 - 02:06 AM.
554	fauxkaren	2012-04-04	Nymeria Star-Eyes, THAT IS AN EXCELLENT POST AND YOU SHOULD FEEL GOOD.One of the reason that part of the story is told by CAT and not Robb is that she has already lived through a war. She knows what war is and she knows the cost of it. She knows the futility and pointlessness of it. Without her perspective the story becomes an entire different thing. If the story had been told from Robb's POV, we would have seen war through the eyes of a 15 year old boy who really knows nothing of the harsh realities of it. The war would have been more glorified and the focus would probably have been on justice of his cause.By changing Catelyn, HBO is erasing that integral part of the story.
555	Morrigan	2012-04-04	Cat's seizing of Tyrion was one of the single dumbest, rash, and poorly thought out actions taken by any character in the books, and directly lead to the slaughter of scores of innocents. In hindsight and with a god-POV, yes. At the time, based on her knowledge, it was actually smart and sensible.Releasing Jaime enabled the Red Wedding, the betrayal of the BoltonsROFL. No. Just.... no. It had zero impact on that whatsoever. Seriously. Blaming the Karstark treason on her is bad enough, but the Red Wedding? All I can say to that is, "trolololol"., and made Sansa's life practically worthless outside of her claim- had it ever been discovered that Bran and or Rickon was alive, Sansa's life would have been thrown away.And she was supposed to magically divine that Bran and Rickon were still alive because...? Oh right, another case of holding a character to unreasonable standards. Way to go.
556	mareeana	2012-04-04	Yeah, I just need to add my voice to this topic. I completely agree with the OP and the problem here, as has already been said, is two-fold. Firstly, they're stripping away most of Catelyn's characters traits (and this is based on 11 episodes, not 10 minutes,) presumably, as people are saying, to make her more likable and that's bs and it's giving in to every criticism this fandom has ever made of her character (criticisms deeply rooted in sexism btw!). And that's problematic in itself, not just because she's my favorite and I'd like to see them getting her right in the adaptation, but also because of the already mentioned sexist nature of those criticisms. The show is telling everyone who has always hated Cat for these reasons 'Yes, you were right. Let's change everything to appease all the stupid things you've ever said because you didn't actually bother to read.'Secondly, it's missing the whole point, as Nymeria Star-Eyes said. GRRM didn't accidentally make Catelyn the POV character for Robb's story, he wanted it told through her eyes. Robb's arc is one of a boy in over his head, Catelyn's is one of a politically savvy adviser who has good ideas and who is sidelined because of her gender and because she's the king's mother and who ends up being right in the end, though it doesn't do her any good at all. The fact that HBO is dumbing this down because it thinks its audience can't handle anything more complex than your usual Tragic Boy Hero story, though they might be right, is not to be celebrated, to be honest. If that's the story they wanted to tell, they should be adapting different books.
557	Thunderfist	2012-04-04	About the Red Wedding. Would Tywin Lannister have given Walder Frey and Roose Bolton the green light for that project if Jaime Lannister had remained a captive at Riverrun? The Blackfish held Riverrun and I doubt that he would have had any problems with killing Jaime as payment for the Red Wedding
558	Forgiven	2012-04-04	One should remember that in the books she wanted to stay, to stay with her father (not really with Robb), in show, we haven't found a father weakened by sickness, so she doesn't have him to stay with, so why not return to her kids?...
And as for the show, Robb is older, you can't really have him acting as 15(?) year old boy all the time...
559	Nymeria Star-Eyes	2012-04-04	Good post Nymeria Star-Eyes. Yeah the TV show doesn't correctly portray some rather important themes of the books. It is still ASOIAF but a little dumber and simpler and less complex I guess. I still enjoy it though.I think you are half-right. I think GRRM wants us to both sympathize with Robb who is also sort of honorable, sympathetic character and also think how he is possibly wrong, how revenge (or a fight for a north kingdom be pointless and not a sufficiently good reason for them to send people to die) might not be good, basically what you say. (This theme of how to those killed the causes of the ones sending them to die is irrelevant is also sort of repeated and empathized in Meribald's excellent speech towards Brienne) My point is that GRRM intends for readers to have two contradicting and opposite reactions. On one hand sympathize with him, on the other question his actions. So I agree with your post but there is also a sort of tragedy with Robb's story because the audience also sort of empathizes and sympathizes with him and his loss and even some of his reasons for war. So GRRM wants to show us that even good sympathetic characters when they control an army can cause tragedy and send people to die. And GRRM also tries to make us question the  audience possible support to Robb's war. I think encouraging contradicting and opposite reactions is actually good writing as it encourages debate and for a reader to think about these issues and their own opinions.I totally get what you're saying. I agree that a complex reaction to Robb is important, that's just not what I'm seeing reflected in the show. I guess maybe the definition of sympathize is getting a little muddled here? I think the distinction is between actively rooting for a character and caring about them in a sort of pitying way. Again, maybe pity isn't the right word. It's the difference between trying to get the audience to cheer on character's actions, and getting the audience to look at a character and say "nooooo don't make those choices, I care about you, you don't have to do that," (which is what Cat says in her internal monologue, over and over). That's why we already have tragedy in Robb's story, like you said, and why there's no need to change his character to make him somehow more "relatable".When I read the books I cared about Robb, but I was also constantly questioning his choices. He has good intentions, but no idea how to make those result in positive actions. That's the duality you mentioned, and you're exactly right in the way that this makes the writing better. However, when B&W take away Robb's immaturity and make him come up with all the best political strategies on his own, that's depriving the viewer of the opportunity to relate to the character in a complicated way, and really think about the repercussions of his choices. Without Cat acting as a foil for Robb, this complexity suddenly disappears.And as for the show, Robb is older, you can't really have him acting as 15(?) year old boy all the time...I saw the age issues reflected in the scene with Jaime, because it made Robb look powerful and in command, rather than an immature posturing boy, but even this change shouldn't have to have an effect on Cat. Even if Robb can go around using Grey Wind as an effective intimidation tool, that doesn't mean he's suddenly also better at politics. Grey Wind plays into his strength on the battlefield, which is canonical. If he's 15 or 17 or 20, he should still be a bad politician, and he still lets his feelings for Theon get in the way of logic. Robb's age shouldn't have an a effect on Cat's character. Cat's a better politician than the grown men in Robb's army, too.I don't see how switching the line "You should go treat with Renly" to "I should go treat with Renly" poses a threat to Robb's characterization. Or adding in the sentence "if you have to treat with Balon, don't send Theon, he's your leverage." In fact, if Cat had kept her original lines, it would have made both of them more complex and interesting characters (and it wouldn't have added any time to the script, if that's what people are worried about).And if he's 15 or 17 or 20, it doesn't make his war any more moral, either.
					
					
							Edited by Nymeria Star-Eyes, 04 April 2012 - 05:09 AM.
560	salt	2012-04-04	Morrigan- I love Cat as a character, and think she was generally a good and pragmatic person who tried her best the balance her roles as a mother and a powerful noblewoman.  But are you really going to tell me she didn't make some spectacularly poor decisions?In hindsight and with a god-POV, yes. At the time, based on her knowledge, it was actually smart and sensible."Smart and sensible"?  Cat knew enough about Westeros and the Lannisters to know that seizing Tywin's son at sword point was tantamount to a declaration of war- and she did this based on hearsay from the least trustworthy man in all of Westeros.  If you wanted to make an argument that, considering the fact that her son had almost been murdered, this was an understandable move in such an emotional state I would listen to your points, but smart and sensible?ROFL. No. Just.... no. It had zero impact on that whatsoever. Seriously. Blaming the Karstark treason on her is bad enough, but the Red Wedding? All I can say to that is, "trolololol".I don't think you've fully thought this through.  The Red Wedding was as much Tywin's doing as it was Walder's, if not more.  Walder was a dick, but not a stupid dick.  He would not have simply killed his king and left himself shit out of luck stuck between the Riverlords and the North: in addition to getting revenge, the RW put him back in the good graces of Tywin and sealed the deal that basically gave the Freys and the Boltons the Riverlands and the North.  The Red Wedding could never had happened if Jaime was still in a cell in Rivverrun, not in a million years.  It would have meant the instant death of Tywin's son.  Cat didn't cause the Frey and Bolton betrayals, but giving up the Stark's most powerful bargaining chip removed the one thing inhibiting the full wrath of Tywin Lannister, which included welcoming the Freys and Boltons into his arms.And she was supposed to magically divine that Bran and Rickon were still alive because...? Oh right, another case of holding a character to unreasonable standards. Way to go.No, of course not.  The point is that giving up Tywin Lannister's son for a vague promise from a man thousands of miles of dangerous roads away who she had once helped put into sky cells and who wasn't even the true Hand was an incredibly near-sighted and foolish move.  The jeopardy into which this plunged the lives of her daughters was just one aspect of this.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 04 April 2012 - 04:59 AM.
561	Thaune	2012-04-04	I don't mind the changes at all.
Robb was portrayed through Cat's eyes in the books, and in my mind, despite some obvious boyish brashness and flaws, he was his father's son.
A military genius, a born leader and a young man who was on the road to greatness.
On the other hand, I found Cat selfish and just as brash -  her cruelty to Jon, her taking Tyrion basically led to Ned's demise, letting Jaime go which basically made the RW possible -> by all accounts Tywin would never had let that happen if it meant Jaime's death, etc. - and she doesn't have the excuse of being very young.
...
Basically, I'm sure the changes in the series will bother Cat-fanboys/girl, but not anyone else. Fortunately, those aren't many.
Robb, for all his youth and flaws, is a hugely popular character and him not being seen through his mother's eyes but through the viewers might just inadvertently enhance his "hero" role.
					
					
							Edited by Thaune, 04 April 2012 - 05:16 AM.
562	David Selig	2012-04-04	The Red Wedding could never had happened if Jaime was still in a cell in Rivverrun, not in a million years.  It would have meant the instant death of Tywin's son.  Cat didn't cause the Frey and Bolton betrayals, but giving up the Stark's most powerful bargaining chip removed the one thing inhibiting the full wrath of Tywin Lannister, which included welcoming the Freys and Boltons into his arms.Except that the timeline doesn't add up and Tywin started planning the Red Wedding before he knew Jaime was released. And having jaime as hostage didn't inhibit Tywin's wrath at all, since his men kept slaughtering people en masse in Riverlands, including nobles who could seek retribution on Jaime. Besides, I don't understand the argument that the Red Wedding would've meant the instant death of Jaime. Why would the Blackfish doom his closest relatives just to get a bit a vengeance on a guy who was at a cell and had nothing to do with the RW? He's too smart and rational for that. Anyway, back to the original topic. Come to think of it, it's hard to blame the showrunners much for the changes. Even the most cursory examination of the way Catelyn is seen by the fandom would've revealed how much she's hated, and not in the "I love to hate him/her" way which still makes a character valuable for the popularity of a show/book, but more in the "She annoys me an awful lot, I can't stand reading about her", which is a big problem when it is about a major character. After all there are millions at stake here and they chose to remove many of the key things which the hatedom objects to, which had the unfortunate side effect of making Cat a lot more simple character.
563	Vikingkingq	2012-04-04	I find myself coming down somewhere between these two positions, and personally I think Robb and Catelyn are actually fairly evenly balanced: to me, Catelyn's decision to let Jaime go parallels Robb's decision to let Theon go (with a slight tinge of him marrying Jayne Westerling), whereas her seizure of Tyrion mirrors his decision not to tell Edmure about his plans to lure Tywin in between their two armies. 
In the first case, both of them let go a valuable hostage without any way to follow through that their exchange would work. Yes, Sansa was valuable as a marriage piece, but Catelyn didn't get anyone else to sign off on her plan (which lead to Robb losing the Karstarks) and she had no guarantees that the Lannisters would honor their side of the agreement once Jaime was free. Similarly, Robb's plan had merit, but he put the cart before the horse in giving up the hostage before the agreement was reached.
In the second, both of them made a strategic gamble which had merit and some success, but their failure to communicate with their allies meant that they couldn't have followed through with their plan. I'm spoiling some stuff I was going to argue in my blog, but Catelyn's mistake wasn't in seizing Tyrion (after all, she had every reason to believe that he was involved in a conspiracy against her son's life) but in how she surrendered control of him to her crazy sister and didn't really communicate with either Riverrun or King's Landing about ways to make use of her captive (like Ned issuing a warrant for Tyrion's arrest, which would have made Tywin's actions in the Riverlands open treason). Likewise, Robb's plan to trap and destroy Tywin between two armies was sound, but his failure to let Edmure know what he was doing meant that the plan only half-succeeded. Now, I'll argue on my blog that he still would have been in a favorable position overall had he either listened to his mother about Theon or if she hadn't let Jaime go, but I think portraying Robb as a well-meaning incompetant misses the larger picture.
Regarding GRRM's themes - yes, it's true that he chose Catelyn for a reason. (although I will note that he's said post-season 1 that they've made Robb into a more interesting character that he would have liked to do a pov for) However, it's a literary reason, not a cinematic one. Remember how people complained about not being able to see the battle of the Whispering Woods? Now imagine an entire season of hearing about war, it might be very rich in character (although it creates huge obstacles for avoiding show don't tell while bringing out Catelyn's interiority), but it would be cinematically unbearable - ten hours of Waiting for Godot.
So we need to see Robb to get that side of the war. And in order for us to enjoy that storyline, we need something more than an immature boy that at best, people are feeling sorry for. Keep in mind, we aren't going to experience the Scarlet Reception through Catelyn's eyes, with all her wrenching stream of consciousness. What Benioff and Weiss are going for is a repeat of their head-fake with Ned; they're building up another tragic hero and then they're going to cut him down and the viewers are going to care because they've invested emotionally in a character who doesn't come off as a bit of a thickie. 
Regarding war as a theme, I think people are right that GRRM was a conscientious objector who's making an argument that war has no winners. However, he's not just saying that. GRRM has also spoken very movingly about the strategy of war, the intellect behind it, the glamor of it. I think he's also been quite critical of the idea that unthinking pacifism is any better than unthinking militarism - all Lommy gets for his yielding is a spear in the throat; Lysa's isolationism is shown as self destructive selfishness, and Catelyn's desires to go home to Winterfell and shut the world out aren't realistic. She doesn't think about what happens when Robb gives up the war and goes home, leaving the Lannisters in complete control of the South; we know they're not going to let Robb alone. Even if Tywin's willing to let his enemies off their knees, neither Balon nor Cersei are. And at the end of the day, the Others have to be fought.
					
					
							Edited by Vikingkingq, 04 April 2012 - 05:49 AM.
564	The Black Wolf	2012-04-04	And what, pray tell, would you have done differently?I'm not saying that I'm better at politics than Catelyn, but I'm sure people like LF and perhaps Kevan Lannister would have been better at negotiating with Renly. Again, I'm not saying Cat is stupid, but I don't think she's as politically competent as some would have her be.HAHAHAHA there we have it folks, the blatant double-standard, just a few lines apart. Awesome.Actually, I think you missed the point here. I was pointing out that if you can't blame Cat for not foreseeing the Red Wedding, then you can't really blame Robb for trusting Theon. Personally, I think they both made bad choices there, but that's easy to say now in hindsight, and if you walked around not trusting anyone you'd end up like Cersei. About her trusting LF: again, it's easy to say now that she shouldn't have done it, and I understand why she did it... and it shows that she in fact isn't the best judge of character or the incredibly politically shrewd character that some seem to think she is. There is a lot of middle ground between being Ned and being LF or Varys. Catelyn is better than Ned at politics, but that doesn't make her brilliant... at least that's my opinion.
565	Milcov	2012-04-04	The Theon and Renly ones did sort of annoy me. I'm far from a fan of Catelyn but the Theon comment specifically shows her as having a good understanding of the political situation the Starks are in.
566	nara	2012-04-04	I was rather dissatisfied with the way that Catelyn was written in 2x01 and am not feeling too confident about the way that the show is handling the Robb and Cat portion of the story. I mean, I understand that this is an adaptation and that things have to change, but I'm struggling with understanding WHY certain changes were necessary. The following is adapated from something I wrote on tumblr, but I thought it would be a good jumping off point for discussion.Really, I think HBO just does not understand the Robb and Cat storyline. It seems like the show is playing Robb As Hero completely straight. I think part of that is a by-product of aging up the character. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s kind of hard to sell Richard Madden as a Boy King. So in the books when Robb pulls the Grey Wind stunt with Cleos Frey, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s immature posturing. But in the show when he does it with Jaime, I think weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re supposed to read it as him being bad ass which completely misses the point of his character (the point being Robb as a deconstruction of the idea of a boy king).But the way Cat was handled was even worse. There were four big mistakes with the way Cat was written in 2x01.1. In the books, it is Catelyn who suggests to Robb that they go to Renly in order to try to get the Baratheon brothers to work together to take down the Lannisters. I love that it is Catelyn who has the political mind to see this solution. The fact that in the show they gave that idea to Robb does away with the idea we see in the books that while Robb is a capable general on the battlefield, he needs help ruling because he's not skilled in politics and diplomacy. It also de-emphasizes Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perceptiveness and cleverness.2. I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really like the fact that the only reason Cat gave for not sending Theon to Balon to treat was because Balon was untrustworthy. I mean, that is true, but in the books she relents and says that if Robb has to treat with Balon send someone else other than Theon. I think that in order for later events to be most impactful, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s important that she tell Robb specifically to NOT send Theon. Her opposition to sending Theon also shows her wisdom. Theon is a HOSTAGE. He is their leverage over Balon. WHY WOULD YOU GIVE UP YOUR LEVERAGE, ROBB? Robb was letting his emotions and his affection for Theon make his decisions for him, so he ignored Cat's wisdom.3. I was annoyed that Cat didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get her line about girls not being worth it. Catelyn knows how the world works and she knows that in Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes his sisters arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth giving up his prize hostage of Jaime Lannister. I mean, I believe Robb loves his sisters, but he also doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want to risk angering his bannermen and they would be upset if he traded Jaime for Arya and Sansa. But with the line about girls not being worth it, it becomes explicit that Cat understands how the politics of it all is very gendered and how girls arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth much in this game of thrones. And I think that is important to her character because she's a character who fulfills the gender roles of her society. She LIKES being a wife and mother and is generally traditionally feminine, but that doesn't prevent her from seeing how unfair her society is to women. I mean, I think we still got some of that it in the show, but it could have been done better and more explicitly.4. And finally and most aggravatingly, I was upset at her line about it being time for her to go home. I mean in the book she does want to see Bran and Rickon, but she knows that her duty right now is with Robb. So her wish to see Bran and Rickon in the books is more of a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish we were all safe in Winterfellâ<U+0080><U+009D> or a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish I could be in multiple places at onceâ<U+0080><U+009D> type thing. In the book she makes a conscious choice to be with Robb because she knows that he needs her more at that moment in time (Robb is trying to stage a rebellion after all, while Bran and Rickon are far away from the fighting in the care of trusted guardians). But Robb is a typical teenager about it, trying to assert his independence and wanting his mom out of the way, so he tries to send her away to various places. I feel like by changing things to have Catelyn want to leave Robb and be with Bran and Rickon, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like the showrunners are validating all the Catelyn Critics who complain about what a terrible mother she is for abandoning Bran and Rickon which is just... not true.All of these things might seem like minor changes, but there are specific shades of meaning and nuances and complexity in the original text that I think were lost in the adaptation to screen and I just don't understand why those changes were made. The only reason I can see is that the writers don't fully understand Catelyn as a character and subsequently those changes didn't seem like all that big of a deal. But I guess that to me, as someone who loves the character in the books, those changes just really stood out to me and didn't sit well with me at all.Agree completely!  Catelyn is shrewd when it comes to this political stuff but emotional in her hatred of Jon and trust in Petyr.  The dichotomy is important for her character.  the producers are sacrificng her to play up Robb and that's not cool.
567	Areo Speedwagon	2012-04-04	I think Nymeria Star Eyes and Vikingkingq have been the most reasonable and introspective on this thread so far.I'll start by saying that a book is a book, a tv show is a tv show, and a movie is a movie.  Tv shows are not books, and books and not movies, and tv shows are not movies.  It sounds ridiculous and redundant, but I think it needs to be reiterated to more than a few people on this thread. I think many people on this thread are truly underestimating the visual component in telling this story through the medium of television and the limits of television itself.  It's why Catelyn didn't tell Jon "it should have been you" in regards to Bran getting pushed out the window.  Without knowing her internal monologue, the intricacies of her and Ned's relationship, the complexity of the gender roles of Westeros, audience members would instantly write her off as cold and unsympathetic forever.  That one line would have colored your perception of her for the rest of the series simply because you saw her say it and you saw Jon's face react to it.  So we cannot compare Robb from the books to Robb from the show because a book is not a tv show.  And we can't keep calling Robb from the tv show a "boy king" in the same way we call Robb from the books a "boy king."  They are at least 6 years apart.  And I think Benioff and Weiss were right in making everyone older.  In my opinion, it would have been ridiculous to watch a 15 boy tell the GreatJon "surely he only meant to cut my meat," and to see a 15 year old rise as, again, the GreatJon says "there's the only king i mean to bend my knee to," AND I think it would have called Jaime's competence into question to see a 15 year old riding out of the Whispering Wood with Jaime in tow.  I teach 15 year olds.  I think the showrunners made the right call.As to the Robb/Catelyn characterizations, again, it has to do with the limits of television and my initial point.  I think HBO is really playing up Robb as the general who "won every battle but lost the war."  By making many of Catelyn's suggestions and ideas Robb's, I think HBO is really leading us directly to the Red Wedding.  To FauxKraken's original point #2, I think you're right in that it would have a big impact to have Catelyn advise against sending Theon and it does show her wisdom, but then you say it in your very next sentence: "Robb was letting his emotions and his affection for Theon make his decisions for him."  This emotional decision making is exactly why he marries Jeyne Westerling, which is exactly what gets him (and his mother) killed.  "Won every battle but lost everything."  I think Robb sending Theon out of brotherly love is setting him up as one who, while a calculating, brilliant tactician on the battlefield, he very much acts on emotion off the battlefield, and hence, this will make his betrothal to Jeyne more in character.As to the cuts, it has been mentioned many times, but the one that sticks out is someone up thread saying they didn't even include Catelyn in the "King in the North" scene in season 1.  If Martin wants to write something, anything, he is perfectly free to do so.  He can add another 100, 200 pages of dialogue, stream of conscious, or whatever he wants without consequence.  Tv shows don't have that luxury.  Again, I know that is redundant, but it seems to need to be said.  Benioff and Weiss only have roughly 55 minutes to cover between 100 - 250 pages of text.  And they aren't just adapting the chapter or the book, they're adapting "A Song of Ice and Fire."  I remember an interview with Peter Jackson about adapting "Lord of the Rings" and he said (roughly, I don't have the quote in front of me) "we started with the goal of the story: Frodo destroying the ring.  Everything in the movies needs to support that end, if it doesn't, it got cut, then we worked our way backwards."  I think Benioff and Weiss, having the benefit of knowing where Martin is going with this, are taking the same approach.  This is a story about, in its broadest sense, a supernatural, perhaps even cosmic, battle between a foe that has been laying dormant for 8,000 years and magical creatures that were thought to have gone extinct returning.  Do the complexities of gender roles in the world in which this battle is taking place add to the story?  Absolutely.  You would be a fool to say otherwise.  If you personally had the task of parsing down what will probably be roughly 10,000 pages or text into what will probably be roughly 70 or 80 hours of television, what priority would you assign the complexities of gender roles in a world governed by magic that includes dragons, krakens, sorceresses, ice demons, zombies, Hodor, ESP, Roose Bolton, exiled princesses, maltreated bastards, the faceless men, and the night's watch among many many others?  I understand that is a completely subjective question, but if answered honestly, there is really one answer. However, that's not to say they aren't dealing with gender roles, they just aren't talking about it.  The very fact that this thread exists proves that there are perceived inequities in gender.  I think the changes Benioff and Weiss have made have been to push the complexities of gender roles into the subtext, which, in my opinion was wise.  It's not what you notice upon your first viewing, but if you watch again or with that issue in mind, you will see that Catelyn, Cersei, Danaerys, and others are treated very much the lesser than their male counterparts, they're just not ruminating on it (because, obviously, we're not inside their heads).  If you notice it, will it add to the story?  Of course.  If you don't notice it and just tune in for the ice zombies and dragons, is it going to spoil that?  No.  I am very curious to see Brienne, though, as I think all this subtext will be forced to become text, and maybe we will have characters actually talking about it.
568	Vikingkingq	2012-04-04	Oh, and FYI, I'm pretty sure that Catelyn's line about the girls not being worth it shows up later in the season, because I have a strong memory of seeing it in some promo video.
EDIT:
Also, I think the promo for next week that shows Jorah saying "they don't like the idea of a woman leading a khalassar" and Dany responding "they'll like it a lot less when I'm done with them" suggests than Benioff and Weiss haven't forgotten the theme of gender and leadership.
					
					
							Edited by Vikingkingq, 04 April 2012 - 03:15 PM.
569	Morrigan	2012-04-04	About the Red Wedding. Would Tywin Lannister have given Walder Frey and Roose Bolton the green light for that project if Jaime Lannister had remained a captive at Riverrun? The Blackfish held Riverrun and I doubt that he would have had any problems with killing Jaime as payment for the Red WeddingDidn't you read A Clash of Kings? The Boltons and the Freys were already colluding to betray the King in the North long before Jaime was released. And in early ASoS, we know that Tywin has been fighting his war with "quills and ravens" long before he knew of Jaime being freed.Morrigan- I love Cat as a character, and think she was generally a good and pragmatic person who tried her best the balance her roles as a mother and a powerful noblewoman.  But are you really going to tell me she didn't make some spectacularly poor decisions?Releasing Jaime was a bad decision based on emotions, yes, but I wouldn't call it "spectacularly poor", since it ended up changing very little for the Stark situation. Capturing Tyrion was probably worse, but that's only in hindsight, she couldn't have foreseen the consequences."Smart and sensible"?  Cat knew enough about Westeros and the Lannisters to know that seizing Tywin's son at sword point was tantamount to a declaration of war- and she did this based on hearsay from the least trustworthy man in all of Westeros.  If you wanted to make an argument that, considering the fact that her son had almost been murdered, this was an understandable move in such an emotional state I would listen to your points, but smart and sensible?That Littlefinger is the "least trustworthy man in all of Westeros" is known only to the reader (and possibly Varys and Tyrion). Everyone else trusts Littlefinger, that's why he's so good at politics and manipulating people at court. And he was Catelyn's childhood friend. She had zero reason to distrust him. Nor would she have any reason to doubt his story about the dagger belonging to Tyrion, there was no obvious motivation for making up a lie about that.As for capturing Tyrion, remember, she thinks he committed a severe crime (attempted murder on her son), and she's incognito and tried to avoid him but he called out to her. She was painted in a corner. The only possible decision for anyone would be to have him arrested for a future trial, not to just let him go while he was within her grasp, surrounded by her father's sworn bannermen. Even Tyrion recognizes that this was clever. And even he rages when he realizes she duped everyone by going to the Eyrie instead of Winterfell. Going to Lysa was, again, a bad decision... in hindsight. She could not have known her sister would have turned into a nutcase and spiralled things out of control with her stupid whelp of a son sitting as "judge" at the "trial". What, exactly, with the knowledge that Catelyn possessed at the time, should she have done differently? Let her son's would-be murderer go free while there was a golden opportunity to capture him? Madness. Then, ride north to Winterfell only to be caught up by Lannister bannermen? More madness. It amazes me that people criticize a character for failing to be omniscient. I don't think you've fully thought this through.Already refuted by David Selig above. So speak for yourself.
570	templar7	2012-04-04	I understand the frustration that some people have when characters, especially ones who we relate to in the reading, change when translated to a screen. An example of this for myself occurred more than once in the LotR trilogy. Faramir was portrayed quite differently in script as opposed to page, as was Elrond. In the books Elrond knew beyond a doubt that Aragon was to full-fill the prophecy, take up the remade Anduril and ultimately wed his daughter Arwyn. In the movie he was against this union and even tried to sabotage it, only at the bitter end did he accept this fate.
  Having said this, I believe that Catlyn's character, while appearing to have different motivations, is at this point still true to the spirit of her character. One must remember that an audience who is not familiar with the books knows only what has been portrayed on screen through ten episodes, and while ten episodes is better than one movie, it still has difficulty explaining all the subtleties of who she is and what her goals are at this point in the narrative. I have no doubt that her story will unfold as portrayed in the books, but possibly at a different pace. it is very difficult to show a character's true motivation without the inner monologue that a book provides. 
 And remember too, that George R R Martin is an experienced TV writer and is also is co-executive producer on the show. So I'm sure that the die hard Catlyn fans will not be disappointed with the outcome of her tale.
571	Envie	2012-04-04	One should remember that in the books she wanted to stay, to stay with her father (not really with Robb), in show, we haven't found a father weakened by sickness, so she doesn't have him to stay with, so why not return to her kids?...And as for the show, Robb is older, you can't really have him acting as 15(?) year old boy all the time...This is an excellent point as well. Since there are no scenes with Catelyn's dying Father, there's a lot less pull for her to stay around now that its been made abundantly clear Robb is a natural born leader and being proclamed king of the north. They turned it around so that Robb wants to use her as negotiator the way she did with Frey - which from a viewer's standpoint seems pretty reasonable that a woman's touch often softens the deals with men who may respond better to a "Mother's love" than the demands of another aggressive male.
572	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-04	I understand the frustration that some people have when characters, especially ones who we relate to in the reading, change when translated to a screen. An example of this for myself occurred more than once in the LotR trilogy. Faramir was portrayed quite differently in script as opposed to page, as was Elrond. In the books Elrond knew beyond a doubt that Aragon was to full-fill the prophecy, take up the remade Anduril and ultimately wed his daughter Arwyn. In the movie he was against this union and even tried to sabotage it, only at the bitter end did he accept this fate.  Having said this, I believe that Catlyn's character, while appearing to have different motivations, is at this point still true to the spirit of her character. One must remember that an audience who is not familiar with the books knows only what has been portrayed on screen through ten episodes, and while ten episodes is better than one movie, it still has difficulty explaining all the subtleties of who she is and what her goals are at this point in the narrative. I have no doubt that her story will unfold as portrayed in the books, but possibly at a different pace. it is very difficult to show a character's true motivation without the inner monologue that a book provides.And remember too, that George R R Martin is an experienced TV writer and is also is co-executive producer on the show. So I'm sure that the die hard Catlyn fans will not be disappointed with the outcome of her tale.A voice of reason.
573	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	Releasing Jaime was a bad decision based on emotions, yes, but I wouldn't call it "spectacularly poor", since it ended up changing very little for the Stark situation. Capturing Tyrion was probably worse, but that's only in hindsight, she couldn't have foreseen the consequences.I disagree. It was a decision at the end of her wits as it was based in a futile attempt to see her daughters again by putting her hopes in the good nature of... the Lannisters. It's a terrible decision, but it's interesting to read about because she's broken at that point.
574	BarrileteCosmico	2012-04-04	Brewmaster: "Catelyn is mean to a fan favorite right off the bat, but Jaime also pushes a child out a tower window right of the bat and somehow readers are able to forgive him and Jaime is one of the most popular characters in the book. Please try to tell me that there is not some degree of sexism involved in that. Female characters are held to higher (and more unreasonable standards) than their male counterparts."Jaime was very much unliked until AFFC where his character arc undergoes a complete transformation. It has nothing to do with the fact that he's a man, but with the fact that he redeems himself in the eyes of some readers. Cat on the other hand never goes through such a process. The two situations are hardly analogous.Anyways, I agree with the OP. I think they have undermined her character throughout this episode. But I think every adaptation is going to have flaws at some point, and it's a little too soon to play the sexism card (she has seem politically shrewd in other episodes, has she not?) because of one episode. Yes, the authors have changed the character arc as a result of Robb's age, but this is a minor change. If you can't live with this kind of change, then I suggest you stop watching the series alltogether because there are going to be larger changes than this one.
575	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-04	I don't see why Cat has to be a political genius or the savior of the north to justify the argument that her character should not have been changed.  Or that because she isn't a political genius or the savior of the north, that the particulars of her characterization don't matter.  That's utterly illogical.
The point is not whether or not she was the north's savior.  Robb wasn't the north's savior either.  But the show didn't take away Robb's accomplishments and give them to Cat, did they?  They gave some of her to him.  Does Robb have to be the north's savior in order to give him smarts, impressive ideas?  Clearly not, in fact they give him some of his mother's.
They also took away all the commentary Martin makes about how women are cut out of "business" matters by taking away Cat's conviction that she belongs by Robb's side.  How can they ever undo that?  They can't.  What about that can change in nine more episodes?
At this point they have also totally silenced Cat's words about peace in the king in the north scene and given her idea about an alliance with Renly to Robb. Robb is supposed to be about war, all the peace ideas in Robb's camp came from Cat.
They chickened out and betrayed their lack of understanding of core -- not trivial, but core -- elements of a major female character, and then they went on a media campaign the week before the premiere trying to shore up Feminist Cred with the fanbase to cover their behinds.
576	templar7	2012-04-04	Brewmaster: "Catelyn is mean to a fan favorite right off the bat, but Jaime also pushes a child out a tower window right of the bat and somehow readers are able to forgive him and Jaime is one of the most popular characters in the book. Please try to tell me that there is not some degree of sexism involved in that. Female characters are held to higher (and more unreasonable standards) than their male counterparts."Jaime was very much unliked until AFFC where his character arc undergoes a complete transformation. It has nothing to do with the fact that he's a man, but with the fact that he redeems himself in the eyes of some readers. Cat on the other hand never goes through such a process. The two situations are hardly analogous.Anyways, I agree with the OP. I think they have undermined her character throughout this episode. But I think every adaptation is going to have flaws at some point, and it's a little too soon to play the sexism card (she has seem politically shrewd in other episodes, has she not?) because of one episode. Yes, the authors have changed the character arc as a result of Robb's age, but this is a minor change. If you can't live with this kind of change, then I suggest you stop watching the series alltogether because there are going to be larger changes than this one.You do raise an interesting point, I never considered that. I will say, having read all the books, that Jamie has certainly turned a new leaf and yes, Fans have somewhat pardoned him for his past transgressions. I don`t know about actually forgiving him, but certainly his deed involving Bran and the window has been swept under the rug. My answer to this is would be that George writes like few others, in that he sticks to the `human condition` in the telling, and this can be frustrating as a reader. However this very point is what sets the story apart from other works of fantasy fiction. The characters are unquestionably ``human`` and not the carbon copy hero and villain of most popular fiction. The question of whether Jamie is in fact good or evil is truly up for grabs when considering the scope of the whole story, who`s end we still dont know. Real people are harder to define than fictional characters because real people evolve and can change their viewpoint based on their experiences. I believe that George has mastered this human quality in his writing and this thread of debate is evidence of it.
577	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-04	Regarding GRRM's themes - yes, it's true that he chose Catelyn for a reason. (although I will note that he's said post-season 1 that they've made Robb into a more interesting character that he would have liked to do a pov for) However, it's a literary reason, not a cinematic one. Remember how people complained about not being able to see the battle of the Whispering Woods? Now imagine an entire season of hearing about war, it might be very rich in character (although it creates huge obstacles for avoiding show don't tell while bringing out Catelyn's interiority), but it would be cinematically unbearable - ten hours of Waiting for Godot.But this is a strawman.  It's fine to show Robb's story.  They don't need to change Catelyn, give her ideas to Robb, change her motivations and desire to stay on the battlefield, to show Robb's story.  I welcome Robb's story, his battles, everything.  But changing Cat in reaction to that is a separate issue and it's unnecessary to give fans handsome, epic Robb.  If Catelyn wants to stay, if she gets to be the voice of peace she is meant to be, that does not make Robb look immature.  What made Robb immature is marrying Jeyne, and I believe he will still do that in the show.Regarding war as a theme, I think people are right that GRRM was a conscientious objector who's making an argument that war has no winners. However, he's not just saying that. GRRM has also spoken very movingly about the strategy of war, the intellect behind it, the glamor of it. I think he's also been quite critical of the idea that unthinking pacifism is any better than unthinking militarism - all Lommy gets for his yielding is a spear in the throat; Lysa's isolationism is shown as self destructive selfishness, and Catelyn's desires to go home to Winterfell and shut the world out aren't realistic. She doesn't think about what happens when Robb gives up the war and goes home, leaving the Lannisters in complete control of the South; we know they're not going to let Robb alone. Even if Tywin's willing to let his enemies off their knees, neither Balon nor Cersei are. And at the end of the day, the Others have to be fought.I don't exactly understand this point, could you explain it to me?  Cat doesn't want to just go home and shut out the world in the books.  She sues for peace not to escape reality but to preserve and because she refuses to fight a war for the purpose of vengeance.
578	templar7	2012-04-04	As much as I love the books and the show alike I have to say that suggesting that the story line is adversely affected by Rob and Cat`s differences from page to script regarding the war is a little premature. Its simply a more palatable way of telling the gist of the story on screen. If you have read the books you know how important these details are in the long run. The Red Wedding puts all this to rest.
579	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-04	As much as I love the books and the show alike I have to say that suggesting that the story line is adversely affected by Rob and Cat`s differences from page to script regarding the war is a little premature. Its simply a more palatable way of telling the gist of the story on screen. If you have read the books you know how important these details are in the long run. The Red Wedding puts all this to rest.But the plot points are just machinery to meet great characters, not the other way around.  It's not about the plot line, it's about the human beings.And the reason this is (making a mother want to go home to prove she's a good mom, taking away her role in the war narrative) more palatable is a problem.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 04 April 2012 - 07:43 PM.
580	jubah	2012-04-04	I'm just gonna control C control V myself because I see this Tyrion polemic has showed up again:about Tyrion's polemic arrest:it was TYRION who acted on a whim outing Catelyn in front of everyone when she was clearly incognito, in a random inn with only one companion. TYRION was the one who started a confrontation and backed Cat into a corner, forcing a desperate reaction out of her. He knew something was going on with the Starks, not only for the strangeness of the situation itself, but he had already been mistreated by Robb in Winterfell. He subestimated Cat, though, and never though she could overcome his money, guards AND his status as queen's brother with nothing but the authority of her voice. Power is power after all.What was the option, pray tell, when the man who murdered your brother-in-law (people seem to forget about Lysa's letter) and tried to murder your son TWICE appears with a bunch of guards and backs you into a corner? Did you ever think that Cat might have been fearing she would have been taken hostage herself, or even killed the moment she stepped out of the inn? Tyrion thought he had her cornered, but Cat fought, and won. And if you hadn't been inside Tyrion's mind and knew he wasn't the culprint thanks to your god-like perspective, you would have cheered and congratulated Cat... who knows how many of you did anyway, I know  I did.
					
					
							Edited by jubah, 04 April 2012 - 07:44 PM.
581	templar7	2012-04-04	But the plot points are just machinery to meet great characters, not the other way around.  It's not about the plot line, it's about the human beings.And the reason this is (making a mother want to go home to prove she's a good mom, taking away her role in the war narrative) more palatable is a problem.Would the true "human" mother be more motivated by war...? or family. I think it makes her even more noble. I don't see an issue with this angle.
582	Vikingkingq	2012-04-04	But this is a strawman.  It's fine to show Robb's story.  They don't need to change Catelyn, give her ideas to Robb, change her motivations and desire to stay on the battlefield, to show Robb's story.  I welcome Robb's story, his battles, everything.  But changing Cat in reaction to that is a separate issue and it's unnecessary to give fans handsome, epic Robb.  If Catelyn wants to stay, if she gets to be the voice of peace she is meant to be, that does not make Robb look immature.  What made Robb immature is marrying Jeyne, and I believe he will still do that in the show.It's not a strawman - I'm not constructing a false argument and then arguing against it. I'm making an argument about different media; we need to see Robb Stark, and we need to care about his character, his struggle, and eventually his death. Part of that means making him more mature and intelligent than he appears in the book. So giving him some understanding that he needs allies in his war - and keep in mind, it's couched in military terms, not peace terms (he wants Renly's 100,000 swords first and foremost) - is part of making him a more intelligent character.And I'm not in favor of changing Catelyn; indeed, I think they could have still preserved her thinking - by having her emphasize more making peace with Renly and Robb emphasizing wanting his army - while giving us a sense that Robb understands the political dynamics of his war.I don't exactly understand this point, could you explain it to me?  Cat doesn't want to just go home and shut out the world in the books.  She sues for peace not to escape reality but to preserve and because she refuses to fight a war for the purpose of vengeance.Yes, she explicitly does. She says she wants to go home to Winterfell, keep her family around her, and never leave - she doesn't really think or care about what's going to happen to her brother, she doesn't really do a careful analysis of whether her prisoner exchange with Jaime is going to work (or even confirm Tyrion's offer via raven before releasing Jaime) and whether he'll keep his word, she's acting in a desperate fashion. She doesn't think about whether the Lannisters who are by this point known for their utter ruthlessness in dealing with enemies and who have been shown to violate the laws of war when they brought in assassins under a white flag would actually leave the Starks alone once they retreated back ot the North.
583	Vikingkingq	2012-04-04	Tyrion thought he had her cornered, but Cat fought, and won. And if you hadn't been inside Tyrion's mind and knew he wasn't the culprint thanks to your god-like perspective, you would have cheered and congratulated Cat... who knows how many of you did anyway, I know  I did.How was Tyrion cornering Catelyn? He basically said "hello, I just stopped in at your home and you weren't there." I agree that Catelyn's decision to grab him had merit, but let's acknowledge that she had other options, she could have pretended she didn't know anything about the conspiracy and just said "yes, I was visiting my husband in the capitol, so nice to see you" and gone on her way.
584	chavalah	2012-04-04	I would go ahead and add that I actually didn't see Robb's scenes with Jaime or the peace terms to prove him to be incredibly mature, even on the show.  They were both bits of theater--beautiful theater, sure, especially for Stark enthusiasts. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  But Robb confronting Jaime about the incest or knowing the details of Bran's fall served no strategic purpose.  He was angry and he wanted to use Grey Wind to frighten him; it was all an elaborate bluff.  With the added detail of the subtle hints about how he and Grey Wind are connected.
As for the peace terms, he never meant for them to be taken seriously; they were even more ridiculous than his terms in the book.  ("Give me everything I want and I'll leave you alone"? That's it?  At least there were a couple hostage exchange proposals in the novel.)  The people who fell for it (and I'm very much including myself here) a) probably think Richard Madden is a fine actor and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> are secret Stark bannermen salivating at all the tough talk of revenge.  It's a "badass" speech, same as in the book.  Badass speeches sound great, but in the end they're all a bunch of talk.  Sure, he's standing on the shoulders of his military victories and saying "yup, proved I'm a tough guy."  Will that make the war end and give him the kingdom he wants?
Obviously not; that possibility comes from Cat negotiating an agreement with Renly.  So not that it's unfeasible that Robb might recognize that on his own, but it's a shame because he's already proven himself to be a little hot-headed.  Keeping the lines the same (eg Cat wanting to go to Renly and Robb wanting her to go home) might help explain the complexities in his character as well--that he's a good military strategist, and of course devoted to the idea of avenging his father--but that he has blind spots in his strategy.  Blind spots that Cat fills by volunteering herself as a negotiator, though Robb (and some of fandom) don't fully appreciate her for it.
Robb/Catelyn is one of my favorite relationships in the entire series, if not my favorite, and I'm sad that in the show Cat will perhaps have more time to shine away from her son.  (Though I am assuming that she will give him good advice about remembering his duty rather than getting involved with "Jeyne," at least.  And dare I hope that maybe, after she comes back from Renly's, she'll decide on her own, "ok, no Winterfell, Robb, because you need me more"?  Am I being too optimistic?  Alas.)
I hate disliking Stark aspects of the show. :-/  Especially since Michelle and Richard are both such fine actors.
585	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-04	Would the true "human" mother be more motivated by war...? or family. I think it makes her even more noble. I don't see an issue with this angle."Human" and "noble" are not synonyms.  Theon Greyjoy is a true human no less than Ned Stark.And there are mothers of all kinds.And Catelyn is not motivated by war, she is the only one who speaks for peace in Robb's camp (HBO cut this down).  But she is trying to protect her children actively by being at Robb's side instead of going home.  Active vs passive.  Conviction of herself vs a room full of only men in a deeply patriarchal macho society.  So: Catelyn's not motivated by war.  Humanity is not limited to nobility.  Mothers don't have to be a certain one way to be true mothers.  That is the entire point, really.  A single motherhood ideal is a terribly sexist notion.In any case I believe you are mixing your argument threads.  The point I responded to was the idea that if it doesn't affect the plot line, it's a non-issue.  I disagree with that; plot lines aren't the top priority here, the human drama is.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 04 April 2012 - 09:53 PM.
586	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-04	Yes, she explicitly does. She says she wants to go home to Winterfell, keep her family around her, and never leave - she doesn't really think or care about what's going to happen to her brother, she doesn't really do a careful analysis of whether her prisoner exchange with Jaime is going to work (or even confirm Tyrion's offer via raven before releasing Jaime) and whether he'll keep his word, she's acting in a desperate fashion. She doesn't think about whether the Lannisters who are by this point known for their utter ruthlessness in dealing with enemies and who have been shown to violate the laws of war when they brought in assassins under a white flag would actually leave the Starks alone once they retreated back ot the North.But she refuses to be sent home. Yes she wants to get home but she doesn't want to leave unless the war is over.  While it is on she believes she is useful at Robb's side.  I don't recall where she says she never wants to leave.  She absolutely cares what happens to her brother, she prays for him, and if they had all sued for peace that only makes it more likely that they would not be crushed by Lannisters.  She wants peace, that means more people survive including Edmure.  The Lannisters did not want to incur the Starks into war, it was a fuck-up by Joff's part.  They'd have to get past the Neck if they wanted to do anything, and that's not insignificant.  That's been a cornerstone of northern security and isolation for a long time.It's not a strawman - I'm not constructing a false argument and then arguing against it. I'm making an argument about different media; we need to see Robb Stark, and we need to care about his character, his struggle, and eventually his death. Part of that means making him more mature and intelligent than he appears in the book. So giving him some understanding that he needs allies in his war - and keep in mind, it's couched in military terms, not peace terms (he wants Renly's 100,000 swords first and foremost) - is part of making him a more intelligent character.By that logic we need to care about Cat's character too.  To care about Cat, all we need to see is that she just wants nothing but to go home to her babies.  To care about Robb, we need to see he's more intelligent.  You don't see anything gendered about that?Does Stannis needing Davos as a counselor make Stannis seem less mature, less intelligent?  Do they worry about Jorah making Dany look less intelligent?  It is only because Robb is a boy trying to be a man and Cat is a female parent that this argument has any appeal, and it's a problematic appeal.  All kings need advisors, it is not a weakness.  And if that advisor is your mother, that can be seen as a weakness in Westeros, but why do modern audiences want to defend bullshit sexist Westerosi attitudes?  Audiences should not need it.  And if they do, then showing what Cat faces as she struggles to remain relevant in a sexist world that won't let her is the way to do it.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 04 April 2012 - 09:51 PM.
587	Morrigan	2012-04-05	I disagree. It was a decision at the end of her wits as it was based in a futile attempt to see her daughters again by putting her hopes in the good nature of... the Lannisters. It's a terrible decision, but it's interesting to read about because she's broken at that point.How are you disagreeing? I do agree that it was a desperate act, and a poor decision. What I was saying, was that it didn't actually affect her or Robb in any significant way in the long run so politically it wasn't the huge-ass blunder many people claim it was. Although, with Lady Stoneheart about to kick his ass, who knows... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
588	templar7	2012-04-05	"Human" and "noble" are not synonyms.  Theon Greyjoy is a true human no less than Ned Stark.And there are mothers of all kinds.And Catelyn is not motivated by war, she is the only one who speaks for peace in Robb's camp (HBO cut this down).  But she is trying to protect her children actively by being at Robb's side instead of going home.  Active vs passive.  Conviction of herself vs a room full of only men in a deeply patriarchal macho society.  So: Catelyn's not motivated by war.  Humanity is not limited to nobility.  Mothers don't have to be a certain one way to be true mothers.  That is the entire point, really.  A single motherhood ideal is a terribly sexist notion.In any case I believe you are mixing your argument threads.  The point I responded to was the idea that if it doesn't affect the plot line, it's a non-issue.  I disagree with that; plot lines aren't the top priority here, the human drama is.I'm not mixing anything. "A single motherhood  ideal is a terribly sexist notion." What? it's honorable in a world that values politics over reason!You are saying that theon is as honorable as Ned? wow
589	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-05	1. In the books, it is Catelyn who suggests to Robb that they go to Renly in order to try to get the Baratheon brothers to work together to take down the Lannisters.Where in the books does Catelyn suggest this to Robb? We see Catelyn and the Blackfish discussing the need to make Lord Twyin venture out of Harrenhal and both mention Renly. When next we see Catelyn, she's been dispatched by Robb to treat with Renly though she resisted and wished to remain at Riverrun with her dying father. There's nothing to suggest that she gave the idea to Robb, or that Robb and his captains hadn't already had the idea of seeking the alliance. After all, it's hardly a masterstroke of strategy to see the enemy of one's enemy as a potential friend.4. And finally and most aggravatingly, I was upset at her line about it being time for her to go home. I mean in the book she does want to see Bran and Rickon, but she knows that her duty right now is with Robb. So her wish to see Bran and Rickon in the books is more of a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish we were all safe in Winterfellâ<U+0080><U+009D> or a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish I could be in multiple places at onceâ<U+0080><U+009D> type thing. In the book she makes a conscious choice to be with Robb because she knows that he needs her more at that moment in time (Robb is trying to stage a rebellion after all, while Bran and Rickon are far away from the fighting in the care of trusted guardians). But Robb is a typical teenager about it, trying to assert his independence and wanting his mom out of the way, so he tries to send her away to various places.This isn't very fair to the character of Robb Stark. He is not at all a "typical teenager...trying to assert his independence and wanting his mom out of the way" - he's a leader in a civil war, far from his home base, struggling with life-and-death decisions and responsibilities his mother (and father, for that matter) never faced and will never face. His kingship and even his life are wholly dependent on lords and knights with doubtful loyalties and conflicting agendas. None of them are amenable to the idea of freeing Jaime Lannister for Sansa and Arya Stark, but this is his mother's relentless, public demand. His mother's presence and public demands do nothing to strengthen his position in the eyes of his supporters and could actively undermine it - and these supporters are not his teenage pals but hardened killers who prey on weakness like hyenas.
590	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-05	I'm not mixing anything. "A single motherhood ideal is a terribly sexist notion." What? it's honorable in a world that values politics over reason!You are saying that theon is as honorable as Ned? wowI said that they are both human.  You're the one bringing up the words noble and honorable as if that was anything I was talking about, but it wasn't.  I said human drama.  Human drama is not limited to noble or honorable people.In any case Cat is not valuing politics or war over reason by staying at Robb's side.  She is trying to protect her family.  She would even put that above the political identity of Robb's kingdom or victory on the battlefield.  So your points are moot.  Cat is always looking out for her family, in the show and in the books.  The difference is in the book she was allowed to do so with more recognition of her own agency and conviction of her usefulness.  There was a component of the storyline that had to do with her status specifically as a woman on the battlefield (and not a reluctant one).And in no world is the idea that there is only one kind of good or perfect mother honorable.  Where in the books does Catelyn suggest this to Robb?The exact part you name is the suggestion.  If Martin wanted us to think it was Robb's idea, he probably would have shown it or had Catelyn think how Robb had already thought of it.  He did that when Catelyn had an idea that the Blackfish had already thought of, prompting her to think that he was always a few steps ahead of her.  The implication is clearly that Catelyn had the idea to pursue an alliance with Renly, and Robb had the idea to send her to do it.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 05 April 2012 - 06:24 AM.
591	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-05	How are you disagreeing? I do agree that it was a desperate act, and a poor decision. What I was saying, was that it didn't actually affect her or Robb in any significant way in the long run so politically it wasn't the huge-ass blunder many people claim it was. Although, with Lady Stoneheart about to kick his ass, who knows... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />That gave the Lannisters the reason they needed to declare war on the Riverlands so yes, she affected tons of people's lives.
592	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-05	What was the option, pray tell, when the man who murdered your brother-in-law (people seem to forget about Lysa's letter) and tried to murder your son TWICE appears with a bunch of guards and backs you into a corner?Did you ever think that Cat might have been fearing she would have been taken hostage herself, or even killed the moment she stepped out of the inn?Lysa didn't say that Tyrion murdered Jon Arryn, she was talking about the Lannisters as a whole. I don't remember anything about Catelyn arresting Tyrion out of any fear of him hurting her either. What she was afraid of was that it would come out that she had been to King's Landing because just as she could rally people to arrest Tyrion, she would know even more that those people wouldn't let Tyrion hurt her (if she had had that thought at all).She made a rash decision without realizing what it could lead to. She very well knew that arresting the son of one of the most powerful men in the kingdom, who also happens to be quite ruthless, would stir up a lot of things.
593	Alexia	2012-04-05	And if they do, then showing what Cat faces as she struggles to remain relevant in a sexist world that won't let her is the way to do it.This.  This!What made Catelyn's story so compelling and interesting in the books was the themes of sexism and how she dealt with it and how the men treated her, including her young teenaged son. In the show, everyone knows that it is an adaptation and that some of the particulars will be changed.  That in particular, Robb Stark's character will need to be built up somewhat for the screen and the limited POV structure won't work in this particular medium.But instead of just tweaking particulars to make it work on the screen -- they actively validated the idea that Catelyn didn't belong at the table where the decisions were being made.  They validated the idea that her place was at home with her babies.  They validated the idea that she had nothing meaningful to contribute.  They took away her contributions and her ideas and gave them to male characters who were portrayed as naive in the books.  They reduced her character in service of the male.  They took a huge theme of the books and changed the storyline to actively validate what the entire arc was critiquing. They took away Catelyn's agency and they made her a reactive character rather than a proactive character.
594	birdsong66	2012-04-05	Keep in mind, we aren't going to experience the Scarlet Reception through Catelyn's eyes, with all her wrenching stream of consciousness.And it will be less interesting as a result, IMO.  It is Cat that wrenches every emotion out of that scene....not Robb.I agree that the HBO PTB have marginalized TVCat, but I still have hope that they will build her back up as the season progresses.  Season 1 saw a number of changes to her character so as to build alternative characters, and because it is TV, I can understand it.  I simply don't care for the theory which supports that it must be done.  So far, it appears that strength in women (on HBO) is to be largely found in the Cercei/Dany wheelhouse, with a sprinkling of Melisandre thrown in for exotic good measure.  Cat, by comparison, is not gorgeous (Cercei), young and of royal birth (Dany), or of exotic environs, matched by history and appearance (Melisandre).  Cat, sadly, is just a noble woman, a mother of five.  Pains me to type it but she's just not "sexy" enough as it is commonly defined by the greater audience demographic, be it TV or novels.  And when I watched the "You Live or You Die" trailer, I got the distinct feeling that while GRRM may have loved Catelyn Stark, that affection is not shared by the current producers in equal measure.  They spoke of strong women, in fact mentioned everyone save Catelyn, and the only mention of Cat was in the juxtaposition between Cercei and Catelyn as mothers going to great lengths to secure the safety of their children. The result?  Catelyn is spayed, sexually, mentally, and soon enough, physically.  It's bullshit, but there it is.Treating with Renly/Stannis was Catelyn's idea, FTR.  While she was speaking with The Blackfish, it is she that suggests the need for distraction, and The Blackfish who agrees that her's is a viable tactic.  Robb's involvement does not come into it outside of giving her leave to act.Ultimately, I imagine there should be some audience/reader unrest when the character you find most interesting, realistic, etc., is not the centerpiece.  For me, I am disappointed that HBO is playing to cliche, the easier path to be certain, with Cat.  I'm not suggesting she be presented as a MILF, but having her so completely sexually neutral is unfair, as well.  And it's not like Michelle Fairley is an unattractive woman.  Thin, yes.  Unattractive, no.  But maybe that's just me.
595	wolverine	2012-04-05	I was rather dissatisfied with the way that Catelyn was written in 2x01 and am not feeling too confident about the way that the show is handling the Robb and Cat portion of the story. I mean, I understand that this is an adaptation and that things have to change, but I'm struggling with understanding WHY certain changes were necessary. The following is adapated from something I wrote on tumblr, but I thought it would be a good jumping off point for discussion.Really, I think HBO just does not understand the Robb and Cat storyline. It seems like the show is playing Robb As Hero completely straight. I think part of that is a by-product of aging up the character. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s kind of hard to sell Richard Madden as a Boy King. So in the books when Robb pulls the Grey Wind stunt with Cleos Frey, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s immature posturing. But in the show when he does it with Jaime, I think weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re supposed to read it as him being bad ass which completely misses the point of his character (the point being Robb as a deconstruction of the idea of a boy king).But the way Cat was handled was even worse. There were four big mistakes with the way Cat was written in 2x01.1. In the books, it is Catelyn who suggests to Robb that they go to Renly in order to try to get the Baratheon brothers to work together to take down the Lannisters. I love that it is Catelyn who has the political mind to see this solution. The fact that in the show they gave that idea to Robb does away with the idea we see in the books that while Robb is a capable general on the battlefield, he needs help ruling because he's not skilled in politics and diplomacy. It also de-emphasizes Catelynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s perceptiveness and cleverness.2. I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really like the fact that the only reason Cat gave for not sending Theon to Balon to treat was because Balon was untrustworthy. I mean, that is true, but in the books she relents and says that if Robb has to treat with Balon send someone else other than Theon. I think that in order for later events to be most impactful, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s important that she tell Robb specifically to NOT send Theon. Her opposition to sending Theon also shows her wisdom. Theon is a HOSTAGE. He is their leverage over Balon. WHY WOULD YOU GIVE UP YOUR LEVERAGE, ROBB? Robb was letting his emotions and his affection for Theon make his decisions for him, so he ignored Cat's wisdom.3. I was annoyed that Cat didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get her line about girls not being worth it. Catelyn knows how the world works and she knows that in Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes his sisters arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth giving up his prize hostage of Jaime Lannister. I mean, I believe Robb loves his sisters, but he also doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t want to risk angering his bannermen and they would be upset if he traded Jaime for Arya and Sansa. But with the line about girls not being worth it, it becomes explicit that Cat understands how the politics of it all is very gendered and how girls arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worth much in this game of thrones. And I think that is important to her character because she's a character who fulfills the gender roles of her society. She LIKES being a wife and mother and is generally traditionally feminine, but that doesn't prevent her from seeing how unfair her society is to women. I mean, I think we still got some of that it in the show, but it could have been done better and more explicitly.4. And finally and most aggravatingly, I was upset at her line about it being time for her to go home. I mean in the book she does want to see Bran and Rickon, but she knows that her duty right now is with Robb. So her wish to see Bran and Rickon in the books is more of a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish we were all safe in Winterfellâ<U+0080><U+009D> or a â<U+0080><U+009C>I wish I could be in multiple places at onceâ<U+0080><U+009D> type thing. In the book she makes a conscious choice to be with Robb because she knows that he needs her more at that moment in time (Robb is trying to stage a rebellion after all, while Bran and Rickon are far away from the fighting in the care of trusted guardians). But Robb is a typical teenager about it, trying to assert his independence and wanting his mom out of the way, so he tries to send her away to various places. I feel like by changing things to have Catelyn want to leave Robb and be with Bran and Rickon, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like the showrunners are validating all the Catelyn Critics who complain about what a terrible mother she is for abandoning Bran and Rickon which is just... not true.All of these things might seem like minor changes, but there are specific shades of meaning and nuances and complexity in the original text that I think were lost in the adaptation to screen and I just don't understand why those changes were made. The only reason I can see is that the writers don't fully understand Catelyn as a character and subsequently those changes didn't seem like all that big of a deal. But I guess that to me, as someone who loves the character in the books, those changes just really stood out to me and didn't sit well with me at all.So...you think Cat is awesome and HBO is making her look less awesome?I hated her from the books and actually like her on the show.
596	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-05	They reduced her character in service of the male.  They took a huge theme of the books and changed the storyline to actively validate what the entire arc was critiquing.They took away Catelyn's agency and they made her a reactive character rather than a proactive character.And no amount of trotting out your stars to say how strong the women are or how feminist the books are will make this anything but bullshit.I agree that the HBO PTB have marginalized TVCat, but I still have hope that they will build her back up as the season progresses.  Season 1 saw a number of changes to her character so as to build alternative characters, and because it is TV, I can understand it.  I simply don't care for the theory which supports that it must be done.There was nothing necessary about the changes to Cat's character.  It didn't need to happen to feature Robb more, it doesn't facilitate the plot more easily.  It's just a validation of some of the sexist reasons that people hate Cat (not all reasons are sexist, but the ones they are validating are).I don't know what they can do about it now other than have her change her mind and insist on staying with Robb once Winterfell falls.  That is the least they can do at this point.So far, it appears that strength in women (on HBO) is to be largely found in the Cercei/Dany wheelhouse, with a sprinkling of Melisandre thrown in for exotic good measure.  Cat, by comparison, is not gorgeous (Cercei), young and of royal birth (Dany), or of exotic environs, matched by history and appearance (Melisandre).  Cat, sadly, is just a noble woman, a mother of five.  Pains me to type it but she's just not "sexy" enough as it is commonly defined by the greater audience demographic, be it TV or novels.  And when I watched the "You Live or You Die" trailer, I got the distinct feeling that while GRRM may have loved Catelyn Stark, that affection is not shared by the current producers in equal measure.  They spoke of strong women, in fact mentioned everyone save Catelyn, and the only mention of Cat was in the juxtaposition between Cercei and Catelyn as mothers going to great lengths to secure the safety of their children. The result?  Catelyn is spayed, sexually, mentally, and soon enough, physically.  It's bullshit, but there it is.Treating with Renly/Stannis was Catelyn's idea, FTR.  While she was speaking with The Blackfish, it is she that suggests the need for distraction, and The Blackfish who agrees that her's is a viable tactic.  Robb's involvement does not come into it outside of giving her leave to act.Ultimately, I imagine there should be some audience/reader unrest when the character you find most interesting, realistic, etc., is not the centerpiece.  For me, I am disappointed that HBO is playing to cliche, the easier path to be certain, with Cat.  I'm not suggesting she be presented as a MILF, but having her so completely sexually neutral is unfair, as well.  And it's not like Michelle Fairley is an unattractive woman.  Thin, yes.  Unattractive, no.  But maybe that's just me.And this is all another excellent point.  It's clear that HBO gets sexy evil queen Cersei, sexy evil witch Melisandre, sexy dragon queen Dany, and tomboy Arya.  Anyone who thinks that getting some kinds of women eradicates any possibility of sexism is naive.  Joss Whedon may have done great with Zoe Washburne on Firefly, but that doesn't mean he didn't write some problematic bullshit for Inara Serra.Pop culture already accepts girls who like boy things.  Pop culture already has a million evil queens.  Wanting a cookie or a gold star for that in 2012 is just dating yourself.  The utter inability to see past the approximate stereotypes around Catelyn's character speaks poorly of their grasp of Martin's feminist themes, no matter how big they talk outside the show.  If they love how multifaceted Cat is, why erase the facets.  Money needs to be where their mouths are.
597	oba	2012-04-05	Where in the books does Catelyn suggest this to Robb? We see Catelyn and the Blackfish discussing the need to make Lord Twyin venture out of Harrenhal and both mention Renly. When next we see Catelyn, she's been dispatched by Robb to treat with Renly though she resisted and wished to remain at Riverrun with her dying father. There's nothing to suggest that she gave the idea to Robb, or that Robb and his captains hadn't already had the idea of seeking the alliance. After all, it's hardly a masterstroke of strategy to see the enemy of one's enemy as a potential friend.That's not entirely correct. From Book 2:"We have some time yet before we must face them. This lot will be sellswords, freeriders, and green boys from the stews of Lannisport. Ser Stafford must see that they are armed and drilled before he dare risk battle . . . and make no mistake, Lord Tywin is not the Kingslayer. He will not rush in heedless. He will wait patiently for Ser Stafford to march before he stirs from behind the walls of Harrenhal.""Unless . . ." said Catelyn."Yes?" Ser Brynden prompted."Unless he must leave Harrenhal," she said, "to face some other threat."Her uncle looked at her thoughtfully. "Lord Renly.""King Renly." If she would ask help from the man, she would need to grant him the style he had claimed for himself."Perhaps." The Blackfish smiled a dangerous smile. "He'll want something, though.""He'll want what kings always want," she said. "Homage."Catelyn is the first one who thinks of treating with Renly.  Robb is the one who persuades her that she's the best choice to actually do the negotiating.
598	Silmarien	2012-04-05	What the writers seem to be doing with Catelyn is really upsetting me. In the original text, she was a pragmatic feudal lady with keen political insights, whose less competent teenaged son pushed her aside and wanted her to go away and leave him alone. A teenaged son who was portrayed as generally politically inept, and whose chest-thumping refusal to trade the Kingslayer for his sisters enabled the Red Wedding, a Lannister power grab through Sansa, and a Bolton power grab through a false Arya. The way that she has been adapted for the screen is, frankly, sexist. She was a politically smart and ambitious woman who was ignored for merely being a woman while a young teen ruined their House through misplaced trust and naivetA©. She is hated by fans for, well, being a politically smart and ambitious woman who interferes with the male â<U+0080><U+009C>heroesâ<U+0080><U+009D> and points out their poor decisions instead of going back to her babies where she belongs. So the way HBO decides to adapt her is to make Robb recite her lines from the book that show political insight, remove her from the table where the political decisions are being made, and validate all the misogyny being directed her way by having this adapted character say that her place is back with her babies (because, of course, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s where a good woman belongs and should want to be!). In the books, she was *right* in almost every call she made â<U+0080><U+0094> but her opinions are dismissed because she is a woman and Robb is 1) a rebellious teen; and, 2) has embraced some of the ingrained sexism of his society and doesn't want his bannermen to see him taking advice from Mom. The commentary here, which passes straight over the heads of a lot of fans, is really genius. If Robb *had* listened to mommy, House Stark would not have been demolished the way it was. And the writers chose to not only ignore that, but to diminish the female character so as to pump up the male â<U+0080><U+0094> in a way that completely validates the misogyny targeting the character (a good womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies and not involved in politics â<U+0080><U+0093> in fact, if sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s involved in politics at all, it should be reluctantly!) but that also misses the point of the entire arc. My honest-to-God reaction was, WTF are you doing HBO? Catelyn's plotline deals heavily with themes of sexism. After Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s execution, she was calling for peace while the men around her chose war (and devastated the North and the Riverlands). Robb wanted her to go back to Bran and Rickon but she wanted to stay with him, where the future of their family was being decided. It was her idea to visit Renly to attempt to make an alliance, not Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. She wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t entirely against sending an envoy to Balon, just not Theon. She wanted Ned to go south to become Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Hand. Now, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been downgraded. One assumes that the reasons for it are three-fold: 1) To pump up Robb and make him sexier to the audiences instead of portrying the tragic boy king in over his head that he actually was; 2) to make her more palatable to audiences (because a womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies, doncha know); and 3) to amend Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s characterization as she gets the storyline of a son who has slipped her control instead. Congratulations on either completely missing the entire point of a character arc and plotline or demonstrating a stupendous level of sexism, all while validating the misogyny that permeates this fandom.Actually Catelyn laments that she is treating with Renly in her chapter.  It was Robb's idea to send her away - she'd have rather stayed by him and by her dying father, in the books.I do dislike that they left out her advice to NOT SEND THEON to treat with Balon Greyjoy.  And it was strange for her to say she wanted to go home.  But I don't think it's fair to judge HBO as misogynist yet after only ONE episode - remember that trailer scene with her and Littlefinger?  We don't know where her arc is going yet - I for one am not going to judge HBO as misogynist about Catelyn until I've seen more like 6-7 episodes.Judging HBO on one episode is just silly.  Besides, with the age gap, it's difficult for them to justify her constantly advising Robb (ie micromanaging, not in a broad sense - she still is an advisor and should remain one) or constantly criticizing his potential mistakes - he is 17-18, not 14.
					
					
							Edited by Silmarien, 05 April 2012 - 02:14 PM.
599	fauxkaren	2012-04-05	So...you think Cat is awesome and HBO is making her look less awesome?I hated her from the books and actually like her on the show.That's about the short of it, yes. I think that HBO is watering down Catelyn and taking away some of the things that I loved about her in the book. Book!Cat is a really wonderful and complex character, and I feel like HBO is simplifying her and I'm a bit disappointed.
600	David Selig	2012-04-05	Actually Catelyn laments that she is treating with Renly in her chapter.  It was Robb's idea to send her away - she'd have rather stayed by him and by her dying father, in the books.I do dislike that they left out her advice to NOT SEND THEON to treat with Balon Greyjoy.  And it was strange for her to say she wanted to go home.  But I don't think it's fair to judge HBO as misogynist yet after only ONE episode - remember that trailer scene with her and Littlefinger?  We don't know where her arc is going yet - I for one am not going to judge HBO as misogynist about Catelyn until I've seen more like 6-7 episodes.Judging HBO on one episode is just silly.  Besides, with the age gap, it's difficult for them to justify her constantly advising Robb (ie micromanaging, not in a broad sense - she still is an advisor and should remain one) or constantly criticizing his potential mistakes - he is 17-18, not 14. There was a whole previous season in which Catelyn was a main character.  Nobody is basing his/her opinion on just one problematic episode .
601	Shienberg	2012-04-05	The books are the source. The TV show is a different entity. You'll enjoy it more if you accept that.
602	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-05	Judging HBO on one episode is just silly.  Besides, with the age gap, it's difficult for them to justify her constantly advising Robb (ie micromanaging, not in a broad sense - she still is an advisor and should remain one) or constantly criticizing his potential mistakes - he is 17-18, not 14.Do you think it's difficult to justify Davos constantly advising Stannis or criticizing his potential mistakes?Or do you think maybe Martin repeatedly shows how Stannis accepts Davos' counsel, not despite but because the truth is not always what he wants to hear, because an actual mature, secure and wise king listens to advice no matter the source?Do you think Stannis is less manly because he admits he needs Davos?  Robb is more manly for not needing Cat?
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 05 April 2012 - 05:40 PM.
603	Brewmaster	2012-04-05	The point that Cat's most ardent supporters seem to overlook is that its simply human nature to read and respond to things in a certain manner.
I am not a "Cat hater", from the book, but she's not my favorite and I did need a second read to get to the point where I understood her better.
When I say that Cat's actions need rationalizing more so than other characters, I'm not even speaking about the deeds themselves, necessarily, but how the books are written.
For example, when I point out that its only natural for readers to dislike Cat, because of her issues with Jon and the capture of Tyrion, early on in the book, among the defenses of Cat in this thread are that we only know that Cat is making a mistake with Tyrion because we have information, from other POVs that Cat lacks.
Well that's true, but it completely misses the point. We DO have that information and you can't take it away from us. I get what Cat's supporters think, but it takes a deeper level of reading into the story than is natural for most people to do. Readers aren't going to operate under the assumption that they don't know what's going on. Nobody reads like that.
This is not about misogyny, this is about human nature. And its natural for people to have negative reactions to characters that do wrong to other characters they like.
Its also pretty much human nature to root for the underdog. Jon, as a bastard with little status, is seen as an underdog early on. Tyrion, definitely the same.
Its also human nature to "pick sides". Cat is both set up against Jon and against Tyrion early on.
Its also human nature that first impressions are hard to overcome. Yes, Jaime overcomes his for many readers...it takes a lot of character change for that to overcome that impression. As the Cat supporters will tell you, Cat doesn't change nor should she, since she doesn't even have anything to apologize for.
That is a lot for Cat to overcome and it should not be a surprise that she is not liked. Again, it has absolutely nothing to do with misogyny, it has to do with the hand she was dealt (or written with). Most readers aren't going to bother to really understand her motives after the early impressions they are left with. I didn't really understand her motives until a second read, knowing how everything would turn out.
Cat supporters here kind of want to have things both ways, because they don't want her blamed for things that spiraled out of control after Tyrion's capture, or the Red Wedding and what followed Jaime's release. Now having read the books multiple times, I completely agree that Cat's actions have less impact than they are often blamed for. But just like a reader knowing that Tyrion was being unjustly kidnapped, it takes outside POV and other book knowledge before you can realize that Cat's actions don't have as big of an effect. You don't know how much other players of the game are working behind the scenes and it takes a while to piece the puzzle together.
The end result is that, at those times in the books when Cat takes these actions, and when the consequences hit home, the typical first time reader (with all the knowledge that entails, that Cat doesn't have) will see them as Cat's fault as much, if not more, than anybody else.
Yes, with careful reading, Cat can be completely understand and justified. But it simply takes a level of reading and understanding that is not natural for most readers, particularly on first read, and certainly not for most TV watchers either, without being privy to the wealth of internal dialogue characters have.
Those of us on this forum are, for the most part, avid fans of the book series who don't mind reading it over and over. But the percentage of people that re-read a book series is small, and TV shows should not made to be understood on 2nd or 3rd viewing. The choice to make Cat more likable wasn't about sexism, it was about the problems in understanding her on a first read/watch.
604	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-05	That you can't understand a character does not ever ever excuse expressing that lack of understanding or sympathy in sexist ways.  I don't personally understand how anyone could blame everything all on Catelyn, even on my first read.  I don't see how anyone could blame the Red Wedding on Cat especially before blaming it on Robb.  I don't see how that is too hard at all to expect for a reader, unless you limit a reader's intelligence.  I never saw a single thing as all Cat's fault.  It was quite obvious to me that I was reading a story that embraced the nature of history to be about multiple causes and multiple effects.It is perfectly possible to say "I can't get over her treatment of Jon" without saying "she's the wicked stepmother trope incarnate".  It's perfectly possible to say "I thought arresting Tyrion was a mistake" instead of "Catelyn started the war it is all her fault".  It is perfectly possible to say "Her thoughts are too depressing" instead of "She's a whiny bitch."  It is perfectly possible to say "Releasing Jaime was foolish" instead of singling her out from the entire cast of characters as being emotional.  It is perfectly possible to dislike her without saying she belongs only back in the kitchen.  That is not too much to ask of reasonable adults.  Find her a difficult character?  Okay.  Express your difficulties by falling back on sexist attitudes?  Not okay.And since this thread is about HBO's handling of Cat: they took out "It should have been you", which is huge, they added warm scenes with her other kids in the first episode, and people respond well to Michelle Fairley.  They won't have to read her depressive thoughts because of the medium change.  They didn't change the fact that she arrested Tyrion, and they probably won't change that she releases Jaime, so those are moot.And if the rationale here is that it is okay for HBO to validate sexist attitudes by showing that Cat is a good mom because she wants to go home, that's just not okay.  Neither was silencing her contributions as the only woman in warroom in the King in the North scene.  None of these "A woman knows her place" things ought to make people like her better, and pandering to those attitudes is, no matter how you cut it, wrong.  Sexist and wrong.  Just because it works doesn't make it right.If Catelyn made a big mistake (letting Jaime go), and Robb made a big mistake (marrying Jeyne), and then Robb on top of that ignores some of Catelyn's good advice, but Cat doesn't even have the power to ignore any of Robb's good advice, there's really no justification for validating the idea that he doesn't need her. Thus, there is really nothing Catelyn needs to be ashamed of for insisting that she stay.  This is compounded and not undercut by the results: Bran and Rickon would have been safe if Robb had not let Theon go, as she suggested.  Sansa and Arya would not currently be usable pawns as claims to the north if Robb had made the trade for Jaime legally, as she suggested.  Everyone makes mistakes.  But saying that Catelyn needs to be changed because of them, but not Robb, except in ways that actually give him credit for Cat's ideas, is just unfair.  It is unfair.
605	Brewmaster	2012-04-05	Nice straw man. You put in quotes a bunch of things that nobody in this argument said about Cat, so I'm not sure with whom you are arguing.
606	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-05	Those are common things people say about Cat's character.  You talked about public opinion of Cat, those opinions include the above.  I'm not trying to argue your opinion of Cat, the purpose of my post is to say that people (not you, because you were not talking about your opinion, or this thread in specific, you were talking about public opinion).  You are saying that it's human nature to dislike Cat.  I am saying that human nature is not an excuse for the particulars in which way dislike of Cat is expressed.  Nor is it an excuse for HBO to validate the sexist portions of Catelyn's PR problems.
Some of the reasons you gave for people disliking Cat were/are not going to be changed by HBO anyway.  Some are ameliorated by the medium change itself.  Some have already been changed in proportionate response to non-sexist complaints about Cat.  Then there are those things that have been changed that are simply not necessary and ought not be pandered to.
If my use of "you" confused you then I apologize.  I meant the generalized "you" as in "one", not you in particular.
					
					
							Edited by Xerox in 4 Parts, 05 April 2012 - 07:19 PM.
607	int11	2012-04-05	Pray tell, why didn't anyone listen to Gray Wind? His advice was as prudent as anyone's. At the gatehouse towers of the Twins he growls, leaps forward, snarls and refuses to listen to Robb's commands. Then he starts howling and bares his teeth and doesn't want to join.
For what it's worth I only read the books once, and I felt for Catelyn just as I did for many other characters (Jon, Tyrion, Jamie ... it will probably take a while before I forgive Theon, though, but I found his internal struggle extremely interesting and praise GRRM for that.) That she wasn't on Jon's or Tyrion's "team" didn't change that, and I always wanted Robb not to underestimate her advice (no, he doesn't always do that). She certainly gives the story more depth than a fly on the wall would, and in other ways than those I feel are portrayed in the TV show. I don't really care, though; the viewers will miss a lot of cool stuff, and that's why I always recommend the books to my friends before recommending the show.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 05 April 2012 - 08:06 PM.
608	Honey Badger	2012-04-05	Not feeling the sexism angle, so going to ignore it.
For the Catelyn changes, I think they just want her more likable, which is the wrong path to take in my opinion.  She is rightfully disliked for pushing Ned to be Hand, touching off the conflict by taking Tyrion, and freeing the Kingslayer.  There's a lot of sympathy to be had as she's suffered, but I don't think the writers needed to change her.  Although Martin is said to have helped with guiding the show and writing one episode per season.  He probably approved this, just like how he likes how Robb is now getting a more fleshed out character than in the books.
609	StarkBlack21	2012-04-05	What the writers seem to be doing with Catelyn is really upsetting me. In the original text, she was a pragmatic feudal lady with keen political insights, whose less competent teenaged son pushed her aside and wanted her to go away and leave him alone. A teenaged son who was portrayed as generally politically inept, and whose chest-thumping refusal to trade the Kingslayer for his sisters enabled the Red Wedding, a Lannister power grab through Sansa, and a Bolton power grab through a false Arya.The way that she has been adapted for the screen is, frankly, sexist. She was a politically smart and ambitious woman who was ignored for merely being a woman while a young teen ruined their House through misplaced trust and naivetA©. She is hated by fans for, well, being a politically smart and ambitious woman who interferes with the male â<U+0080><U+009C>heroesâ<U+0080><U+009D> and points out their poor decisions instead of going back to her babies where she belongs.So the way HBO decides to adapt her is to make Robb recite her lines from the book that show political insight, remove her from the table where the political decisions are being made, and validate all the misogyny being directed her way by having this adapted character say that her place is back with her babies (because, of course, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s where a good woman belongs and should want to be!).In the books, she was *right* in almost every call she made â<U+0080><U+0094> but her opinions are dismissed because she is a woman and Robb is 1) a rebellious teen; and, 2) has embraced some of the ingrained sexism of his society and doesn't want his bannermen to see him taking advice from Mom. The commentary here, which passes straight over the heads of a lot of fans, is really genius. If Robb *had* listened to mommy, House Stark would not have been demolished the way it was.And the writers chose to not only ignore that, but to diminish the female character so as to pump up the male â<U+0080><U+0094> in a way that completely validates the misogyny targeting the character (a good womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies and not involved in politics â<U+0080><U+0093> in fact, if sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s involved in politics at all, it should be reluctantly!) but that also misses the point of the entire arc. My honest-to-God reaction was, WTF are you doing HBO?Catelyn's plotline deals heavily with themes of sexism. After Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s execution, she was calling for peace while the men around her chose war (and devastated the North and the Riverlands). Robb wanted her to go back to Bran and Rickon but she wanted to stay with him, where the future of their family was being decided. It was her idea to visit Renly to attempt to make an alliance, not Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. She wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t entirely against sending an envoy to Balon, just not Theon. She wanted Ned to go south to become Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Hand.Now, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been downgraded. One assumes that the reasons for it are three-fold: 1) To pump up Robb and make him sexier to the audiences instead of portrying the tragic boy king in over his head that he actually was; 2) to make her more palatable to audiences (because a womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies, doncha know); and 3) to amend Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s characterization as she gets the storyline of a son who has slipped her control instead.Congratulations on either completely missing the entire point of a character arc and plotline or demonstrating a stupendous level of sexism, all while validating the misogyny that permeates this fandom.Whoa! Let's not forget it was Catelyn's stupidity that started this war. First, Ned told her, let him handle it and don't do anything rash. What does she do? Snatch Tyrion. Then instead of taking Tyrion to Winterfell, where she would've had all the leverage and advantage with the whole North behind her, she goes and takes him to Lysa. Through Tyrion's wits, Cat loses him. And now she started a whole damn war -- that got her husband killed, and put her whole family in danger. And let's not forget it made Tywin Lannister raise hell and burn through her homeland, the Riverlands, and put them into a war -- leading to the rape and murders of several of the smallfolk.And in one of the stupidest moves in history, this woman gave up the most prized hostage, behind her son's back -- sending Jamie Lannister home was a death sentence for Robb -- regardless of what he did for the Freys. The leverage was holding Jamie! She was going to trust the Lannisters to be honorable and return Sansa? Jesus!Robb may not be the brightest politically, but let's not forget he gets some of his stupidity from his mother, Cat, who started the war of 5 KINGS.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 05 April 2012 - 11:52 PM.
610	birdsong66	2012-04-06	Robb made not be the brightest politically, but let's not forget he gets some of his stupidity from his mother, Cat, who started the war of 5 KINGS.Damn, Why stop there?  Lets blame it on Areys, who slew Rickard and Brandon Stark, and Rhegar who "kidnapped" Lyanna, who touched off the rebellion with Robert, who married a Lannister, whose House gained influence and power, who counts as a member Jaime, who tossed Brandon, the younger, out a window, who fathered and incestuous child, Joffrey, with his sister, who made a second attempt to kill Brandon, the younger, and who beheaded the Lord of Winterfell, which caused Robb to call his banners, naming himself king of the North, a kingdom separate  from the Seven, simultaneously to both Renly and Stannis naming themselves rightful heirs....and now we have the War of 5 Kings proper.Didn't even have to mention Catelyn to arrive at the same conclusion.Obviously, I have no reading comprehension skills at all.Because it's all Catelyn's fault.
611	Howdyphillip	2012-04-06	As I have argued for countless hours, I thought that Catelyn Stark made several mistakes in mothering her children. My opinion has been debated endlessly. I wish the show would have kept the character as she was rather than making all of these significant changes because it brings about good dialogue one way or the other.
I would also like to point out that the changes in her TV character happened immediately. She was the one trying to convince Ned to go to KL in the books, and Ned wanted to stay. The series reversed this.
612	chavalah	2012-04-06	And in one of the stupidest moves in history, this woman gave up the most prized hostage, behind her son's back -- sending Jamie Lannister home was a death sentence for Robb -- regardless of what he did for the Freys. The leverage was holding Jamie! She was going to trust the Lannisters to be honorable and return Sansa? Jesus!Robb may not be the brightest politically, but let's not forget he gets some of his stupidity from his mother, Cat, who started the war of 5 KINGS.I just don't see why holding Jaime had any sway over the Red Wedding--which Tywin was planning before he knew anything about what happened.  If Jaime were still a prisoner, he would have been left at Riverrun and Robb and his army would still be killed at the Twins.  Once the northern army was decimated it was only a matter of time before the Lannisters seized control of Riverrun.  That had nothing specific to do with whether Jaime was a prisoner or free; it's just numbers and dead kings.Let's have some fairness here.  Catelyn released a "hostage" in Jaime...Robb released a "hostage" in Theon, which caused the domino effect of his home being besieged, his brothers' alleged murders, and marrying Jeyne, which turned the Freys against him in the first place.  The refrain of "Cat started the war" appears everywhere, despite the fact that there is countless bits of evidence of other people knowingly or unknowingly contributing to the civil unrest.  Robb's actions and decisions had far more effect in leading to the deaths of most of his army, his brothers for all he knew, and his mother.  And yet no one calls him a kinslayer.Interesting to note that even when having some polar opposite feelings on Cat, many people here wish her tv portrayal was more true to the books.  At least we can agree on something. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Wouldn't have thought it on the subject of Catelyn Stark!
613	Morrigan	2012-04-06	That gave the Lannisters the reason they needed to declare war on the Riverlands so yes, she affected tons of people's lives.We were talking about her decision to free Jaime.... /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />
614	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-06	We were talking about her decision to free Jaime.... /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />I'm usually reading the forum on several tabs at a time and I must have mixed some threads up since I have otherwise no idea how I went from writing about the correct thing to switching topic. Sorry about that.But I still see it as a big blunder since there's no remotely logical reason to give away your, by far, biggest bargaining chip to instead hope on the good will of the Lannisters. With Jaime captured the northerners had some security if the war started to go less well. Without him they had no such thing and Sansa and Arya became stronger cards in the enemy's hand.It's understandable from her current mind-set and a great move for the story, not least because it starts the POV of my perhaps favorite character, but it was a hope for herself and a devastating one for the rest of the North.
615	Dead Viper	2012-04-06	I don't really care how the show differs from the books as long as it's an enjoyable show.
Daenerys seems to be getting the opposite treatment (stronger character) and no one is praising HBO for that. Robb needs to be portrayed as a hero character. If Catelyn has to be contained to accomplish that I'm okay with it. The story itself is not yet strong enough to attract viewers without such a character present. Killing off Ned left a big hole which needs to be filled for the viewers. I look forward to seeing Robb as the leader he couldn't be in the books.
Catelyn does mistakes, as most characters in the series. She didn't start the war, but the kidnapping of Tyrion had severe consequences for the Stark family and the people of the Riverlands. If Tyrion wasn't kidnapped, Tywin most likely would've gone to Kings Landing with his host. His presence there would for one have saved Ned's life.
I don't like Catelyn, but her actions have been critical in shaping the series. I appreciate her character, but I don't like her.
616	Maria Underfoot	2012-04-06	Catelyn is not my favorite character, but I strongly believe that her chapters were interesting and very well-written. She portrays both the grief-stricken mother and widow, in a most moving and sweet way (Her thoughts sometimes brought tears to my eyes, and I'm not even a mom yet), but also the very politically able and shrewd woman who wants to actively help her son, not get back to breastfeeding and cooking at Winterfell.That being said, I don't know why so many people hate her, or why they blame her for causing the war! The Lannisters slept together, which would eventually be known, and would invoke Robert's anger and thus a war between Lannisters and Baratheons, in which the Starks would be forced to participate. And then Jaime pushed Bran. Let's not forget Lysa's part in the war. So my point is: even if Catelyn hadn't abducted Tyrion, Starks would still blame the Lannisters for both Bran's fall and Jon Arryn's death, Ned would eventually find out about the twincest, and voila, we have a war. And it's Robb who makes the fatal mistake by marrying Jeyne. Cat did nothing but speed things up a bit, but if we consider her position when Tyrion recognized her at the inn, it's no wonder she reacted the way she did. Her only flaw is her hatred for Jon, but who wouldn't hate being reminded of their husband's infidelity and indifference to their own person?  After that, she's been nothing short of an invaluable guide and advisor to Robb: probably the only one who he can fully trust.  There's no need to point out the wisdom of her advice, many of you've already done that excellently. Just to sum them up:-She brings the Freys over to Robb's cause.-She suggests being the envoy to Renly, a plan which could have worked brilliantly if not for a certain red priestess.-She advises Robb against Theon's going to Pyke. Had Robb listened to her advice, Winterfell would still be whole.-She reminds Robb to drink and eat at the FreysAnd many others. Her words in general make her out to be a smart, capable, honest and realistic person.Now, the point of the thread is not whether Cat is a nice character or not, and I apologise for making it a debate on that. (I promise, I'll behave /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)So, I completely agree with you. She is being undermined to a frail and unpolitical mother, whose only capacity is taking care of her smaller children, not helping her eldest, grown-up, hero-like son. She wishes to be with her babies, cause she thinks that she's no valuable help for Robb, and the sad part is that she admits that herself. Robb treats her like he owns her, while in the book, when they were alone, it was her who had the upper hand. The plan of going to Renly ought to have been her idea.I'm not loving that they're presenting Robb like this total hero. Handsome, strong, cheeky, fearless, almost arrogant. I also disliked Robb's scene with Jaime. Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kinglsayer, is not afraid of anything, let alone a teenager who has the need to boast about his victories.Having said all that, I think we should give the show the chance to contradict us.
					
					
							Edited by Maria Underfoot, 06 April 2012 - 01:42 PM.
617	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-06	Cat was a fool for letting Jaime and Tyrion slip through her fingers.
618	Honey Badger	2012-04-06	I just don't see why holding Jaime had any sway over the Red Wedding--which Tywin was planning before he knew anything about what happened. If Jaime were still a prisoner, he would have been left at Riverrun and Robb and his army would still be killed at the Twins. Once the northern army was decimated it was only a matter of time before the Lannisters seized control of Riverrun. That had nothing specific to do with whether Jaime was a prisoner or free; it's just numbers and dead kings.Plus remember when Tywin started referring to Tyrion as his son.  He was operating under the assumption that Jaime was bound to die.  Personally, if I were a Stark, I would have had Bolton start in on Jaime and not stop until it was over and Robb could hack off his head.  Ned was executed despite the promise of the Wall, and Bran was thrown out of a tower.  Even if it meant Sansa's life, I would have turned it into a full on bloodfeud using Jaime as the example.  The North is a hard place, so they would have understood the execution.  However, in gentlemanly King's Landing, the Lannisters would have lost support if they tortured and killed Sansa, so it's more likely they would have kept her alive as a bargaining chip.
619	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-07	To be honest, I really don't mind that Cat's role has been...altered. It makes sense that, if Robb is getting more screen time (a decision I'm fine with), Catelyn gets slightly less. I don't dislike her, but I think a slightly less intense role will work for the show. Also, if any of the writers picked up on the (unfair) amount of Cat bashing that goes on, they may have felt the need to tone her down a bit.
If this means we don't get to see the "there is no creature so pitiful as an ugly girl" side of her, she'll be a hell of a lot more popular.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 07 April 2012 - 07:30 AM.
620	Lord Varys	2012-04-07	The real problem with Catelyn is:
What are they going to do with her after Bran and Rickon are believed dead? She is already nothing but housewife and mother, so I'm not sure how this devastating blow is going to influence/change her behavior/character.
Catelyn in the books did change during the series. She started as a caring wife/mother and ambitious Lady of Winterfell. In the series she is just a worried mother. That sucks, but I have learned to live with it in season 1.
Cat not trusting Balon Greyjoy is okay in my opinion, since this does actually show more political acumen than book-Cat has in that same situation. Balon would have attacked the North either way. He'd not have cared about Theon being a Stark hostage. He had already decided that Asha would be his heir. And knowing Robb, he would most likely not had the guts to punish Theon for Balon's actions. They were friends of sorts, after all, and Theon had fought at Robb's side in two battles... So sending somebody else as ambassador to Pyke would have changed little.
621	Envie	2012-04-07	Cat not trusting Balon Greyjoy is okay in my opinion, since this does actually show more political acumen than book-Cat has in that same situation. Balon would have attacked the North either way. He'd not have cared about Theon being a Stark hostage. He had already decided that Asha would be his heir. And knowing Robb, he would most likely not had the guts to punish Theon for Balon's actions. They were friends of sorts, after all, and Theon had fought at Robb's side in two battles... So sending somebody else as ambassador to Pyke would have changed little.Again, we all have to keep remembering the constraints the show producers are under when considering why they make changes to a character's script or style that isn't in the books. You made a good observation that Catelyn's warning Robb about not trusting the Greyjoys gave her more political credibility AND helps set up the audience's expectations of the story to come in regards to Theon returning to his Father at Pyke.Book readers have the luxury of far far more background detail regarding Balon Greyjoy, the Ironborn and the history. The show viewers are not getting those details and so they need a more direct way to convey the situation. I think they're doing an ok job with changes to Cat, and despite others opinion she's been weakened, I really believe the series fans who don't read the books see her in a different light altogether. They see her as a parallel force to Cersei. This is the way its explained in the behind-the-scenes interviews with the producers and actors as well. They want a struggle between two Mothers kind of plot to form. Both Mothers have had strong moments and weak moments. Both have made serious mistakes that end up shaping the events to come. I'm not sure why so many people have more issues with the way Catelyn's role plays out over the way Cersei's does. I'm not fond of the actress playing Cersei but she does have some well done scenes and is playing the part well. I actually prefer the actress playing Catelyn and believe she's managed to get people to both admire or dislike her one way or the other which is also how many feel about Cersei too. In that you don't like Catelyn of the series is also a testament to the actor's ability (no one would argue that point about Joffrey anyways).
622	Howdyphillip	2012-04-07	Cat not trusting Balon Greyjoy is okay in my opinion, since this does actually show more political acumen than book-Cat has in that same situation. Balon would have attacked the North either way. He'd not have cared about Theon being a Stark hostage. He had already decided that Asha would be his heir. And knowing Robb, he would most likely not had the guts to punish Theon for Balon's actions. They were friends of sorts, after all, and Theon had fought at Robb's side in two battles... So sending somebody else as ambassador to Pyke would have changed little.Except that no one else but Theon would have attacked Winterfell from the Greyjoy camp. It was too far inland, and could not be provisioned or protected. Theon took it because of his connection to it. Otherwise, it would have been left alone. This was made clear in the books.
623	bloodymime	2012-04-07	GRRM DOES show that she is politically shrewd and competent. She knows what the Freys want and thus is able to treat with them and make the deal that allows Robb to cross the Twins.I guess I'm not political at all because I never understood how giving a minor house like Frey EVERYTHING he wanted could be considered shrewd and competent. To me shrewd and competent would have been to settle the deal with the wards, the squire and one Stark. A less shrewd and less comeptent deal would have perhaps been the wards, the squire along with Arya and Rickon married off to Freys but still surely not the Lord of Winterfell let alone the King of the North. You don't use one of your biggest chips on the first obstacle you come across. Compare Renly's marriage alliance with Robb's and it's absolutely ridiculous to the point that even later Cat wishes Robb wasn't wasted on the Freys so they could make an offer for Margaery.At least Frey did treat them to a dinner after bending them over so badly, but really, has a king ever been married for less political gain.I honestly can't see Cat especially as a Tully sell Robb for so little to one of her family's freaking bannermen. That really had to be one of those things written in just to set up the red wedding.
624	Ran	2012-04-07	Robb's efforts would have been completely wasted without the Freys. Robb knew it, Catelyn knew it... and Walder Frey knew it.
And marrying one of the great houses of the riverlands -- however new and disreputable, the Freys are a solidly "second tier" house -- is not, really, a bad thing. Who else is Robb going to marry, really? No Lannister, no Greyjoy, no Arryn, no Baratheon, no Tully... there's basically Arianne in Dorne, which no one ever thinks about for even a second, and then there's Margaery Tyrell but that was basically never going to happen since Mace aspired to have ties to the Iron Throne, basically, which Robb did not in fact aspire to (nor should he have).
Maegor the Cruel married a Westerling, Aegon III Dragonbane married a Velaryon, and so on and so forth. Not all marriages need be hugely valuable in the long-run -- sometimes they're made for short-term and expedient goals, and you just deal with not having the option on the table down the road.
625	Stark@heart	2012-04-07	The need to secure Robb's passage was indeed great but I agree with bloodymime.  You don't marry off the King in the North before he's even begun to rule.  Robb had a serious war to wage with all the Starks lives and the lives of his bannermen hanging in the balance.  Not an idea time to be distracted by thoughts of an unknown bride that awaits you.  I think its GRRM showing that while Catelyn has good intentions they usually go bad.   Maybe it's a Tully trait.  I'm thinking of Edmure here and mayhaps Hoster as well.  His taking of young Peter as a ward is one of many paths that lead us up to the Red Wedding.
626	Alexia	2012-04-07	Not only was Robb not going anywhere without Lord Walder's support, which he was giving at a price (since you know, treason to the crown and aiding rebellion) Robb wasn't king of anything at the time the marriage alliance was made.  He wasn't even the Lord of Winterfell yet as Ned was still alive; he was marching south with the intention of attempting to free the actual Lord of Winterfell.  And he would not have become king of anything without Lord Walder's initial support, either. And HBO still had Catelyn broker the marriage alliance, which it seems Robb still is responsible for breaking (at least from the promos I've seen).
627	Alexia	2012-04-07	"We must have the Twins, Mother," Robb said heatedly.  "There is no other way across the river.  You know that.""Yes.  And so does Walder Frey, you can be sure of that."ANDI must have that crossing," Robb declared, fuming.  "Oh, our horses might be able to swim the river, I suppose, but not with armored men on their backs.  We'd need to build rafts to pole our steel across, helms and mail and lances, and we don't have the trees for that.  Or the time.  Lord Tywin is marching north..."  He balled his hand into a fist."Lord Frey would be a fool to try and bar our way," Theon Greyjoy said with his customary easy confidence.  "We have five times his numbers.  You can take the Twins if you need to, Robb.""Not easily," Catelyn warned them, "and not in time.  While you were mounting your siege, Tywin Lannister would bring up his host and assault you from the rear."AND"The Freys have held the crossing for six hundred years, and for six hundred years they have never failed to exact their toll.""What toll?  What does he want?"She smiled.  "That is what we must discover.""And what if I do not chose to pay this toll?""Then you had best retreat back to Moat Cailin, deploy to meet Lord Tywin in battle... or grow wings.  I see no other choices."AND"Now, what do you want to say?""We want to cross," Catelyn told him."Oh, do you?  That's blunt.  Why should I let you?"Fora moment her anger flared.  "If you were strong enough to climb your own battlements, Lord Frey, you would see that my son has twenty thousand men outside your wals.""They'll be twenty thousand fresh corpses when Lord Tywin gets here," the old man shot back.  "Don't you try and frighten me, my lady.  Your husband's in some traitor's cell under the Red Keep, your father's sick, might be dying, and Jaime Lannister's got your brother in chains.  What do you have that I should fear?  That son of yours?  I'll match you son for son, and I'll still have eighteen when yours are all dead.""You swore an oath to my father," Catelyn reminded him.He bobbed his head side to side, smiling.  "Oh, yes, I said some words, but I swore oaths to the crown too, it seems to me.  Joffrey's the king now and that makes you and your boy and all those fools out there no better than rebels.  If I had the sense the gods gave a fish, I'd help the Lannisters boil you all."
628	bloodymime	2012-04-07	Man my sense of timeline is all off there. Been too long since I've read Game of Thrones but it still doesn't change my opinion that it didn't show much shrewdness or competence giving the glorified toll booth attendants everything they wanted. The heir of Winterfell is still more then Frey could have ever hoped for and you don't let the salesman sell you a used pinto with flat tires just because he doesn't have a porsche on the lot.
629	David Selig	2012-04-08	The Starks were in a bad negotiating position at the time, they were screwed if Lord Frey had simply closed his gates and didn't let them pass. with Tywin's huge army in their back. Their only chance to do anything in the South military besides going home scared of Tywin's army was to get the Freys on their side and Lord Walder knew it. That's why he could demand a lot and why getting only a promises for two marriages in return for 4000 soldiers and letting the army pass at a crucial time was a very good deal.
630	bloodymime	2012-04-08	Perhaps going to the rescue of Tully lands was the only worthwhile military objective on the continet, I'm sure Cat would think so anyways. Perhaps the only  negotiating strategy possible was to send a single woman in to secure crossing, Cat though so anyways and what boy is going to think his mother is wrong.
Even if those truly are the only choices available it still doesn't change the fact that it takes neither shrewdness nor competence to give up so much for a ferry ride across a river, it just takes a willingness to be taken advantage of.
631	heartofgold	2012-04-08	Perhaps going to the rescue of Tully lands was the only worthwhile military objective on the continet, I'm sure Cat would think so anyways. Perhaps the only  negotiating strategy possible was to send a single woman in to secure crossing, Cat though so anyways and what boy is going to think his mother is wrong.Even if those truly are the only choices available it still doesn't change the fact that it takes neither shrewdness nor competence to give up so much for a ferry ride across a river, it just takes a willingness to be taken advantage of.No.  That's a willful misread of the situation.  Rescue of the Tully lands was only a part of the objective in the Northern campaign south.  It is illustrated in the novel (and has been pointed out here -multiple times, now) that crossing The Twins was the ONLY option and Walder Frey held ALL of the power in terms of negotiation.Back to the topic- on rewatch earlier today, I took extra care to note the dialogue in the Cat and Robb scene.  Never once does she actually say, I want to go home, but rather, It's time I go... as if she's resigned to the fact that Robb is not going to take her advice, the girls are secondary in his concern, etc.  There are many more layers there, than are apparent on first viewing -largely due to the performances- and it's actually beautifully written BUT it's still a diluted/tempered Catelyn and a manboy hero (won't say Gary Stu) Robb.  It feels like an oversimplification of characters by a production team that isn't entirely comfortable with the idea of trusting their audience.
					
					
							Edited by heartofgold, 08 April 2012 - 11:15 AM.
632	Lord Orys Baratheon	2012-04-08	I am so glad this thread was started. I think Catelyn's character in the TV show is the worse adaption of any character or story line. Overall the show is very good, but due to being a normal TV show that needs to pander to an average TV audience, the character of Catelyn has been destroyed. In the TV show she comes off as an average typical TV show women; one of the main reasons the GoT books are so great is stereotypical characters are very rare, but that is what Catelyn feel likes to me in the TV show. I don't like Catelyn in the books, but that's based on some of her choices and decisions; overall she is an  interesting, deep, character and a very strong women. The books are so great because people like Catelyns (TV Show) character are almost non existent, and if they do exist they are ridiculed by other characters or they end up being killed. Anyway sorry if this has been mentioned earlier but I had to get that off my chest. Show will still be good, and it's unfortunate that issues like this have to occur, but it is part of the business when adapting books into TV/movies. I just hope people don't watch the show, and see these details, then assume the its is an accurate portrayal of the book. I hope my other fellow book readers will point this out to friend who only watch the TV show.
633	bloodymime	2012-04-08	No.  That's a willful misread of the situation.  Rescue of the Tully lands was only a part of the objective in the Northern campaign south.  It is illustrated in the novel (and has been pointed out here -multiple times, now) that crossing The Twins was the ONLY option and Walder Frey held ALL of the power in terms of negotiation.It's a misread if you want to see Cat in the best light possible instead of bumbling from one disaster to the next and I'm not saying that as hating her, she's the person i sympathise with most in these books. She watches everything fall apart around her and dies thinking her one child left alive is married to the Imp. It's an absolute nightmare and I'm completely hoping for zombie Cat to have serious bloody vengeance for what's been done to her and her family.That said I'm never going to believe what she did was nothing but a shortsighted without a doubt mistake. These are the Starks, Lords of Winterfell and Wardens of the North. The series begins with  Sansa being promised in marriage to the heir to the Iron Throne and continues on throughout the books with everyone making plays for just the chance at her claim to Winterfell. Bolton is willing to use a fake Stark for the name alone and the power it holds and Manderly is willing to pledge fealty to Stannis again on just the chance that Davos can find the Stark heir and bring him home. In contrast the most notable marriage of a Frey I can think of is to a younger Lannister daughter and Tytos Lannister isn't the man I'd emulate if I wanted to be considered a power in Westeros. What Robb needed most was a Tywin willing to stand up and point out what a bloody mistake Cat had made. A promise of marriage to even a lesser Stark male, say Rickon, was more than Frey could have ever hoped for let alone the heir to Winterfell. It's absurd.There's no way I'm going to read an entire series building up the Stark name and how much it matters and not consider what Cat did as anything but a horrible blunder. This isn't even a family she's fond of. The first words out of her mouth concerning the Freys is to never trust them and yet she comes out of negotions with them giving up a promise of marriage to her firstborn and yet again heir to Winterfell. Can't say it enough because it's absolutely ridiculous that it's not only not seen as one of her biggest fumblings but somehow turned around as an example of her political shrewdness. I'd say Robb could have had the same results sending in his wolf to do his negotiating but that wouldn't be true because his wolf actually did find a way around an obstacle that everyone wanted to consider as insurmountable.
634	Robb Stark The Young Wolf	2012-04-08	Yeah I have to agree. Robb and Cat Stark story is really messed up. I am also dissappointed what the hell happened with Tullies,Riverrun?Fact that they still didnt introduce Brynden Tully,Hoster Tully and Edmure is really frustrating. They are very very important in story about Cat and Robb. Cat acted like every mother she wanted her children back but Jaime is much more worth and Robb was right about that. His bannerman would be very angry if that trade happened. Because of Cat desperation and frustration later she lets him go and doesnt get anything.
635	Free Northman	2012-04-11	To make a show that keeps getting renewed, I would start with the following:
Learn from the mistakes of the books - as far as what readers like and don't like is concerned.
Since the number of readers that dislike Catelyn far exceed the number that like her - based on my experience of the board over the last year or so - it would seem to make financial sense to bump Catelyn down and boost the heroic Robb instead.
Hell, I never paritcularly liked Robb in the books, as he came across as too weak for my liking, but I must admit that I am actualy warming to him considerably as portrayed in episode 1 of Season 2.
A kind of Braveheart character appears to be developing.
This is going to be particularly hard hitting when Storm of Swords reaches its conclusion.
636	bloodymime	2012-04-11	I'd hope not, I've always thought as Cat as an excellent illustration in the books about how at times there are just no good choices and have certainly never thought of the way she has been written as a mistake. Family, duty, honor. She's done her best to live up to those words but sometimes no matter how hard you try things end badly.
Plus the actress that plays her looks like she's going to do an excellent job of capturing the tragedy of Cat as everything she loves is taken away. She's one of the few in the show that I feel truly matches the character.
					
					
							Edited by bloodymime, 11 April 2012 - 08:58 PM.
637	birdsong66	2012-04-12	Since the number of readers that dislike Catelyn far exceed the number that like her - based on my experience of the board over the last year or so - it would seem to make financial sense to bump Catelyn down and boost the heroic Robb instead.I think one might be well advised to consider that there are those in the world that have read the novels, watched the series, or both, who neither know about this site, or simply do not engage in active participation before jumping to the bolded assumption.  While it may be your experience, rightly so, it may not be everyone's.As for changes to Catelyn, HBO vs. ASoIF, the writing was on the wall for the character as a cliched "MOTHER" trope, sexless and neutered, when in season 1, D&D chose to present Cat and Ned entwined in bed, fully clothed, rather than naked, basking in post coital bliss.  It was literally the only interaction between the two throughout the novels that confirmed that they engaged in a sexual relationship, and did so for reasons excepting heirs, of which they managed to rack up an impressive number, regardless.  This is not the case with Cercei, Dany, Mel, Asha, etc.  The only other "least likely to be bedded" candidates are Selyse and  Brienne, both of whom are referred to as unnatural, ugly, and overly masculine.  I'm of the firm belief that D&D simply do not care for Catelyn Stark, that their interpretation and misrepresentation of her reflect this, and I will likely hold this position until such time as they decide to present her as something more than a neutral, sexless, overly simplistic scapegoat for everyone to blame.  I simply can't see the purpose for including her in the series outside of the fact that she was too substantial a character in the books to cut altogether.  So, when I think about the actress changes, late in the game, I'm left thinking that if they had wanted a "sexier" version of Cat, the original actress was (though I really hate to actually admit this, as a woman) more obviously sexy, in the "she gets it on the regular" sort of way, whereas MF is not as obvious, more controlled, and more in line with what they have presented us in translation to screen.  God, I seriously hate that I just typed that, but there it it, in all it's base ugliness.  Anyone else get a sense of this, or just me?  In this, maybe D&D understood that MF can, and will, pull off LS brilliantly, whereas the other actress wouldn't be believable?  But, again, that is the tragedy of Catelyn Stark, is it not?  Her de-evolution into LS?  I just wish they had allowed for a more accurate presentation of her, and all her human facets beyond simply devoted mother-type, before dehumanizing her.
638	bloodymime	2012-04-12	That part about Ned and Cat, is that fully their decision or is it possible one or both actors didn't want to do a nude scene? And after that scene it's not like they have a lot of chance to be together. Bran falls and Cat is staying with him around the clock, then Ned leaves and of course never comes back. Cat spends much the rest of her life being sick with grief over one tragedy after another hitting her and her loved ones.
Regarding the other women you mentioned, no idea on Mel's age but of the rest Cercei is the only one close to to Cat's age and is there a single instance of her having sex in the books for actual pleasure rather than as a tool to get what she wants? Also I see her and Cat as very different. Both of their mothers died when they were young but while you get the impression that while Cercei mainly sat around looking pretty and daydreaming about marrying Rhaegar Cat became the Lady of the house and took on responsibility and matured in ways Cercie never did. Cat is a mother, Cat is Lady Stark and if she were a real person and you described her that way to her face she would take it as a compliment. Family, duty, honor. Words she lived by and took pride in.
Looked at pictures of this other actress Jennifer Ehle and that's really just a matter of taste. Between the two I find Michelle Fairley much more attractive, the first word that came to mind when iI saw was Jennifer Ehle was spunky but that could be due to the pumpkin forehead. In fact of the main women in the cast Michell Fairley is the most attractive so far until Dormer comes along. My tastes definitely run different than the majority of the people I've read on here though, I do not find Ros attractive at all and can't understand what people are seeing in her.
639	heartofgold	2012-04-12	Anyone else get a sense of this, or just me?  To be fair, it's been reported elsewhere that the aforementioned scene was shot the exact same way in the original pilot.  Regardless of the recast -and whoever they might have cast- I don't believe it (has) had much of an impact on their choices for the direction of the character.
640	Alexia	2012-04-15	No. Just no. Please don't tell me that Catelyn is going to release Jaime because she's a silly stupid woman who Tyrion tricks into it. Just... No. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
641	Ran	2012-04-15	Spoiler I wouldn't say "tricks". But yes, it's Tyrion who is the originator of the idea and has it proposed to Catelyn directly rather than making a more general statement in public.
Yet another original idea of hers given to someone else. And it's not just men getting her ideas, I'm pretty sure there's another woman who'll be getting another sort of notion of hers soon.
I don't think D&D have any special feeling for Catelyn, so they're not paying very much attention to her in the narrative, and so  they fall intousing her as a grab-bag of things they can pass off to other characters.
642	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-11	On the issue of people accusing HBO / GRRM of sexism and saying that is the driving force behind Catelyn's character changes, I have a few simple things to say: Osha, or Yara, as you would know her from the show. The Mormont women. Daenerys. Brienne. Arya. Osha. Ygritte. Harma. The female hill tribe barbarian who's name slipped my mind. The Green Grace. The Sandsnakes! VAL. And the biggest badass of them all Meli-fing-sandre! Denying these characters their badassery and saying it isn't there is sexism. The scene where Robb is being stupid hitting up on a girl and Catelyn being the clever one and reminding him he shouldn't. Now please pull that stick out of your - and consider the characters I just named. Also consider that Catelyn is given a large responsibility, rather than 'sent home'.Catelyn still comes off as a clever, strong-willed woman to me despite the adaptions, and Robb? He seems rather conceited and not very well-spoken. The show hasn't made me like him much more than I did in the series and the only reason I ever liked his one-dimensional - to begin with was because it seemed he was the only guy who could wipe out the Lannisters. I'm not a Cat-hater but you can't deny apart from being clever sometimes she's done some dumb - as well, just like Robb and really just most characters in the story. That's how these characters retain their humanity and what makes them (to me) so likable even if I don't agree with their choices. This is not SoT where the main character can do anything and is always right.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 13 May 2012 - 05:36 AM.
643	Tormund_BloggersBane	2012-05-31	Not to say that Sexism plays no role in Westeros, but it plays no role in the hostage value of Sansa & Arya vs. the Kingslayer. That was mostly strategic. Jaime Lannister was a feared military leader, warrior and swordsman. He was deadly and could sway a battle, and therefore a war. Holding him made the Lannisters weaker. Sansa & Arya were loved by the Starks, but that was their only value. They couldn't sway a war, and were of no more value to the North than any number of other family members who were lost- Karstarks, Umbers, etc. Therefore, trading them for the Kingslayer not only was strategically unsound, but belittled the loss of members of other houses.
644	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-08	I am amazed no one has spoke up yet about what was done with trying to make Cat more sympathetic with her heartwarming tale about how she secretly cared deeply for Jon Snow and begged Eddard to let the boy take the Stark name! This was pure crap! It doesnt even follow the continuity of the show itself from how she was portreyed in the first season.
645	David Selig	2013-04-08	I am amazed no one has spoke up yet about what was done with trying to make Cat more sympathetic with her heartwarming tale about how she secretly cared deeply for Jon Snow and begged Eddard to let the boy take the Stark name! This was pure crap! It doesnt even follow the continuity of the show itself from how she was portreyed in the first season.It's been discussed a lot in other threads, mostly here - asoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/topic/84359-book-spoilers-cat-and-jon-snow/
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 08 April 2013 - 06:59 PM.
646	oneortheother	2013-04-08	What the writers seem to be doing with Catelyn is really upsetting me. In the original text, she was a pragmatic feudal lady with keen political insights, whose less competent teenaged son pushed her aside and wanted her to go away and leave him alone. A teenaged son who was portrayed as generally politically inept, and whose chest-thumping refusal to trade the Kingslayer for his sisters enabled the Red Wedding, a Lannister power grab through Sansa, and a Bolton power grab through a false Arya.The way that she has been adapted for the screen is, frankly, sexist. She was a politically smart and ambitious woman who was ignored for merely being a woman while a young teen ruined their House through misplaced trust and naivetA©. She is hated by fans for, well, being a politically smart and ambitious woman who interferes with the male â<U+0080><U+009C>heroesâ<U+0080><U+009D> and points out their poor decisions instead of going back to her babies where she belongs.So the way HBO decides to adapt her is to make Robb recite her lines from the book that show political insight, remove her from the table where the political decisions are being made, and validate all the misogyny being directed her way by having this adapted character say that her place is back with her babies (because, of course, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s where a good woman belongs and should want to be!).In the books, she was *right* in almost every call she made â<U+0080><U+0094> but her opinions are dismissed because she is a woman and Robb is 1) a rebellious teen; and, 2) has embraced some of the ingrained sexism of his society and doesn't want his bannermen to see him taking advice from Mom. The commentary here, which passes straight over the heads of a lot of fans, is really genius. If Robb *had* listened to mommy, House Stark would not have been demolished the way it was.And the writers chose to not only ignore that, but to diminish the female character so as to pump up the male â<U+0080><U+0094> in a way that completely validates the misogyny targeting the character (a good womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies and not involved in politics â<U+0080><U+0093> in fact, if sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s involved in politics at all, it should be reluctantly!) but that also misses the point of the entire arc. My honest-to-God reaction was, WTF are you doing HBO?Catelyn's plotline deals heavily with themes of sexism. After Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s execution, she was calling for peace while the men around her chose war (and devastated the North and the Riverlands). Robb wanted her to go back to Bran and Rickon but she wanted to stay with him, where the future of their family was being decided. It was her idea to visit Renly to attempt to make an alliance, not Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s. She wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t entirely against sending an envoy to Balon, just not Theon. She wanted Ned to go south to become Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Hand.Now, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been downgraded. One assumes that the reasons for it are three-fold: 1) To pump up Robb and make him sexier to the audiences instead of portrying the tragic boy king in over his head that he actually was; 2) to make her more palatable to audiences (because a womanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s place is with her babies, doncha know); and 3) to amend Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s characterization as she gets the storyline of a son who has slipped her control instead.Congratulations on either completely missing the entire point of a character arc and plotline or demonstrating a stupendous level of sexism, all while validating the misogyny that permeates this fandom.Whilst I agree with most of your points, Catelyn was not right in almost every call she made. In fact one of the few bits of advice she gave to Robb that he took, well, it proved quite disastrous.Why does Roose Bolton have half the Northern Army? Robb wanted to give it to the Greatjon but Catelyn said something about good leaders needing restraint or calmness or etc etc. That's good in theory, but... it didn't work out too well for the King in the North, eh? In fact, I would say that was one of the pivotal points of the entire war. Roose Bolton sending the Stark forces to suicide at Duskendale and of course the Red Wedding.
647	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-21	So... Catelyn should somehow have foreseen Roose's betrayal? Roose handled the battle of the Green Fork well whereas the Greatjon was expected to go in all guns blazes and probably lose a lot of his force, so I believe Catelyn was right on this call, too.
648	Dementia	2012-04-03	I loved the way the wolves looked...loved Drogon....but am I the only one who thought the red comet looked ridiculous and obviously fake?
649	Auska	2012-04-04	Yeah, it was pretty terrible. I'm not sure why they didn't just make it fiery.
650	Thunderfist	2012-04-04	I havenÂ´t seen enough real comets to have a strong opinion about how they are supposed to look
651	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-04	I really didn't notice it looking fake.
652	boojam	2012-04-04	I loved the way the wolves looked...loved Drogon....but am I the only one who thought the red comet looked ridiculous and obviously fake?There have been some close approaches of comets to Earth in recent history, but it's been since 1770 that one was in sky so close it was clearly discernible as a comet to the naked eye.Now comets come in all flavors of appearance, the one of the show looked like some in the real ones in the photo catalogs... except for being red. Comets can have shades of red in them.Still hey, what is quasi-fantasy for but to push the envelope!And this is a dragon symbol.Comet looked fine.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 04 April 2012 - 05:14 AM.
653	teemo	2012-04-04	I don't know, I don't have much experience with comets.  Looked fine to me.  And yeah, Drogon was awesome.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 04 April 2012 - 05:17 AM.
654	TheDrawback	2012-04-04	maybe a little fake but hey you cant get everything exactly the way u want the looks of the commet didn't seem so important to me as to comparisson to the dragons and wolves (wich were awsome btw)
655	conny	2012-04-04	do you remember the hale-bopp comet in 1995?
it could be seen for a couple of weeks and it looked like it was nailed to the sky. no movement to be seen at all.
so in that regard the comet looked fine to me.
656	boojam	2012-04-04	do you remember the hale-bopp comet in 1995?it could be seen for a couple of weeks and it looked like it was nailed to the sky. no movement to be seen at all.so in that regard the comet looked fine to me.Hale-Bobb was the brightest naked eye comet I have ever seen.Still it's closest approach was still more than 1 AU away.In a telescope impressive tail, but have to have super eyes to see that from the ground.Don't think there was a really close comet last century , closer than 10 lunar distances.
657	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-04	Nah I didn't see much wrong with the comet either. I mean, I suppose it was very, very red but then that's the point I guess.
658	NW Deserter	2012-04-04	Is this really what we've stooped to complaining about?!
 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
I thought it looked fine. I imagined it even bigger and longer in my head. It's fantasy, man.
659	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	I had no problem with the comet, I was glad to actually see it.
660	Francis Buck	2012-04-04	I thought the comet itself looked great. The only time I found it jarring was the part where Summer/Bran looks up and sees it through the trees...for some reason the comet's relation to the branches seemed a little off. Beyond that I was totally fine with it, and that's such a miniscule complaint that it should barely be mentioned. I also thought the way they used the comet for transitioning between different locations was kinda brilliant.
661	Greywolf2375	2012-04-04	I was fine with the way it looked.  Considering how natural laws tend to get put on hold in Westeros, I'm fine that it was bright red and equally visible from various parts of the contient.
662	Hyper	2012-04-04	Is this really what we've stooped to complaining about?!Indeed. Seriously? That comet looked just fine. And, NO, comets do not visibly move/race across the sky, as some fans have complained that it should. A real comet would not look that red (or have any color) or be quite as bright, but otherwise looked perfectly realistic.Throughout history comets have appeared that have been visible to the naked eye even during daytime. It's not a common occurrence, but it sure was noticed (and feared/anticipated as a great omen) when it happened.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 04 April 2012 - 11:45 AM.
663	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	It would have been better if you asked the question together with an explanation why you thought it looked fake. Preferably by comparing to real comets.
And I'm really surprised there have been people that think it should be moving to the naked eye. That would mean that the comet would be visible for a few minutes at the most, which should have to be explained why it's wrong.
664	int11	2012-04-04	A red comet is more "realistic" than many of other things in the story, so I wouldn't complain too much about that. (The only problem was that it moved *slightly* back and forth with the camera when we saw it between the tree branches. I don't care, though.)
					
					
							Edited by int11, 04 April 2012 - 04:52 PM.
665	Envie	2012-04-04	Is this really what we've stooped to complaining about?!Yes. quite so. Last season everyone yammered on and on about how Ghost should NOT have barked in his scene with Jon and the wights... it was a serious flaw for many! (haha)You're going to have perfectionists in every crowd, especially book fanatics like this fan group. It's not a bad thing and people are certainly entitled to their opinions.I do admit I felt the comet was a little lacking somehow, not sure what I was expecting as its described as a very bright red tail across the sky in the book and that's pretty much how it looks on the show. I guess maybe a little more fiery or menacing perhaps. The red seemed a little too pale.
666	akajea	2012-04-04	You know if the comet was moving across the sky fast enough for us to tell that it was moving, it would be gone in a few minutes. While reading I got the impression that the comet was there for quite a while so...
					
					
							Edited by akajea, 04 April 2012 - 08:57 PM.
667	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-04	It's fantasy. I'll leave it at that.
Oh, and I totally want a dragon at least at that size. I liked how Dany had to wear a shoulder plate for her children.
Loved Robb's direwolf and the glimpse of Bran warging. I was really curious how that would be done. Now, if we could only get "Corn, corn corn!"
668	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-05	There have been some close approaches of comets to Earth in recent history, but it's been since 1770 that one was in sky so close it was clearly discernible as a comet to the naked eye.Now comets come in all flavors of appearance, the one of the show looked like some in the real ones in the photo catalogs... except for being red. Comets can have shades of red in them.Still hey, what is quasi-fantasy for but to push the envelope!And this is a dragon symbol.Comet looked fine.Hale Bop in 1997 was visible by the naked eye and I believe Halleys comet is even brighter, don't remember seeing that one myself though I think it was last visible in the early 80s sometime...
					
					
							Edited by Joe Scallywag, 05 April 2012 - 03:52 AM.
669	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-05	What am I doing wrong when posting that picture? or is it just something about being a new member?
670	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-05	It was more pink than red. Should have made it redder.
(lol... im kidding. I had no problem with it.)
671	Ran	2012-04-05	We don't allow images to be posted. You can post a link to an image, however.
672	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-05	We don't allow images to be posted. You can post a link to an image, however.Ah I see, that would certainly explain it, thanks /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
673	boojam	2012-04-05	Hale Bop in 1997 was visible by the naked eye and I believe Halleys comet is even brighter, don't remember seeing that one myself though I think it was last visible in the early 80s sometime...Comet Halley was quite bright in 1910, but in 1986 it passed far enough from the earth that it was only bright in telescopes.Daytime comets are rare, tho we had one this year Comet McNaught in January. Having a really close daytime comet where one can see the tail is also quite rare, but comet IKEYA-SEKI in 1965 was one of those. The one in the show would correspond to something like the great comet of 1882 which may have been the brightest comet seen in historical times.Anyway the red comet in SoIaF is kind of cypher, and a neat idea on George's part. Watching the episode for a third time last night I thought it was a beautiful image, after using it in the start it gets forgotten.Someone said it appeared in the last scene, I did not see it.Thought that scene on the road* should have paned up to the comet for a close that would have been perfect!*Still far south Arya's 'crow train' seemed to be on some other smaller road than the King's Road.Beautiful image.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 April 2012 - 10:03 AM.
674	Dementia	2012-04-05	Let me point out that at no point did I actually "complain".  I ASKED if anyone else found it "ridiculous" and "obviously fake".  It didn't work for me...it didn't feel like part of the sky.  I mention it, because everything seemed so well done but shots of the comet seemed jarring to me.  Maybe it was because it was during the day?  I know that's how Martin wrote it...but it just seemed weird.
No...I don't think it should race across the sky.  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
675	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-07	I thought the comet was great! Really don't see how it could have been better?
Drogon was amazing. Cheesy dragons would ruin the gritty, almost realistic feel of this fantasy, but they aced it. And Grey Wind was INCREDIBLE! Can't wait to see more Ghost.
676	saloneju	2012-04-16	Huh? The comet looked really neat. If they wouldve made it fiery (like the starter of the thread suggested) it wouldve been extremely cheesy. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Im glad they didn't.
677	vinnie1912	2012-04-17	Hale-Bobb was the brightest naked eye comet I have ever seen.Still it's closest approach was still more than 1 AU away.In a telescope impressive tail, but have to have super eyes to see that from the ground.Don't think there was a really close comet last century , closer than 10 lunar distances.It was really hard to see that tail.http://upload.wikime...7_hires_adj.jpg
					
					
							Edited by vinnie1912, 17 April 2012 - 07:18 AM.
678	jugdesh258	2012-04-18	There was one called Hyakutake that came out after Hale-Bopp that was very visible in the night sky here in the city.  I'd say the chance is that this is the most visable I will see in my lifetime.
The one in this story is so close that you can see it in the day....something we may ver experience but i'd say it is plausable.  There is no modern proof of it but I do recall hints of this from ancient sources and art to reference.  You can see the moon in the day so the comet need only be that bright.
I am all over trying to figure out the science behind this world from either the circumavigation calculations and explanations or wobbly axis that could produce these goofy uneven seasons.  Surely, this is for no good reason.......but the comet does not bother me in the least
					
					
							Edited by jugdesh258, 18 April 2012 - 07:47 AM.
679	Steak Of Salisbury	2012-05-30	There has been little to no discussion in the show regarding the comet.
680	evening gale	2012-06-04	The comet looked fake and so did Stannis' landing at Blackwater.  The city walls looked like cardboard and the fighting looked obviously cramped on a tiny stage.  Too bad.  I usually think the sets and effects look pretty authentic.
681	JoonBoy	2012-06-06	I honestly didnt care xD
doesnt all the good effects kinda "overweight" the bad ones? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
682	Spjuth	2012-06-18	Hey, It disturbed me that the comet was going in the wrong way! I'm quite sure that Dany decides to "follow" the comet east. Otherwise looked fine.
683	BaleriOne	2012-07-09	The comet was good, not moving much at all - which would be realistic from such a great distance.
684	Jordan Wagner	2013-04-02	Ok, so I have not read the books and am now re-watching Season 2 of Game of Thrones (won the DVD boxset at an event FSU had), and I forget what the significance of the red comet is. Is it simply just that dragons have been born again?
685	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-25	Didn't anyone else feel the knight getting killed at the start of the episode and no one giving a crap was a little over the top? Sure accidents do happen but a knight's death shouldn't be greeted with general rounds of applause and cheers, take last season where Ser Hugh was killed and everyone was perhaps not permanently shocked, but at least momentarily phased. Here it seemed just like the most casual thing to ever happen. Not to mention the gratuitous amounts of blood seemed to come out of nowhere 'cos for that much blood he would've had to be literally splattered when he hit the ground already, which wasn't really the case. Scene seemed somewhat weird and pointless.
686	Ser Luke.	2013-03-02	Yeah, there's a lot of little unnecessary scenes like that in the show that weren't in the book.
687	King's Ruin	2013-02-08	The Greatjon is played by Clive Mantle, who also played Little John in the classic 80s TV series Robin of Sherwood.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086791/Pretty cool. My cousin always said that Sean Connery in The Rock is James Bond grown up and discarded by MI6. I like that sort of thing. Especially how Greatjon is a similar name to Little John, it feels emotional to see him back on the screen after all these years in a similar role. Great stuff.
688	Envie	2012-04-05	One of my favorite, and most charged exchanges was when Tyrion arrives at the small council to announce his position as Hand. He and Cersei have some words about the war and then the conversation gets really tense:Cersei: "Joffrey is King"Tyrion: "Joffrey is King"Cersei: "You are here to advise him"Tyrion: "Only here to advise him...    And if the King listens to what I have to say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back."Cersei: "How?"Tyrion: "You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That, and your cheekbones. The Starks love their children as well; And we have two of them..."Cersei: "... one ..."Tyrion: "One?" Cersei: "Arya, the little animal, she disappeared..."Tyrion: "Disappeared. What, in a puff of smoke?! We had three Starks to trade. You chopped one's head off and let another escape. Father would be furious. It must be odd for you... to be the disappointing child."Cersei's squirming was positively palpable at this point. It is at this very moment I think most viewers start to realize that Cersei's slip is starting to show and she's headed for disaster. You realize earlier on her kid is a total brat and out of control, but now you see that Cersei's really not in control of anything at all.I am so glad Peter Dinklage won an Emmy... he runs verbal circles around everyone else with his amazing acting.
689	Hookd	2012-04-10	Yes, Peter Dinklage is a rare treat here.  I wonder if his Emmy is responsible for this 'higher billing' in the credits?
690	justashadow	2012-04-10	Gosh, it has so many undertones to it...I'm gathering that they have a respect for each other (family name) but she definitely is not very fond of him unlike his bond with Jaime.
I look forward to each week to see what Tyrion is going to do in Kings Landing!!
691	Chelisandre	2012-04-13	Peter's acting is superb. I was not impressed with Cersei's acting. She had so much more depth in my mind when I read the books and it is a big letdown watching the cardboard acting of what's her name.
692	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-25	As much as Peter Dinklage has done a great great job so far 'it must be hard for you to be the disappointing child' sounded off, I felt his intonation didn't really carry over the meaning and it just sounded weird. One of 3 or so lines that bothered me this episode.
693	Sheyria	2012-10-02	I think Peter Dinklage does an amazing job. I really really love his acting a lot and enjoy it a lot.
694	The One True King	2013-01-29	Incredible scene, puts her right in her place. Is there anyone on ASOIAF that can get the best of him?
695	Shakey	2012-04-03	I thought it was quite a clever scene when Ros dutifully recited the exact words of Littlefinger to some new prospects.
"Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound?"
It felt like a wink and nod to the general critism that scene got last year.  Sort of an, 'ok we get it' moment.
She is clearly loyal to LIttlefinger, evidenced last season when she was spying on the Pycelle.
I think she's an interesting addition.
696	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	No, Do not like this character. If she was for that long in the book I would have no problem with her.
697	Princess Peach	2012-04-04	Is the actress pregnant?  She looked a little more "plump" than she did last year.  Could be why they've changed her role, to hide the pregnancy.  But then they really didn't need to keep her at all, did they?
698	Greywolf2375	2012-04-04	Not a fan - I didn't like the addition last year and not really liking what it shows for LF.
699	servethe_Realm	2012-04-04	I like the addition of Ros. I noticed last season they put emphasis on her leaving Winterfell for King's Landing.
Theres a lot of hate on Ros in the other topics in this forum, but I like her. She'll probably be the version of Chataya. She's hot too which is a plus.
700	A Bong of Ice and Fire	2012-04-04	Is the actress pregnant?  She looked a little more "plump" than she did last year.  Could be why they've changed her role, to hide the pregnancy.  But then they really didn't need to keep her at all, did they?She got fat.  So no more Ros nude scenes.  Only pretty bodies can get naked on TV.  I guess they still like the actress, though, so they let her keep a clothed part.
701	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-04	I believe Ros might be a combination of several of the Book characters; like Jeyne Poole and the madame of the Brothel that protects Shae (cant remember her name). Otherwise, why create a character that wasnt even in the novel? Just my opinion.
702	servethe_Realm	2012-04-04	Where do you find Jeyne Poole within Ros...?
703	Maester Murks	2012-04-04	I don't have a problem with Ros at all. I actually don't really see her as character of her own, but more like a "pair of eyes/ears" to show us more about the "real" characters, e.g. Theon, LF, Pycelle, thus giving us some background in a way that non-book-readers can follow. And if she takes over the part of Alayaya, I'm fine with that. I'll start being pissed, when she gets a whole new storyline of her own. But since that's probably not going to happen, she can stay. Also, it was a great way to setup the killing of the bastards by starting with a face already known to the audience. And she actually has quite some acting skills. She's hot, too
					
					
							Edited by Maester Murks, 04 April 2012 - 01:34 PM.
704	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	Not a fan - I didn't like the addition last year and not really liking what it shows for LF.After seeing the second episode I couldn't disagree with you more on the second point. I won't say more about it as it's not supposed to be discussed yet.
705	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-04	I don't have a problem with Ros at all. I actually don't really see her as character of her own, but more like a "pair of eyes/ears" to show us more about the "real" characters, e.g. Theon, LF, Pycelle, thus giving us some background in a way that non-book-readers can follow. And if she takes over the part of Alayaya, I'm fine with that. I'll start being pissed, when she gets a whole new storyline of her own. But since that's probably not going to happen, she can stay. Also, it was a great way to setup the killing of the bastards by starting with a face already known to the audience. And she actually has quite some acting skills. She's hot, tooI completely agree. I really liked the juxtaposition of the playful Ros with the murdering of the bastards, and thought it was a nice way to transition the scene rather than simply showing the bastards being killed.
706	Envie	2012-04-04	I think Ros has been a very useful tool for the show that wasn't necessary in the books. Her addition has given us a lot of 'behind the curtain' information we the readers already knew but the viewers have no idea so having her in multiple episodes as a a transition role for various other main characters is actually quite brilliant.
We've learned all sorts of really delicious secret stuff via Ros and her journey from a simple whore outside Winterfell to a fancy paid courtesan style prostitute working for Littlefinger. She's obviously always been smarter than the average whore and has attracted many higher ranked players in the game (Theon, Tyrion, Pycelle) so it stands to reason she's working her way into the inner management of Littlefinger's establishment. 
I like it. I approve of her use as a sexposition tool for details the non-book-reading fans need to know about.
707	wrdonerd	2012-04-04	Where do you find Jeyne Poole within Ros...? To be honest, I kinda thought that when Cersei told Littlefinger to find Arya, he'd pull Ros out and start training her to be an Arya impersonator. Although, I'm not sure that they'll go that route, since there is clearly a huge age gap between the two characters.
708	Caro99	2012-04-04	To be honest, I kinda thought that when Cersei told Littlefinger to find Arya, he'd pull Ros out and start training her to be an Arya impersonator. Although, I'm not sure that they'll go that route, since there is clearly a huge age gap between the two characters.
	Spoiler i wouldn't like it if that happened, but there's been some talk in other threads where instead of ros pretending to be arya, they'll force her to pretend she's sansa. the red hair, and just a little bit of a closer age-gap. but i wouldn't like this happening either. but who knows... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />

					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 04 April 2012 - 09:04 PM.
709	DannySpud	2012-04-04	It's nice to see some comments about Ros that aren't just hate. I quite like her, though I admit I'm probably a little biased as I'm one of the millions that came to the books through the show, but it was still clear back in season 1 before I'd read the books that she wasn't a proper character but more a storytelling device. Having read the books now I hope they give her Chatayas role, but I agree that she shouldn't get her own story when they are pressed for time and money.
710	DannySpud	2012-04-04	Spoiler i wouldn't like it if that happened, but there's been some talk in other threads where instead of ros pretending to be arya, they'll force her to pretend she's sansa. the red hair, and just a little bit of a closer age-gap. but i wouldn't like this happening either. but who knows... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />If that happens I will cut off my manhood and feed it to a goat. There is absolutely no cause for anyone to impersonate Sansa, that would involve a complete retelling of the story that with the introduction of Ser Dontos is definitely not happening. And why not just stick to the books and use Jeyne Poole? She's already been in the show, might as well not make changes just for the fun of it.
ETA spoiler tags, just noticed this is "no spoilers" tagged, didn't want to spoil anyone.
					
					
							Edited by DannySpud, 04 April 2012 - 08:52 PM.
711	Caro99	2012-04-04	Spoiler 
I know, it wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make much sense for it to be Sansa either. I guess that they wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t use Jeyne cause she would be a character that viewers arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t aware of. Whereas with Ros, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a familiar face now. But maybe since they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t focus on Jeyne Poole, it may be hard for them to try and introduce her now to the story when Sansa is supposed to be so friend-isolated.
  But I guess that if the Lannisters have Ros playing Sansa it would be after she flees KL. They can pretend to the world that they still hold Sansa, but will choose to release her so that the only remaining Stark can re-claim the north with her Lannister husband. Of course, this canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work either since Tyrion and the Purple Wedding take place. so I really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think the show will have Ros play the stark girls. Hopefully Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m right.
712	DannySpud	2012-04-04	Spoiler I know, it wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make much sense for it to be Sansa either. I guess that they wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t use Jeyne cause she would be a character that viewers arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t aware of. Whereas with Ros, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a familiar face now. But maybe since they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t focus on Jeyne Poole, it may be hard for them to try and introduce her now to the story when Sansa is supposed to be so friend-isolated.  But I guess that if the Lannisters have Ros playing Sansa it would be after she flees KL. They can pretend to the world that they still hold Sansa, but will choose to release her so that the only remaining Stark can re-claim the north with her Lannister husband. Of course, this canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work either since Tyrion and the Purple Wedding take place. so I really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think the show will have Ros play the stark girls. Hopefully Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m right.

	Spoiler Hah! Is purple wedding an actual term? I've never come across it before but it's a great term.
713	Envie	2012-04-04	That is a brilliant scene, and absolutely chilling.   But you're spot on about the upcoming criticism. I can hear the outcry concerning your "hilarious detail" all over the place.There was a lot of criticism last season for that scene with the exact words "gratuitous sexposition" used repeatedly. Personally I think its because the scene was so well done and graphic with the two girls that many people squirmed uncomfortably (which I think it was meant to do) and Littlefinger's dialogue matched the frenzied pitch of the 'climax' really well. If that scene didn't get across to viewers just how ruthlessly driven Lord Baelish is for his 'end game' reward, I surely don't know what would.Ros has had some of the most awkwardly exposing sex scenes in the entire series and she's done it perfectly. I think people dislike her purely on principle that she 'wasn't in the books' (which is somewhat of a lame excuse) and not because they think she is somehow stealing the show. She doesn't. Her parts have tied together many loose strings very nicely... quite literally. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
714	teemo	2012-04-04	Spoiler I don't see how there is any way in hell that Ros could be fake "Jeyne Poole" aka fake Arya.  The actress that plays Ros is almost 30, while Arya is 14 and looks younger.  That would be a ridiculous stretch, even for a television adaptation.
715	DannySpud	2012-04-04	There was a lot of criticism last season for that scene with the exact words "gratuitous sexposition" used repeatedly. Personally I think its because the scene was so well done and graphic with the two girls that many people squirmed uncomfortably (which I think it was meant to do) and Littlefinger's dialogue matched the frenzied pitch of the 'climax' really well. If that scene didn't get across to viewers just how ruthlessly driven Lord Baelish is for his 'end game' reward, I surely don't know what would.Ros has had some of the most awkwardly exposing sex scenes in the entire series and she's done it perfectly. I think people dislike her purely on principle that she 'wasn't in the books' (which is somewhat of a lame excuse) and not because they think she is somehow stealing the show. She doesn't. Her parts have tied together many loose strings very nicely... quite literally. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />GRRM is significantly more explicit than the show can ever possibly be, and pretty gratuitous in places too 
	Spoiler Dany + Irri was definitely not just character development...
 Ros helps redress the balance, and while she's at it allows for some pretty good character development.Edited to fix spoiler tags (again...)
					
					
							Edited by DannySpud, 04 April 2012 - 11:07 PM.
716	Lothar Imbel	2012-04-05	I actually like Ros.  The actress who plays her is easily a 9/10, and you get to see her naked basically every time she's on screen (the feminist in me just screamed in pain at that).  Also really like the bastard scene as it went from lighthearted brother titilation to a pretty dark and distrubing scene, like the one with Jory last season.
717	Thaune	2012-04-05	Two coffers of Lannister gold say Ros takes the place of 
	Spoiler  Alayaya 
 later on.
718	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-05	That was quick. Wonder what she had to do to climb that ladder so fast...
719	Ser Sweets	2012-04-05	I've really no problem with Ros as an addition to the cast, as long as she isn't going to be 
	Spoiler replacing Jeyne as the fake-Arya
.
I'd agree that in the past she's served well as compensation for the lack of narrative we received in the books.
In fact, her presence in the scene with Pycelle shod light on subtleties of his character that I didn't fully consider in the books.
720	Francois Clegane	2012-04-05	That was quick. Wonder what she had to do to climb that ladder so fast...I can think of a few thingsOn a side note, I had to giggle at one of her lines to the new girl"She's beautiful""She's a dumb slut really" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
721	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-05	I've really no problem with Ros as an addition to the cast, as long as she isn't going to be 
	Spoiler replacing Jeyne as the fake-Arya
.I'd agree that in the past she's served well as compensation for the lack of narrative we received in the books.In fact, her presence in the scene with Pycelle shod light on subtleties of his character that I didn't fully consider in the books.That will NEVER happen. It doesn't make any sense at all.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 05 April 2012 - 11:45 AM.
722	Envie	2012-04-05	Two coffers of Lannister gold say Ros takes the place of 
	Spoiler  Alayaya 
 later on.
	Spoiler  Ros already knows Tyrion from before, and she's working for Littlefinger so I can totally see her being used in the place of Chataya and Alayaya since neither one is making an appearance in the series. Worth noting however, Shae has already been ensconced at the Red Keep where she's NOT supposed to be rather than a small manse as described in the books, so there's no need for a Chataya/Alayaya character if they're skipping that whole story arc.
723	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-05	Spoiler  Ros already knows Tyrion from before, and she's working for Littlefinger so I can totally see her being used in the place of Chataya and Alayaya since neither one is making an appearance in the series. Worth noting however, Shae has already been ensconced at the Red Keep where she's NOT supposed to be rather than a small manse as described in the books, so there's no need for a Chataya/Alayaya character if they're skipping that whole story arc.
I agree 100%
724	Buckwheat	2012-04-05	Also, it was a great way to setup the killing of the bastards by starting with a face already known to the audience.Barra's mother was already known to the audience. Her face is enough special for the viewers to remember, I think.
	Spoiler I think that replacing Alayaya with her would work and it would actually give Ros a reasonable ewplanation why she is in the show in the first place. Her taking Jeyne's place, OTOH, would just not work in any way, she is just too old for anybody to buy it.
The only thing that I liked about her was that she was dressed in at least one scene. Finally! I already thought the producers ran out of money for costumes and just left Ros naked.Dannister, just to say I like your new avatar.
725	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-05	Barra's mother was already known to the audience. Her face is enough special for the viewers to remember, I think.Actually, my nonreading girlfriend was confused by that scene and she asked me who the whore and baby were. She knew Ros though.The whole bastard killing wasn't superclear anyway. Innocent people were killed by the authorities. That's what most people get from the episode. I've seen ep. 2 and they explain what was going on exactly, thankfully.
726	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-05	Actually, my nonreading girlfriend was confused by that scene and she asked me who the whore and baby were. She knew Ros though.The whole bastard killing wasn't superclear anyway. Innocent people were killed by the authorities. That's what most people get from the episode. I've seen ep. 2 and they explain what was going on exactly, thankfully.What wasn't clear about the bastard killing scene? Robert has 16 bastards in total. They only two that were out of Cersei's reach are 
	Spoiler Edric Storm in Dragonstone and Mya Stone in the Eerie.
. It appears that the rest of the children, or at least a good portion of them, were in KL.
727	Envie	2012-04-05	What wasn't clear about the bastard killing scene? Robert has 16 bastards in total. They only two that were out of Cersei's reach are 
	Spoiler Edric Storm in Dragonstone and Mya Stone in the Eerie.
. It appears that the rest of the children, or at least a good portion of them, were in KL.
	Spoiler She doesn't get ahold of Gendry either, remember - he's with Arya headed north. So there are three of Robert's bastards in relatively safe locations. Relatively I say, haha.
What wasn't clear would be why or who the others being killed were - it was very fast and the camera was jiggly ... only someone who remembers the whore and baby Barra from season 1 would immediately connect the murder of Barra in season two and then its even harder to connect all the other murders if you haven't read the books and know how many bastards Robert had.
728	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-05	I don't mind her at all. All of her scenes have had something to do with either fleshing out some characters like Theon and Tryion. or provided some background info on LF and Pycelle. Now the Pycelle scene wasn't that great, but it wasn't because of her. Pycelle doing squats is something that should never be seen.
The baby killing scene happened in the books and she's just replacing another person.
729	Envie	2012-04-05	Now the Pycelle scene wasn't that great, but it wasn't because of her. Pycelle doing squats is something that should never be seen.The Pycelle scene was pure comedy (you know they made his nightshirt so translucent on purpose to make you squirm!) - and it also served a very important purpose... to show that Pycelle is fully aware Ros is likely spying on him for Littlefinger and that his entire frailty routine is a complete farce.Ros has been very useful for a lot of revealing information.
730	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-05	Spoiler She doesn't get ahold of Gendry either, remember - he's with Arya headed north. So there are three of Robert's bastards in relatively safe locations. Relatively I say, haha.
What wasn't clear would be why or who the others being killed were - it was very fast and the camera was jiggly ... only someone who remembers the whore and baby Barra from season 1 would immediately connect the murder of Barra in season two and then its even harder to connect all the other murders if you haven't read the books and know how many bastards Robert had.Fair enough. The recap of season 1 touched on the bastards and showed Gendry.  But I saw the scene as, Joffrey asking about bastards, then kids being killed, and the blacksmith being tortured and telling about Gendry, then panning to him leaving town. Thank you for elaborating.
731	turdle	2012-04-05	personally, i thought this was the best Ros scene so far, but that isn't saying much, and what made it a good scene was the way it ended, not really anything to do with Ros. my personal perspective is a bit different, i only recently got to watch the first season when it came out on bluray, and i already knew there was a lot of dislike for her character.
i think Ros is fine. unfortunately, a lot of good characters say a lot of stupid things to her. my problem with the LF scene is not the sex, it's that LF basically tells the audience that he's going to fuck over ned stark. i still can't understand why HBO thought undermining one of the best scenes in all the books (and the ending of that very same episode for christ sake) was a good idea.  when i saw that scene with Ros and LF, i had such a negative reaction, i almost decided to stop showing my girlfriend the series.  i have shown 3 different people the series now, and in each case i have skipped that scene when it came up. after the episode was over i showed it to them, and they ALL thanked me for skipping it.
and with both theon, and pycelle, i feel like both of them either give away too much information or emphasis too much detail about the character. even seeing pycelle with a whore before tyrion finds him with one in aCoK, just seems stupid and short sighted on HBOs part.
732	Buckwheat	2012-04-06	What wasn't clear about the bastard killing scene? Robert has 16 bastards in total. They only two that were out of Cersei's reach are 
	Spoiler Edric Storm in Dragonstone and Mya Stone in the Eerie.
. It appears that the rest of the children, or at least a good portion of them, were in KL.
	Spoiler I think there  is also Bella in Stoney Sept. She is about as safe as Mya, I believe.
733	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-06	Spoiler I think there  is also Bella in Stoney Sept. She is about as safe as Mya, I believe.
You're right.
734	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-06	personally, i thought this was the best Ros scene so far, but that isn't saying much, and what made it a good scene was the way it ended, not really anything to do with Ros. my personal perspective is a bit different, i only recently got to watch the first season when it came out on bluray, and i already knew there was a lot of dislike for her character.i think Ros is fine. unfortunately, a lot of good characters say a lot of stupid things to her. my problem with the LF scene is not the sex, it's that LF basically tells the audience that he's going to fuck over ned stark. i still can't understand why HBO thought undermining one of the best scenes in all the books (and the ending of that very same episode for christ sake) was a good idea.  when i saw that scene with Ros and LF, i had such a negative reaction, i almost decided to stop showing my girlfriend the series.  i have shown 3 different people the series now, and in each case i have skipped that scene when it came up. after the episode was over i showed it to them, and they ALL thanked me for skipping it.and with both theon, and pycelle, i feel like both of them either give away too much information or emphasis too much detail about the character. even seeing pycelle with a whore before tyrion finds him with one in aCoK, just seems stupid and short sighted on HBOs part.Not only Ned Stark, but all of the highborn involved in the game, IIRC. I think it was genius on HBO's part to enable people to see into Littlefinger's head.  TV's doesn't have the luxury of using small details, like books do, therefore they have to show people what's going on in detail. I was one of the people who watched the show before I discovered the books, so Ros' interactions with Greyjoy, Baelish and Pycell gave me in depth information on those characters and personalities needed to understand the game. I don't have anything against the sex scene, he was training the women who are to service the more wealthy clientele who patron his businesses.  He runs an upscale business, therefore, his workers must live up to that requirement.
735	turdle	2012-04-06	Not only Ned Stark, but all of the highborn involved in the game, IIRC. I think it was genius on HBO's part to enable people to see into Littlefinger's head.  TV's doesn't have the luxury of using small details, like books do, therefore they have to show people what's going on in detail. I was one of the people who watched the show before I discovered the books, so Ros' interactions with Greyjoy, Baelish and Pycell gave me in depth information on those characters and personalities needed to understand the game. I don't have anything against the sex scene, he was training the women who are to service the more wealthy clientele who patron his businesses.  He runs an upscale business, therefore, his workers must live up to that requirement.little finger goes into detail about the story about how he wanted some girl (it's already been established that LF loves cat), and that she was basically stolen from her by someone from the north. who could that be? then he says what he learned from that, was that he wouldn't fight them, he'd fuck them. slightly later in that episode, we learn that ned desperately need LF's help. i mean come on, how much more obvious could they have made LF's betrayel?  if they had left that last line out it would be a completely different story.you have more information about theon, and pycelle by the end of season 1 than people who read the complete first book.  let me be clear, i like the show, i think they do a good job in general.  but quite frankly it strikes me that, because the producers of the series have access to all this information about future events, they don't seem able to sit on it until it has the most impact.  they pluck the fruit before it has fully ripened.let me give you another example. one of the most loved non-book scenes.  the scene where robert and cercei are taling about danaryis.  the scene itself, i think is fine, and i don't have a problem with anything they say. but the very fact that this scene exists undermines the tension of a later scene. in the book, ned resigns as the hand and robert is furious, ned gets attacked by jaime in the streets, and the next time we see robert, he's with cersei at neds bedside. in the book, we have no idea where roberts head is. we don't know if robert is still about ready to put neds head on a spike or what.  on the tv show, between the time when ned resigns, and jaime attacks ned, we get this lovely scene with robert and cercei interacting.  we see robert has calmed down, we see he is rational and by the end, we even see he's quite saddened after discussing his love for neds sister.and now, how shocking is it going to be 
	Spoiler when tyrion finds pycelle with a whore, or when theon betrays those starks who treated him so lovingly during season 1?
736	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-07	Something amusing I noticed wich you will not know 'til you see episode 2
	Spoiler The young woman with Ros is the captain's daughter Theon is banging on his way to the Iron Islands lol
737	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-07	I believe Ros might be a combination of several of the Book characters; like Jeyne Poole and the madame of the Brothel that protects Shae (cant remember her name). Otherwise, why create a character that wasnt even in the novel? Just my opinion.I still think she'll replace Alayaya's character - 
	Spoiler and therefore be mistaken for Shae, beaten, etc. Yeah, there are holes in this theory because it would mess up the Tyrion/Varys dynamic (as Ros is LF's), but....
 Then they don't really need to introduce a ton of new whores. I don't like her much but if that's her purpose I'll be ok with it.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 07 April 2012 - 07:18 AM.
738	Dracarya	2012-04-07	Something amusing I noticed wich you will not know 'til you see episode 2
	Spoiler The young woman with Ros is the captain's daughter Theon is banging on his way to the Iron Islands lol

	Spoiler  Really? I didn't clock that, and I've seen episode 2. How does that make sense? Must rewatch! 
I dislike Ros. That scene from season 1 was just /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> Like I've said before, I'm no prude, despite these scenes being a bit too much IMHO, but I feel that an adaptation of these books don't need sexing up in order to bring in viewers. The sex scenes are simply ridiculous - I like some things to be left to the imagination. It seems to be getting worse in season 2, but we'll see.Edit: 
	Spoiler  If Ros does take Alayaya's place, that's cool, it gives her a purpose, and means she won't be around forever, but there's still no need for all the damn sex. 

					
					
							Edited by Fire&Blood, 07 April 2012 - 09:07 AM.
739	Envie	2012-04-07	I still think she'll replace Alayaya's character - 
	Spoiler and therefore be mistaken for Shae, beaten, etc. Yeah, there are holes in this theory because it would mess up the Tyrion/Varys dynamic (as Ros is LF's), but....
 Then they don't really need to introduce a ton of new whores. I don't like her much but if that's her purpose I'll be ok with it.This is exactly what I think may happen with Ros as well. A lot of people didn't like the addition of a character that wasn't in the book. But if her purpose is to replace the Alayaya story arc, it's actually a brilliant change on the producer's part because Ros has played dual role in filling the audience in on some behind the scenes stuff with Tyrion, Littlefinger, Theon, Pycelle and then becomes a target of the Lannister mess later on. This gives the viewers plenty of time to identify with the character, even become fond of her if they like her - which of course helps the drama all the more. Bringing in Chataya and Alayaya in second season, when they play a smaller part in the bigger story doesn't make nearly as much sense from a screenplay point of view.
740	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-07	little finger goes into detail about the story about how he wanted some girl (it's already been established that LF loves cat), and that she was basically stolen from her by someone from the north. who could that be? then he says what he learned from that, was that he wouldn't fight them, he'd fuck them. slightly later in that episode, we learn that ned desperately need LF's help. i mean come on, how much more obvious could they have made LF's betrayel?  if they had left that last line out it would be a completely different story.you have more information about theon, and pycelle by the end of season 1 than people who read the complete first book.  let me be clear, i like the show, i think they do a good job in general.  but quite frankly it strikes me that, because the producers of the series have access to all this information about future events, they don't seem able to sit on it until it has the most impact.  they pluck the fruit before it has fully ripened.let me give you another example. one of the most loved non-book scenes.  the scene where robert and cercei are taling about danaryis.  the scene itself, i think is fine, and i don't have a problem with anything they say. but the very fact that this scene exists undermines the tension of a later scene. in the book, ned resigns as the hand and robert is furious, ned gets attacked by jaime in the streets, and the next time we see robert, he's with cersei at neds bedside. in the book, we have no idea where roberts head is. we don't know if robert is still about ready to put neds head on a spike or what.  on the tv show, between the time when ned resigns, and jaime attacks ned, we get this lovely scene with robert and cercei interacting.  we see robert has calmed down, we see he is rational and by the end, we even see he's quite saddened after discussing his love for neds sister.and now, how shocking is it going to be 
	Spoiler when tyrion finds pycelle with a whore, or when theon betrays those starks who treated him so lovingly during season 1?
It's TV, hello. They have to tell the story with the most impact in 10 episodes.
741	turdle	2012-04-07	It's TV, hello. They have to tell the story with the most impact in 10 episodes.did you read what i wrote?  my complaint is that they put too much in. and they have REDUCED the impact that these specific events will have by giving TOO MUCH information ahead of time. the way they are setting these things up, there is LESS impact and it has nothing to do with this being TV and everything to do with TMI. Little Finger is my favorite character in the book because he is grey, because you don't know what he's going to do until he does it.  on TV, because of his sexposition, they spell out his betrayel very plainly ahead of time. they didn't need to do that, they should not have done that.
742	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-07	Spoiler  Really? I didn't clock that, and I've seen episode 2. How does that make sense? Must rewatch! 

	Spoiler I'm assuming this is one of those cases where the storytelling isn't linear, this tiny detail of her being so scared her father will call her a whore etc and wants Theon to bring her for a saltwife makes the Ros scene funny as hell
743	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-07	did you read what i wrote?  my complaint is that they put too much in. and they have REDUCED the impact that these specific events will have by giving TOO MUCH information ahead of time. the way they are setting these things up, there is LESS impact and it has nothing to do with this being TV and everything to do with TMI. Little Finger is my favorite character in the book because he is grey, because you don't know what he's going to do until he does it.  on TV, because of his sexposition, they spell out his betrayel very plainly ahead of time. they didn't need to do that, they should not have done that.Yes, I read what you wrote. They HAVE to give information for in order for the non-readers to understand whats going on. It's very easy for those of us who have read all of the books to say what they should and should not have revealed. The fact of the matter is that they only have 10 episodes, at 53 to 54 minutes each, in order to explain a 1000+ paged book.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 07 April 2012 - 06:30 PM.
744	turdle	2012-04-07	Yes, I read what you wrote. They HAVE to give information for in order for the non-readers to understand whats going on. It's very easy for those of us who have read all of the books to say what they should and should not have revealed. The fact of the matter is that they only have 10 episodes, 53 to 54 minutes to explain a 1000+ paged book.and yet they chose to go beyond the book.
745	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-07	and yet they chose to go beyond the book.What would be the point of watching a show if it were identical to the book? Name one TV or movie adaptation that is verbatim to its book? You cannot. To name a few that were the closest to the book stories, but with added flair for the viewing audience were, Stephen King's, Misery, Stephen King's teleplay of The Stand and Michael Crichton's, The Rising Sun. GoT is doing an excellent job of reciting GRRM's story, while making the series appealing and comprehensible to "viewers".
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 07 April 2012 - 06:53 PM.
746	turdle	2012-04-07	What would be the point of watching a show if it were identical to the book? Name one TV or movie adaptation that is verbatim to its book?your point was that they only have so much time to cover the book right?  yet in each case, LF, theon, and pycelle, they are all outside the scope of the first book, which means that they are cramming even more into season 1 than they need to to cover the story.  BEYOND that, what i'm saying, is that the SPECIFIC things that they have chosen to show lessen the impact of future events. i don't need the show to be verbatim, i thought the scene where drogo fights his own man and takes his tongue out was awesome.  and there have been a number of other scenes which are outside the scope of the book that i think are also fine. but unfortunately, in my opinion, the scenes with ros are almost exclusively a detriment to the larger story.
747	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-07	your point was that they only have so much time to cover the book right?  yet in each case, LF, theon, and pycelle, they are all outside the scope of the first book, which means that they are cramming even more into season 1 than they need to to cover the story.  BEYOND that, what i'm saying, is that the SPECIFIC things that they have chosen to show lessen the impact of future events. i don't need the show to be verbatim, i thought the scene where drogo fights his own man and takes his tongue out was awesome.  and there have been a number of other scenes which are outside the scope of the book that i think are also fine. but unfortunately, in my opinion, the scenes with ros are almost exclusively a detriment to the larger story.If you have NEVER read the books there is NOTHING to EXPECT. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
748	Ran	2012-04-07	Plenty of great shows have been capable of the slow reveal. Just because the medium is different doesn't mean that suddenly everything has to be hammered over people's heads. I do think at times David and Dan err on the side of doubting the audience's ability to keep up, especially in the first episode.
749	turdle	2012-04-07	If you have NEVER read the books there is NOTHING to EXPECT. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />my girlfriend accurately predicted what theon was going to do in season 2, four episodes into season 1.  do you know why? because we get hammered over the head with theon's "situation" over and over again in season 1.  there is only NOTHING to EXPECT if they aren't blatently blazing a path in a specific direction. and unfortunately, they have been.  what if, in season 1, between the time when ned is taken prisoner, and his beheading, they put a scene in the show where joffery tells ros that, no matter what, he's going to lop off eddards melon.   one of the reasons the POV style works so well in the books, is that we don't have all the information.  on so many bits of crucial information, we're left in the dark because our characters are left in the dark... until the axe falls.
750	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-07	As usual it's funny to see that there are people that think the show makes it way too hard for new viewers to understand things, as well as people that think the show is patronizing the viewers.
751	turdle	2012-04-07	As usual it's funny to see that there are people that think the show makes it way too hard for new viewers to understand things, as well as people that think the show is patronizing the viewers.for me, i don't think it's a matter of patronizing the viewers, i think it's a matter of playing your hand too soon.  it doesn't matter if the audience knows exactly what theons status is during the first season, i didn't  understand his relationship to the starks until part way through aCoK.  it's fine that they discuss it more on the show, but in virtually every scene he's in, he's being talked down to by some member of the stark household, the guy can't even fuck a whore without being insulted.
752	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-07	my girlfriend accurately predicted what theon was going to do in season 2, four episodes into season 1.  do you know why? because we get hammered over the head with theon's "situation" over and over again in season 1.  there is only NOTHING to EXPECT if they aren't blatently blazing a path in a specific direction. and unfortunately, they have been.  what if, in season 1, between the time when ned is taken prisoner, and his beheading, they put a scene in the show where joffery tells ros that, no matter what, he's going to lop off eddards melon.   one of the reasons the POV style works so well in the books, is that we don't have all the information.  on so many bits of crucial information, we're left in the dark because our characters are left in the dark... until the axe falls.I know several other people who were not able put things together and had to read the books or have us give them the background information in order to understand it. People are different. I caught on to season 1 without a problem. other's didn't. Guess what, it doesn't matter. Either you you enjoy the show or you don't. I just don't understand people who find fault with adaptations, when they all say, BASED on... There would be absolutely no point in making a TV show that is exactly like the book. None what so ever.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 07 April 2012 - 07:28 PM.
753	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-07	for me, i don't think it's a matter of patronizing the viewers, i think it's a matter of playing your hand too soon.  it doesn't matter if the audience knows exactly what theons status is during the first season, i didn't  understand his relationship to the starks until part way through aCoK.  it's fine that they discuss it more on the show, but in virtually every scene he's in, he's being talked down to by some member of the stark household, the guy can't even fuck a whore without being insulted.My post wasn't directly aimed at you, and therefor not a comment on any specific issue. I've just noticed that the span goes from people thinking that new viewers can't get things, or don't get the information quickly enough, all the way to other people thinking that the show makes things blatantly obvious.But to actually comment on your point, I think it has a lot to do with how you view shows. I've heard lots of non-readers say that they not only knew what Theon's purpose was but they didn't even understand who he was until the middle of the season. Things vary between individuals, just like some got Jon's mother on the first read while others didn't even notice that there were any clues at all.
754	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-07	Plenty of great shows have been capable of the slow reveal. Just because the medium is different doesn't mean that suddenly everything has to be hammered over people's heads. I do think at times David and Dan err on the side of doubting the audience's ability to keep up, especially in the first episode.I agree that there are some shows that have a slow reveal. However, you only have to read these boards to and others to see that many people cannot put things together or see the big picture, even when they have read the books.
755	DannySpud	2012-04-07	I watched season 1 before I read any of the books, and I consider myself a reasonably intelligent viewer. I was very surprised by Littlefinger's betrayal and when I subsequently read the books I was reasonably  surprised by Theon in CoK.
The vague mistrust of LF by all the characters in GoT is extremely hard to get across without POV especially when the only proper move he makes is at the end. "The scene" was good at showing he wasn't trustworthy, but didn't reveal more than that. You don't know who's side he'll be on. Same with Theon, you know that he isn't completely Stark but not to the extent that he's going to do what he does.
756	turdle	2012-04-07	i get that this is a complex story, and that it's hard to put all the pieces together. however, with regards to my complaints, there is nothing to put together.  it isn't a matter of some people understanding and some people not.  when little finger betrays ned, it doesn't matter at all if the audience understands littlefingers past with cat, what matters is that they understand that ned needs LF help, and LF fucks him over.  that's all they need.  in season 1, it doesn't matter at all that theon is a ward, it doesn't matter at all that pycelle sleeps with whores.  no one needs these bits of info to get the story we're told in season 1.  even if the entire audience thought that theon was a stark right up until the season finale, the events of season 2 are going to clear that right up for them.
757	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-07	About Pycelle sleeping with whores, I never gave that a seconds thought, to me they where just showing that he is putting on an act of a frail old man that does just as much scheming as everybody else.
758	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-07	It appears that the rest of the children, or at least a good portion of them, were in KL.Robert's bastards are all over Westeros.  Remember, this man made the eight!
759	teemo	2012-04-08	Yeah, don't forget Mya Stone and Edric Storm and R'hllor knows who else.
760	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-08	i get that this is a complex story, and that it's hard to put all the pieces together. however, with regards to my complaints, there is nothing to put together.  it isn't a matter of some people understanding and some people not.  when little finger betrays ned, it doesn't matter at all if the audience understands littlefingers past with cat, what matters is that they understand that ned needs LF help, and LF fucks him over.  that's all they need.  in season 1, it doesn't matter at all that theon is a ward, it doesn't matter at all that pycelle sleeps with whores.  no one needs these bits of info to get the story we're told in season 1.  even if the entire audience thought that theon was a stark right up until the season finale, the events of season 2 are going to clear that right up for them.I guess that's right to an extent but don't you think that characters have to be built up in order for the plot developments to matter to audiences? You make it sound rather mechanical, as if person x only matters in season 2 therefore we only need to know about him in season 2. I think it makes for better TV if you establish the personalities and responses of the characters as well. The reason we see Robb scolding Theon in season 1 is also to establish his status: he will never truly be a stark. This is emotional info. Theon does not feel accepted. This makes his decision in season 2 a lot more understandable. If you were to cram that info into season 2, it'd be too rushed.
761	turdle	2012-04-08	I guess that's right to an extent but don't you think that characters have to be built up in order for the plot developments to matter to audiences? You make it sound rather mechanical, as if person x only matters in season 2 therefore we only need to know about him in season 2. I think it makes for better TV if you establish the personalities and responses of the characters as well. The reason we see Robb scolding Theon in season 1 is also to establish his status: he will never truly be a stark. This is emotional info. Theon does not feel accepted. This makes his decision in season 2 a lot more understandable. If you were to cram that info into season 2, it'd be too rushed.no one is saying to not build up characters, what i'm saying is don't ONLY focus on the things that are going to be of importance to the plot later, because it draws too much attention to them. in the case of pycelle, the plot development IS that he's with a whore. it's the reveal, through tyrions eyes, that pycelle is not merely an old fool, but is actively and intentionally dirty.  that wad has already been shot now, and to little effect, maybe a chuckle.  with regard to theon, his status as a ward isn't important (season 1), but that's not to say that bringing it up wouldn't be a good idea. but, in my opinion, bringing it up EVERY time we see the poor guy is pushing it too far.  tyrion rubs it in his face, maester luwin reminds him of it, ros rubs it in his face, rob rubs it in his face, maester luwin AGAIN reminds him of his status in the stark household. it's not until the end of the season, when theon pledges his loyalty (gods only know why he would given all we've seen) to rob, that he actually gets some screen time without being taken down a peg by a member of the stark household/whore.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 08 April 2012 - 09:08 AM.
762	protar	2012-04-08	I actually quite liked this scene, the only problem was the gracious nudity. It was literally as if the producers had gone "Oh shit! We've had a whole episode without sex, quick shove some in!" And the fact that they passed up a perfectly good oportunity to have a story relevant Tyrion/Shae sex scene, just goes to show how shallow they're being.
Other than that though it was pretty good. The killing of Robert's Bastards worked really well and Ros discovered clothes! /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
763	WetHair	2012-04-08	I sort of thought Ros looked heavy and surprisingly unattractive compared to last season.  I don't think administration, as opposed to actually being part of the work force, agrees with her.  It was pretty funny though to hear her repeat LF's critical comments to her and Apathetic Whore #2 as if it were now her own original view.  And whyever did she happen to have a slew of make-up taking up space in Theon's bedroom in Season One?  Why even need to refresh her looks?  Is she planning on getting more custom between Winterfell and town?
764	Envie	2012-04-08	In regards to everyone thinking Ros looks 'fat' in season 2, I disagree. I think its because she was dressed in King's Landing fashion (which are heavy brocade dresses with odd front pieces on them) and wearing her hair in the wide hair-bun fashion favored by ladies there. I watched the scene again too and there's part where she's walking away from the guards and you can see the belt / sash around her waist and its still quite a slender waist. I think filming and costume make Ros look fatter, and also, she rarely had clothes on at all in previous season so of course she looks different. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Her repeating Littlefinger's words to her when she first joined his whore house is just a clever way of saying she's now worked her way up the corporate ladder and is now in charge (managing) the place while Littlefinger's busy screwing with the throne.
765	RoamingRonin	2012-04-08	I like the character Ros, just not her story. For one: she meets a lot of important main characters. This sort of happens in the books: every main character meets and interacts with at least one of Robert's bastards. But the difference is that they are all meeting different people, not the same person over and over. Is it plausible Ros has managed to meet a lot of important people in Westoros? Yes. Likely (considering she's a whore)? No. I would like her a whole lot more if she could be integrated into the series better. She sticks out way too much as being a character made for TV. 
This is just a technical gripe but her scenes are ALWAYS louder than the rest and she's ALWAYS having sex or around it... It's just the worst to be watching the show with the volume up a little, speakers on, and all of a sudden it sounds like your watching a porno.
766	Roboginger	2012-04-10	This is just a technical gripe but her scenes are ALWAYS louder than the rest and she's ALWAYS having sex or around it... It's just the worst to be watching the show with the volume up a little, speakers on, and all of a sudden it sounds like your watching a porno.I completely agree - I live in an Apartment and this really bugs me.Another thing - the fact that LF was spying in on little peep holes kinda bugged me seemed out of character from what i imagined.
767	Rohanne	2012-04-10	I did not care for Ros in season 1,but in season 2 I seem to be coming around to the idea of an insider into several different characters. I could definitely do without such graphic scenes she tends to be in. I understand some but it is beginning to be a little much.
768	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-11	Another thing - the fact that LF was spying in on little peep holes kinda bugged me seemed out of character from what i imagined.did not see that!
769	Roboginger	2012-04-11	did not see that!LF is no common pervert, he is a devious schemer bound for great things!! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
770	turdle	2012-04-15	LF is no common pervert, he is a devious schemer bound for great things!! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />i take it as LF is spying, not meerly trying to get his jollies.
771	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-17	I have the answer we are all seeking, the character of Ros will take the place of 
	Spoiler SYRIO, the mystery has been explained; HA
772	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-11	This is just a technical gripe but her scenes are ALWAYS louder than the rest and she's ALWAYS having sex or around it... It's just the worst to be watching the show with the volume up a little, speakers on, and all of a sudden it sounds like your watching a porno.I know right! On top of that people excel, literally excel at walking into the room the two seconds such a scene takes place.As for Ros, I didn't recognize her at first, she looks so different! Her face looks like it's been stuffed. She's a good actress so I respect that, but many of her scenes seem kinda pointless from a 'I've read the books' kinda viewpoint. Which means I can imagine so-far-non-readers do have a need for her as a narrative device. Still there's something I appreciate about her presence I can't quite put my finger on. Maybe it's just that it's interesting to have a commoner as an actual character as well, because these people are after all also getting involved.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 11 May 2012 - 06:20 PM.
773	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-04	Was it just me or did anyone else get goosebumps during the wolf dream sequence? The first time we have seen one of Bran's dreams come to life so vividly (excluding the three eyed crow in season 1, of course, but that was always a bit disappointing compared to what happened in the book).
I hope we see more of this in the episodes to come, such as the parts when Summer challenges the lesser wolves over prey.
Am I right in thinking that it was a wolf who discovered the body of 
	Spoiler Stoneheart
 in the books? That would be an epic scene to see played out on TV.
774	Mosi Wanostracht	2012-04-05	Was it a dream, or was it Bran warging into Summer?Am I right in thinking that it was a wolf who discovered the body of 
	Spoiler Stoneheart
 in the books? That would be an epic scene to see played out on TV.
	Spoiler  Yes, it was Nymeria.  That whole scene was epic because it was when Arya realised what had happened and gave up on seeing her mother again.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />   Has Arya made the connection between her "wolf dreams" and Nymeria?
775	Crown	2012-04-05	It was Bran warging into Summer, not a dream.
	Spoiler 
Yes, you are right about Stoneheart. Nymeria found the body, and then left when men approached (probably the Brotherhood).
776	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-05	It was bran warging into Summer, but he still think it is a dream.
777	Francois Clegane	2012-04-05	I wonder if they'll commit with the crow more, such as Bran's dreams where it pecks at and talks to him
778	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-05	It was Bran warging into Summer, not a dream.
	Spoiler Yes, you are right about Stoneheart. Nymeria found the body, and then left when men approached (probably the Brotherhood).

	Spoiler Wasn't 100% sure about the whole warging thing since I've only just begun A Dance with Dragons. It is of course made much more clear in the Prologue what "warging" is and I'm sure that things will become even clearer as I read the Bran chapters.Also, in the context of the show, right now it seems right to call them "dreams" rather than "warging" if we're being ultra sensitive regarding spoilers.
779	Envie	2012-04-05	I would like to say the way they filmed this for the show was absolutely brilliant and simple. The viewer who does not read the books is going to have a difficult time understanding the difference between a dream and warging, especially since Bran himself doesn't understand what's happening to him. Even Osha (she has a diff name in the show?) reassures him that its 'just a dream' which gives the viewer some pause to question whether it really was a dream.The way they had Summer/Bran peer down at his reflection in the pool was simply awesome and really gave me goosebumps even though I already knew what was happening. I think for viewers not reading the books this had to be a pretty significant "ah ha!" moment. It also makes you feel so happy for Bran, because now you realize he has another way to be free and "run" on legs other than his horse or Hodor.
780	DannySpud	2012-04-05	I thought he was dreaming and warging at the same time?
(Are we supposed to be spoiler tagging even if the thread is "book spoilers" tagged? I'm new...)
781	LadyStormHeart	2012-04-05	Spoiler  Yes, it was Nymeria.  That whole scene was epic because it was when Arya realised what had happened and gave up on seeing her mother again.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />   Has Arya made the connection between her "wolf dreams" and Nymeria?
No, I don't think she has.  I hope she and Nymeria meet again in the future.
782	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-05	(Are we supposed to be spoiler tagging even if the thread is "book spoilers" tagged? I'm new...)Hah, yeah, good point. Just being super safe is all.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 05 April 2012 - 12:56 PM.
783	Hyper	2012-04-05	Arya is starting to realize her ability with animals, but she has not realized or understood her connection with Nymeria yet, it seems. She still is thinking of those experiences as dreams.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 05 April 2012 - 01:02 PM.
784	DannySpud	2012-04-05	I liked how the wolf dream was slightly green.
785	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-05	I liked how the wolf dream was slightly green.Yeah that's something I've been thinking about. I'm assuming that the creators are imagining that wolves have similar vision to dogs? The vision certainly corresponds to that shown for dogs on this website: http://www.pawsitive.../dog_vision.aspLoved how the weirwood leaves popped out. Whether that's how they're supposed to pop from a wolf's perspective or not, it certainly suggested a link between the weirwoods and the dire wolves.
786	DannySpud	2012-04-05	Yeah that's something I've been thinking about. I'm assuming that the creators are imagining that wolves have similar vision to dogs? The vision certainly corresponds to that shown for dogs on this website: http://www.pawsitive.../dog_vision.aspLoved how the weirwood leaves popped out. Whether that's how they're supposed to pop from a wolf's perspective or not, it certainly suggested a link between the weirwoods and the dire wolves.I was thinking more along the lines of "green dreams". (edit) And I don't think the colours are the same as in that link, the comet was still red for a start.
					
					
							Edited by DannySpud, 05 April 2012 - 02:07 PM.
787	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-04-05	It was bran warging into Summer, but he still think it is a dream.Bran says himself that he does not dream. I think he knows what is happening, although he may not fully understand it.
788	WhiteWalder	2012-04-06	I loved it.  I felt cheated in season 1 when we saw the crow dreams.  I wanted to see flying scenes above Westeros.  Maybe the budget has gotten bigger, or have better writers this season?
789	Mosi Wanostracht	2012-04-07	I loved it.  I felt cheated in season 1 when we saw the crow dreams.  I wanted to see flying scenes above Westeros.  Maybe the budget has gotten bigger, or have better writers this season?I think they have to start showing wolf dreams because they're so important for Bran, Jon and Arya in particular.  I wonder if they'll show any for Robb and Rickon.
790	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-07	I was thinking more along the lines of "green dreams". (edit) And I don't think the colours are the same as in that link, the comet was still red for a start.Ah yeah, good shout.
791	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-07	Was it a dream, or was it Bran warging into Summer?
	Spoiler  Yes, it was Nymeria.  That whole scene was epic because it was when Arya realised what had happened and gave up on seeing her mother again.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />   Has Arya made the connection between her "wolf dreams" and Nymeria?
Isn't that how warging works? I assumed they did it while they where asleep and took control of them in their dreams...
792	Mosi Wanostracht	2012-04-08	Isn't that how warging works? I assumed they did it while they where asleep and took control of them in their dreams...
	Spoiler Yes I think so.  Jon can feel Ghost when he's awake, but warging seems to happen when they're asleep.  Bran and Jon are aware of their wolf dreams, though, they seem to know what they are - Bran especially.  Arya doesn't seem to have made the connection between her wolf dreams and Nymeria - not even after Nym found Cat's body.
793	Bloodraven's Lost Eye	2012-04-08	Isn't that how warging works? I assumed they did it while they where asleep and took control of them in their dreams...
	Spoiler  Warging does happen conciously, but so far for the stark kids it hasn't been very conscious. There's arya warging into a cat when the Kindly old man is hitting her, however she doesn't really realize she's warging I think, even though she does actively warg there. There's also a sequence where Jon wargs into Ghost very briefly when he touches him also, there's varamyr who wargs very consciously.But warging in a dream seems to give the warg less control over the animal, the warg just sees, feels and experiences the things the animal does. Which is probably why they are so confused about the whole warging thing.
794	Envie	2012-04-08	Spoiler  Warging does happen conciously, but so far for the stark kids it hasn't been very conscious. There's arya warging into a cat when the Kindly old man is hitting her, however she doesn't really realize she's warging I think, even though she does actively warg there. There's also a sequence where Jon wargs into Ghost very briefly when he touches him also, there's varamyr who wargs very consciously.But warging in a dream seems to give the warg less control over the animal, the warg just sees, feels and experiences the things the animal does. Which is probably why they are so confused about the whole warging thing.

	Spoiler Also, none of the Stark children has had any 'training' with warging the way wargs north of the wall like Varamyr and others control their warging. Since wargs are not something anyone knows about south of the wall - they are left to figure it out for themselves, as naive children. Bran and Arya definitely seem to have the best command of it due to their circumstances where they are in life. Bran is crippled and spends most of his time in bed so his 'dreams' and warging likely mash together. He seems to fully understand there's a difference between the two but it won't be until he goes north of the wall and learns from the Three Eyed Crow (Brynden) that he fully understands what a warg is and how to skin change at will. Arya also uses warging almost by accident and then later purposefully but it seems less dream-like for her. She seems conscious and accepts the ability even if she doesn't understand what it is yet.
795	davidjones2492	2012-04-08	Isn't that how warging works? I assumed they did it while they where asleep and took control of them in their dreams...Thats how it starts with all the Stark children, as they get more practice they start to be able to do it while conscious and obviously Bran quickly learns to go much further as things move on.
796	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-10	Bran says himself that he does not dream. I think he knows what is happening, although he may not fully understand it.Well he does dream and has already had the dreams with the crow. He says this to end the conversation as he doesn't want to talk about it. It isn't fact that he never normally has dreams. In the book he believes they are just dreams for some time. I think its Jojen who explains it to him.
797	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2012-05-10	Well he does dream and has already had the dreams with the crow. He says this to end the conversation as he doesn't want to talk about it. It isn't fact that he never normally has dreams. In the book he believes they are just dreams for some time. I think its Jojen who explains it to him.I know he dreams, and he knows he sometimes dreams. I think he said this because he knew that his "wolf-dream" was not a dream, as evidenced by a later episode.
798	Xtopher	2012-04-02	IÂ´ve read the books, so I know who Melisandre and Davod are and their significance to the story, but for someone that hasnt read the books it seemed to me that the whole introductory scene for those characters was at least confusing.
I thought it wasnt made clear whatÂ´s going on in the whole burning of the seven and forsaking their gods for the new one and why everyone is so eager to do so but for 2 of them who are trying to stop her. I felt that scene wasnt as moving as when i read it. It is a very big deal to forsake your gods and it was made very clear in the book. 
Finally, the scene where Mel survives the poisoned wine...
...I dont know if im remembering it wrong, but it didnt feel right at all. It was portrayed as a sacrifice from the old man but it wasnt like that in the book. In that chapter the old man (cant remember his name) just wanted to kill Mel offering her his wine but when she drank and didnt die he had to drink as well because they all expected him to make the toast, but in the show he drinks the wine first. Why would he drink his own wine first? he knew it was poisoned! I repeat, i might be remembering it wrong but it seemed to me that this whole scene wasnt at all a sacrifice but a murder attempt gone wrong.
799	Dracarya	2012-04-02	Yeah Maester Cressen definitely didn't drink his own poisoned wine first in the book. It seems kind of stupid how they did it in the show, I agree that it makes no sense for him to drink the wine he just poisoned straight away. And I thought the poison he used was Tears of Lys, so I didn't think it had any obvious effects, like bleeding from the mouth? I could be wrong, though it's just a little nitpick anyway. 
I've seen a couple of reviews by people who haven't read the books, and the general consensus seems to be that they're confused about which gods Stannis now serves, what Melisandre is and where she comes from, and who Davos is and why he serves Stannis. I hope this all becomes apparent pretty soon, otherwise they're just going to be left with some very confused viewers.
800	Corvinus	2012-04-02	Yeah Maester Cressen definitely didn't drink his own poisoned wine first in the book. It seems kind of stupid how they did it in the show, I agree that it makes no sense for him to drink the wine he just poisoned straight away. And I thought the poison he used was Tears of Lys, so I didn't think it had any obvious effects, like bleeding from the mouth? I could be wrong, though it's just a little nitpick anyway.I've seen a couple of reviews by people who haven't read the books, and the general consensus seems to be that they're confused about which gods Stannis now serves, what Melisandre is and where she comes from, and who Davos is and why he serves Stannis. I hope this all becomes apparent pretty soon, otherwise they're just going to be left with some very confused viewers.Maester Cressen used the strangler which kills quickly. The Tears of Lys were used on Jon Arryn, and they act slower.
801	Xtopher	2012-04-02	I've seen a couple of reviews by people who haven't read the books, and the general consensus seems to be that they're confused about which gods Stannis now serves, what Melisandre is and where she comes from, and who Davos is and why he serves Stannis. I hope this all becomes apparent pretty soon, otherwise they're just going to be left with some very confused viewers.I figured as much. If i hadnt read the book i would be as confused as they. I feel they didnt make the gods thing very clear, it isnt very important now but later it will be very important to know the motivations of the servants of the Lord of Light.
802	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	Yeah Maester Cressen definitely didn't drink his own poisoned wine first in the book. It seems kind of stupid how they did it in the show, I agree that it makes no sense for him to drink the wine he just poisoned straight away. And I thought the poison he used was Tears of Lys, so I didn't think it had any obvious effects, like bleeding from the mouth? I could be wrong, though it's just a little nitpick anyway.I've seen a couple of reviews by people who haven't read the books, and the general consensus seems to be that they're confused about which gods Stannis now serves, what Melisandre is and where she comes from, and who Davos is and why he serves Stannis. I hope this all becomes apparent pretty soon, otherwise they're just going to be left with some very confused viewers.I don't agree that it's stupid. Trying to trick her the way Cressen did in the book is a pretty simple rouse while drinking first is much more convincing for the victim, even though it's a gamble since the poison works fast. Seeing Melisandre calmly drink the wine while Cressen displays the effects of the poison was also a pretty good visual.As for explaining who they are they are of course expanding on that in future episodes. The Lord of Light bit will naturally be pointed out every time Melisandre is in a scene (and possibly by someone else when it really comes out that Stannis has left the Seven) and we have been told that there's been CGI used for Davos' fingers so that's a clear indication about his backstory coming up. It took quite a while for people to get a clue who Theon was last season, to name one example, but it was sorted out.
803	Francis Buck	2012-04-02	I watched it with a friend of mine who hasn't read the books, and although he grasped that there was some kind of sacrifice going, he had no idea  why or how Melisandre fit into it. He also of course had no clue what was up with Davos, since they don't really explain his role at all in the first episode. He did, however, pick up right away that Cressen was trying to poison Mel, which I honestly thought was pretty vague and I feel like a lot of non-readers may not totally get what was going there.
Nonetheless, I must say that the Dragonstone sequence was really the only part of the premiere that I felt was slightly lackluster. It could have used even another five minutes, just to give a little background on how Davos, Stannis, and Melisandre all fit with each other. The cinematography and acting was great though, and I love all three casting choices.
804	turdle	2012-04-02	I'm totally fine with throwing the audience into the deep end. I mean, GRRM does that all the time in the books. It's only the first episode, these things will become clearer to non-readers as the story unfolds. To me, there are only a few things the audience really needs to take away:
1-Stannis' basic character traits: he is stubborn, blunt and not going to join anyone calling themselves king
2-there is some sort of religious turmoil going on
3-the red priest is a force to be reckonded with
the other details will come, and when the audience does fully understand, they will appreciate rewatching that scene more.
805	Ser Cipher	2012-04-02	When I read the first chapter of the ACOK, I had no idea who she was, what she stood for and it took me forever to make the connection.  I think they did a pretty decent job.
806	WetHair	2012-04-02	While they portrayed Stannis very accurately, Melisandre, on the whole, was quite different than in the book.  In the opening episode she was just, well, a bitch.  But in the Prologue of ACoK she tells Maester Cressen "It is not too late to spill the wine, Maester," and in the last sentence of the Prologue it reads "the red woman looked down on him in pity."  The woman we saw last night was not in a pitying mood.
807	Lord Varys	2012-04-02	It is an obvious mistake not to use another, additional scene before the burning of the idols. The way it is, we don't even get Mel's name in the first episode. The clever thing would have been to open the season with the scene with Cressen and Shireen and the white raven, with Davos arriving later and talking to him. Thus some facts could have been declared early on:
1. Stannis having declared himself King and the situation in the Stormlands.
2. The growing influence of Melisandre on Dragonstone.
3. A first tidbit about Davos's background.
Both Mel and Stannis would have been much more interesting if people had talked about them before we actually meet them. And there would have been space for this in this episode. It could have easily been 3-5 minutes longer!
808	Frozen Soul	2012-04-02	I think it was a good introduction, as turdle pointed out the viewers need those 3 basic things.1-Stannis' basic character traits: he is stubborn, blunt and not going to join anyone calling themselves king2-there is some sort of religious turmoil going on3-the red priest is a force to be reckonded with 1. Check, I think the scene when they were writing his statement was great2. Check, Religion is not very important right now, later on yes, but for now the focus is on the new Kings3. Check! The poisoning scene is different, in the books Cressen used the strangler, I dont what they used on TV but it was more dramatic, I think the viewers got the point that Melisandre is not normal and dangerous, she drank after seeing that Cressen was already suffering from the effects of the poison, yeah I believe they made their point clear. 
					
					
							Edited by Frozen Soul, 02 April 2012 - 07:05 PM.
809	Maginor	2012-04-02	I think it is wrong to view this episode as a stand-alone entity. It fits in as piece in the larger season. They will probably explain things a lot better as the season progresses. It is not necessary to explain everything about Davos and Mellisandre in the first episode. It is enough to establish that they are there and give a small glimpse into their personalities, which they did. In a book it is possible to sum things like this up in the thoughts of the characters, but on tv it may be better to demonstrate who they are by showing them act.
810	Davos55	2012-04-02	I thought it was a great intro for the main characters from Dragonstone. Obviously Davos is one of my favorite characters in the series, and I am very very happy that Liam Cunningham seems to have a great grasp on the character. As noted above, you get to see the basic characteristics of these characters, and these will be expanded upon later in the series. Davos is seen to be a man who will follow Stannis loyally, and also question his decisions when they seem rash, which is very accurate as to how he is in the books. Stannis is seen as a man of brutal honor and honesty, who is very stern and will do whatever it takes to win his crown. I loved the scene where he was helping to edit the letter, especially when he made it Ser Jaime, the Kingslayer. Melisandre is mysterious, magical, and loves the Lord of Light. These characters are all set up well, and they will surely be expanded upon greatly, starting with the next episode most likely!
If you remember the premiere of Season 1, some people were confused about Jaime and Cersei's relationship, it wasn't too clear why John Arryn was so important, and some of the main characters all had their basic characteristics show.
On a side note, I loved the premiere and I am so unbelievably happy the show is back!
811	int11	2012-04-02	I'm totally fine with throwing the audience into the deep end. [...] To me, there are only a few things the audience really needs to take away:1-Stannis' basic character traits: he is stubborn, blunt and not going to join anyone calling themselves king2-there is some sort of religious turmoil going on3-the red priest is a force to be reckonded withI agree with that. Especially the part about being thrown in the deep end. If GRRM wrote the first Bran warging chapters like ".. and then he became a wolf", I'd probably put the book down.My three non book-reading friends (who had subtitles to look at, which incidentally made *me* miss the part where Cressen adds the poison) got the following out of the Dragonstone scene: Stannis doesn't beat around the bush; the old man tries to poison the red woman; the red woman has some weird religion stuff going on, several people distrust her, and she doesn't easily die.(And none of them mentioned anything about who drank first, or asked about the name of that particular poison or whether it would disable the respiratory system or cause intestinal damage ....)
					
					
							Edited by int11, 02 April 2012 - 08:18 PM.
812	Darth Pipes	2012-04-02	I have to admit finding the poisoning scene to be odd at first but later on, I thought it made sense.  If Cressen's plan worked, Melisandre would have died and everyone would have known he did it.  Stannis would have executed him.  So you might as well plan your own exit strategy.  The only way to convince Show Melisandre that the wine was fine was to drink it himself.
813	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-02	The only way to convince Show Melisandre that the wine was fine was to drink it himself.It makes sense, but the problem is that dude was bleeding from his nose almost before he gave Mel the cup.
814	JayDubya	2012-04-02	It makes sense, but the problem is that dude was bleeding from his nose almost before he gave Mel the cup.Right - it was obvious to her that he had drunk poisoned wine, and she drank it anyways.   If he didn't start showing symptoms right away, viewers would wonder whether it was actually poisoned.  If, after a minute, he started to die and she didn't, that would be interesting, but not dramatic.   But the way they set it up - that he is dying almost instantly, and the only thing that happens to her is that little 'hazard light' pendant starts blinking - that shows how much (magical) power she has.  It sets her up as a major player, and it did it in less than a minute.
815	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-02	I have to agree w/the OP here. I got the same confusing feeling from that scene as well. I just finished ACoK last week so it's fresher in my memory, but I didn't think it was portrayed as well or as intense. I do think though Melisandre was cast well & is almost exactly as I envisioned her, but Davis is a little different, but that's not a big deal for me.
As far as Stannis goes though I think they hit the nail on the head and can't wait to see how they do him the rest of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Francisco R. Fonseca, 02 April 2012 - 09:00 PM.
816	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-02	They should have spend more time developing the Stannis storyline giving viewers a much better sense of who Stannis, Davos, Cressen and Melisandre are and what is their current position. And also adapting great dialogue and character moments.
The Prologue successfully does that in regards to all three and I think it would have made for great television if the episode spend more significant time on that aspect of the storyline. The prologue is really a pretty good story and in my view is one of the great chapters of the books. This very short in time attempt is not nearly as good and it is somewhat lacking.
Unfortunately Patchface might have needed to be cut or to just be a not particularly special fool. And their are some inner thoughts that might not be as easy to adapt. But the prologue chapter has great dialogue in it and events that work well and it could had been adapted. Developing Cressen viewing Stannis and Renly as his kids would not be a bad idea either. Maybe the show would add an additional line or two of Cressen saying to Davos (or someone else) how he raised the Baratheons and considers them sons and can't allow Melisandre possibly leading Stannis to kinslaying. So yeah I think through some adjustments it was adaptable, and it is a loss that it wasn't because it would have made for great television.  Maybe they didn't do so, because they only have ten episodes and unlike season one in this season there will be more time spend in battle scenes making time for some storylines even more limited than it might have been in general.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 02 April 2012 - 09:43 PM.
817	Darth Pipes	2012-04-02	It makes sense, but the problem is that dude was bleeding from his nose almost before he gave Mel the cup.Agreed.  That's one of the reasons it wasn't a well-written sequence on the show.
818	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-03	They should have spend more time developing the Stannis storyline giving viewers a much better sense of who Stannis, Davos, Cressen and Melisandre are and what is their current position. And also adapting great dialogue and character moments.The Prologue successfully does that in regards to all three and I think it would have made for great television if the episode spend more significant time on that aspect of the storyline. The prologue is really a pretty good story and in my view is one of the great chapters of the books. This very short in time attempt is not nearly as good and it is somewhat lacking.Unfortunately Patchface might have needed to be cut or to just be a not particularly special fool. And their are some inner thoughts that might not be as easy to adapt. But the prologue chapter has great dialogue in it and events that work well and it could had been adapted. Developing Cressen viewing Stannis and Renly as his kids would not be a bad idea either. Maybe the show would add an additional line or two of Cressen saying to Davos (or someone else) how he raised the Baratheons and considers them sons and can't allow Melisandre possibly leading Stannis to kinslaying. So yeah I think through some adjustments it was adaptable, and it is a loss that it wasn't because it would have made for great television.  Maybe they didn't do so, because they only have ten episodes and unlike season one in this season there will be more time spend in battle scenes making time for some storylines even more limited than it might have been in general.ICAM. The Prologue did a great job of setting the scene or tone as to who Davos, Cressen,  and Stannis are. I thought we got some of that in later  scenes w/Stannis, but not so much Davos and definitely not Cressen.
819	Lord Godric	2012-04-03	There's only so much they can do with Cressen given the medium. We can not get his flashbacks on young Baratheon brothers nor can we watch him sitting and sleeping in his chambers for 10 minutes. It just wouldn't work. I think he could have been introduced differently than as some defender of the faith, but I have no large problems with the way the show handled his scenes. I don't understand why it's necessary that a character be fully explained and their character revealed in one short episode, leaving these people are enigmas who want the throne builds more tension.
820	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-03	It makes sense, but the problem is that dude was bleeding from his nose almost before he gave Mel the cup.Agreed.  That's one of the reasons it wasn't a well-written sequence on the show.Not true really. Mel had to pause for several seconds to conclusively show that the wine was poisoned in order to demonstrate that she knew she was drinking poison and was confident in her survival.I don;t know why people are so hung up on developing Cressen's character. There was enough there for people to get the sense that Cressen was a maester of Aemon or Luwin's ilk as opposed to tricksy old Pycell. His purpose was to die so that Mel's magical prowess could be conclusively demonstrated. We don't need any more character development or context for Cressen than we got. He served his narrative purpose the same as Young Will in S1E1.But those who note Mel offered Cressen an out in the book are correct that the way Mel is portrayed at the moment lacks nuance and subtlety. Mel isn't all witchypoo. The fact she sees worth in Davos as Stannis' adviser will hopefully come through and people will see that she isn;t a one dimensional character. One of the worst cliches the show could commit this season is to have a one dimensional with character.I wonder if they'll bring Thoros of Myr into the picture (not on Dragonstone of course), as a priest of R'hllor but one who has a likeable, and not at all threatening personality. If Mel is gonna be one dimensional at least let people know that the religion itself isn't. But I wonder if the whole brotherhood without banners story arc isn't going to be axed entirely. I can see it happening.
821	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-03	I'm with the camp that felt that the poison scene was stupid.
Cressen is a Maester.  He has a deep knowledge of poisons.  He knows how they kill and how quickly they kill. 
He had enmity towards Melisandre.  She knew it.  The poison starts to visually kill you within 5 seconds of taking a swallow. 
You simply can't justify the stupidity.  If something is that kick a killer there is a 99% chance you'll be showing signs of being poisoned before your intended victim brings the cup to their lips.  So you just end up looking like a nutty old man who tried to pull off the shittiest assassination attempt in all of Westerosi history.
I see no reason why they would not keep it closer to the original in this case.  Have Cressen offer her the poisoned cup.  Have her smile and whisper it isn't too late to spill it.  Have her take a deep swallow.  See the disbelief in Cressen's face.  Have her hand it off to him.  Have him die.
It wouldn't have taken anymore time to accomplish then this nonsensical scene did.  Honestly this is the one thing in the entire episode that truly disappointed me deeply.
822	Eggy	2012-04-03	The scene is fine if you look at it without the book bias. There are less than 10 hours of airtime available. It's simply impossible to build up minor characters like Maester Cressen. They needed to demonstrate Melisandres power by having her drink from a cup of wine she knew to be poisoned without any reservations or fear of her dying. This was done brilliantly. 
I really advise people to start watching with an open mind. Forget the books when watching the show otherwise you'll only get more frustrated as the season progresses.
823	Songlian	2012-04-03	It could have used even another five minutes, just to give a little background on how Davos, Stannis, and Melisandre all fit with each other. The cinematography and acting was great though, and I love all three casting choices.I agree with you completely.Didn't really care for Cressen's exposition, but I think they could have explained better who Mel is and why they are burning the idols. As for the drinking scene, I prefer the book variant, but the one in the movie works, too.
824	hoelk	2012-04-03	I like the book version better but:
"I'm sorry, here, drink from this cup" sounds kinda ridiculous as a ritual of apology, while with Cressen taking a sip first it makes (slightly) more sense to me. Also Stannis and his council authoring the letter was one of the best GOT scenes so far.
					
					
							Edited by hoelk, 03 April 2012 - 06:21 AM.
825	boojam	2012-04-03	I remember, o so long ago, complaints about the first season first two or three episodes being too slow.
But I thought D&D did a fine job and the elaboration went smooth as silk, as if they had worked and reworked those episodes.
Season 1 ends on Dany, as I have mentioned elsewhere, get Winterfell and Dany covered using the beautiful comet portent.
I would scrap the Nameday thing altogether, straight to Tyrion coming to the small council that fits with last season to.
I know the actors are under contract and D&D have an obligation to give them screen time, but that will come.
Not sure how to order it, but when Dragonstone comes up give as much expository time ( with fitting artistic development) as possible. Too many characters and narrative points, which are important to plot are introduced at Dragonstone.
I can see how damnably hard it is to do an adaptation.
I should not say it, but it's almost as if D&D are overworked, they manage a vast production with a good (for now) budget,and I have to wonder how much time they had to mull that season opener? I have to wonder if even Alan Taylor is squeezed?
It's a shame that the realities of the economics , I am guessing its that, shoehorn a rich tapestry into 10 episodes.
D&D have said, I think, 10 is all they can handle, with more help could that be solved?
826	tryagainlater	2012-04-03	I do think the scene was a little rushed. I probably would be confused if I hadn't read the books but then again, I was a little confused when I read the prologue chapter in ACOK so maybe it's just the act of introducing new characters in such a large narrative.
I didn't mind Cressen's self sacrifice but damn, that was one fast acting poison.
827	Dementia	2012-04-03	ICAM. The Prologue did a great job of setting the scene or tone as to who Davos, Cressen,  and Stannis are. I thought we got some of that in later  scenes w/Stannis, but not so much Davos and definitely not Cressen.I don't think it matters.  Stannis, Mel and Davos are going to be around for a LONG time.  There's really no reason to rush into explaining their characters at this time.  As someone said it established that Stannis is a butt, Mel is a religious fanatic and Davos gives good counsel.  We have 9 more episodes and at least another season to fill in the details.  I think the story would be less interesting if they explicitly spelled everything out in the first 3 minutes.
828	Dementia	2012-04-03	I would scrap the Nameday thing altogether, straight to Tyrion coming to the small council that fits with last season to.No can do.  You have to introduce Ser Dontos and have Sansa save him.  Can't get rid of that scene.
829	Rockroi	2012-04-03	On properly setting up Stannis and Mel:I know the critisism appears to be that the first episode does not do enough to set up Stannis' character and his relationship with Mel.  I disagree, but I must confess that I would ove to watch an entire episode dedicated to just Stannis.  However, its a 10 episode, ~10 hour show and you just don't have enough time.  This first episode has to do double duty: it must RE-introduce every character, put them in the story and then reattach that character the overall plot.  THEN the show can spend time introducing the new characters.  And we are only talking about Stannis.  THere are a dozen or so new characters that require explination. The benefit Stannis has over all of them is that Stannis will be around for a book or three.  Stannis is, in fact, a major character in these books; there will be ample time to explain many of his traits and details as the season goes on.  Anything remaining will be explained in the seasons to follow.  This is not the case with other characters who will disappear one way or the other- such as Renly or the Hound. As far as Mel's relationship with Stannis and the story being confused, well, that was true in the book as well.  Hell, we are 5 books into the series at this point and, frankly, we are still not 100% certain how Mel got to Stannis and/or why Stannis even trusts her.  THat hazy disconnect to Mel is actually part of the character.  And the readers were completely baffled by her up through Clash of Kings.  The viewers will have to wait as well. On Cressen's death:Here, I give the show the benefit of the doubt. In the book, Cressen's poison play is very ham-handed and openly obvious to all.  As the scene in the book plays out Cressen must drink from his own glass.  My opinion at the time I read that chapter was that it was unclear to me if Mel ever drank the poison or if she somehow was able to physically keep herself from drinking the poison (ie- the way sugar dissolves in a glass of water; it usually ends up settling mostly on the bottom of the glass).  The reader also got a huge amount of back-story in the prologue; a back-story the show could not afford to display.  Hence, the reader knows how committed Cressen is to Stannis; the viewer does not. And so the show made a very shrewed choice- it illiminated both above problems in one fell swoop.  Cressen drinks first (much like Greedo shooting first); in that moment we are shown two things- ONE the wine is definately very poisonous.  And TWO- that CRessen is wiiling to die to take Melissandre down.  That's a huge statement to make.But then you get the added bonus.  Mel knows.  The audiance knows that mel knows.  And Mel drinks anyway.  The cup is definately poisonous and Mel knows that the poison cannot harm her.  And it does not.  With that Mel lives and Cressen dies. Overall, I can definately see the dissapointments of everyone in that the show was not as faithfuilly translated as prior episodes.  However, I think in every instance there is a logical (but by no means completely satisfying) answer.
830	tirhaka	2012-04-03	i think they just show horned melisandre..cressen and davos in there. nobody knows who they are..my girlfriend who never read the books had no idea that he was a maester and why he would want to poison melisandre. It just seem like an express ride or a asoiaf highlight reel
831	boojam	2012-04-03	No can do.  You have to introduce Ser Dontos and have Sansa save him.  Can't get rid of that scene.There are other ways of solving that.
832	hesitantreader	2012-04-03	It is sloppy story telling because all they needed to do was add one or two lines of dialogue before Cressen hobbles down the beach and people could have understood the significance of burning the seven.  I also think that they should have found time for Cressen to argue against war with Renely, but I understand that somethings need to be cut from the story.
833	Dementia	2012-04-03	There are other ways of solving that.I'd like to hear your re-write...
834	Xtopher	2012-04-03	And so the show made a very shrewed choice- it illiminated both above problems in one fell swoop.  Cressen drinks first (much like Greedo shooting first); in that moment we are shown two things- ONE the wine is definately very poisonous.  And TWO- that CRessen is wiiling to die to take Melissandre down.  That's a huge statement to make.I agree with this. If that was their way of letting viewers know that Cressen is all about protecting Stannis then cool, im willing to accept the changes from the book lol.
835	Xtopher	2012-04-03	I'd like to hear your re-write...I feel heÂ´s gonna say flashback, but those are not of GRRM liking (as we found out with MartinÂ´s 4th book.)
836	White Harbors Wrath	2012-04-03	Cressen's death scene was fine...there's precious little time as it is per episode...they didn't need to waste anymore of it developing Cressen.
If you were paying attention to the show you could:
1. Clearly see him drop the poison in.
2. See Davos notice this then ask him not to
3. See Cressen drink first knowing it would be his demise, adding impact, because he opposed her so vehemently he was willing to take his own life in taking hers.
4. See her watching Cressen visibly dying from poison, contemplating the act and then drinking from the cup herself showing she's not subject to normal "rules".
5. See some magic glowy thing glowing while she explains shes not subject to the same "rules".
It really couldn't have been shown much clearer than that...did the poison act fast on Cressen, sure, probably too fast....but why would i wanted to see 30 seconds more of an old man watching a woman wait to drink from a cup. There's absolutely no value in that outside wasting more time with fluff.
We have <10 hours to get this whole book in. It's things like this that don't need to be shown.
They can't afford to give us as nuanced of character development as GRRM does in the books...and they're dealing with a viewing base that for the most part, from week to week  wouldn't remember what happened the week prior w/o a recap.
					
					
							Edited by White Harbors Wrath, 03 April 2012 - 12:06 PM.
837	Francois Clegane	2012-04-03	I agree about the worshipping of the Lord of the Light, this is going to be confusing for viewers who haven't read the books, as if they miss words in a line here and there they're not going to know who the Lord of Light or Davos are and why the residents of Dragonstone are rejecting the seven.
Besides this, I thought Melisandre has been portrayed brilliantly, whilst Davos' character also fits, though I expected him to look a bit younger. I thought Stannis would be a bit taller, and maybe a bit broader, but, again, I think he'll be portrayed well throughout the series, such as where he states he didn't love his brother when writing the letter to be sent throughout Westeros
838	Ran	2012-04-03	No discussion based on episode 2.
I see it again, I have no problem handing out a suspension through to the premiere of episode 3.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 03 April 2012 - 12:19 PM.
839	Francois Clegane	2012-04-03	Stannis somewhat seems to be a soft character from what is shown in the first episode. He shows a bit of authority, but he doesn't display the kind of domination on screen what his brother Robert did. Hopefully, it improves in the remaining episodes.I agree when you say he doesen't really show alot of authority on screen, but I love the way he's portrayed as a man who purely sees things in black and white, such as when he's talking about him being the only rightful king, opposing Davos' suggestions, and calling Jaime, "What he is", when he tells his scribe to refer to him as Kingslayer
840	boojam	2012-04-03	I'd like to hear your re-write...If you mean so Sansa could get her maneuver in ... do away with the tourney which they did anyway... same sequence could have played out in court... Tyrion could say hi to his nephew and niece then.Dontos is not a player yet .
841	Kaitscralt	2012-04-03	I didn't mind the scene as much as others, but I most definitely thought that Cressen drinking the wine first if the effects were immediate were pretty suspect. I mean, even if Melisandre were a normal woman, he began showing adverse effects almost immediately. What if she paused to give a little toast or something? 
I'm not sure what his plan was there.
842	Envie	2012-04-03	And so the show made a very shrewed choice- it illiminated both above problems in one fell swoop.  Cressen drinks first (much like Greedo shooting first); in that moment we are shown two things- ONE the wine is definately very poisonous.  And TWO- that CRessen is wiiling to die to take Melissandre down.  That's a huge statement to make.But then you get the added bonus.  Mel knows.  The audiance knows that mel knows.  And Mel drinks anyway.  The cup is definately poisonous and Mel knows that the poison cannot harm her.  And it does not.  With that Mel lives and Cressen dies.Overall, I can definately see the dissapointments of everyone in that the show was not as faithfuilly translated as prior episodes.  However, I think in every instance there is a logical (but by no means completely satisfying) answer.I like this way of looking at it, nicely said.At first I was a little put off with the fact they had Cressen drink the wine first. But after thinking it through, I think I agree that for brevity sake - it somewhat makes more sense to have Cressen drink first which to most people, would seem like a much more believable way to get someone else (who you don't know anything about) to drink ... after you've drank it yourself. Fans who haven't read the books are not going to have the luxury of all the back story, POV and other important bits that led up to Cressen's choice and how others at the table did or did not know and therefore it may not have been as obvious if he'd tried to get her to drink first.As for how the scene with the burning idols played out, I was ok with it. I think they could have explained what the burning idols were a bit better, but to me it seemed fairly obvious this was a religious ceremony and Melisandre is obviously some sort of foreign but powerful priestess converting them. The audience of the ceremony didn't seem all that particularly happy about it but like most 'commoners' they stood silently and watched because the message has to be clear that Stannis, their Lord, wishes this to happen and they're pledged to him so they must follow his lead. As far as simplified for television, it was ok.
843	Vikingkingq	2012-04-04	I actually think the change works. In the book, Cressen's POV lets us see his anticipation that this might actually work, it's following his thoughts and feelings. In the show, instead of seeing Melisandre drink what we think she doesn't know is poison, we see her willingly chug what we know she knows to be poison, and shrug it off - that really emphasizes how powerful she is, how different she is from anything we've seen so far.
					
					
							Edited by Vikingkingq, 04 April 2012 - 12:03 AM.
844	mrnegativity	2012-04-04	I'm totally fine with throwing the audience into the deep end. I mean, GRRM does that all the time in the books. It's only the first episode, these things will become clearer to non-readers as the story unfolds. To me, there are only a few things the audience really needs to take away:1-Stannis' basic character traits: he is stubborn, blunt and not going to join anyone calling themselves king2-there is some sort of religious turmoil going on3-the red priest is a force to be reckonded withthe other details will come, and when the audience does fully understand, they will appreciate rewatching that scene more.I completely agree... the beginning of ACoK was confusing as shit, but that's ok. The confusion sucks you in, and it will almost certainly suck viewers in this time round... who is the hot woman in red? who is this scowling dude that tried to stop the old guy poisoning the red woman? why is Stannis such a hardass? etc
845	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-04	Melisandre, both in the books and on the show, not only drinks the wine because, well she can, but to show off her powers to Stannis and the other lords. "I am Melisandre of Asshai. I have powers beyond this world. Powers that will help get your king on the Iron Throne. You need me and I am indispensable...quite literally. Don't f*ck with me, fellas!"
846	CladInShadows	2012-04-04	I think a lot of these little "differences" would have been a lot more thought out than you'd at first think...
If Cressen had waited until AFTER Melisandre had drunk, and had appeared to die from strangulation, there is a very high chance that many viewers may have interpreted that as Melisandre killing him, rather than him sacrificing himself to kill her.
Think about it - in the sequence from the book, she drinks first, then he drinks and keels over unable to breathe. This could make it seem as if she has realized there was something in her drink, and is using her magic to choke him Darth Vader style in retaliation.
I think both the fact that he began suffering after drinking from his cup but BEFORE having actually poisened her, and the fact that the blood coming from the mouth emphasied that it was the drink which had killed him may have been very deliberate.
847	Auska	2012-04-04	Just rewatched the scenes, and I have to revise my earlier assessment to (even) more positive. I think I managed to miss some parts the first time.
They don't really go into detail about the Seven, but the scene makes it clear that they're abandoning their old gods, and not doing so lightly. The sideways glances and bowed heads were very well done by the extras. It also sets up Cressen's situation pretty well. The poisoning isn't too bad, as the two above posts explain, though the ruby glow could have been a little less subtle. I think they mostly just left it as a nod to the readers, since it's obvious there's some magic at play anyway.
Still didn't quite like Melisandre in the first scene outside, though. Maybe it's just the wild(ish) hair. My mental picture was always very neat. No big deal. And I think they could have highlighted Selyse a little more (unless I missed it again).
					
					
							Edited by Auska, 04 April 2012 - 05:26 AM.
848	Milcov	2012-04-04	I liked how they did Cressen/Mel my issue was with Davos. We only got a slight nod to his life as a smuggler, for such a great character I thought he wasn't introduced well.
849	Snowman3131	2012-04-04	I think I have become a "Book Snob". If people can't give up 15-30 minutes a day to enjoy the books, so be it. Or 10 minutes to even read the chapter synopsis in the wiki.
We've read the books, we know who the players are, what the symbols mean. I will enjoy the show and all the "visiual candy" it provides, the comparison to my imagination when I read them, whether or not there is continuity there for series-only watchers.
850	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	I'm with the camp that felt that the poison scene was stupid.Cressen is a Maester.  He has a deep knowledge of poisons.  He knows how they kill and how quickly they kill.He had enmity towards Melisandre.  She knew it.  The poison starts to visually kill you within 5 seconds of taking a swallow.You simply can't justify the stupidity.  If something is that kick a killer there is a 99% chance you'll be showing signs of being poisoned before your intended victim brings the cup to their lips.  So you just end up looking like a nutty old man who tried to pull off the shittiest assassination attempt in all of Westerosi history.I see no reason why they would not keep it closer to the original in this case.  Have Cressen offer her the poisoned cup.  Have her smile and whisper it isn't too late to spill it.  Have her take a deep swallow.  See the disbelief in Cressen's face.  Have her hand it off to him.  Have him die.It wouldn't have taken anymore time to accomplish then this nonsensical scene did.  Honestly this is the one thing in the entire episode that truly disappointed me deeply.I totally agree with you
851	sarah.jenice	2012-04-04	If you remember the premiere of Season 1, some people were confused about Jaime and Cersei's relationship, it wasn't too clear why John Arryn was so important, and some of the main characters all had their basic characteristics show.I hadn't read the books before watching the first half of last season, and I completely agree that I was a little bit confused with who people were, but you begin to understand in later episodes. I especially didn't understand the significance of Jon Arryn, especially because they always said his full name - no Lord Arryn. We have Lord Stark, Lord Tywin, Lord Baelish, King Robert, but always Jon Arryn. For some reason that confused me as to what his role was in the world.I absolutely love the show so it is hard for me to find any fault in it. I pictured Davos, Mel and Stannis quite differently. I always saw Davos as younger, but I think the actor brings a strong presence to the role, which I like. I understand that, with so many different locations to got to and characters to see, that they had to make the choice to only go to Dragonstone once (loved the Dragonstone addition in the opening scene). Cressen does not drink from the cup first and does die from the Strangler, which looked more like choking than poison. I think that the bloody death was more for TV to have more bloody violence (I wonder if they will make a similar decision with Joff). I liked that they included Davos trying to stop him (in the book) and Mel's glowing ruby necklace when she drinks the poison. It was nice to see a visual of her ruby's action when she's doing spells.If they include Davos's conversation with Salladorhor Saan in the next episode, I think it will explain their situation better. In Mel's speech, I was really surprised that she never said that Stannis was Azor Ahaai reborn. I always wonder if dialogue changes have a deeper meaning or if they were just trying to shorten things up.All in all, I thought it worked. My fiance, who hasn't read the books, has not watched it yet, and I look forward to seeing how he feels about it.
852	Jojen	2012-04-04	I agree that they could have added one little line about exactly what they were burning to clarify that scene on the beach and drive home the point that it's not just a war between five kings, but a clash of religions as well.I also think they should have shown the ruby at Mel's throat flash in the light as she drank the poison, just to add a touch of the supernatural to a supernatural character. I don't know why they'd downplay that. Otherwise, it's like she's Westley from the Princess Bride, having built up an immunity to iocane powder. Nothing really remarkable about that.Also, did anyone else think her accent (or lack thereof) was weird? I get that sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not supposed to sound like sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s from Westeros, but it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work for me. It was too neutral, I guess.
					
					
							Edited by Jojen, 04 April 2012 - 03:42 PM.
853	Envie	2012-04-04	Also, did anyone else think her accent (or lack thereof) was weird? I get that sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not supposed to sound like sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s from Westeros, but it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work for me. It was too neutral, I guess.yes. This.I think I expected her to look and sound a lot more exotic for some reason. I'm not complaining too much, I like the features of the actress they chose, but her accent should be very different, maybe similar to Shae's which I like.
854	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-04-04	Big error in the scene:Cressen stands up, says to Stannis: "You have chosen the new god over the old gods. May the lord of light watch over us all."*facepalm* no wonder non-book readers were confused about religion switching in the Dragonstone scenes.
855	RoamingRonin	2012-04-04	The scenes with Stannis and company were not my favorite. Stannis came off as stubborn and stupid rather than blunt and unyielding. He's nowhere near as intimidating as I imagined. I didn't like the scene with the wine and Cressen. I understood it, I got why Melisandre drank after Cressen, it was just awkwardly written. This should have been one of those moments where they followed the book line for line.
856	The Last Dragon	2012-04-05	Big error in the scene:Cressen stands up, says to Stannis: "You have chosen the new god over the old gods. May the lord of light watch over us all."*facepalm* no wonder non-book readers were confused about religion switching in the Dragonstone scenes.Well, they can't say 'the in-between-gods'. They are the old gods of the South.And to the King of the Board. Why no discussion on episode 2? It's been legally aired in some parts of Europe. Is it because of HBO?
857	turdle	2012-04-05	Well, they can't say 'the in-between-gods'. They are the old gods of the South.And to the King of the Board. Why no discussion on episode 2? It's been legally aired in some parts of Europe. Is it because of HBO?how about "you have chosen this new god over the seven,"  i think that would have been much clearer.  that's my only real complaint about that scene, is that one line. i don't think HBO needs to or even SHOULD sit there and explain every detail about what's going on, but the line, as it aired, makes the scene MORE confusing than it needed to be.
858	Caro99	2012-04-05	i was so sure that the first scene we would have to start S2 would be dragonstone. i get that they probably didn't t do this cause the people who have only watch the series wanted an intro with characters they know already. i'm okay with there not being any dragonstone in the beginning cause i'm a big fan of the Hound, and having him being the first person we see and hear in S2 was great XD
   But  i didn't like what they did with master cressen at all. in the books i adored him, but here he sort of not had the same effect on me. the actor was still good, but yes, drinking the wine first was wrong. & what's up with him runing at night in the beach when in the books master cressen took ages to climb up stairs?
but davos was great, and i like stephen's portrayal of stannis more than i thought i would. as for melisandre, when i first heard about carice playing her, i wasn't sure what to think. i sort of pictured eva green in the red priest's role, but after i saw some photos of her seducing stannis i suddenly liked her character a lot more than in the books because we don't get to see the exact moment or the way in which she managed to get stannis sort of fall for her, so i think that intrigued me. now, after watching carice i think she'll do a good job.
					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 05 April 2012 - 07:11 PM.
859	int11	2012-04-05	Well, they can't say 'the in-between-gods'. They are the old gods of the South.Surely Keep Shelly in Athens was being sarcastic.
860	turdle	2012-04-05	Surely Keep Shelly in Athens was being sarcastic.are you being sarcastic? you really don't think it's confusing to an audience that thus far, has heard of "the old gods" and "the new gods," with no reference to any other religion, and then when cressen, in this episode, says "old gods," he's refering to what the audience has known for a season as the "new gods?"  especially when the "new god" cressen speaks of has not been named specifically, and only been refered to as "the lord of light," which, for all any one should know, doesn't have to refer to a god at all, seeing as half of the characters are "lord" something or other.
861	The Last Dragon	2012-04-06	how about "you have chosen this new god over the seven,"  i think that would have been much clearer.  that's my only real complaint about that scene, is that one line. i don't think HBO needs to or even SHOULD sit there and explain every detail about what's going on, but the line, as it aired, makes the scene MORE confusing than it needed to be.Well, that would be better in fact. I always check things with my non-reading girlfriend. And well, she understands that they we're talking about the Seven, because their Southerners. "Only the Northmen worship the Old gods of the Forest, right?" Is what she said. I was startled that she remembered that from watching season One more than a year ago. But it reminded me not to underestimate the non-book reading audience. We book-readers are looking at every little detail. While non-book readers just follow the story and are looking at the bigger picture. They know this show requires a bit of attention, and also know that things are explained along the way... /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by The Last Dragon, 06 April 2012 - 03:15 AM.
862	Sixshells	2012-04-06	I thought Cressen's death was well done and conveyed what it had to convey, mainly that Mel is a force to be reckoned. I was not as convinced by the burning of the Seven. What bugged me most, but I haven't read the book in a while, what that Stannis simply left the sword where he planted it, seemingly unattended. If Lightbringer is such a one-of-a kind uncanny sword, you would think even he would make more a deal of deal. Similarly, I was not entirely convinced by Mel. I pictured her... more red and with a stronger aura I suppose. But maybe they are trying to have it progressively built up as episodes go, so I give them the benefice of the doubt.
My biggest regret is that they should have kept it at the beginning, as they have done with the Others in season 1, with the same kind of mystery and ominousness.
863	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-06	how about "you have chosen this new god over the seven,"  i think that would have been much clearer.  that's my only real complaint about that scene, is that one line. i don't think HBO needs to or even SHOULD sit there and explain every detail about what's going on, but the line, as it aired, makes the scene MORE confusing than it needed to be.It could be confusing if you're not paying attention but if you listen to the scene he's clearly saying that their ancestors worshiped the seven and that's what they are abandoning. GoT is a complex show where you will perhaps even be required to do some research to get it all. Hence why HBO made their companion guide on their site.
864	turdle	2012-04-06	It could be confusing if you're not paying attention but if you listen to the scene he's clearly saying that their ancestors worshiped the seven and that's what they are abandoning. GoT is a complex show where you will perhaps even be required to do some research to get it all. Hence why HBO made their companion guide on their site.sure, but all that confusion could have been easily avoided with a simple change of words. it's obviously not the end of the world, and i'm in the camp that it's ok if viewers aren't clear about exactly what's going on at dragonstone yet, but that one line just makes trying to figure out what's going on slightly more complicated.
865	Tw1ster	2012-04-06	I like the portrayal of Stannis....especially the first glimpse we see of him during Cressen's mad rant....very disgusted looking....very Stannis like
866	Mark Erikson	2012-04-07	I was also disappointed that there wasn't a prologue.
These worked really well for Lost.  Each season started with a teaser of something you'd never seen before (season 2 with Desmond, season 3 with the village, season 4 with...whatever, the show really started to go off the rails around then), and this was usually compelling.
For GoT, I foresaw the arrival of Ned's letter by raven (with a cool opening shot of a raven in flight).  This would introduce Cressen, who receives the raven, then Stannis, who gets to sit and listen to Cressen reading the message (which would provide a nice recap and tie-in to season 1), and Davos and Melisandre, who would be standing by to advise when Stannis declares that he is now the rightful King.  Cut to credits.  (and return later to cover Cressen trying to poison Melisandre)
Obviously, my powers of prediction aren't that great.  But I feel that this would have been a pretty good way to get the season started while introducing a new major player to the scene (also, putting Stannis up first makes it obvious that he _is_ a major player, whereas throwing him into the mix with all the familiar characters doesn't really make him stand out).
I also didn't particularly like the casting of Stannis.  He seemed whiny to me.  I always saw Stannis as a warrior type with no sense of humour because he just takes everything very seriously.  This portrayal made him look like a guy who had no humour because he's been teased his whole life, and turned into a pathetic loser.
867	Ran	2012-04-07	That's pretty much how Stannis actually is, though -- his brother constantly better than him and letting him know it, overly-serious because there's a certain amount of broken social function. Peevish and irritated all the time -- hence no one but Davos, Cressen, and small children who don't know better are the only people that love him. It's not just that he's serious all the time -- he lets you know it at all times, too, as he worries at and complains about every little slight done to him.
I dig Dillane quite a bit in the role. Sustained, jaw-grinding anger can be something that comes out of S2 and informs his S3 performance.
868	Lord Varys	2012-04-07	Yeah, Dillane really is Stannis, that much is clear. He's not to blame for the weakness of the script ;-). They even gave him his 'shadow of a beard'.
Ran, how to you come up with the 'small children love Stannis' thing? Shireen never once mentions liking her father, nor does Stannis seem ever indicating to love his only child very much. And Edric, too, did not seem idolize/like his uncle all that much. He even told Davos that his father, the really cool Baratheon, would never have cut off his fingers...
But I really hope that Shireen and Stannis live long enough to form some kind of father-daughter-bond. Shireen is Stannis's heir, and eventually he has to start to train her for her role as Queen.
869	Envie	2012-04-07	That's pretty much how Stannis actually is, though -- his brother constantly better than him and letting him know it, overly-serious because there's a certain amount of broken social function. Peevish and irritated all the time -- hence no one but Davos, Cressen, and small children who don't know better are the only people that love him. It's not just that he's serious all the time -- he lets you know it at all times, too, as he worries at and complains about every little slight done to him.I dig Dillane quite a bit in the role. Sustained, jaw-grinding anger can be something that comes out of S2 and informs his S3 performance.I agree. I think they've cast Stannis really well and the actor has a good handle on how his personality should come out to the viewers. No one is supposed to really like Stannis, Trying to like him is like trying to like a wooden statue (those got burned).Those who think he's too whiny should watch again. He's always brooding and surly. He nitpicks the scribe to death over the details of the wording of his letter, but that one letter revealing Cersei and Jaime's incest, becomes famous in all corners of the seven kingdoms. Not because Stannis chooses particularly flowery speech... he doesn't. It's famous because its brutally to the point and entirely true. At this stage, Stannis DOES have the rightful claim to the throne, regardless of anyone liking him or not. But as we all know, GoT is not as simple as claiming your right to the throne by birth. The throne has been taken by conquer enough times that no one in the seven kingdoms really believes Stannis can just waltz in and lay down his birth certificate and be handed the crown.Each of the men claiming to be king has a character flaw, and each one's is different: cruelty, passion, vanity, stubbornness - it plays out almost like the seven deadly sins and yes, there's plenty of envy in there too. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
870	King Harren	2012-04-07	oops! episode 2 discussion, just seen the warning!
					
					
							Edited by King Harren, 07 April 2012 - 10:37 AM.
871	WetHair	2012-04-08	I think the casting for them was beautifully done.  (Though I think the casting for pretty much everyone was beautifully done; I would need to think if there are any exceptions IMHO). Stannis is beyond perfect.................Stephen Dillane IS Stannis brought to life completely accurately in everything he does, says, reacts to.  He is going to be a hard sell but when all is said and done (after five hunking big books) I was rather won over.  With reservations(!) but I cared.
Carice van Houten as Melisandre I think was beautifully cast as well though I feel her introduction lacked any trace of the sympathy to Cressen that she showed in the book. In fact she was a right bitch.  On theother hand her face, at times, had a vulnerability that I didn't expect.  But she looked the part and her accent gave her more verismilitude.  Can't wait to see her little gift for us tonight.
872	Aurelian	2012-04-08	As someone who watched the first season of Game of Thrones before I had read any of the books I would say that many things in the first season were at first confusing (e.g. I was very confused about Tommen and Myrcella for a while as they barely appear in the first season) but become clearer over time and I think it was a good decision to not explain everything straight away and trust that people would follow the show and pick things up. In the same way I do think the first scenes on Dragonstone could be confusing for people who have not read the books but think like in the first season, things will become clear for them.
873	starki	2012-04-18	She was great.
Sadly, Stannis wasn't.
874	Vandalism	2012-04-18	Shouldn't have shown the sex scene. Should have mentioned it subtly. The scene kind of went against Stannis' character.
875	Ran	2012-04-01	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the pre-show (starting at 8:45PM) begins.
876	Vikingkingq	2012-04-02	I thought that it was incredibly well done for an episode that had to go everywhere and do everything to set things up.
The use of the comet for transitions was very deft.
877	Bubba Mudd	2012-04-02	I loved it.  I think this season will be better than the first.  Although, I always pictured Davos younger.
878	Crazydog7	2012-04-02	Agian the coolest part of the show for me were those scenes made for the show.  Turning Cresi into a more sympathetic charecter.
879	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	Interesting topic. Since the series began, they've had to cram a lot of book into every episode, so everything seems to happen fast to me, having read the books (more than once) before ever seeing the show, I'm always wondering if the way they present the story in the show is disjointed or seems incomplete in places.
880	sennahoj	2012-04-02	Great episode. Of course there had to be a lot of exposition, such as introducing Stannis as a new player to the Game of Thrones. Part of me thinks they should've shown Renly's camp as well, since all the other contenders for the crown are shown, but that's just a minor issue. Overall the many settings were woven together nicely.
My favourite was the opening scene in King's Landing with the melee. Joffrey was delightfully cruel in dealing with Dontos, but I just loved Tyrion's entry with his mountain clan retainers. Totally confuses the "little king". Tyrion doesn't like Joffrey, who shares Cersei's hate of Tyrion, but he seems to genuinely care for the other two children. Peter Dinklage was really great in that scene, and then crashing into small council meeting was just the icing on the cake.
The Dany scene was a little too short for my taste, but it nevertheless conveyed the desperate situation her little khalasar is in. Shame we only saw one of the dragons though.
881	Elevator	2012-04-02	I loved it.  I think this season will be better than the first.  Although, I always pictured Davos younger.That's going to be the major challenge for me.  I am usually always a "read the books first" person, but w/ A Game of Thrones, I watched the first season before reading the book.  Now that I've read most of Clash of Kings I've already got my ideas of how those characters developed and what the new ones look like.   I too picture Davos to be a bit younger and a bit more cheery.But again, it's only one episode.
882	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	I'll say the episode did a good job of introducing the new characters and picking up where they had left in Season 1.
Props to Carice van Houten, for me she was stupendous! Also good work on the direwolves and final sequence with the bastards! The coordination between the score and the images was perfect.
The episode was not perfect for me, however. The Littlefinger/Cersei scene felt out of place and out of character and some scenes were too rushed, which is understandble though given they had a lot to show in this first episode.
883	TheCheesecakeMassacre	2012-04-02	Jack Gleeson as Joffrey for a child actor is incredible, massive props to him.
884	Ygritte's fur	2012-04-02	Stannis cheery? I can't think of anything in the books that would lead you to think that. He is always described as being cheerless and flat. I thought he was actually more appealing, physically at least, than I imagined. 
In general though I think casting is one of the strongest aspects of the show. All of the actors have to convey so much back and side story that can't be fit into a tv show--and they all do a wonderful job. I'm sure that also goes to great direction. Regardless, it's well done. 
Sansa, for ex, wasn't a stand out actress in Season 1. Not bad not amazing. But she does so well at portraying the utter sublimation of self Sansa has to undertake for her survival. 
(null)
885	boojam	2012-04-02	This is down in the noise.
Why did Hodor shave, that was last season.
Can he shave himself? Or get help?
I thought he looked better with a beard.
886	boojam	2012-04-02	Like the places were there was new music, what there was.
Is someone ever going to interview Ramin Djawadi about the series?
(I mean besides little squibs here and there.)
I suppose they have him solid now.
887	Shillen	2012-04-02	I think I'll stick to the no-spoiler section because it's frustrating reading the spoiler section as all they do is complain and whine about it not being exactly like the book even though it's the best tv series ever created.  This episode was no exception, incredibly well done.  I read all the books long before the show came out and re-read them twice and I absolutely adore the book series.  But if the show followed the book exactly it would be bad.  Books and television are not the same, you cannot make them the same.  They have done a remarkable job making the books into an incredibly entertaining television series.
888	Cherokee	2012-04-02	Thought Peter Dinklage picked up right where he left off.  Dude continues to absolutely nail that role and well-deserving of the top billing.
889	JayDubya	2012-04-02	I really enjoyed the "bastard-hunting" - that was a great way to deviate from the book but give a great sense of background motivation.
890	Merentha	2012-04-02	Thought Peter Dinklage picked up right where he left off.  Dude continues to absolutely nail that role and well-deserving of the top billing.My girlfriend watched the ep with me, after not really enjoying the first few episodes of S1.  Her response after him crashing the small council and Joffrey's party was "if there's a lot of that in this season, I am totally in."
891	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-02	The use of the comet for transitions was very deft.Yes, that was most effective.
892	camradio	2012-04-02	One of the things that I was a little worried about this season was the direwolves because sometimes cgi or what have you can look look very cheesy and horrible. ( the polar bears from lost for example)
However they did an awesome job, seeing the kingslayer pissing himself as Grey Wind snarls at him was awesome.
Lastly as other people said I always pictured Davos to be younger but I think that the actor still did a good job.
					
					
							Edited by camradio, 02 April 2012 - 11:17 AM.
893	Crown	2012-04-02	One of the things that I was a little worried about this season was the direwolves because sometimes cgi or what have you can look look very cheesy and horrible. ( the polar bears from lost for example)However they did an awesome job, seeing the kingslayer pissing himself as Grey Wind snarls at him was awesome.Lastly as other people said I always pictured Davos to be younger but I think that the actor still did a good job.Actually, this is exactly how I pictured Davos in my head, Liam did a terrific job in portraying him in the first episode.
894	boojam	2012-04-02	Yes, that was most effective.The comet segues were cool.
895	boojam	2012-04-02	I thought it was OK...a little too King Herod for me.Yeah me too, can't remember the book , Robert sired that many!How many in places that are 'parts unknown'?Or places one can't get to?
896	K-Raptor	2012-04-02	I actually expected they would start with the prologue from the book and then skip to the main theme, like they did with the first season, but I got nothing to complain about that.
And wolf dreams in first-person =D That was exactly how I thought they would do them (if they would do them).
What I don't understand is why they put Vaes Dothrak in the main theme. They could've easily made it The Red Waste.
897	Robb_	2012-04-02	Loved Grey Wind, a lot more believable at that size as something that could head in and out of battles without being killed. Hope that they have all the same effects on the other direwolves (particularly Ghost).
Good episode on the whole, it felt so short though.
898	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-02	Loved Grey Wind, a lot more believable at that size as something that could head in and out of battles without being killed. Hope that they have all the same effects on the other direwolves (particularly Ghost).Good episode on the whole, it felt so short though.Yeah, I'm looking forward to Ghost.  Although, I really hope they don't have him make noises like they did in season 1.  That was one of the only things that really annoyed me... he's supposed to be completely silent!
899	turdle	2012-04-02	I don't mean to disparage Jack Gleeson's Joffrey, I think he does a fine job, but I'm surprised at how much love everyone seems to give him.  Quite frankly, it's not that difficult of a role. Joffrey is a spoiled kid in a candy shop.  Not particularly complex.  Where as Sansa, for instance, is a much more complex role (especially post-Baelor), and I think Sophie Turner, has done a great job.
900	Ghost714	2012-04-02	Liam Cunningham is always how I pictured Davos, I think he did a great job with the character. Some people have said they always imagined Davos to be younger, I have always pictured him as old as he seems in the show. Davos would need to be that old, to have so many sons, especially because four of them are grown men.
Stephen Dillane is also a terrific fit for Stannis IMO, so far I think he is nailing Stannis's character.
I am very pleased with almost all of the casting, from season one, and two. I think Sophie Turner does Sansa perfectly, that's how I always see her when reading the books. Same with Maisie Williams, she does Arya so well. I also always imagined Jaime to look like Nikolaj Coster-Waldau
The best casting IMO is Peter Dinklage as Tyrion, and Emilia Clarke as Daenerys, they are above perfect. I could mention just about everyone, because that's how we'll I think they did at casting. The only person I am really disappointed with is Hodor, I always imagined him to be much younger, and stronger looking.
I only have a few small(very small) complaints.
What was up with Lightbringer? It just looked like a normal sword after Stannis pulled it from the fire, and there was no ruby in the hilt?
I also did not like how there was that beef between Jon and Craster, and then with Lord Commander Mormont after that. That just didn't feel right to me.
I think they did an amazing job with Grey Wind, I was very pleased with that.  I do however agree with "Drinking Cersei's Tears" about Ghost, he needs to be silent! I can only hope that Ghost looks as good as Grey Wind, I kept looking for him in the First episode, I hope he is done as well as Grey Wind.
My last minor objection, was when Grey Wind got in Jaime's face, I really liked that scene between Jaime and Robb, and I thought it was a great scene that wasn't in the books, however I feel like the Jaime Lannister in the books would not have turned away in fear when Grey Wind got in his face, the Jaime in the books would have stared Grey wind in the eyes without blinking IMO, not looked away about to piss himself. Jaime was not afraid of anything, and unlike most characters, when Jaime said he was not afraid of anything, I believed him.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 03 April 2012 - 01:31 AM.
901	Chise	2012-04-02	What I don't understand is why they put Vaes Dothrak in the main theme. They could've easily made it The Red Waste.I'm guessing they needed a better reference point on the map. Plus how do you animate a desert? There's no lil model to unfold ... just flat and red and deaddammit.. I had so much to say last night and typed it all up... and then the board wouldn't let me post for like 5 hoursso I'm just gonna say: Mel saying "Do you want to stop me, stop me" to Cressen was far more badass than those words had any right to be. SeriouslyAnyone else get the feeling Mel's chain collar/choker thing is a great parody of Maesters' chains? or is that just me again...Davos - perfection so far. No complaints. Stannis still has some bits to go.. gonna need to see more of him to get a better judgementSansa, prince douchebag Joffrey, Tyrion - continue to be so good that I forget they're playing a part and believe its totally realDany having the lil shoulder-guard suddenly makes so much more sense to me. Forget any warrior-queen bits, its all about basic safety from Drogon claws /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />My only major complaint (and has been since season 1) is the writers continue to stubbornly make Cersei be far more sympathetic than she has any right to be. Also more Ros & Shae... while more Shae is to be expected, whoever had the serious boner for actress playing Ros last season needs to stop getting to the scripts
					
					
							Edited by Chise, 02 April 2012 - 09:25 PM.
902	matthewjer18	2012-04-02	Ghost714, the end of your post contains a spoiler about Jaime.  Many people who read this thread have only seen the show or read the corresponding book after each season...I did not appreciate having that detail spoiled for me.  Please edit it out.
903	iheartseverus	2012-04-02	My last minor objection, was when Grey Wind got in Jaime's face, I really liked that scene between Jaime and Robb, and I thought it was a great scene that wasn't in the books, however I feel like the Jaime Lannister in the books would not have turned away in fear when Grey Wind got in his face, the Jaime in the books would have stared Grey wind in the eyes without blinking IMO, not looked away about to piss himself. (snip)    when Jaime said he was not afraid of anything, I believed him.If I can defend Jaime here (can't believe I'm saying that!) as well as NCW's acting chops, I thought his reaction to Grey Wind was...masterful.  As the wolf slowly padded around the cage, Jaime's head turned to follow its progress, a sort of 'crap, WTF is that?'  As it stood in the doorway next to Robb, Jaime's eyes widened and focused on the wolf, and a knowing stare came across his face, as if he was recognizing,  thinking:  'This, now, is my death.'   He stared at Grey Wind while Robb was talking--just stared, wide-eyed, knowing death and facing death.  I never saw a moment where he looked like he 'was going to piss himself.'  The same when the wolf got in his face, snapping and snarling--Jaime closed his eyes and looked like he was taking a deep breath.  Jaime's exhausted, he's caged and helpless, he's been dragged from camp to camp in chains, presumably for long weeks, presumably hasn't slept or eaten well.  During the whole scene with Grey Wind, Jaime didn't scramble around or cringe or beg or lose control--he faced and stared at what he thought was to be his death, and at the last moment, he closed his eyes, like: 'Do it then, get it over with.  Be done.'   I thought it was masterful.
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 02 April 2012 - 09:48 PM.
904	Ghost714	2012-04-03	If I can defend Jaime here (can't believe I'm saying that!) as well as NCW's acting chops, I thought his reaction to Grey Wind was...masterful.  As the wolf slowly padded around the cage, Jaime's head turned to follow its progress, a sort of 'crap, WTF is that?'  As it stood in the doorway next to Robb, Jaime's eyes widened and focused on the wolf, and a knowing stare came across his face, as if he was recognizing,  thinking:  'This, now, is my death.'   He stared at Grey Wind while Robb was talking--just stared, wide-eyed, knowing death and facing death.  I never saw a moment where he looked like he 'was going to piss himself.'  The same when the wolf got in his face, snapping and snarling--Jaime closed his eyes and looked like he was taking a deep breath.  Jaime's exhausted, he's caged and helpless, he's been dragged from camp to camp in chains, presumably for long weeks, presumably hasn't slept or eaten well.  During the whole scene with Grey Wind, Jaime didn't scramble around or cringe or beg or lose control--he faced and stared at what he thought was to be his death, and at the last moment, he closed his eyes, like: 'Do it then, get it over with.  Be done.'   I thought it was masterful.I went back and watched that scene(the whole episode actually) with your post in mind,  and I completely agree with you. I just took Jaime looking away as a sign of fear, but I believe your right and it wasn't, he was super calm and collected, and it was very well done.
905	Songlian	2012-04-03	...a little too King Herod for me.Gods, yes. I was starting to wonder if they're gonna run to Egypt afterwards.The only part of the episode I didn't like.Jack Gleeson as Joffrey for a child actor is incredible, massive props to him.QFT.
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 03 April 2012 - 05:55 AM.
906	boojam	2012-04-03	Game of Thrones blows Mad Men out of the water, in the UK.http://www.guardian....thrones-mad-men
907	Giantofstark	2012-04-03	Jack Gleeson as Joffrey for a child actor is incredible, massive props to him.He is at university, aged 19 or 20. Perfectly cast /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
908	boojam	2012-04-03	I only have a few small(very small) complaints.What was up with Lightbringer? It just looked like a normal sword after Stannis pulled it from the fire, and there was no ruby in the hilt?I was puzzled too, for an episode where the CGI people know the VFX out of the ball park... that sword looked like it belonged in a 1948 FX scene!From George's description I expected something more ethereal. Don't want to see a computer game hype, but something more subtle would have been nice.
909	Francois Clegane	2012-04-03	The opening with the Hound, for me, was brilliant! And then of course, Tyrion crashing the party, with Bronn and his one-liners not far behind!
The scene with Robb, Jaime and Grey Wind was also well done, I'm looking forward to seeing the likes of Shaggy Dog, Summer, and especially Ghost with the CGI that seems to have been implemented ino the show
910	walter90	2012-04-03	I enjoyed Tyrion's entrance as well. Two interesting notes. Bronn looks and acts like my friend Charles and Davos bears an uncanny resemblence to me! Lol.
I loved the way Tyrion walked up to Joffrey and basically pushed him around. Joffrey fears the little man me thinks. As Tyrion walked away Joffrey was asking why are you here? Tyrion ignored him. Perfect!
911	Ran	2012-04-04	He's 6'6", and the armor adds a lot of breadth, but he's a fairly strapping Scotsman.
912	sennahoj	2012-04-04	After watching the episode again I took more notice of another great scene, and that's "Lord" Bran receiving petitioners. Isaac has rightfully been praised for his portrayal of Bran before, but what really struck me was the great chemistry between Bran and Maester Luwin. Maybe I didn't pick up on it that much in the books, but in the series Maester Luwin seems more than just an advisor and tutor to Bran, but a kind of father or rather grandfather figure. You could already see some of that in the first season when Bran got his geography or heraldry lesson from Luwin (don't know what else to call it), but the relationship seems to have developed since then from "tutor and (stubborn) pupil" to something like "grandfather/grandson". Of course that shouldn't be too surprising, with the whole family (apart from Rickon) gone from Winterfell.
913	Fakko	2012-04-04	I thoroughly enjoyed the episode, but two things bothered me:
1.  Joffrey's gift of wine to the contestant seemed like he was playing with him (ie. allow him to become drunk and quickly fall in battle).  I was surprised when his benign order resulted into forced consumption. 
  Is it understood by all that any order Joffrey gives should be carried out in te most vile and violent manner?
2.  Littlefinger's power play with Cersi. As crafty and duplicitous as he is why would he reveal his knowledge of her sins?  He had little to gain if anything and he knows how ruthless she is. 
It was a serious wtf moment for me. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.  Why try and antagonize the evil manipulative mother of the petulantly sociopathic boy king?
914	Aoife	2012-04-04	While I've got you hear, King of the Boards, I keep trying to get help, but nobody's answered any of my emails, so let me ask you:  Whenever I try to view anyone's profile, including my own, it keeps saying "You are not permitted to view member profiles."How come, why not, and how do I change this?I know the mods are all really busy, so I hope you don't mind if I step in. Hi. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> For your first question:http://asoiaf.wester...e-your-profile/Also, I see people have different ranks (Commoner, Hedge Knight, etc), how do these change?http://asoiaf.westeros.org/index.php?app=forums&module=extras&section=boardrules (Search for "posting levels".)
915	Tyytan	2012-04-05	1.  Joffrey's gift of wine to the contestant seemed like he was playing with him (ie. allow him to become drunk and quickly fall in battle).  I was surprised when his benign order resulted into forced consumption.  Is it understood by all that any order Joffrey gives should be carried out in te most vile and violent manner?Yeah I agree with this. I assumed Joffrey was allowing him to get so plastered he got butchered and humiliated in the fight, not sure if that's what Joffrey had in mind or not.
916	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-10	I only have a few small(very small) complaints.What was up with Lightbringer? It just looked like a normal sword after Stannis pulled it from the fire, and there was no ruby in the hilt?Lightbringer in CoK is exactly how it was. Stannis leaves it, Davos pulls it out of the ground after and it is ruined by the flames and oil. I think Davos thinks to himself about how it was more a show of power and Stannis's actions (leaving the sword) shows he's just going through the motions and not actually buying into this red god melarky hook, line and sinker.
917	Chelisandre	2012-04-13	The stuff about Lightbringer and the melee is explained much better in the book. I will explain it better in a spoiler tag below, in case there are some who don't want the better explanation:
	Spoiler The melee scene was poorly acted. Dontos was supposed to be taking it seriously but stumbles in all drunk and not apologetic enough for Joffery's liking. Joffrey was supposed to be deeply offended at such an insult on his Name Day. Joffrey didn't act it well enough to convince us, the audience, that "see he gets his fill" meant to force him to drink the keg of wine till he burst.
The Lightbringer issue is that in the book there is speculation that it is not the real Lightbringer and therefor speculation that Melisandre is not being completely honest with Stannis about her intentions. The sword they called Lightbringer had to be artificially inflamed, whereas the real LB is supposed to burn of its own accord. Melisandre is supposed to have some kind of supernatural hold over Stannis, almost like she has him under a spell.
918	Skywarpgold	2012-04-02	So, I was watching the episode on HBO Go with the enhanced features turned on, when a Meryn Trant pop-up appeared, with the following description:"Ser Meryn: The Kingsguard member who killed Syrio Forel and struck Sansa at Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bidding"Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a screen-cap.So is that final confirmation that Syrio is actually dead and Jaqen Hâ<U+0080><U+0099>ghar is a completely different person?!
					
					
							Edited by Skywarpgold, 02 April 2012 - 05:37 PM.
919	Dracarya	2012-04-02	Couldn't access the link for some reason, but if it's true that he killed Syrio, well, this hurts me.
920	Skywarpgold	2012-04-02	Couldn't access the link for some reason, but if it's true that he killed Syrio, well, this hurts me.Ack, not sure what happened with that! I think I fixed it though. Thanks for the heads up!
921	teemo	2012-04-02	I think Ran sums it up well in the episode discussion thread:The little text bits on the web site for HBO, describing various characters, are not written by the production, I think. So that may well be some web person's assumption.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 02 April 2012 - 05:43 PM.
922	Laohu	2012-04-02	After the number he did against the 4 Lannister henchmen prior to his "end", I do not see how anyone could presume that Syrio fell at the hands of Ser Meryn. That was purposefully left up in the air by GRRM, both in the books and his own written episode 8.
923	Skywarpgold	2012-04-02	Ah! That would make sense, and certainly make me feel a whole lot better!
924	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	After the number he did against the 4 Lannister henchmen prior to his "end", I do not see how anyone could presume that Syrio fell at the hands of Ser Meryn. That was purposefully left up in the air by GRRM, both in the books and his own written episode 8.It's hardly a stretch to think that even someone like Syrio would fall to a fully armored knight of the King's Guard (might not be Arthur Dayne but not chopped liver either) while only having a broken stick as a weapon. There's no evidence either way and both outcomes are supposed to be within the realms of possibility.
925	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-04-02	It's hardly a stretch to think that even someone like Syrio would fall to a fully armored knight of the King's Guard (might not be Arthur Dayne but not chopped liver either) while only having a broken stick as a weapon. There's no evidence either way and both outcomes are supposed to be within the realms of possibility. I think you're right that it's not out of the realm of possibility, but Trant is such a classless oaf that it is too depressing to consider.
926	Trebla	2012-04-02	Speaking of Trant, I was wondering if he may end up taking up Mandon Moore's role in the Battle of the Blackwater. While Tyrion surely will not be losing a nose, the attack serves the purpose of putting Tyrion out of action and thereby waking to find himself pushed from power. Trant dying would also give the audience some pleasure since he has been and will continue to be Sansa's physical tormentor.
927	Hyper	2012-04-02	So, I was watching the episode on HBO Go with the enhanced features turned on, when a Meryn Trant pop-up appeared, with the following description:"Ser Meryn: The Kingsguard member who killed Syrio Forel and struck Sansa at Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bidding"Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a screen-cap.So is that final confirmation that Syrio is actually dead and Jaqen Hâ<U+0080><U+0099>ghar is a completely different person?!Not a 'final confirmation'... but c'mon... Did you really think that Syrio and Jaqen Hâ<U+0080><U+0099>ghar was/is the same person? It is one of the silliest fan theories out there.Couldn't access the link for some reason, but if it's true that he killed Syrio, well, this hurts me.Occam's razor applies. It has always been the likely outcome. Don't let wishful thinking tell you otherwise.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 02 April 2012 - 07:42 PM.
928	Maginor	2012-04-02	Even though this is not a reliable source, I also think that Meryn Trant most likely did kill Syrio.
929	boojam	2012-04-02	So is that final confirmation that Syrio is actually dead and Jaqen Hâ<U+0080><U+0099>ghar is a completely different person?!I don't think that came from George, did it?I think the Syrio - Jaqen masquerade is all fan invented.
							Edited by boojam, 02 April 2012 - 09:11 PM.
930	The Unborn	2012-04-02	Trant killed Syrio, period. Syrio didn't want to run, he didn't take a sword from a Lannister guard when he easily could and Trant is still alive and kicking. The outcome for me is pretty clear.
931	Umberto	2012-04-02	Trant killed Syrio, period. Syrio didn't want to run, he didn't take a sword from a Lannister guard when he easily could and Trant is still alive and kicking. The outcome for me is pretty clear.Because GRRM never makes it look like people die and have them actually be alive right? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
932	As high as honor	2012-04-02	I think you need re watch episode 8 of season 1. right before the scene cuts out the Lannister guards begin rise to their feet. 5 on one with a broken wooden sword? I'm pretty sure he is dead. I think GRRM actually stated that Syrio did not survive in an interview.
933	Howdyphillip	2012-04-03	I think you need re watch episode 8 of season 1. right before the scene cuts out the Lannister guards begin rise to their feet. 5 on one with a broken wooden sword? I'm pretty sure he is dead. I think GRRM actually stated that Syrio did not survive in an interview.Absolutely 100% false... GRRM has never elaborated about the fate of the sword master of Bravos.
934	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	Syrio was fucking awesome, but it would cheapen his character to bring him back. The sacrifice is what made that scene so poignant.
935	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-03	Syrio was fucking awesome, but it would cheapen his character to bring him back. The sacrifice is what made that scene so poignant.Pretty much this.Here's a clip from an interview with Martin. I like the point he makes about Tolkien, that Gandalf should have stayed dead."Much as I admire Tolkien, I once again always felt like Gandalf should have stayed dead. That was such an incredible sequence in Fellowship of the Ring when he faces the Balrog on the Khazad-dA»m and he falls into the gulf, and his last words are, "Fly, you fools."What power that had, how that grabbed me. And then he comes back as Gandalf the White, and if anything he's sort of improved. I never liked Gandalf the White as much as Gandalf the Grey, and I never liked him coming back. I think it would have been an even stronger story if Tolkien had left him dead.My characters who come back from death are worse for wear. In some ways, they're not even the same characters anymore. The body may be moving, but some aspect of the spirit is changed or transformed, and they've lost something. One of the characters who has come back repeatedly from death is Beric Dondarrion, The Lightning Lord. Each time he's revived he loses a little more of himself. He was sent on a mission before his first death. He was sent on a mission to do something, and it's like, that's what he's clinging to. He's forgetting other things, he's forgetting who he is, or where he lived. He's forgotten the woman who he was once supposed to marry. Bits of his humanity are lost every time he comes back from death; he remembers that mission. His flesh is falling away from him, but this one thing, this purpose that he had is part of what's animating him and bringing him back to death. I think you see echoes of that with some of the other characters who have come back from death."
936	lmanion	2012-04-03	Syrio's 'death' is off screen we never 'see' him die though, he is a fairly minor character really his death is really implied although this is something we have seen a few times through the books only for the character to pop up again later. Admitedly this has mostly happened to POV characters like with Arya.
937	Stark 4 ever	2012-04-03	Speaking of Trant, I was wondering if he may end up taking up Mandon Moore's role in the Battle of the Blackwater. was thinking the same thing since the didn't show any other kingsgaurd. and trant doesn't really play an important roll later in the series IIRC
938	Bolivar	2012-04-03	Arya comments on a strange similarity between Jaqen and Syrio in her first chapter of ACoK. She's also clinging to the lesson of "seeing."
939	Xtopher	2012-04-03	Dont you think Jaqen would have told Arya he was Syrio?
why wouldnt he?
940	Ran	2012-04-03	I don't know... maybe the fact that they're an arcane guild of assassins suggests they have rules and beliefs about what they do, and those rules and beliefs may extend to not talking about who they've been previously to outsiders?
941	Xtopher	2012-04-03	But he obviously wants Arya to become one of them, as he gave her the coin and the words. I havent read feast so i dont know if thats true or not but it is a good guess at that point right?
942	Ran	2012-04-03	Even so, he may not be allowed to discuss past identities.
943	Abaddon	2012-04-03	Look, the truth of whether Syrio lives is known only to one person -- George... (okay, maybe his wife, maybe D&D).  It's ambiguous, both in the books and the show, and I think for a reason.  I don't expect we will ever have a resolution, personally.  I think George likes to tweak his readers that way.  (Caveat: if D&D know, that would imply we will have a resolution, otherwise there's no need for them to know).  Maybe it also gives him a way out of writing a death scene for a personally loved but not story critical character, for that matter.
I do find it weird that people are trying to apply logic (Occam's Razor for example) to something that is literally the whim of a single individual writing an entirely fictional story.  George has done far sillier stuff than this.  Syrio did not die on-screen so having him "come back to life" doesn't apply.
My prediction: we'll never know.  Personally, I think he died and (obviously) isn't Jaqen.  But we have no hard evidence to prove it one way or another.
On topic, I don't think the HBO GO tidbit proves anything at all, there's no way whoever wrote that has that information one way or another.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 03 April 2012 - 01:32 PM.
944	WinterWarrior	2012-04-03	Syrio is dead, unfortunately, at the hands of Trant. I wonder though if his face is somehow among the dead in Braavos...don't want to put a spoiler in for those who have not read Book 5....I see no way that Syrio is Jaqen, no way!
There is a difference between recuscitation and resurrection. Gandalf the White was more like a resurrected being, the same being yet transformed to a higher being that was its nature all along; Martin's living dead are more like rescuscitated corpses, already somewhat decomposed both physically and spiritually. In Christian biblical stories it is the difference between resurrection (Jesus) and rescuscitation (Lazarus). Lazarus had started decomposing, smelled and was a "living" corpse after 3 days in the tomb.  (Ok, we are getting close to Easter here, so that came to mind). Martin's resuscitated dead make me think of Lazarus type creatures.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 03 April 2012 - 01:51 PM.
945	Rockroi	2012-04-03	I think its 95% chance that Syrio is dead.  Its pretty clear; older man armed with a wooden sword going against a well armed and armored (don't forget that) knight of the KG.  Martin himself talks about that scene and states that in the book it makes more sense how the scene played out (the Lannister men were unarmored or in half-helms etc).  Therefore, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s very hard to figure out how Syrio could have stayed alive. This says nothing of Trant who, you would think, would know if they guy he was fighting ended up dead.  That does seem tricky?  How could Syrio still be alive if Trant was, you know actually trying to kill him?  Did Trant just forget who he was?
The remaining 5% is the new direction the stories have been trending (see Spoiler vision below) wherein characters are killed before our very eyes OR in such a manner as to seem as if a death has taken place only to discover the character is very much alive.  I'm not saying that has happened here.
What I am saying is that Martin obviously wanted to keep that window open just in case a story idea presented itself later wherein Syrio's return (especially neaer to Dany) may prove valuable.
However, my bottom-line is this: there is zero evidence Syrio is alive.  None.  Not one bit.  Nothing.  So, if he does come back, the author has some explaining to do.  And it better be better than... well, see below...
	Spoiler 
Here is a list of characters the books declared dead at some point but we have since come to understand that that same character is still alive:
Bran Stark
Rickon Stark
*Catlyn Stark
*Bedric Dondarion
Sandor Clegane (unclear)
Gregor Clegane
Davos Seaworth
Aegon Targaryen (VI)
Lord Connington
*Mance Ryder
Stannis Baratheon (unclear)
So, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a lot of characters there; that includes several POVs and a variety of important and not-so important characters.  Several of the characters - such as Cat and Mance - we actually SAW them die (hence the * above) ; we did not hear about them dying; we didn't infer it as if they died in an explosion; Dr. House did not show up to inform us of what REALLY happened.  No- saw them die.  And then they return.  In the cases of the Hound and Stannis there appears to be some source that declares the character dead, but we have no evidence to make us think that way.  So...
If Mance Ryder can still be alive after we saw him burn to death, then maybe Syrio can still be alive.  However- see my statement above- we have NO EVIDENCE that he still lives.  

I used the spoiler vision because I am unclear about talking about events that occurred after the series.  So, better safe than sorry.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 03 April 2012 - 03:29 PM.
946	Envie	2012-04-03	I think that side note is misleading and inaccurate.
GRRM purposely left Syrio's end scene with Trant out... he does that a lot when he wants mystery involved, and HBO kept with that theme for the scene as well. BUT, there is one tiny hint in the show that may or may not have been given the nod from Martin. Replay that scene's end again and again a few times.
As Arya is running away, you hear the remainder of the fight behind her ... a shout, the clatter of a METAL sword (remember, Syrio only had half a wood one left) hitting the ground, and then the sounds of several other men in agony. Does that sound like Syrio dying to you? To me it sounded like Syrio disarming Trant's sword and the yelling may be Syrio running off and being chased or the other guards. If Martin allows hints in the television series, then that's a good one in my book.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 03 April 2012 - 11:00 PM.
947	lmanion	2012-04-03	The question to me is would he have killed Trant or just KOed him as in the books as Arya is running away she reflects that the other guards are either dead or dieing. Trant being alive can be evidence either that he killed Syrio or Syrio KOed him and escaped which is what makes it a pretty cool little mystery.
948	Grail King	2012-04-04	Trant is a scum bag, I picked up on the metal to metal contact in the scene as Arya ran, I think GRRM purposely left that open so if he decides to bring Syrio back he will show Trant as deceiving Cersei so he doesn't come off as a failure in her eyes.
949	Vuron	2012-04-04	Trant is a scum bag, I picked up on the metal to metal contact in the scene as Arya ran, I think GRRM purposely left that open so if he decides to bring Syrio back he will show Trant as deceiving Cersei so he doesn't come off as a failure in her eyes.I don't think it has anything to do with Trant's deception.  Trant's mission was never to kill Syrio, but only to capture Arya.  It makes no difference to Cersei whether Syrio is still alive, or not, as he was only a dancing master.Personally, I think Syrio is dead and believe there is more evidence that he is dead compared to the evidence that he is alive.  The only evidence that he's alive is that we don't actually see him die.
950	Jaxom 1974	2012-04-04	What I am saying is that Martin obviously wanted to keep that window open just in case a story idea presented itself later wherein Syrio's return (especially neaer to Dany) may prove valuable.Agree with this.What's interesting is that the ambiguity of Syrio's death in both the story and the show makes for an interesting option for the show runners.  What if they choose to have Syrio actually be alive, while GRRM always intended that he be dead...?  Would they make that adjustment?
951	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2012-04-04	It's a TV show. The audience thinks that Trant killed Syrio because of the way it was filmed. Therefore the inconsequential side blurb on HBO is going to refer to that momentous scene in a way that fits with the audience's perception of it, regardless of whether it is 'true' or not.Anyways, I absolutely adore the guy who plays Trant. What a slimy bad-ass. That scene with Syrio was phenomenal. He's a wonderful villian.
					
					
							Edited by JetboyGirl, 04 April 2012 - 11:08 AM.
952	Greywolf2375	2012-04-04	Agree with this.What's interesting is that the ambiguity of Syrio's death in both the story and the show makes for an interesting option for the show runners.  What if they choose to have Syrio actually be alive, while GRRM always intended that he be dead...?  Would they make that adjustment?Subsituting one character for another, removing characters altogether I think they can get away with. If  the books go in one direction and the show decides to go in another for something like that I think it would be very had to justify that.  There definitely have been TV characters in the past that have either returned from the dead or were supposed to die but ended up staying on because of fan feedback (Spike on Buffy 7 Helo on BSG as examples).I'm one of the first to say the book/= the TV show, but a change like that would be too much IMO.
953	Maester Murks	2012-04-04	I do find it weird that people are trying to apply logic (Occam's Razor for example) to something that is literally the whim of a single individual writing an entirely fictional story.Well, that's what fans do, especially in SF and Fantasy /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
954	Leofric	2012-04-04	GRRM purposely left Syrio's end scene with Trant out... he does that a lot when he wants mystery involved,GRRM left it out because he's restricting himself to POV narratives... Arya didn't stay to see what  happened so we didn't see how the fight ends.  But I think Syrio is dead and would be disappointed if that wasn't the case.   If Syrio lives, then it cheapens his sacrifice dying to save Arya, it cheapens his honor that the First Sword of Braavos did, in the end, run, and it cheapens his lesson to Arya to "see with your eyes" where she realizes he can't win against the better armed adn armored Trant.
955	Envie	2012-04-04	But I think Syrio is dead and would be disappointed if that wasn't the case.   If Syrio lives, then it cheapens his sacrifice dying to save Arya, it cheapens his honor that the First Sword of Braavos did, in the end, run, and it cheapens his lesson to Arya to "see with your eyes" where she realizes he can't win against the better armed adn armored Trant.I disagree. I don't think it cheapens the lesson at all. Syrio was not just a braggart about his skills, nor were all the things he taught Arya about being faster, lighter, quieter and more observant just a bunch of 'wind' so to speak... Obviously a Bravosi is going to have the upper hand over a heavily armored opponent with the more fencing style of sword play. I'm not saying there's NO way a good knight with sword and armor is going to have beaten Syrio because yes, the fact remains he only had a broken wood stick left and Trant is supposedly a great fighter if he's kingsguard in the first place. So its entirely possible he did die to save Arya but I'm not going to be disappointed if he's alive and used later in the story.He did say "Not today!" with Arya to make a point to her that she must escape and live...but I'm also hoping it was for himself.And I'm sticking with my theory that the multiple shouts you hear as well as a metal sword clattering to the ground is Syrio's escape, not death.
956	Joe Scallywag	2012-04-07	Absolutely 100% false... GRRM has never elaborated about the fate of the sword master of Bravos.I saw an interview with him where he said he was surpriced this question came up so often, while he didn't confirm definetly that he was dead he said something like: "Syrio was certainly left in a hopeless situation and I'll leave it to you to draw your own conclusions from that"
957	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-10	I think that side note is misleading and inaccurate.GRRM purposely left Syrio's end scene with Trant out... he does that a lot when he wants mystery involved, and HBO kept with that theme for the scene as well. BUT, there is one tiny hint in the show that may or may not have been given the nod from Martin. Replay that scene's end again and again a few times.As Arya is running away, you hear the remainder of the fight behind her ... a shout, the clatter of a METAL sword (remember, Syrio only had half a wood one left) hitting the ground, and then the sounds of several other men in agony. Does that sound like Syrio dying to you? To me it sounded like Syrio disarming Trant's sword and the yelling may be Syrio running off and being chased or the other guards. If Martin allows hints in the television series, then that's a good one in my book.GRRM didn't show Syrio's death in the series because:1. The scene was much more emotional leaving him fighting against the odds than seeing another grusome death.2. People have been talking about this scene for over a decade. It is brought up at least once a week on these boards, why tie it up when you can leave it another talking point for people to debate and get into the show (& books) more
958	Silverx2	2012-04-12	is jaqen able to change his height? Changing his face? sure okay, but growing a foot and a half? i dont by it. Syrio is slightly taller then arya, Jaqen has her beat in height by at least 2 feet.I just dont by that he can grow and shrink at will like that.jaqen=/= syrio
959	Hanley	2012-04-03	Just wondering did anyone notice characters in the first episode that will have a prominant role later in this season. I think we are given a brief shot of the next Commander of the GoldCloaks when the 'Bastard patrol' is killing every black haired person under the age of 20 in KL, it's when you see a GoldCloak carrying a baby by the leg, the camera zooms to another GC standing against a wall, it isn't Janos Slynt, so is it possible it is Ser Jaceyln Bywater? Anyone else notice stuff like this? Think the identity's of the Kingsguard would be helpful, we know which one is Boros Blount, but which is Arys, Mandon etc.
960	lmanion	2012-04-04	Ser Meryn Trant was there at Joffs name day
961	TheDrawback	2012-04-04	Yeap IIRC especially when Bywater get's killed en this person plays an other part so im curious as to how that will work out. Might be they leave that out entirely though
962	boojam	2012-04-04	Just wondering did anyone notice characters in the first episode that will have a prominant role later in this season. I think we are given a brief shot of the next Commander of the GoldCloaks when the 'Bastard patrol' is killing every black haired person under the age of 20 in KL, it's when you see a GoldCloak carrying a baby by the leg, the camera zooms to another GC standing against a wall, it isn't Janos Slynt, so is it possible it is Ser Jaceyln Bywater? Anyone else notice stuff like this? Think the identity's of the Kingsguard would be helpful, we know which one is Boros Blount, but which is Arys, Mandon etc.I thought that was just a random Gold Cloak.For the third time I mention the disgust on his face, a unique placement for the narrative, not all writers and directors would think of a shot like that.
963	Hanley	2012-04-04	Ser Meryn Trant was there at Joffs name daySorry, got mixed up between Trant and Blount
964	TheDrawback	2012-04-04	Sorry, got mixed up between Trant and BlountI don't even get them in the books but don't pay too much attention to it either
965	Milcov	2012-04-04	They'll have to try distinguish Arys from the others as I think he's generally a bit nicer to Sansa and it'd be easier if he's known in advance of the Dorne scenes with Arianne.
966	Lady Lilac	2012-04-04	Out of the KG, the most I'm expecting to see are Blount and Trant who have been introduced already I think (I'm having a bit of trouble distinguishing between them). And hopefully Arys.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Lilac, 04 April 2012 - 07:53 AM.
967	NW Deserter	2012-04-04	When have we been introduced to Blount? I think the only KG who have been named are Meryn and the three bigger characters (Barristan, Jaime, Sandor).
968	Thunderfist	2012-04-04	When have we been introduced to Blount? I think the only KG who have been named are Meryn and the three bigger characters (Barristan, Jaime, Sandor).As far as I know, this is correct. Other KGÂ´s have certainly been seen on screen, but I canÂ´t remember them being named
969	Impfan	2012-04-04	SIAP, but did anyone else notice that Ser Dontos's breastplate was painted to resemble the American flag?  It's top was blue with little white designs (more likefleurs de lys than stars) and the bottom had a couple of red stripes.  I may be a bit of a cynic but I don't think something like this is merely coincidental.  I note that the production staff and actors are overwhelmingly non-American, although I presume the two top producers are Americans.Anybody else wonder about the design of Ser Dontos's breastplate?Thanks for any thoughts.
970	LuisDantas	2012-04-04	Ser Dontos Hollard's coat of arms has been established for years.
971	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-04	In season one they were very careful about the revealing of the Kingsguard's faces. Only ones that were important to the story were revealed, the rest were hidden under helmets so that, I am assuming, they could be cast at a later date.
972	the Scorpion Knight	2012-04-04	the Lack of Shireen and Patchface is noticable
973	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-04	the Lack of Shireen and Patchface is noticableJust as I doubt we'll see Edmure and Hoster this season, I think we may see Shireen at least somewhere down the line. It's easier introducing a whole bunch of characters in a book (especially given the family lists at the back of each book) than in a TV show. No need to introduce them yet until they become absolutely central to the plot. I reckon Shireen will come into it 
	Spoiler when Davos leaves prison becomes Stannis' Hand and takes up his writing/reading lessons. The maester who teaches him will also be the one who teaches Shireen. By then, Stannis will be a know figure to the audience so his close family will start to be introduced.
 Maybe.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 04 April 2012 - 09:19 AM.
974	Lady Stormheart	2012-04-12	Ghost.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Stormheart, 12 April 2012 - 03:16 AM.
975	Laohu	2012-04-02	I was slightly disappointed very early in the season premiere when I noticed that we were not going to see a prologue setup featuring Dragonstone, similar to what we saw last season beyond the Wall. Why did the production decide to alter this format? Was anyone else expecting to see a solid 10-15 minutes of Dragonstone to kick off the season?
It seemed to me, at least, that a prologue would be the logical direction to take to signify a new season and introduce three monumental characters (Stannis, Mel and Davos). From what I have read so far in various threads, there is a general consensus that the short Cressen story arc was not nearly  as effective as the way things played out in the books. They would not have even needed to sacrifice much more time in the episode to showcase Dragonstone in a way that would impact the TV audience much like the White Walker / Other made its presence known in the pilot episode.
What were your reactions? Does anyone have some information on why David and Dan decided against a similar setup to S1?
976	kissdbyfire	2012-04-03	I beg to differ, I think it was the right decision. Introducing new characters and new plot lines to people who haven't necessarily - and probably didn't - read the books would have made things really confusing and hard to understand for those viewers. Different media require different approaches, and I think they did brilliantly!
977	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	I was disappointed personally, as I loved the season 1 prologue and I was looking forward to this one, because I thought it was great in the book.
It might be the right call for TV only viewers, though.
978	kissdbyfire	2012-04-03	I hear you. I love that prologue too, and was looking forward to it. I'll even admit I was a bit disappointed for a fraction of a second, but then I thought about what I wrote upthread and thought it made sense.
979	Lord Varys	2012-04-03	Stannis was introduced in an average way. You already knew his name, he was mentioned and described in the first season. Seeing what kind of man he is should not have been a surprise to the audience.
But Melisandre and the why of the burning of the idols was handled poorly, if you ask me. We do not hear even her name in this episode 
	Spoiler and neither do we learn it in episode 2, by the way
.
By making Cressen's Prologue the Prologue of this season, the producers could also have highlighted Stannis's importance for the overall story. After all, he is one of the major players insofar as he ends up being around for quite some time, and deals with the Others/wildlings.
Placing the burning of the idols at the end of the episode/Stannis arc would have made it much more powerful in my opinion.
980	teemo	2012-04-03	I think it was poorly done and seemed like it was randomly thrown in there.  Like I mentioned in another thread, this is the only part of the show that my boyfriend was actually confused and asking questions.  Today I talked about the scene with a couple people and one said, "Yeah, what was that about?"  the other one was so lost he blocked it out and barely remembered.  So yeah, apparently it wasn't very effective.  I guess seeing Joff watch some weird fights with no horses like we just back from a commercial break or something was the right way to go.
981	Hyper	2012-04-03	Ah, the prologue. Given the frequent complaints here on the westeros forums, they could have dedicated an *entire* episode to this chapter, and people would still think that the prologue was short-changed, and that Cressen did not get enough character development. Sigh. But Melisandre and the why of the burning of the idols was handled poorly, if you ask me. We do not hear even her name in this episode 
	Spoiler and neither do we learn it in episode 2, by the way
It is not necessary to name her straight away - she looks distinctive. Some characters in season 1 were not named initially either.Stannis was introduced in an average way. You already knew his name, he was mentioned and described in the first season. Seeing what kind of man he is should not have been a surprise to the audience.By making Cressen's Prologue the Prologue of this season, the producers could also have highlighted Stannis's importance for the overall story. After all, he is one of the major players insofar as he ends up being around for quite some time, and deals with the Others/wildlings.You seem to be contradicting yourself here. Stannis was mentioned a lot at the end of season 1. His introduction was fine. I actually liked the way they did it... It was not clear who at the beach was Stannis (the Davos or Stannis actor), but when Melisandre called out 'Stannis Baratheon', the camera pans to him. Nicely done.Placing the burning of the idols at the end of the episode/Stannis arc would have made it much more powerful in my opinion.No, I think it was a good idea to start with the burning - it was a very striking image.Overall I think Stannis got a perfectly fine introduction, given all the talk about him in season 1. I can buy that people think that more time should have been spent on Davos and Melisandre - Neither were named, but the essential points of them was made clear:1.) They are both close advisors to Stannis, but with2.) clashing viewpoints.But both characters will receive a lot of screen presence in the first four episodes, which should clear up any remaining confusion for new  viewers.
982	Laohu	2012-04-03	One piece of defense that some have offered is that the format of the S2 premiere allowed for an equal amount of time allotted for both the new S2 characters and all of the familiar S1 characters. Perhaps the TV audience needed just as much time to get reacquainted with their favorite characters from S1, but I thought that was what the 2-3 minutes of S1 overview (before the episode even started) was meant for. We got our refresher course on S1; now let's dive into S2 with something new and fresh. What better way to do that then showcase Dragonstone? Alas, it did not turn out the way I expected it to.
Kissdbyfire, I can see where you are coming from with the "information overload" argument, but I think that is all the more reason to put it at the beginning of the episode. A prologue before the opening credits / main title sequence would have put some separation between Dragonstone and the rest of Westeros (oh... let's not forget Daenerys in the Red Waste). The audience would have had a minute or two to ponder all those new characters while getting prepared for the rest of the episode. Instead, we see the introductions of Stannis' party right in the middle of the episode, which I really felt was out of place. Stannis, Melisandre, and Davos deserved a better entrance than what they received in my opinion. Ultimately, these characters (all three of which play integral roles in the main story) had a very forgettable intro.
983	Lord Varys	2012-04-03	Davos was named by Stannis in episode 1.
I said Stannis's introduction was okay. But only because we already know that a guy named Stannis Baratheon exists. The whole point in the Dragonstone storyline in the book is that Melisandre and her new religion are perceived as a threat by the good/decent guys. Instead there is talk about 'fools and fanatics', but we don't know why or how this is the case. It's neither mentioned that Melisandre is a foreigner, nor is it elaborated that her god has virtually no followers in Westeros.
Stannis story is always about choices and ethics. It would have been powerful if the question 'Does Mel get her way?' would have been the main theme of the Dragonstone arc in episode 1.
984	congokong	2012-04-03	Pride is the bane of any TV adaption of a novel. Very few writers can resist the temptation to "make it their own" by meddling with the script and changing things. I don't mean shortening things due to budget/time limit, but unnecessary changes.For example, the Petyr/Cersei business. It seems they're trying to push the Petyr/Catelyn love angle much more than was in the books. By the time the series started, Petyr didn't care about Catelyn. He had moved on. Petyr is going to find himself at Renly's camp for some reason and likely reuniting with Catelyn.This means things like the prologue will be dumbed down to make room, since they're adding plots when GRRM already provided more than enough. Why? Because the writers think they can make it better. Well, they can't. They'll just muck everything up later in the series the more they diverge now.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 03 April 2012 - 07:11 PM.
985	Lord Varys	2012-04-03	Well, there is a certain 
	Spoiler Littlefinger-Ros-scene
 in episode 2 that is as useless as nipples on a breastplate. It leads nowhere, and it won't lead anywhere.
So I very much doubt that there was no room for a proper introduction of Dragonstone. Honestly, the whole Cressen-thing only works if the audience cares for this guy. So if you want to keep his poisoning in the series, you should make it work by keeping the focus on his character and his relationship to Stannis. Make Davos just a guy for this episode, and Melisandre an evil intruder on the way to power, but not yet fully in control of the situation. It could have worked.
986	TheWanderer	2012-04-03	I don't really think that 'not wanting to throw people in the deep end' can be a valid defense of the decision. I mean, look at the first episode of S1. Knights, dead people, suddenly dead people are gone then bam white walkers and people getting killed. And the rest of the episode (and indeed the season) pretty much forgets that even happened. If that's not throwing people in the deep end, I don't know what is. Frankly I felt this episode played it too safe, focusing on crowd pleasing favourites and t&a, rather than taking the risks that made season 1 a success (in my opinion at least). Now don't get me wrong, I think the introduction of the new characters was pretty well handled I'm just not sure that it couldn't have been handled better.
As for the accusations of script meddling, I'd point out that some of my favourite scenes from the show are ones that are done differently (or not done at all) in the books. Tyrion's first battle for example, having watched the show first I was actually disappointed that Tyrion fought, thinking that the knocked unconscious scene was a much better fit for the character. In the same vein I think the Littlefinger/Cersei scene was an excellent addition. Littlefinger behaved in a manner consistent with his character (being a smarmy, antagonistic prick) and Cersei flipped her lid, giving some excellent foreshadowing of her impending craziness. All in all, I'd say the screenwriters have done an excellent job trimming the massive source material into something wonderful.
					
					
							Edited by TheWanderer, 03 April 2012 - 09:36 PM.
987	Vikingkingq	2012-04-03	I'm with Hyper on this one. The complaints of many people was that this episode felt rushed and had to lean on the comet transitions to tie together a lot of plot threads into an hour. So in order to really do a 15 minute Prologue, you'd have to either lose 27% of the rest of the pilot, or you have to add 15 minutes onto the runtime - which is money that couldn't go to say, the Battle of Blackwater.
As for Cressen - I think this is a question about what the Prologue is meant to do. We're supposed to be introduced to three people - Stannis, Davos, and Melisandre - and the larger plot that's going on. That we come to care for the guy, Lord Varys, is totally an artifact of the fact that we're inside his head and can feel his emotions. That can't happen on the show, so instead his death is stripped down to what actually matters (given that Cressen is here to die, really), showing that Melisandre is something entirely different from the largely unmagical world we've seen before.
988	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-04	Ah, the prologue. Given the frequent complaints here on the westeros forums, they could have dedicated an *entire* episode to this chapter, and people would still think that the prologue was short-changed, and that Cressen did not get enough character development. Sigh.It is not necessary to name her straight away - she looks distinctive. Some characters in season 1 were not named initially either.You seem to be contradicting yourself here. Stannis was mentioned a lot at the end of season 1. His introduction was fine. I actually liked the way they did it... It was not clear who at the beach was Stannis (the Davos or Stannis actor), but when Melisandre called out 'Stannis Baratheon', the camera pans to him. Nicely done.No, I think it was a good idea to start with the burning - it was a very striking image.Overall I think Stannis got a perfectly fine introduction, given all the talk about him in season 1. I can buy that people think that more time should have been spent on Davos and Melisandre - Neither were named, but the essential points of them was made clear:1.) They are both close advisors to Stannis, but with2.) clashing viewpoints.But both characters will receive a lot of screen presence in the first four episodes, which should clear up any remaining confusion for new  viewers.I agree.  Davos was named by Maester Cressen.
989	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-04	Random, perhaps relevant fact: the season one first episode was longer by about seven minutes than this one.
As I think the Prologue chapter is just a great story that very well introduces us to the characters of Davos, Stannis, Cressen, and even the politics in DS, yeah it should have been adapted.  But what about the inner thoughts and other information? I read it yesterday it has a lot of great dialogue that works even without inner thoughts and shows people like Davos reacting to events in ways that explains a lot  about them  While we can also learn about how much Stannis is unsupported, how Stannis is pissed for not getting Storms End, and in more detail why and how  he feels unloved.  Still some important things would be lost. (like the explanation of how Davos saved Stannis, this can perhaps be explained later on in another episode)  To replace some of the lost inner thoughts we can have, Cressen be shown as frail and weak and having difficulty maneuvering without that much time being spend on that. Have him share a line to someone where he says how he has seen all Baratheon boys, grow he loves them as sons. And maybe in that part of dialogue he would also say that their father had died. The dialogue itself that is already in the prologue 
	Spoiler about Renly's possible assassination and how he is so against kinslaying, which would show why he does what he does.
 It would be sort of a spoiler for only tv show readers though. If the actor is particularly great he can also make us particularly understand about his emotions for Stannis, the Baratheon kids in general and his loyalty and care about him, that we instead get from inner thoughts in the books.  Cressen's increased desperation and alienation could also be successfully shown and again good acting can mitigate the loss of inner thoughts.
Patchface might have to be removed entirely and some adjustments to some of the dialogue should been made, but it is adaptable and it would make for great television. Also there is a difference between geting a glimpse of what characters are and understanding what a character is, how and why he is in that way in detail. The second is different than the first and much better and that is why Stannis and Davos and Cressen of just the prologue of ACOK  is much better than the Stannis of this episode.  Even without inner thoughts we can get something approaching the great characterization found in the prologue of the book. And of course it is a good story if you care about Cressen, and in the episode it wasn't that much special of a story as in the chapter. So yeah, I definitely would have preferred if it was adapted.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 04 April 2012 - 12:47 AM.
990	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-04	While it wouldn't have hurt the show to show it. I didn't really miss it that much.
991	Lord Varys	2012-04-04	Well, they could have done this easily...
PRINCESS SHIREEN: The bird looks funny, Maester Cressen. Why is it white?
MAESTER CRESSEN: White ravens herald a change of seasons, my princess. The long summer is finally at an end. Winter is coming.
PRINCESS SHIREEN: Am I going to die in winter? Patchface says, everyone will die in winter.
MAESTER CRESSEN: No, my dear, no one is going to die.
PRINCESS SHIREEN: Father will. The servants say he has not enough men to fight. They say, no one loves Stannis Baratheon. No one in all the Seven Kingdoms. And no one loves me.
MAESTER CRESSEN: I do. I've always loved you, my princess. As I've loved your lord father. His brothers did not need my love, but your father did. You remind me of him...
[Entering Davos - talk about the political situation, Mel, R'hllor etc.]
See, it would not have been that difficult. I really think it would have been better to omit Cressen entirely. That would have been better than the thing they did in the show. Mel comes of as some kind of evil sorcerer, but Cressen seems nearly as bad. Since we don't care all that much about the Faith of the Andals, the pyre scene does not seem like that great a sacrilege. Had it been established, that there were different factions fighting each other on Dragonstone, things really would make sense. The way he has been portrayed, Cressen seems to want Stannis to submit to the Lannisters. It's not Mel who is wanting the war, Stannis is. Mel only convinces him to fight in a certain after everything else fails.
And by showing that Davos and Cressen were somewhat close, the rivalry between Davos and Mel for Stannis's favor would have also been established.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 04 April 2012 - 07:15 AM.
992	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	Putting the prologue story across the entire episode was definitely smart writing. It's a good part of the book but it gets into the details pretty slowly and puts too much focus on an irrelevant character when the episode is rushed enough as it is. This was, in my view, the only way Cressen would have worked well in the episode. All the non-readers I know got the jist pretty easily so apparently it worked for them.
It's pretty easy to see that the difference between D&D and posters on the forums does not lie in reverence of the source matierial but rather in that D&D has a clue about how adapting works while many negative posters write wishful nonsense.
993	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-04	I always imagined that the prologue would have made a really good introduction to the season. Seeing the dragons upon Dragonstone for the first time, seeing this new area and these new players in detail. Would have reminded viewers who haven't read the books that there is much more happening in this world and much more at stake than the hating of everyone's favourite villain, Joffrey.
994	Vuron	2012-04-04	Putting the prologue story across the entire episode was definitely smart writing. It's a good part of the book but it gets into the details pretty slowly and puts too much focus on an irrelevant character when the episode is rushed enough as it is. This was, in my view, the only way Cressen would have worked well in the episode. All the non-readers I know got the jist pretty easily so apparently it worked for them.It's pretty easy to see that the difference between D&D and posters on the forums does not lie in reverence of the source matierial but rather in that D&D has a clue about how adapting works while many negative posters write wishful nonsense.This.This is a TV show.  It is a pointless waste of time to turn the entire prologue into a scene.  We don't need to care about Cressen or his motives or his life or his opinions.  He's just some worthless character that dies 5 minutes in and is never heard from again.  Yes, his story worked great in the book when we could hear his thought process and reasoning, but everything in his chapter can easily be introduced in another way.  I read some complaints that not all the characters were named.... I had the same complaints last season about some of the characters not being named (Theon, Selmy, etc.) and later realized that the show runners knew a hell of a lot more about it than I did.You can't really compare the S1 prologue to S2... the S1 prologue set up the entire series and just tries to keep the white walkers in the backs of our minds.  The S1 prologue has been criticized even by book readers because it doesn't follow the flow of the first few books.
995	Ran	2012-04-04	Four episodes in to the series and we don't have an iota of all the stuff they dropped the ball on by not using Cressen properly or finding a better alternative than giving us a faceless character whose death served no purpose but, "Oh, she has powers". Were D&D more on their A-game, they would have made something better of it. They weren't, and they didn't.
No one's asking for the "whole prologue". But some sembelance of a connection to the character would have added much more depth. As it is, a number of people feel the Dragonstone sequence is rather flat because there's simply no time to connect to anyone. They're there and then they're gone.
996	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-04	Ah, the prologue. Given the frequent complaints here on the westeros forums, they could have dedicated an *entire* episode to this chapter, and people would still think that the prologue was short-changed, and that Cressen did not get enough character development. Sigh.It is not necessary to name her straight away - she looks distinctive. Some characters in season 1 were not named initially either.You seem to be contradicting yourself here. Stannis was mentioned a lot at the end of season 1. His introduction was fine. I actually liked the way they did it... It was not clear who at the beach was Stannis (the Davos or Stannis actor), but when Melisandre called out 'Stannis Baratheon', the camera pans to him. Nicely done.No, I think it was a good idea to start with the burning - it was a very striking image.Overall I think Stannis got a perfectly fine introduction, given all the talk about him in season 1. I can buy that people think that more time should have been spent on Davos and Melisandre - Neither were named, but the essential points of them was made clear:1.) They are both close advisors to Stannis, but with2.) clashing viewpoints.But both characters will receive a lot of screen presence in the first four episodes, which should clear up any remaining confusion for new  viewers.Davos was named.. when Cressen is talking to him about stopping Melisandre and telling stannis the "truth""He trusts you, Davos"
997	Howdyphillip	2012-04-04	This was the most glaring defect of the series so far to me. ACoK is my favorite book in the series, and part of the reason is for the pacing. I feel like that the very beginning is a perfect place to introduce new things in this series. Obviously GRRM felt that way as well, as he uses all of his prologues to introduce background elements that become more and more important as the series advances
All of the other changes have been subtle and have more to do with character nuances, or elimination of players so as not to give an information overload to the viewing audience. I understand and can appreciate that. This was a complete change in the flow of the story, and I didn't like it at all. 
That isn't to say that this makes the show terrible by any stretch. this is just a place where the series could have been made better..
998	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	No one's asking for the "whole prologue". But some sembelance of a connection to the character would have added much more depth. As it is, a number of people feel the Dragonstone sequence is rather flat because there's simply no time to connect to anyone. They're there and then they're gone.That was a known complaint about the first 3-4 episodes of season one so I don't really see that complaint sticking out.
999	Ran	2012-04-05	Yeah, but you have ten episodes to connect with the Starks. Cressen's role in that prologue is to connect him to Stannis in a way that adds depth and texture, and they had just one episode they could achieve that in.
Viewers are going to have much less of an understanding of what motivates Stannis four episodes in than someone who's just read the prologue of ACoK got. The writers flubbed it by retaining Cressen but not his function. If it had been an old, zealous knight, it would have been more understandable -- having a nameless maester do it is simply confusing when his motives for loyalty and disagreement are so weakly sketched.
A missed opportunity, as they say, but one that leaves that Dragonstone scene much less efficient than it could have been. Two-three more minutes with Cressen, or some other character than him who was better suited to the time they had to dwell on Dragonstone, would have made more sense.
1000	Catastrophe	2012-04-05	Good to know I wasn't the only one disappointed by the Dragonstone scenes. Aside from the rushed and one-dimensional portrayal of Cressen, they didn't do a very good job explaining Melisandre's beliefs, or how it differs from the other religions of Westeros. (Admittedly, part of the problem is that Season 1 never really described the Seven at all, so viewers don't really have anything to compare R'hllor to.) Same goes for Melisandre's conflict with Davos, we know they're at odds but we don't really get a good sense of why. They might be able to flesh it out more later, but that's the kinda thing that should've been established from the start, like it was in the book.IMO, the Dragonstone scenes were the one low point of an otherwise spectacular episode. Although, I did like that the show had Stannis find out about Joffrey's true heritage from Ned's letter. When I first read ACoK, I was very confused about how Stannis could have known the truth about Cersei's children before Ned did, so I'm glad that the show is keeping things simple. It also makes it feel more like Ned's actions at least had some impact.
					
					
							Edited by Catastrophe, 05 April 2012 - 05:44 AM.
1001	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-05	Yeah, but you have ten episodes to connect with the Starks. Cressen's role in that prologue is to connect him to Stannis in a way that adds depth and texture, and they had just one episode they could achieve that in.You'll have more than ten episodes to connect to Stannis. Cressen is an irrelevant character on the whole so complaining about that he isn't fleshed out himself seems fairly pointless. I don't disagree that they could have given more information right away (although I'm not privy to the information of how it would effect other aspects of the episode) but it's not a new situation for the show in my eyes.
1002	BabyMeraxes	2012-04-05	Seriously, I wouldn't have cared if they'd only shown Patchface. WHERE WAS PATCHFACE? I was also pretty excited to see baby Shereen and her greyscale.
1003	DaveSumm	2012-04-05	It's an extremely well established TV formula: pre-credits mystery, post credits main characters show up and explain mystery. Stuff like The X Files did this week in week out, so I think this is pretty ingrained in people's heads. I really think all the confusion around these scenes would've been resolved if it'd been pre-credits. Book readers: happy. Non book readers: intrigued, but not feeling they've missed something because its pre-credits and they don't expect to have it fully explained yet.
They could have started with Cressen in the sept, praying to the seven with a few lasting shots of the various seven statues. Then have Davos show up and tell him to come down to the beach, a quick plea from Cressen to help him stop this happening and a line about it being 'the woman's' influence, then the burning of the seven (which the audience would immediately recognise). Then Cressen attempts to kill her, she survives, credits. We understand the significance of burning, we understand Cressen's motivation, and we know Davos is also having doubts about her. Done.
Then another scene later where instead of composing the letter, it is Stannis's reading it back to Davos and he raises his concerns about the 'under the light of the Lord Rhillor' line or whatever it is. a) a scene with only Stannis and Davos would clearly be awesome. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> It cements Davos's feelings about Mel, and completely explains for any still unsure that Stannis is Robert's oldest brother.
1004	Lord Varys	2012-04-05	By the way, Ran, is the Lord of Light named 'R'hllor' in later episodes? The fact that he was only called 'the Lord of Light' makes it rather difficult for the non-book audience to realize that
1. Melisandre is a foreign priestess
2. her religion is foreign
3. fanaticism is not common among the religions of Westeros.
1005	Catastrophe	2012-04-05	Agreed. It also creates the problem of having viewers associate Melisandre's deity with the Judeo-Christian God, whereas the books make it fairly obvious that the Faith of the Seven is the most direct analogue to Christianity. It might not seem like a big deal, but such associations are an important part of the story's subtext, and changing them around will cause viewers to have different responses to certain characters and ideas.
1006	Jaxom 1974	2012-04-05	This.This is a TV show.  It is a pointless waste of time to turn the entire prologue into a scene.  We don't need to care about Cressen or his motives or his life or his opinions.  He's just some worthless character that dies 5 minutes in and is never heard from again.  Yes, his story worked great in the book when we could hear his thought process and reasoning, but everything in his chapter can easily be introduced in another way.  I read some complaints that not all the characters were named.... I had the same complaints last season about some of the characters not being named (Theon, Selmy, etc.) and later realized that the show runners knew a hell of a lot more about it than I did.You'll have more than ten episodes to connect to Stannis. Cressen is an irrelevant character on the whole so complaining about that he isn't fleshed out himself seems fairly pointless. I don't disagree that they could have given more information right away (although I'm not privy to the information of how it would effect other aspects of the episode) but it's not a new situation for the show in my eyes.Have you guys read the book?  Cressen isn't "irrelevant on the whole" nor is he not heard from again, as Davos references him on more than one occasion, especially in light of the contrast between Davos and Melisandre in relation to who has the ear of the king.  Much like the comet, Cressen's role in the prologue is to be a harbinger of the forces we're being introduced to and the apparent power wielded by Melisandre and her god.Cressen shouldn't be simply dismissed.  That his story was altered for the show can be accepted and forgiven, but the execution of the alteration fell very very flat.
1007	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-05	Agreed. It also creates the problem of having viewers associate Melisandre's deity with the Judeo-Christian God, whereas the books make it fairly obvious that the Faith of the Seven is the most direct analogue to Christianity. It might not seem like a big deal, but such associations are an important part of the story's subtext, and changing them around will cause viewers to have different responses to certain characters and ideas.R'hllor is actually pretty close to the Judeo-Christian god in several aspects. He's heralded as the one true god to follow to the polytheistic people, those opposing get burned and he has an evil counterpart. Martin isn't quite so simplistic that only one of his religions is an analogue to that religion.
1008	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-05	Have you guys read the book?  Cressen isn't "irrelevant on the whole" nor is he not heard from again, as Davos references him on more than one occasion, especially in light of the contrast between Davos and Melisandre in relation to who has the ear of the king.  Much like the comet, Cressen's role in the prologue is to be a harbinger of the forces we're being introduced to and the apparent power wielded by Melisandre and her god.Cressen shouldn't be simply dismissed.  That his story was altered for the show can be accepted and forgiven, but the execution of the alteration fell very very flat.Just because he fills a function doesn't mean that he's important. That's the big problem with all these discussions, that people confuse what's actually important to tell the story and what's there to just make the story deeper and (hopefully) better.
1009	Lord Varys	2012-04-05	R'hllor is not like the Judeo-Christian god. He is part of dualistic pantheon. There are two gods in R'hllorism, R'hllor and the Great Other.The Judeo-Christian god is alone, and his 'adversaries' are destined to lose. This has not to be the case in R'hllorism since the Great Other is also a god and thus R'hllor's equal, his eternal adversary.I'm quite sure no one here wanted the Prologue to be one 15 min long scene (in fact, I for one don't like the tendency of the series to show the characters only in one scene per episode).But concentrating on the theme of two people fighting each other to convince another to 'the right thing' would have been coherent with other parts of the episode/season (Stannis, Mel, Cressen/Davos; Joffrey, Cersei, Tyrion; Balon, Theon, Asha; Theon, Balon, Robb; Daenerys, Jorah, Xaro, Pyat Pree), and would have introduced those concepts much better than, say, Cersei slapping Joffrey, or that weird Cersei-Littlefinger-scene.The burning of the idols could have been at the beginning of the second episode, or at the end of the first. Giving us Cressen, Davos, Stannis and Mel, and the situation in Dragonstone in the Prologue, and then the poisoning and the burning in the end would have been much more powerful. You can care about a guy you only get a few glimpses of, if the writing is good.The way they introduced us to this whole thing did not even include the fact that some of Stannis's followers do not embrace R'hllor. In this episode 
	Spoiler and also in the second episode
 nothing of this sort happens. Even Davos doesn't have a clear opinion on this subject. 'What's the truth?' What kind of crap is this? Davos Seaworth would have answered 'I always tell him [Stannis] the truth.'
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 05 April 2012 - 08:56 PM.
1010	Xerox in 4 Parts	2012-04-05	If they were going to use Cressen at all it would've been better to use him for his primary purpose which is to shed light on Stannis.  As they did not it would've been better to cut him and uncram the Dragonstone scenes.  I don't care where it was in the episode though.
1011	Caro99	2012-04-05	i was surprised there was no dragonstone as well as the opening scene-prologue. i get that it's important for people who have only ever watch the series to see some familiar faces first, so overall i was okay with them keeping dragonstone for later. i like the sequence they had for changing one scene to the next. and since (except i think a little bit for master cressen) i liked the preformances of stephen, carice and liam.
in the end i'm happy that they kept dragonstone for later for another reason: being a big fan of the Hound i was very happy that the first thing we see and hear for S2 is him <3
1012	Kaitscralt	2012-04-05	Why would a bookless audience want to watch an old man wander around who has no impact whatsoever on the story?
1013	turdle	2012-04-05	i was actually hoping that they would not start the season with the prolog. but i think it would have been cool to end the episode with the death of cressen. i thought ending the episode with the bastard slaughter was neat, and an interesting choice, but it could have been cool to split the two dragonstone scenes up throughout the episode, and end the episode with mel standing over a dead cressen. i think that would have helped to emphasis the scene (by putting it at the end).
1014	Envie	2012-04-05	Just because he fills a function doesn't mean that he's important. That's the big problem with all these discussions, that people confuse what's actually important to tell the story and what's there to just make the story deeper and (hopefully) better.I'll agree with this in part. They can't possibly fill out every single character's importance from the books. They had to sit down and decide which characters could be dropped for the sake of filming a series. The brief focus on Cressen was enough to hammer home the point: A Maester dies trying to poison a powerful priestess of another religion and is futile in trying to stop her or the conversion of Stannis and his people to her religion.I'm not sure if people are more annoyed that Cressen's role was downplayed or that he drank the poisoned wine first which is also a minor detail that was ok to change for the sake of the flow of the scene. In order for it to have gone like it did in the book, a lot more backstory and info from Cressen's point of view would have been necessary for it to make sense. Everyone who is a show fan but not a book fan seemed to think the scene was fine and said they understood Cressen was the Maester trying to stop a 'heretic' from taking over Stannis and Dragonstone. That's all the more purpose he needed to play in my opinion.
1015	Lord Varys	2012-04-05	Does anybody also feel that the script actually had a Dragonstone scene before the whole idol burning thing? Yes, Stannis and Davos are mentioned by name in episode 1, but Melisandre is not, so something feels out of place here. Yes, I know, secondary characters (like Theon, Ser Rodrik etc.) were not addressed by name for quite some time in season 1, but Melisandre is perhaps the most important new main character season 2 introduces, so it's really kind of odd that we just jump in medias res instead of getting some indication who this woman is. All the main characters were mentioned by name in season 1. And later in episode 3 Littlefinger, Varys, Renly, and Pycelle, too, did not just pop up and were nameless guys for one or two episodes...
1016	Lemmy	2012-04-05	I enjoyed the S2 premiere, prehaps not as much as I enjoyed "Winter is Coming", but it was still pretty good. It continued slightly my pet hate of not naming characters (I already know who they were, just to new viewers) such as Melisandre, but less then in S1 (For gods sake, it took a while to work out who Jory was. xD) But this episode managed to bring together the first several chapters together well enough.
1017	DaveSumm	2012-04-06	I didn't have a problem with Cressen drinking first, what I had a problem with was that he started showing symptoms before she even drank. So regardless of her magic powers, his timing here was pretty dumb. And maesters shouldn't be dumb.
1018	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-06	I didn't have a problem with Cressen drinking first, what I had a problem with was that he started showing symptoms before she even drank. So regardless of her magic powers, his timing here was pretty dumb. And maesters shouldn't be dumb.I think it's fine since at that point Cressen is obviously desperate, and desperate people don't always do things as well as they normally would. In this case his desperation made him hope that he could make a straight face long enough for Melisandre to drink.The point of it is of course to rid the scene of any possible speculation that Melisandre got fooled into drinking. Even if they show her pause before drinking and looking at him the audience could still think that she finally believed him. This way she comes off as purely powerful as she's drinking while she's looking at the fatal effects of the poison.Ergo they put the emphasis on the character that's going to be a relevant part of the story.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 06 April 2012 - 04:50 AM.
1019	Ran	2012-04-06	"It is not too late to spill the wine, Maester."	"No," he whispered hoarsely. "No."	"As you will." Melisandre of Asshai took the cup from his hands and drank long and deep. There was only half a swallow of wine remaining when she offered it back to him. "And now you."That would have made it clear she understood it was poisoned, and then drank it anyway.I'd like to credit with TV viewers with enough intelligence to figure that out.
1020	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-06	Both variants can show Cressen miscalculating the time it takes for the poison to take effect, depending on how the viewer interprets it. The book version would also raise the question why he killed himself when he thought she was already dying (there's no chance, or point, to go that much into explaining a character that's dying that quickly in the show) and the show version is a bit stronger in pure visuals. I'm happy with how the scene works in the respective mediums.
1021	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-06	The only importance of Cressen attempting to poison Melisandre is that it shows how magical she is. That message was quite clear, and the visual of Cressen dying before she'd even drank was very strong in a "show don't tell" way.
After re-watching the episode, I'm very happy with the Dragonstone scenes. One of my friends who has not read ACOK seemed to follow the scenes well enough. Are the scenes a little bit confusing? Yes, I expect so, just like the opening episode of season one was pretty confusing, and just like the prologue itself was pretty confusing. It's supposed to make you want to find out more about Melisandre, and I think that's exactly what it achieved.
1022	Ran	2012-04-06	That's not in fact the only importance of it in the book. It's the only importance of it on the show, yes, which is why the scene lacks all sense of dramatic force and is, basically, a plot token.
The fact that she gives him the chance to back out can be construed to add shading to her character, making her just a little more complicated -- and being the first indication of the sort of stuff we learn in ADwD.
1023	therustman	2012-04-06	IMO people are missing 2 key points;
1. Its a completely different media than the books, everything on screen has to have a purpose of moving the story on and develop characters. You cannot just take a book and turn the dialouge into a screenplay.
2. This adaptation is not being written for those who have read the books but for those who have not. The fact that we have read the books makes us all subjective rather than objective.
1024	Ran	2012-04-06	Don't think we're missing it at all. I'm pretty sure I can tell the difference between people on screen and reading in a book. But there's good adaptation and there's bad adaptation. Dragonstone was bad: they frittered away all the potential drama and turned it into an inert meet-and-greet and off to something else. They had several ways of adapting to screen that would have made a stronger narrative. Instead, they pared away all the useful functions of Cressen except "Oh, she has magic," and you're left with very little.Do non-readers think it's fine? Maybe they do. Maybe they don't notice that the maester's nameless and they don't give a damn about him and they don't really understand why he did what he did -- Melisandre has magic, nothing else matters! But that's CSI-level of by-the-numbers writing. Go watch a top-notch episode of Mad Men or The Sopranos and you'll see writing that works on several levels, and does so economically.Efficiency and depth are not mutually exclusive.
1025	Vuron	2012-04-06	I'm not convinced that we're supposed to care about Stannis/Davos/Melisandre, yet.  Last season we were slowly introduced to some characters instead of being given their entire backstory during an introduction.  We only heard about Stannis in S1, and nothing that we heard was good.  I think the Dragonstone crew is being setup to be the "bad" guys as opposed to Renly being the "good" guy.  The audience was introduced to Renly and he was portrayed a little differently than he was in the books.  The audience has some connection with him because he tried to help Ned during the show.
So, I think Mel and her evil shadow babies kill the good guy Renly and then we are slowly introduced to the motives and background of Stannis.  I think it works better that way in a TV show than to have good guys fighting good guys.
1026	boojam	2012-04-06	Don't think we're missing it at all. I'm pretty sure I can tell the difference between people on screen and reading in a book. But there's good adaptation and there's bad adaptation. Dragonstone was bad: they frittered away all the potential drama and turned it into an inert meet-and-greet and off to something else. They had several ways of adapting to screen that would have made a stronger narrative. Instead, they pared away all the useful functions of Cressen except "Oh, she has magic," and you're left with very little.Do non-readers think it's fine? Maybe they do. Maybe they don't notice that the maester's nameless and they don't give a damn about him and they don't really understand why he did what he did -- Melisandre has magic, nothing else matters! But that's CSI-level of by-the-numbers writing. Go watch a top-notch episode of Mad Men or The Sopranos and you'll see writing that works on several levels, and does so economically.Efficiency and depth are not mutually exclusive.Can't speak for non readers.One wonders what the problem was?I consider season 1 a gem, D&D's adaptation was a brilliant structuring , in face of knowing the novel... and I am not the only one, the dramatic flow seemed pitch perfect.Was it because of the change in location shooting? I mean Northern Ireland remained the same and will so forever I am guessing.Do Benioff and Weiss do all the blocking out of the adaptation? It's hard to think that Alan Taylor was not in on the structure of the narrative, and others.Watching again last night I thought the small council scene nailed all we needed to know about Tyrion's new role.I loved Peter's reaction and quick reading when Lena tells him they don't have Arya , Lena's subtle reaction when Peter says they might have gotten Jamie back.Even the super quick 'red waste' scene (man here and gone!)...Emilia's rather lengthy Dothraki just seemed gripping, not just what is said it's how Clarke says it, does it look like Emilia has even got better! What an acting find!Then beyond the Wall, compact , to the point, to my eye so beautifully composed. It was Peter on the DVD commentary who noted that D&D cast fine actors in secondary roles , they have not lost that touch.Even Winterfell (Natalia Tena is still a scene stealer) and the Northern Camp summarized what we needed to know, I liked Robb and Theon's conversation better than Robb and Jamies'(which was good too).The final sequence was the zinger.(By the way closing credits, Djawadi hits another out the park!)Joffrey's name day and Tyrion and Shae's scenes seem to just mark time, introduce Dontos later.What to do with the prologue and Davos I of CoK?Three major characters to introduce , and important narrative arc... I suppose D&D have an explanation for the rather hop, skip and jump narrative, I would like to hear it. Dillane , Cunningham and van Houten are such good and seasoned professional actors they punch it up as much as they can. (Tho must admit seems D&D were trying to avoid a horrible cliche with Melisandre, but what came out only half worked.) The elaboration needed for the rest of the story must be pushed into future episodes, but seems to me a rare fumble for D&D. Have to wonder if George really got to review that first episode closely?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 06 April 2012 - 07:59 AM.
1027	Iotun	2012-04-06	I didn't mind the scene. I also think that being book readers, the opinions of many are biased. I feel that D&D have earned a certain level of trust in their decisions based on the first season - and I'm sure they've considered carefully where each and every scene needs to be placed for best effect, and what needs to be included in it. I don't think their decisions are flawless, but in this case, I find fault with all the opinions of complaining readers here.The season has a lot of material to cover, and a limited amount of time and scenes to cover it. Every aspect of a scene must serve some function. There are elements that need to be introduced. There are also elements that are not needed to be introduced, and in fact introducing them makes the adaptation bloated and confusing. There are also elements that it is 'good' to leave some confusion about.Some have complained that who the Lord of Light was, and what was the function of Melisandre had been unclear, and that the religious aspect of the scene was confusing and not properly explained. I think that it is a wise choice to leave some confusion there. The viewer for the first time does not need to be given a diatribe on the religious background of the seven kingdoms, and the difference between the Lord of Light and the seven Gods. The viewer is left with the impression that something uncomfortable and with religious colouring is going on, and that there is a mysterious and charismatic woman involved. The viewer is left with unanswered questions about who everybody is, and what is going on - but his interest is raised, and he now has a mystery to solve that makes him want to come back. This is a mystery that will be solved. We are bound to come back to Stannis and Mel time and time again, and the Lord of Light will be involved in almost every scene. So the initial confusion will eventually be resolved by the viewer who will have the nice feeling and satisfaction of 'figuring it out'. On the other hand, we have Cressen. His role is not clearly developed other than to show that he is a servant of Stannis who dies trying to stop the mysterious woman. Some have complained that his character lacks the detail of the book, his love for the Baratheon brothers, his long years of service, his devotion and thus the depth of his sacrifice. But on the books we have a rather lengthy chapter where we are involved quite deeply into his thoughts and get to have those thoughts explicitly stated to us. Cressen can't go outright and make a monologue about those feelings as it would waste valuable screen time and seem unnatural. He can give hints about his relationship to make this more natural, but this is likely to cause confusion to the non-reader. Non-readers have yet to be introduced to Stannis in depth yet, many will need to have his relationship with Renly and Robert refreshed. When Cressen is given more depth, non-readers will be wondering 'This guy is devoted to whom? Which brothers? What is going on here?' This is a bad kind of confusion though. Cressen HAS to die, so he will not be revisited again for the confusion and the mystery to be resolved. By episode 3 most viewers will have forgotten about him, so the introduction of confusion by trying to give him depth, doesn't serve any purpose, doesn't get resolved into satisfactory insight, it simply leaves a confusing first episode. It is only upon rewatch after the end of the season that the non-reader would have figure out the significance of Cressen's deeper character attributes are, and D&D cannot have the luxury of working with that in mind.Furthermore, the specific suggestions by many here, simply seem much worse. For example Lord Varys writes:PRINCESS SHIREEN: The bird looks funny, Maester Cressen. Why is it white?MAESTER CRESSEN: White ravens herald a change of seasons, my princess. The long summer is finally at an end. Winter is coming.PRINCESS SHIREEN: Am I going to die in winter? Patchface says, everyone will die in winter.MAESTER CRESSEN: No, my dear, no one is going to die.PRINCESS SHIREEN: Father will. The servants say he has not enough men to fight. They say, no one loves Stannis Baratheon. No one in all the Seven Kingdoms. And no one loves me.MAESTER CRESSEN: I do. I've always loved you, my princess. As I've loved your lord father. His brothers did not need my love, but your father did. You remind me of him...No offense, but I think that is a very bad suggestion. Does the show have the luxury to focus on Shireen? On patchface? No. Introducing these minor characters at all will again simply create massive amounts of the wrong kind of unresolved confusion. The non-reader goes 'Wow, who's the weird girl, and what's wrong with her face (and does the show have the time to answer that question?). What's a 'patchface'? Who's her father? Who are his brothers? Who's the old man? What's going on here?'. Well Cressen is about to die, Shireen and patchface are not to be seen for a long time, and all we're left is a confusing mess.The particular scene has to be there, because it shows Mel's power, that she's not an impostor, and because the fans would have a fit if it was omitted. The burning of the idols also has to be there, as it gives support for future scenes, when (likely), Tyrion will use Stannis abandoning the seven as propaganda against him. Let's come now to the placement of the scenes and whether they should have been seen as a porologue or not. I'm pretty sure that what the opening scene for the season is would have been one of the most thought of decisions, and that it wasn't done lightly, and I I agree with their current placement for a few reasons.Structurally, we must have the montage style 'previously on' type of prologue to get people up to speed. It just has to be there. Dramatically, you place a rising musical score to it, that reach its climax at the end, goes quite, then you get the HBO logo, then the introduction music. It makes sense and is very powerful. To end the climax of the first prologue to enter a second prologue, which is then to have a second climax and drop to the HBO logo and intro, is a bit more unwieldy, and even perhaps a bit cheesy. Moreover, Stannis is not the white walkers, a mystery that we see right at the start that is then meant to be kept hidden from us season long. Stannis has to be introduced 'in the meat' of the episode as it were, which means that we must have a Stannis scene at the middle of the episode. Were the dragonstone scenes to be put at the start, then we would be left with no Stannis material to put in the rest of the episode. We could draw material from the second episode you can say, but then we would have no material for the second episode and so on. I'm sure that there's a very precise distribution of Stannis scenes, and messing with their order would then harm the pacing of the story. You could say that we could leave the burning of the idol scenes as the scene in the middle of the episode, but the scene has to come before Cressen's sacrifice to give some context as to why Mel is disliked, otherwise Cressen's sacrifice creates unnecessary confusion. Furthermore, the burning scene would have been somewhat bare where it not for the addition of the conversation between Davos and Cressen afterwards.The one thing I'm slightly uncertain about is whether Mel should have given Cressen an out. I probably think she should, but perhaps I'm biased in that way, because I like Mel after aDwD. But perhaps D&D felt that giving even a hint of compassion to her character so early on may be unwise before the 'mysterious magical woman' aspect of her is established.Perhaps that is wise. WE only know that Mel has more humane side to her because we had the luxury of being in her head in aDwD. We in fact also know that it is her goal to give an aura of impenetrable mystery around her. For the non-reader to come out of the scene with anything other than an 'oh, evil red witch' impression could in fact be construed as a failure of Mel herself to project herself as she wants to.
1028	Iotun	2012-04-06	Sorry about the weird font
1029	DaveSumm	2012-04-06	Structurally, we must have the montage style 'previously on' type of prologue to get people up to speed. It just has to be there. Dramatically, you place a rising musical score to it, that reach its climax at the end, goes quite, then you get the HBO logo, then the introduction music. It makes sense and is very powerful. To end the climax of the first prologue to enter a second prologue, which is then to have a second climax and drop to the HBO logo and intro, is a bit more unwieldy, and even perhaps a bit cheesy.Do you always have 'previously on's before the show in the US? Sky Atlantic never have them, and I'm very grateful for it.Why would there be two HBO logo bits? Surely it'd be Logo - Prologue - opening credits - first scene. Or if there must be a 'previously', previously, logo, prologue, credits, first scene.
1030	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-06	Don't think we're missing it at all. I'm pretty sure I can tell the difference between people on screen and reading in a book. But there's good adaptation and there's bad adaptation. Dragonstone was bad: they frittered away all the potential drama and turned it into an inert meet-and-greet and off to something else. They had several ways of adapting to screen that would have made a stronger narrative. Instead, they pared away all the useful functions of Cressen except "Oh, she has magic," and you're left with very little.Do non-readers think it's fine? Maybe they do. Maybe they don't notice that the maester's nameless and they don't give a damn about him and they don't really understand why he did what he did -- Melisandre has magic, nothing else matters! But that's CSI-level of by-the-numbers writing. Go watch a top-notch episode of Mad Men or The Sopranos and you'll see writing that works on several levels, and does so economically.Efficiency and depth are not mutually exclusive.1. Why waste time naming a character who dies straight away? It's not relevant to the plot. D&D are adapting the series; they're not adapting the book word-for-word.2. I think it's quite easy to grasp why he tried to kill Melisandre. Because of her influence, Stannis has burned his gods, and she's encouraging him to go to war. "This woman will lead him into a war he cannot win." Cressen tries to kill her--knowing it will kill him too--in an attempt to stop her influence over Stannis. All of this is clear in the scenes.I do think that the Dragonstone scenes could have been fleshed out a bit more, but overall I think the producers did a great job without confusing the audience too much.
1031	Iotun	2012-04-06	Do you always have 'previously on's before the show in the US? Sky Atlantic never have them, and I'm very grateful for it.Why would there be two HBO logo bits? Surely it'd be Logo - Prologue - opening credits - first scene. Or if there must be a 'previously', previously, logo, prologue, credits, first scene.The 'previously on' is just for the start of the season. I think its necessary to bring people up to speed. The logo goes before the opening credits. So you'd have Previously On > Prologue > Logo > Intro, if the dragonstone scenes were kept as prologue.
1032	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-06	I beg to differ, I think it was the right decision. Introducing new characters and new plot lines to people who haven't necessarily - and probably didn't - read the books would have made things really confusing and hard to understand for those viewers. Different media require different approaches, and I think they did brilliantly!
1033	ShadowKitty	2012-04-06	Melisandre is referred to as The Red Woman, Her, etc in the books, so I don't agree that she needed to be named right away.
1034	Areo Speedwagon	2012-04-08	Someone upthread had said they didn't do a very good job explaining Melisandre's beliefs, or how they differ from Westeros beliefs, same with Mel's conflict with Davos.  They said that the latter point is something that could be fleshed out more later.  Why can they flesh out the Davos/Mel relationship later, but they can't flesh out Mel's beliefs and how they they differ from Westerosi beliefs later?  To that point, Cressen did announce to all those present "Is this how you would treat the gods of your fathers and grandfathers?"  That pretty much spelled it out for me that Mel's beliefs differ from the whole of Westeros.  The two non-readers I was watching it with got it from that line.  That's all they needed. 
I enjoyed how they introduced those three characters.  Watching the show, I really couldn't get a hold of Davos, Mel, and Stannis as they were introduced.  This kind of bothered me until I though about my first reaction to them in the books, and my reaction to them was identical.  When reading, I couldn't really get a hold of Stannis or Davos until several of their chapters' in.  I don't know if anyone else had this experience, but it was mine.  The fact that I knew everyone's name didn't take away the fact that I couldn't tell what Stannis, Davos, and mel's motives were.
Lastly, someone said it upthread, but I'll reiterate it a different way.  The writers aren't adapting a prologue, or Clash of Kings.  They are adapting A Song of Ice and Fire.  They only have roughly 55 minutes to cover between 100 - 250 pages of text.  I remember an interview with Peter Jackson about adapting "Lord of the Rings" and he said (roughly, I don't have the quote in front of me) "we started with the goal of the story: Frodo destroying the ring. Everything in the movies needs to support that end, if it doesn't, it got cut, then we worked our way backwards." I think Benioff and Weiss, having the benefit of knowing where Martin is going with this, are taking the same approach. This is a story about, in its broadest sense, a supernatural, perhaps even cosmic, battle between a foe that has been laying dormant for 8,000 years and magical creatures that were thought to have gone extinct returning.  If you personally had the task of parsing down what will probably be roughly 10,000 pages or text into what will probably be roughly 70 or 80 hours of television, what priority would you assign to Maester Cressen in a world governed by magic that includes dragons, krakens, sorceresses, ice demons, zombies, Hodor, ESP, Roose Bolton, exiled princesses, maltreated bastards, the faceless men, and the night's watch among many many others? I understand that is a completely subjective question, but if answered honestly, there is really one answer.
1035	Reposado	2012-04-09	Agree this was a mistake. By tossing a set of new characters, including one who dies in a few minutes, in the middle of the episode, stripped the emotional tension.
By keeping it at the beginning, it would have had that sense of wonder. this is something new, yknow. Then it builds to cressen's sacrifice and it means something. The way it was, ineffective at all but showing mel's power
1036	Blutrabe	2012-04-11	I sorely missed the prologue on Dragonstone. I've had the impression that such a scene was written or even filmed, but cut from the episode. It totally felt like there was something missing.
I would have loved a short scene in which Cressen shows the comet to Shireen and tells her that he has known her father since he was a child. That would introduce the comet and give the audience the idea that this old man is absolutely loyal to Stannis. The Red Woman should be mentioned and Cressen's disdain shown.
Then Cressen is summoned to Stannis' council. On the stairs he meets Davos, who gives him a hand. The following scene would have been a good opportunity to rehash the current political situation and show Stannis' ambitions.
Cut to King's Landing.
1037	RSasoiaf	2012-04-03	Seriously...this is now a question for me.
Not only we did not get to see any Tully or Riverrun, it seems at the moment that Riverrun was deleted from Westeros and Robb is already going somewhere else that no one cares to say.
It also puzzles me that they say he has won 3 battles now. Really? I want to know how, when, where and against which enemy. What is really the current situation on the Riverlands, West and with Tywin? Why is Robb somewhere out camping and not using some castle? Should he not be liberating castles left and right and getting more men behind him by doing so? What is he doing?
I suppose we can hope that some scene with Tywin will give us some light over this issue. But for the time being....itÂ´s totally messed up. ItÂ´s like if Robb is out on some wastelands where itÂ´s allways dark and foggy......did he got lost on his way to Avalon?
I already spotted something going a bit wrong with RobbÂ´s plot when they decided to mess with the book strategy....but now they dont even try to explain it anymore. ItÂ´s just...hey, he is "THE KING IN THE NORTH", even if we dont really know what they mean by North and even if it seems he is nothing more then Lord of Winterfell for the time being.
Well....we can only hope they send him West really fast so he can get to his love and we then get distracted by some nice face /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Because apparently, they dont like the source material about Robb but still do not care to really write something else that could fit into the story.
1038	Frey Pie	2012-04-04	Ya i dunno where the3battles happened-unless its the whispering woods,then liberating Riverrun and routing all3camps.I would assume hes gunna have to leave Jaime behind somewhere before heading west.And i hope theyll play his smart card-as in send peace banners and offers to KL and Tywin,secretly attack his home and so keep him off balance
1039	NW Deserter	2012-04-04	I think he's in the Westerlands already.
1040	Chelly	2012-04-04	Yeah, I have no idea, but its only been 1 episode and I'm sure it will be explained at some point the next episode.
1041	NW Deserter	2012-04-04	Well if you watch the episode on HBO Go with the interactive features turned on, when it goes to Robb's camp there's a snippet about the Westerlands that shows up.
1042	Francois Clegane	2012-04-04	I'm guessing he's somewhere between Winterfell and Riverrun...On a serious note, they seem to have missed a bit out here, like they did in Series one with the Battle at Whispering Wood (Which I would have loved to see). He's creeping closer towards Riverrun, and I'm guessing the only time we'll get to see him fight is when he reaches that destination!
1043	sarah.jenice	2012-04-04	I haven't heard about casting, but has Edmure Tully been added to the show? I'm not sure how they are going to handle Catelyn's story line without Riverrun, but I guess it could be deleted if needed and everything could unfold from various camps. 
After Robb said that he doesn't trust Jamie being anywhere but with him, I don't see how he can then go back and leave him at Riverrun.
It makes it seem even more like they are not going to go to Riverrun because Robb only declared independence for the North. I know we've had many book talks about how much easier it would have been if he only had the North to worry about, but I am sure the show will pull it off.
1044	Vuron	2012-04-04	Battles won don't have to mean major battles.  It is quite possible that he's travelling and liberating holdfasts and keeps which are too small to house all the men.  We've seen a command tent, but haven't seen any detail of location.  I always found it odd in the books that there we didn't hear about many minor scurmishes and that every fight turned into a major battle.
1045	White Harbors Wrath	2012-04-04	I've seen sword fights before, no need to see Robb swinging a sword to believe he was in a battle.
What battles you say? If they said "He won the Battle of Hulabaloo Ford a fortnight ago" do you think anyone would remember or care what the battle was named 3 seconds afterwards?
They have to operate w/n a budget, they're already cutting enough to fit w/n those time/money constraints...why would anyone want superfluous scenes added in?
They can't fit the Tully's in as it is...what else would they have cut if they added in battle scenes that don't need to be illustrated. Sure...chop Ros, there are things that can be cut...but they're obviously infatuated w/ her so why add even more fluff.
1046	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-04-04	Keep it simple. No need to give us large sprawling maps of army movements and so on. That's what the books are for. For the show, it's important that a) he's winning (battles) and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> that he's keeping Jaime close. Jaime even asks (exposition fairy) why he's taking him with him and not leaving him in one of the holdfasts. After all, this war can be boiled down to Robb is in the Westerlands + Tywin is his enemy, but cut off and having to face Renly. All the rest is better saved up for enticing images and storylines (instead of war councils - we already had three different ones in the first episode...). The Tullys and Riverrun haven't been cut from the show, they are visible in the viewers guide online and are constantly mentioned, we will get to see them (some of them) in Season 3, that's for sure. For now, let's concentrate on the characters already here.	
To answer the opening question: Robb is somewhere in the Westerlands/Riverlands at war. That's all we need to know.
1047	RSasoiaf	2012-04-04	Battles won don't have to mean major battles.  It is quite possible that he's travelling and liberating holdfasts and keeps which are too small to house all the men.  We've seen a command tent, but haven't seen any detail of location.  I always found it odd in the books that there we didn't hear about many minor scurmishes and that every fight turned into a major battle.If they were not major battles, then what are the Lannisters afraid off??? You see, both Tywin and Tyrion have been saying that Robb is winning the war. How can he if so far he just runs away from major battles??? You see, for him to be winning, he has to get is initial odds quite better because if you remember he was outnumbered to start with.In the book, WW was a skirmish that becomes important just for the fact that they managed to capture the enemyÂ´s leader. Other skirmishes were not relevant enough that anyone would care to talk about them. ItÂ´s war, you only remember and tlak about major battles. It is obvious there are skirmishes and other stuff going on. There are also lots of small encounters around Harrenhall that we get to listen about just because Arya is there as a POV. It is quite clear in the books that war is not just about major battles, just that the major battles are the ones that get accounts from big POVÂ´s because they were.....major.
1048	RSasoiaf	2012-04-04	I've seen sword fights before, no need to see Robb swinging a sword to believe he was in a battle.What battles you say? If they said "He won the Battle of Hulabaloo Ford a fortnight ago" do you think anyone would remember or care what the battle was named 3 seconds afterwards?They have to operate w/n a budget, they're already cutting enough to fit w/n those time/money constraints...why would anyone want superfluous scenes added in?They can't fit the Tully's in as it is...what else would they have cut if they added in battle scenes that don't need to be illustrated. Sure...chop Ros, there are things that can be cut...but they're obviously infatuated w/ her so why add even more fluff.You do not get my problem!My problem is that they have to tie in the nots that they choose to incorporate. And so far they did choose to tell us RobbÂ´s initial odds, that Riverrun was under siege and Robb had 2 alternatives which were go face Tywin or go after Riverrun.Now if they choose to incorporate this, they have to deliver and tell what happened. I dont need a battle, I dont need swordfights....I need to know where did those 30.000 men besieging Riverrun go. Did he beat them already? Or did he just captured their leader. And if he did beat them, why is it that no one talks about it and no one gives a word about him liberating Riverrun?You know, you dont even need to cast the Tullys. You just need some random extra dressed in a cool Tully armour showing up and paying his respects and thank Robb in the name of Lord Edmure Tully. They can then add that Lord Edmure is busy trying to reorganize the Riverlands and that he will like to support Robb when he finds the power to do it. Robb can then aknowledge that he is now king over the riverlands and give a couple orders back through the messenger.Have this instead of those lords complaining to Brann, then jump straight into Brann on his bed and off to his dreams.....there! Or cut RosÂ´s lines and replace them with this random Tully extra. Or have Cat and Robb or Theon speak about it.
1049	Hot Pie Guy	2012-04-04	I'd be willing to bet he's located somewhere between the Wall and Dorne. And you can quote me on that!! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1050	RSasoiaf	2012-04-04	Keep it simple. No need to give us large sprawling maps of army movements and so on. That's what the books are for. For the show, it's important that a) he's winning (battles) and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> that he's keeping Jaime close. Jaime even asks (exposition fairy) why he's taking him with him and not leaving him in one of the holdfasts. After all, this war can be boiled down to Robb is in the Westerlands + Tywin is his enemy, but cut off and having to face Renly. All the rest is better saved up for enticing images and storylines (instead of war councils - we already had three different ones in the first episode...). The Tullys and Riverrun haven't been cut from the show, they are visible in the viewers guide online and are constantly mentioned, we will get to see them (some of them) in Season 3, that's for sure. For now, let's concentrate on the characters already here.	To answer the opening question: Robb is somewhere in the Westerlands/Riverlands at war. That's all we need to know.Keep it simple because people are stupid.......I do not like that argument at all, altough I grant it that it may be a very true one. Allas...most people do not really care about details. But, for those who care, the problem is not solved. You are saying to me that my problem is not a problem because most people will not notice it. Fair enough! I do notice......shame on me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1051	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-04-05	I never said because people are stupid. I said keep it simple, because an episode is 50 minutes long and television has a different structure of telling a narrative. Long exposition is generally not really a good thing. Just go ask tv viewers what they got from the Littlefinger talks to whores scene and if they got that Cersei was talking about Littlefinger in episode 1 at their encounter. Or let me put it differently, what would you have cut in the episode to allow for more exposition in the robb segment?
The Ros segment is needed as a contrast to the bastard killing, the sex is a contrast/addition to liven up the grim rest of the episode of story and background and you need to set up Ros strongly in Littlefingers corner for further story arcs (I'd guess). The Bran audience serves as a reminder how it is in the North, show Bran reacting and "lashing out", generally show how Bran rules (in contrast to Joffrey) and I'd guess it's not random that the lord in question was from Tallhart Square. Dragonstone felt rushed already and Tyrion is so popular you need to have him.
and maybe they do explain/show Robb's plans next episode /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />, here it was more of a "get everyone back on track" thing. And maybe they have more details on the HBO viewer guide, I haven't looked. Even if it's not and they don't come back to the question, then it was a conscious decision by the showrunners to cut exactely that. The more interesting question for me is what does this change for the other 9 episodes.
1052	Bayard	2012-04-05	I am guessing the 3 battles are Whispering Wood and the 2 camps of Riverrun... yeah, they completly took out Edmure and Riverrung, I have no problem with that. Of course it's stupid to drag Jaime after them when they will invade the Westerlands, but it's just a TV show /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Anyway, I hope they are still in the river lands, and in episode 3 we will see the Golden Tooth, I always wanted to see the direwolf finding the secret path /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. We know from trailers that there is a battle coming, I'm guessing episode 3 (we will probably see nothing of it, just the preparation). I am hoping this will be the Battle of Oxcross, it will be nice to hear in the show: "we destroyed an entire Lannister army and killed ser Stafford Lannister" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. But I am afraid that this has already happened, and we will only see the the siege of The Crag, the castle of the Westerlings, which IMHO, would be stupid!!! I mean, you completly take out the military part of Robb's story and keep only Jeyne? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1053	Brianne of Brooklyn	2012-04-05	If they were not major battles, then what are the Lannisters afraid off???um, the fact there is open rebellion? and an open rebellion that's winning? Regardless of whether we see the battles, Robb Stark is a legitimate threat to the balance of power favoring the Lannisters. The North is winning and they're making their way to King's Landing. They captured Jaime, they're gaining support. And now with two other claimants to the Iron Throne in the form of the Baratheons, the Kingdom is at open war -- and it's precisely because of what Tyrion says to Cersei in the episode and in the trailers -- people hate the Lannisters. And what Joff did to Ned Stark isn't going to be forgotten. The Lannisters started this war and right now they are losing it. Lose the war, lose the power. And where does that leave them? Disgraced and quite possibly, dead. I believe that's something to be afraid of.
1054	Brianne of Brooklyn	2012-04-05	I am guessing the 3 battles are Whispering Wood and the 2 camps of Riverrun... yeah, they completly took out Edmure and Riverrung, I have no problem with that. Of course it's stupid to drag Jaime after them when they will invade the Westerlands, but it's just a TV show /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Anyway, I hope they are still in the river lands, and in episode 3 we will see the Golden Tooth, I always wanted to see the direwolf finding the secret path /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. We know from trailers that there is a battle coming, I'm guessing episode 3 (we will probably see nothing of it, just the preparation). I am hoping this will be the Battle of Oxcross, it will be nice to hear in the show: "we destroyed an entire Lannister army and killed ser Stafford Lannister" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. But I am afraid that this has already happened, and we will only see the the siege of The Crag, the castle of the Westerlings, which IMHO, would be stupid!!! I mean, you completly take out the military part of Robb's story and keep only Jeyne? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I think we'll see one of Robb's battles and I'm hoping it's Oxcross, but while it would be nice to see Robb's military precision and wins, I think because of the constraints of the books placed on the character (he isn't a POV character and is only seen through Cat's eyes -- who isn't in battle), the producers/writers have to flesh his character out more and endear him to the audience. Now, granted, compared to Joff and what we've seen of Stannis and Renly, Robb Stark hands down is the more likable king -- and he doesn't even want the Iron Throne. He just wants to go back to Winterfell. However because of Robb's storylines in later books (particularly with Jeyne), the producers have to show it now -- otherwise, keeping his storyline strictly in line with the POVs, the larger lay audience of the show won't understand why Robb does what he does if Jeyne suddenly pops up for a few episodes in Season 3. You have to take some liberties, flesh out both characters, show the evolution of choices if you really want to have a lasting impression on the eventual outcome.Sorry if this paragraph was very vague; trying to be as non-specific and non spoiler-y as possible.
1055	Envie	2012-04-07	Keep it simple. No need to give us large sprawling maps of army movements and so on. That's what the books are for. For the show, it's important that a) he's winning (battles) and /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> that he's keeping Jaime close. Jaime even asks (exposition fairy) why he's taking him with him and not leaving him in one of the holdfasts. After all, this war can be boiled down to Robb is in the Westerlands + Tywin is his enemy, but cut off and having to face Renly. All the rest is better saved up for enticing images and storylines (instead of war councils - we already had three different ones in the first episode...). The Tullys and Riverrun haven't been cut from the show, they are visible in the viewers guide online and are constantly mentioned, we will get to see them (some of them) in Season 3, that's for sure. For now, let's concentrate on the characters already here.	To answer the opening question: Robb is somewhere in the Westerlands/Riverlands at war. That's all we need to know.Well said. I agree with all your points.There's no need to add Riverrun until later since they are abbreviating all the battles. I do think its fine to just say there are 'three battles won' and leave it at that. Production costs for large battle scenes are some of the worst because of all the extras and costumes and time, etc. so it does not surprise me HBO is going to cut a lot of that out.The fact that Robb and his host are moving steadily southward is really enough for anyone watching to understand that the battle map is shifting and new armies are soon to come into play (Renly, Stannis, etc).
1056	RSasoiaf	2012-04-07	Well said. I agree with all your points.There's no need to add Riverrun until later since they are abbreviating all the battles. I do think its fine to just say there are 'three battles won' and leave it at that. Production costs for large battle scenes are some of the worst because of all the extras and costumes and time, etc. so it does not surprise me HBO is going to cut a lot of that out.The fact that Robb and his host are moving steadily southward is really enough for anyone watching to understand that the battle map is shifting and new armies are soon to come into play (Renly, Stannis, etc).I will add something once again:I have no problem if they cut things. I have no problem if they change things. I hape problems when they do not make things flow.Now that said, if they wanted to cut Riverrun thus far, then fine! That would have been fine and a kind of decision that I do understand. But, and this is the but, to have things really get in place, if they still want Robb to capture Jaime, they need to do one of 3 things:a) do not mention that Jaime is having a nice run on the riverlands and currently besieging Riverrun (which they did mention last season)/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> send Jaime somewhere else before he gets captured therefore leaving Riverrun still under siege c) explain that Robb did lift the siege but had to move on and the riverlords stayed behindThey can still go for c) and I hope they will.
1057	RSasoiaf	2012-04-07	um, the fact there is open rebellion? and an open rebellion that's winning? Regardless of whether we see the battles, Robb Stark is a legitimate threat to the balance of power favoring the Lannisters. The North is winning and they're making their way to King's Landing. They captured Jaime, they're gaining support. And now with two other claimants to the Iron Throne in the form of the Baratheons, the Kingdom is at open war -- and it's precisely because of what Tyrion says to Cersei in the episode and in the trailers -- people hate the Lannisters. And what Joff did to Ned Stark isn't going to be forgotten. The Lannisters started this war and right now they are losing it. Lose the war, lose the power. And where does that leave them? Disgraced and quite possibly, dead. I believe that's something to be afraid of.The same open rebellion did not get Tywin the least concerned before Jaime got captured. Why should all of them be concerned now besides for the sake of their beloved Jaime. If Robb did not beat any major army, they can still find him and crush him like they were sure to do before....if he did not beat any of their armies, they do still outnumber him and he is now further away in "enemy land" moving around with a relative small force compared to his foes.And by the way....if Robb did not lift the siege at Riverrun, from whom is he gaining support then??? No one that we did listen about for sure so by all means, Robb is not gaining further support, this was not told yet. Actually, they even said otherwise, that he lacks allies and he is kind of desperate looking for support.....which goes a bit against your point. And you know why? Because if you delete the riverlands from the picture, RobbÂ´s position gets even more frail then it was in the 1st place.
1058	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-07	Will say what I've thought all along; Riverrun will be introduced when Cat goes home to see her dying father. Edmure and Blackfish can be introduced at the same time I reckon, in preparation for their key roles down the line.
I think we are to assume that Robb is chasing the Lannisters across the riverlands and into the west? Tywin is set to retreat in to Harrenhal in the next episode correct? Going from memory (could be way wrong here), Robb will be off fighting Stafford Lannister (awesome name that, by the way) while his mother is parleying with the Baratheons. She hears about Robb's wounds gained while fighting Stafford (and subsequent marriage) while she is at and travelling home from Storm's End. I reckon Robb will disappear for a while after the next episode and then return, wife in hand, once Cat returns.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 07 April 2012 - 06:12 PM.
1059	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-10	I don't understand what the deal is with Robb declaring independence for the North but not the Riverlands. He liberated Riverrun, got the Freys on his side but says to the Lannisters they can have the Riverlands back for peace? In the book he declares independence for the new Kingdom of the North and Riverlands. The Twins and Riverrun can't have moved into the North because season 1 names them where they should be.
Are the Riverlands part of his kingdom or not?
1060	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-03	What scenes or subplots are you looking forward to from ACoK? I'm looking forward some of Arya's more action-oriented scenes like when she fights w/Yoren and the like against Amory Lorch's men. I'm also looking forward to Jon's scenes since they were filmed in Iceland and I have family from there. Also, since Tyrion is another one of my favorite characters I can't wait to see his various machinations esp. when he and Shagga bust into Maester Pycelle's room.
1061	Xtopher	2012-04-03	Blackwater and Jaqen Hagar obviously.
1062	teemo	2012-04-03	Arya, arya, arya.  My friend was complaining to me that this season doesn't seem brutal or weird enough compared to the first, and I'm like, "Just wait....especially for Arya's storyline /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />"
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 03 April 2012 - 05:07 PM.
1063	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-03	Jaqen's murders.
Oh, and the bit after the Blackwater where Sansa spies Varys and Littlefinger whispering about something after the latter is granted his lands and titles. We're never told what, but well... now we can hear. Hopefully.
Oh, and Theon's downfall.
Oh, and Jaime's possible escape attempt and subsequent release. That'll be the best.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 03 April 2012 - 05:16 PM.
1064	int11	2012-04-03	Theon captures Winterfell, The Ghost of Harrenhal, Cercei apprehends ... Ros? And Blackwater.
1065	The Owl	2012-04-03	Jaquen Hagar getting his time lord on.
1066	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-03	Im just looking forward to Lomy Greenhands yielding and Hot Pie shouting HOT PIE!! midcombat.
1067	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	Red Wedding, Jaqen, Weasel soup, Qhorin Halfhand, everything else involving Arya.
1068	int11	2012-04-03	Red WeddingAre they doing this in season 2?
1069	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	Are they doing this in season 2?Don't know. Seems like one Hell of a season finale.
1070	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-03	Don't know. Seems like one Hell of a season finale.I think the season finale might just center on theon "killing" Bran and RickonThe Red Wedding is like half way through Storm so it seems like a bit of a leap.
1071	Ice Turtle	2012-04-03	Jaquen, Arya generally, I also want to see Ghost, maybe fist of the first men, but that will be probably season 3
					
					
							Edited by lazy turtle, 03 April 2012 - 07:07 PM.
1072	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	First season had me seriously worried, but now that they drastically improved the dire wolves, I'm looking forward to Ghost as well.
1073	heartofgold	2012-04-03	Harrenhal, Bitterbridge, Blackwater and Theon at Winterfell
1074	Laohu	2012-04-03	Theon story arc.
1075	LauraD	2012-04-03	Theon story arc.I mostly just want to see Pyke.But also: Varys' disguises (are any in this season, I can't recall?), Jaqen, of course, the evil of Roose Bolton, and how they go about telling Davos' tale of becoming the Onion Knight.  Exposition is difficult.
1076	Envie	2012-04-03	1. Arya and Jaqen
2. Jon Snow with the Wildlings
3. Blackwater
I never cared for Theon's story arc until AFTER he became Reek, then it got super spine chillingly creepy. All the bits at Pyke were not that engaging. I also don't care for Theon's portrayal (even though the actor is good) in the series either. Some like it some don't.
1077	turdle	2012-04-03	seeing as they seem to be quickly fastforwarding throw the "beyond the wall" story, it seems possible that we might see a white walker this season.
1078	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-03	Spoiler the audiences reaction to the "death" of Bran and Rickon and there reaction to them still being alive.. also the house of the undying and hoping we get a glimpse of Rhaegar
1079	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-03	Yea, Theon's story is interesting too, I'm looking forward to his arc. Also, the direwolves look awesome in this season, I have to agree. Grey Wind is HUGE! The Battle of the Blackwater should be really cool though, the ships, the wildfire, Tyrion, it'll be really cool.
1080	Lord Belmore	2012-04-03	Everything, hahah. To whittle it down a bit:
1. Everything involving the sack of Winterfell.
2. Any scene involving the political struggles at King's Landing. They were the highlight of this book for me, and I look forward to their treatment in the series.
3. Arya's arc, from Yoren's death to Harrenhal and everything therein (less so because I'm an Arya fan and more so because of Jaqen, Vargo Hoat, and Roose Bolton)
I'm also looking forward to the particular scene where Theon meets Asha/Yara, whereas I'm dreading the absence of the Reeds and how they choose to address Bran/Rickon's storylines post-Winterfell.
1081	Laohu	2012-04-04	Yea, I am not a particularly huge fan of Theon, but the ramifications that follow the two Stark's apparent death will be huge. I want to see my gf's reaction, LOL. She will stop watching it if they do not resolve the mystery in the same episode. She thinks Bran is adorable, which I admittedly have to agree.
	Spoiler the house of the undying and hoping we get a glimpse of Rhaegar 
Wow, I completely forgot about Daenerys in the House of the Undying. Add that to my very short list. Would that whole sequence not put a bit of stress on the production budget? I forgot how much fantasy elements there were, but I hope they do it justice. I am sure they will.
1082	kephv	2012-04-04	Everything Arya. I particularly can't wait to see how 
	Spoiler the whole Tywin cupbearer thing works out.
 An interesting change that.
Theon's storyline. Can't wait until later episodes.
House of the Undying.
Jon beyond the wall.
1083	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-04	The Sack of Winterfell/Theon's downfall.
The political intrigues at King's Landing between Tyrion and Cersei.
The House of the Undying. 
The sacrificial battle between Jon and Qhorin Halfhand.
Arya's brutal encounters with Amory Lorch and Gregor Clegane.
1084	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-04	All those wonderful Ros scenes in the book.
1085	Thunderfist	2012-04-04	All those wonderful Ros scenes in the book.Lol!ASoIaFaR, A Song of Ice and Fire and Ros
1086	boojam	2012-04-04	Jaquen Hagar , of course.
What's the matter with you guys!
Seeing Brienne for more than one second is greatly anticipated by me.
And hearing her, not a word from her in the previews.
Well Jaquen and Yara/Asha too.
I think we have seen less of Gemma than Gwen, except for Wlaschiha the uber mystery character.
1087	FleaBottomRatKebab	2012-04-04	The Battle of the Blackwater is going to be immense.
In response to the posts above regarding the Fist of the First men, the battle itself was told about through Sam's flashback perspective at the start of ASOS but the actual event in terms of time was more in line with the end of ACOK. The battle of the blackwater is the 9th episode of 10 as well. I think the series will break on the fallout of the Blackwater, Jon killing Qhorin and going off with Rattleshirt and the Battle at the Fist or at least the start of it, the part where 3 horns sound and Sam says words to the effect of "3 horns haven't been sounded for thousands of years..... White Walkers" sort of thing.
					
					
							Edited by FleaBottomRatKebab, 04 April 2012 - 06:06 AM.
1088	Milcov	2012-04-04	Dany in Qarth
Theon in Winterfell (not looking forward to Aeron and Asha)
Davos
Tyrion bossing about KL
1089	Songlian	2012-04-04	The Ghost of Harrenhal,And everything around it: Arya, Gendry, Jaquen, Roose...Then: Ygritte/Jon, San/San moment during Blackwater (eh), Mel giving birth, Brienne meeting Jaime, and Asha just showing up, I guess.
1090	Lord Varys	2012-04-04	The House of the Undying. If they blow this, I'll be very, very angry. We need to see Aerys and Rossart, Rhaegar and Elia with Aegon, foreshadowing of Robb's demise, and, most importantly, Stannis without a shadow, the cloth dragon, the stone beast with its shadow fire, and the blue winter rose growing upon the Wall.
Also, I'm curious how they are going to deal with Mandon Moore's attempt on Tyrion's life. Since Ser Mandon seem not to have been cast, is Trant going to do it? The fact that Podrick has been cast indicates that this scene will be in the series. And I'm also curious about Tyrion's disfigurement. They must give him the scar, but it would be really great if they cut of his nose as well.
1091	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-04	1. All Daenerys scenes.
2. Jaime/Cat/Brienne from the end of ACOK (and hopefully some Jaime/Brienne scenes).
3. King's Landing.
4. Catelyn treating with Renly and Stannis.
5. Arya in Harrenhal.
6. Jon/Ygritte.
I'd be surprised if they kept the House of the Undying. It's pretty much impossible to film.
1092	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-04	The Tickler and the bodies of the peasants strung up, entrails hanging out and crows feasting.
I always thought that scene was the first real indication of how damn brutal and gory the war is.
1093	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	anything Brienne/Catelyn/Renly
Jon/Ygritte
Ghost, Summer and shaggydog ( love them)
House of Undying , Jaquen and Harrenhal.
1094	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-04	Also, I'm curious how they are going to deal with Mandon Moore's attempt on Tyrion's life. Since Ser Mandon seem not to have been cast, is Trant going to do it? The fact that Podrick has been cast indicates that this scene will be in the series. And I'm also curious about Tyrion's disfigurement. They must give him the scar, but it would be really great if they cut of his nose as well.
	Spoiler Yeah, WiC linked an interview where Pod's actor said that he has an epic moment of awesome in episode nine, which will be "really surprising" to viewers considering the nature of his shy character.
1095	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-04	I'm very much looking forward to something that's not from the book, which is Jaime getting on with the story that made him perhaps my favorite character.
Other than that I'm looking forward the most to Tyrion's parts since ACOK is probably the most fun part of his story.
1096	NW Deserter	2012-04-04	Pretty much all of Arya's storyline.
-More Gendry (this guy looks the part so well)
-More Yoren (one of my favorite castings)
-Jaqen
-Harrenhall (both visually and plot-wise)
Apart from that, all of Tyrion's planning and the Blackwater itself.
1097	Chelly	2012-04-04	Well pretty much everything. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Seriously if I had to be specific...
First of all, more Theon. I'm dying to see Pyke, Balon, and Yara(might as well get used to it) and Theon's rise and quick fall as the  "Prince of Winterfell".
Secondly, Jaqen and more specifically his interactions with Arya and all of Arya's storyline.
Dany's venture in the House of the Undying.
Jon meeting the wildlings and Ygritte. I am looking forward to Ygritte because I adore her and the romance between her and Jon. They were my favorite romantic relationship in the book. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Blackwater Battle and I will be very distraught if a very special scene between Sandor and Sansa that involves singing and a torn white cloak left on her bedroom floor is left out. /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />
1098	Francois Clegane	2012-04-04	Theon's story, Blackwater, and a drunk Sandor Clegane fleeing the battle, only for Tyrion to take over! I'll have to wait for the adaptation of A Storm of Swords to see my beloved Hound featured more!!!
1099	m_k	2012-04-04	well everything actually still
1. More of robb and jaime conversation
2. Harrenhal storyline
3. Jon/ halfhand
4. Hound fleeing from battle
5. Theon as prince of winterfell and his downfall
6. Shadow babies
Also i want the season to end with exactly where book ends with bran's dialog "winterfell is not dead just brocken like me". That one sentence really showed bran's toughness and that even though he is a little boy he is a stark. I mean if they end with just winterfell burning then every non book reader viewer will be disapointed and some may not even watch season 3, every body need atleast some hope for a better day for the stark.
1100	m_k	2012-04-04	well everything actually still
1. More of robb and jaime conversation
2. Harrenhal storyline
3. Jon/ halfhand
4. Hound fleeing from battle
5. Theon as prince of winterfell and his downfall
6. Shadow babies
Also i want the season to end with exactly where book ends with bran's dialog "winterfell is not dead just brocken like me". That one sentence really showed bran's toughness and that even though he is a little boy he is a stark. I mean if they end with just winterfell burning then every non book reader viewer will be disapointed and some may not even watch season 3, every body need atleast some hope for a better day for the stark.
1101	Maester Murks	2012-04-04	Mostly Tyrion in KL. I wonder if we get to see him and Janos Slynt having a drink together... Then of course the whole Theon arc... i hope they will make it look like he actually did kill Bran and Rickon (perhaps with some very little hints for the perceptive viewers) , so that only in the last episode the truth can be revealed.
1102	Francys Targaryen	2012-04-04	House of the Undying (one of my favorite chapters in the series)
Pyke
Melisandres shadow demon babys
Davos just being an all around beast all the time
Tyrion telling Cersei she will never slap him again...
and Reek.
1103	Secret Targ	2012-04-04	How they handle the Renly/Marg/Loras thing
since it seems from previews, they make a call on how that relationship actually goes down.
Theon going to the dark side
Roose Bolton.
Blackwater.
1104	nubreed000	2012-04-04	All of Arya's story
Theon in Winterfell
House of the Undying
Jon Snow and the Halfhand (that whole series of chapters was epic)
1105	Mark Antony	2012-04-04	1. Blackwater
2. Qhorin vs Jon
3. Sansa/Hound development
4. Arya escaping Harrenhal
5. Bran/Rickon emerging from the crypts
1106	DannySpud	2012-04-04	The Blackwater episode (9 probably) needs to be epic.Catelyn pointing a sword at Jamie (hopefully at the end of an episode)Every single second of Tyrion or AryaQuorin fighting Jon, especially given the size of the direwolvesThree blasts on the hornNot really bothered about Brienne this season, next season is when she should get interestingCurious about the Robb/Jeyne stuffAs much as I'm looking forward to the rest of this season, I'm really looking forward to next season.
1107	conny	2012-04-05	everything involving jon snow
the reek story
but most of all: Janos Slynt getting what he deserves
(no matter what season this might be)
1108	SerRodzilla	2012-04-05	Arya, arya, arya.  My friend was complaining to me that this season doesn't seem brutal or weird enough compared to the first, and I'm like, "Just wait....especially for Arya's storyline /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />"Not brutal enough? a baby got killed and then you saw them dragging the body along and a kid who brley looked 12 was drowned. pretty brutal if you ask me.
1109	tearloch	2012-04-05	I wonder if HBO is really gonna have Jon fight Qorin?  They seem to be cutting out alot of characters, and they may find a cheaper way for Jon to earn the trust of the wildlings.
I am looking forward to Jon's storyline
Tyrion's power struggle with Joffrey and Cersei
Blackwater
Melisandre's shadow baby and her control over Stannis
House of the Undying and Dany's clothing in Quaithe.....
1110	Sambo	2012-04-05	And I'm also curious about Tyrion's disfigurement. They must give him the scar, but it would be really great if they cut of his nose as well.I'm curious about that too; I doubt Peter Dinklage will consent to having his nose cut off though
1111	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-05	I'm curious about that too; I doubt Peter Dinklage will consent to having his nose cut off thoughOh I don't know, Aaron Paul will offer some top quality competition for the next Emmys. Peter may have to go that extra, disfiguring mile to keep his crown /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1112	DannySpud	2012-04-05	I'm curious about that too; I doubt Peter Dinklage will consent to having his nose cut off thoughAmateur, Maisie Williams totally would!I wonder if HBO is really gonna have Jon fight Qorin?  They seem to be cutting out alot of characters, and they may find a cheaper way for Jon to earn the trust of the wildlings.
	Spoiler They've cast him, so I assume they will. That's basically the whole point of his character.
1113	boojam	2012-04-05	I'm curious about that too; I doubt Peter Dinklage will consent to having his nose cut off thoughWhat works as prose is too distracting as a visual, he will get a scar.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 06 April 2012 - 09:23 AM.
1114	Shienberg	2012-04-05	Arya's prayer...
"Queen Cersei, King Joffrey, the Tickler the Hound..."
Weasel soup.
Death of Leuwin/destruction of Winterfell.
More warging.
Tyrion at the Blackwater and the Cersei/Sansa struggle inside.
The end (because it brings us closer to season three where the list really gets long)
1115	Caro99	2012-04-05	*Most of all, the San/San scenes!!!
- the riot scene
- blackwater
but since ACOK is my favorite book, i am impatient to watch pretty much everything else,
1116	tryagainlater	2012-04-05	Some Arya stuff, Renly's death, Blackwater and House of the Undying. I can't imagine how they went about filming the House of the Undying. Hope it holds up well to the books.
1117	Celeste Greyjoy	2012-04-05	I also can't wait for the House of the Undying, and I too hope it holds up to the books. Worst case scenario is I'll be happy if they show that one certain vision of the Red Wedding. Blackwater will be abused. They should show the battle scene, but if they're not cutting it into two episodes, it'll be somewhat of a concern. How can they pump all of that into one hour? It'll be a tad hard with everything that is going on there.
1118	Faceless Sam	2012-04-06	mel giving birth to the shadow.
					
					
							Edited by Faceless Sam, 06 April 2012 - 08:30 AM.
1119	DannySpud	2012-04-06	I also can't wait for the House of the Undying, and I too hope it holds up to the books. Worst case scenario is I'll be happy if they show that one certain vision of the Red Wedding. Blackwater will be abused. They should show the battle scene, but if they're not cutting it into two episodes, it'll be somewhat of a concern. How can they pump all of that into one hour? It'll be a tad hard with everything that is going on there.It'll be hard, but as long as they get the basics in there (boats go in, chain goes up, wildfire explodes, boats burn, Hound flees from the fire, Tyrion steps up the badassery, Podric to the rescue) then I'll be happy with it. It's a pretty intense sequence to have in anything, let alone a tv show.
1120	WhiteWalder	2012-04-06	House of the Undying, Blackwater - I want to see Tyrion rush into battle and jump from ship to ship, then get his nose cut off.  I love watching Joffrey being Joffrey (its kind of like driving by a car wreck and having to look), and I want to watch Sansa get smacked around by the Kingsguard, just because I think she has been a lame character up to this point.
1121	flyingwind66	2012-04-06	House of the Undying, Blackwater - I want to see Tyrion rush into battle and jump from ship to ship, then get his nose cut off.  I love watching Joffrey being Joffrey (its kind of like driving by a car wreck and having to look), and I want to watch Sansa get smacked around by the Kingsguard, just because I think she has been a lame character up to this point.Ditto on Sansa... don't know why I'm so sadistic /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />Does house of the undying happen in book 2? I remember plowing through the first 4 books and sometimes the events meld together for me...I also look forward to those Renly and Tyrell scenes
1122	Chelly	2012-04-06	Something else now that I'm rereading ACoK, I am very excited for Brienne's introduction. I hope they keep her fight from when Catelyn first sees her. I also want to see how the show goes about Cat and Brienne's bonding. I always like them as a team and the dynamic between them as characters. Catelyn is very much a "lady" who doesn't mind filling out her "lady" roles as a dutiful mother and wife while Brienne is the opposite who wants a more non-traditional "lady" way of life by being a knight and soldier. Yet, both women are very strong, tough, and have more control over their lives than most other women in Westeros do. Its that difference between them that I find them bonding to be so fascinating. On the surface they appear opposite of each other, but they actually are more alike than you would think.
1123	HyacinthGirl	2012-04-07	Spoilers ahead...
Arya. All of Arya's scenes are going to be epic. I know there was a lack of her in S02E01 but quit complaining everyone, because they put her first chapter of Clash into the end of S01E10, and the last shot of the wagon was a great ending.
Houses of the Undying. Man, that is going to be awesome.
Jon & Qhorin. And fingers crossed, they will end the season on the three horn blasts on the Fist. Please, please, pleeeeeeease.
Tyrion & Cersei's war with each other, Blackwater (I'm not a San/San shipper, but hopefully they won't leave THAT bit out), and the riot in KL. I saw in the trailers that the riot scene has been moved from horseback to just walking, and I think that's a great touch for the screen: it will be a lot more claustrophobic and feel so much more violent. I'd also like to mention how amazing Jack Gleeson is: he's one of the highlights of the show, and I had no idea I could hate Joffrey more than I did when I read the books but somehow, Gleeson found a way. What a great little actor, definitley looking forward to more of that.
Davos! Especially the shadowbaby bit, and how it will end... really interested to see what that will look like.
Definitley looking forward to more Robb.
Fall of winterfell. Personally, I dislike the Ironborn so much that Theon's story arc is the least interesting to me, but I am looking forward to that.
To summarise: ALL OF IT.
1124	boojam	2012-04-07	Something else now that I'm rereading ACoK, I am very excited for Brienne's introduction. I hope they keep her fight from when Catelyn first sees her. I also want to see how the show goes about Cat and Brienne's bonding.We have see short fast snippets of Brienne and Loras final fight moments in melee.I wonder if it was start where Cat came in, there were only four horse mounted knights left, George helped the production there!But I don't see any horse in the background, hope they have them, just seems better.
1125	seeyouintee	2012-04-07	Forgot to mention Brienne. I'm trying to withhold judgement on this chick they got to play her. If she can pull it off, can't wait to see her abuse Renly's Rainbow Guard, escape, and (excuse my horrible book timeline) if it's in this season, all the Jaime/Brienne interaction.
1126	DannySpud	2012-04-07	@seeyouintee (sorry, on tablet, can't quote for some reason) If they stick to the book storyline that should be next season, the last Jamie scene in CoK is Cat getting annoyed with Jamie and asking for her sword.
1127	seeyouintee	2012-04-07	@seeyouintee (sorry, on tablet, can't quote for some reason) If they stick to the book storyline that should be next season, the last Jamie scene in CoK is Cat getting annoyed with Jamie and asking for her sword.Yeah, I thought so. I'm rubbish at separating the story into individual books. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1128	lmanion	2012-04-08	I really hope to see
-House of the Undying
-Arya
-Jon/Halfhand
-Tyrion in KL
-Blackwater
-The Peach!
I really want the last scene to be as someone else described with Sam hearing the horn blown 3 times and him realising what it means.
I really couldn't care less about the Iron Born/Theon in the books and if its possible I care less about them now in the TV series.
1129	Crown	2012-04-08	The final scene with Bran, and his line about Winterfell.
1130	Chelly	2012-04-08	The final scene with Bran, and his line about Winterfell. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Although, I know I'm going to get all teary when he says it.
1131	Mad Queen	2012-04-08	Wildfire burning!
1132	DannySpud	2012-04-08	When does Victarion come in? He's easily my favourite iron born (not that he has much competition...)
1133	Chelly	2012-04-08	When does Victarion come in? He's easily my favourite iron born (not that he has much competition...)Well, Vic doesn't appear until book 4 AFfC, but it is possible he will be introduced earlier on the show, who knows? Certainly not this season, though.
1134	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-10	seeing as they seem to be quickly fastforwarding throw the "beyond the wall" story, it seems possible that we might see a white walker this season.I'm wondering about this as it takes the whole of Clash of Kings for Jon to actually find the Wildlings. Basically nothing happens in the beyond the wall storyline until the last chapter. It looks like they are fast forwarding this story. I don't know what they are going to do to fill the time next season though
1135	Northern Girl 30	2012-04-03	Why on earth did they make Silver die? I wonder if they are replacing Silver's death for Doreah? She is a cute handmaid, and did teach Dany how to please Drogo..I guess more appealing for TV?
But I am quite sad about that...I feel that Silver is much cooler!
1136	Princess of the Night	2012-04-04	I don't really know, and to be honest, I don't remember when did she die at all.. In the books, of course.
I don't think they are replacing Doreah's death, I think she will die in the next episode, or the one after that..
1137	David Selig	2012-04-04	Doreah must survive, she is really hot and her sexposition scene with Vyseris was pretty much the only good one so far in the series.
1138	teemo	2012-04-04	Spoiler Yeah, I've heard some rumors that Doreah lives and another handmaid dies instead.  Doreah sure looks like she's about to drop dead though. Damn.  Can anyone confirm or deny this?  Maybe she'll play around with Dany sexually instead of Irri.

					
					
							Edited by dannister, 04 April 2012 - 04:49 AM.
1139	Ran	2012-04-04	No spoiling episode 2, folks.
1140	boojam	2012-04-04	Why on earth did they make Silver die? I wonder if they are replacing Silver's death for Doreah? She is a cute handmaid, and did teach Dany how to please Drogo..I guess more appealing for TV?But I am quite sad about that...I feel that Silver is much cooler!I know horses are hard to work with, but surely they have not exhausted that budget , yet.This seemed kind of unnecessary , I mean the horse does not play a major role.... butmakes some future scenes appear a little odd in visual composition , unless they are planning a replacement.
1141	sarah.jenice	2012-04-04	I was sad to see Dany's Silver die because she rides her into Qaarth and among her "children," and I do not see why it was necessary. I'm sure Dany could ride another horse at any time, and it is probably only those who have read the books that feel Dany's Silver is important. Her death did lead to some great dialogue with Dany and Ser Jorah.
I'm not sure about Doreah, but she didn't look well. Dany didn't look well either.
Also, after her exchange with Rakkaro, I was wondering if he could take the place of her handmaiden scene or even Daario. There definitely seemed to be something there, and I like the guy who plays him. I honestly wouldn't mind if they went there because I would prefer him and Dany having a thing over her and Daario.
					
					
							Edited by sarah.jenice, 04 April 2012 - 10:52 AM.
1142	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-04	I was choked to see Silver die but it is not a big deal. I really did not fell a thing between Dany and Rakkaro, just only blood of my blood thingy and iI really like it. I do hope we will get a Darrio because I need to hate him,   a Dany/Rakkaro love will not do that and it will be like a betrayal to drogo IMO.
1143	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2012-04-04	Yeah, for me the Rakkaro and Dany interchange was one of deep friendship and trust. Rather than being romantic, the way I perceived it was that they are extremely close in the blood of my blood way, not even really even needing to speak to convey how much they have been through together. On top of that, Rakkaro has saved Dany on more than one occasion - when Viserys was threatening her and when she was almost poisoned. He's always been there for her. I felt like the whole scene, including the part with Jorah, was to show how much she trusts and loves the two most loyal men in her life.
As for the Silver, it was a bummer, but her death did succinctly indicate just how difficult their journey across the Red Waste was, as well as being a tear-in-m-eye Drogo moment.
1144	Princess of the Night	2012-04-04	I was sad to see Dany's Silver die because she rides her into Qaarth and among her "children," and I do not see why it was necessary.Yeah, I forgot about that.
1145	True Northerner	2012-04-04	Just realized something... HBO had to cancel the 2nd season of the series Luck (about horse racing) because the horses kept dying during filming. Maybe the lack of horses all around is related to this. Extremely hard animals to work with in an quantity, and animal right issues, etc...
1146	Envie	2012-04-04	They're cutting down a LOT of information from book two and even bringing over scenes from book 3 this season, so I'm pretty sure there are some scenes that won't happen such as Dany riding Silver amongst the people of Qarth. I think Dany's whole long journey from city to city is going to be condensed quite a bit. While she was one of my favorites in the books and is in the show, her 'journey' and all the slaver stuff got really stale towards the end of the last book for me. I will be happy for some brevity on that story arc.
Having Silver die was a dramatic scene made special for television to pull heart strings and to show how dire her situation is to viewers. Almost all of the horses die by the end of their trudge across the lands by the time they've reached Mereen if I remember correctly.
1147	boojam	2012-04-04	Just realized something... HBO had to cancel the 2nd season of the series Luck (about horse racing) because the horses kept dying during filming. Maybe the lack of horses all around is related to this. Extremely hard animals to work with in an quantity, and animal right issues, etc...Yeah but those are thoroughbreds they have a vulnerability that quarter horses and Arabian don't have.I don't know enough about what kind of horse they use in film , say, I am guessing they use very robust breeds.There must be also strict protocols for film horse, not sure where to look it up.
1148	Ser Plissken	2012-04-04	I reckon Silver's gonna be fed to the dragons.  IIRC, Dany's first scene showed her trying to get one of the little critters to eat.
There's a scene in the book where she's having trouble getting the dragons to eat, until they realise the meat has to be cooked first.
I wonder if we'll see this next week...
1149	The Owl	2012-04-04	I was under the impression that Silver in the books were taken by one of the newly formed kalasars after Drogo goes catatonic at the end of Game of Thrones, along with most the people and slaves?
1150	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-04	I actually liked this scene because it was the last thing she had left from Drogo, well, besides the stragglers of his former Khalasar.
I also don't mind the little moment between Dany and Jakharo. I think the actor who plays him is exceptional and I'm sure the producers noticed this and want to expand his role a bit.
1151	Ser Sweets	2012-04-05	Why on earth did they make Silver die? I wonder if they are replacing Silver's death for Doreah? She is a cute handmaid, and did teach Dany how to please Drogo..I guess more appealing for TV?But I am quite sad about that...I feel that Silver is much cooler!This was my initial thought. There's a good possibility that Doreah will die in the next episode, in conformity with the book, but considering how condensed the episode was in comparison to the first few chapters of A Clash of Kings, I would lean towards the idea that they changed Doreah's death for Silver's.Personally, I don't mind that. I thought the relationship between Dany and Doreah was warmer than her relationships with Irri and Jhiqui and feel as a character she would have more to give. I'm willing to bet that if Doreah does live in the series, Dany's 'stress relief' will involve her instead of her other handmaids. There was lesbian tension in the first series between them, after all.I'm more concerned about the possible implementations on the character of Missandei. In the books, Doreah and Missandei took similar places alongside Dany. Granted, one was a sexual teacher and one was an innocent scribe, but in terms of Dany's emotions they were somewhat on a level.It makes me wonder whether Missandei will make an appearance in the tv show if Doreah lives.
1152	boojam	2012-04-05	I reckon Silver's gonna be fed to the dragons.  IIRC, Dany's first scene showed her trying to get one of the little critters to eat.There's a scene in the book where she's having trouble getting the dragons to eat, until they realise the meat has to be cooked first.I wonder if we'll see this next week...I am not going to go searching back through the books, but part about Dany trying to feed the dragons raw meat was in the novels. Then mysteriously she remembers they like meat flambeed. I may misremember but seems it was not her brother who told her that , but someone else, I think, a curious thing. I don't know how she keep them alive till she remembered, she nursed them?
1153	Ser Plissken	2012-04-05	From Dany's first chaper in ACoK:Such little things, she thought as she fed them by hand. or rather, tried to feed them, for the dragons would not eat. They would hiss and spit at each bloody morsel of horsemeat, steam rising from their nostrils, yet they would not take the foodâ<U+0080>¦ until Dany recalled something Viserys had told her when they were children. Only dragons and men eat cooked meat, he had said. When she had her handmaids char the horsemeat black, the dragons ripped at it eagerly, their heads striking like snakes. So long as the meat was seared, they gulped down several times their own weight every day, and at last began to grow larger and stronger.
1154	boojam	2012-04-05	From Dany's first chaper in ACoK:Such little things, she thought as she fed them by hand. or rather, tried to feed them, for the dragons would not eat. They would hiss and spit at each bloody morsel of horsemeat, steam rising from their nostrils, yet they would not take the foodâ<U+0080>¦ until Dany recalled something Viserys had told her when they were children. Only dragons and men eat cooked meat, he had said. When she had her handmaids char the horsemeat black, the dragons ripped at it eagerly, their heads striking like snakes. So long as the meat was seared, they gulped down several times their own weight every day, and at last began to grow larger and stronger.Ah ha! So my memory did not serve. Well I wonder what they are going to do on the show have Dany say, "Wait a min., Viserys did tell me." ?Now I guess Viserys could have learned that from his father.Or somebody on Braavos?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 April 2012 - 08:45 AM.
1155	sarah.jenice	2012-04-05	I was under the impression that Silver in the books were taken by one of the newly formed kalasars after Drogo goes catatonic at the end of Game of Thrones, along with most the people and slaves?No, I am pretty sure Dany rides her Silver through the streets of Qarth and even after she frees the slaves in A Storm of Swords. In her House of the Undying Ones visions, she sees herself riding her Silver through ten thousand slaves while they cheer and call her mother, which happens in A Storm of Swords.
1156	Ser Sweets	2012-04-05	Silver actually remains with Dany way up until--
	Spoiler --A Dance with Dragons, where her stabling alongside the elephants and close to Dany's dragons underneath the Pyramind is mentioned in a PoV by either Quentyn or Selmy.
1157	J_Crews	2012-04-05	... after [Dany's] exchange with Rakkaro, I was wondering if he could take the place of... Daario.This.  I've been thinking the same thing.  He's a good actor, and, budget consideration-wise, it keeps them from having to cast a whole separate Daario and having him set through hours pre-production vis a vis the crazy hair, etc..  Also, it would still sort of fulfill the forbidden love angle; a Queen and one of her Blood Riders would likely raise eyebrows.
1158	J_Crews	2012-04-05	.... I think Dany's whole long journey from city to city is going to be condensed quite a bit...Just as an FYI, we know from published summaries of the review episodes that...
	Spoiler  Dany won't be arriving in Qarth until episode 4.  Here's the link.
1159	Envie	2012-04-05	Just as an FYI, we know from published summaries of the review episodes that...
	Spoiler  Dany won't be arriving in Qarth until episode 4.  Here's the link. 
Well I was really hoping they'd condense the entire thing...it gets really wearisome after awhile.
1160	sarah.jenice	2012-04-05	This.  I've been thinking the same thing.  He's a good actor, and, budget consideration-wise, it keeps them from having to cast a whole separate Daario and having him set through hours pre-production vis a vis the crazy hair, etc..  Also, it would still sort of fulfill the forbidden love angle; a Queen and one of her Blood Riders would likely raise eyebrows.I'm glad someone else felt the same way. The way she says you're my last hope, it just seemed like there was a lot of feeling between them. And I agree that they will need to cut back on characters because of the budget. I know with those of us who have read the books, it seems unthinkable that she would have a relationship with one of her bloodriders, but from a show perspective, I could see it.
1161	Envie	2012-04-05	This.  I've been thinking the same thing.  He's a good actor, and, budget consideration-wise, it keeps them from having to cast a whole separate Daario and having him set through hours pre-production vis a vis the crazy hair, etc..  Also, it would still sort of fulfill the forbidden love angle; a Queen and one of her Blood Riders would likely raise eyebrows.I would be really surprised if they leave out Daario. Not because of his affair with Daenerys but because of the pivotal role he plays in the sellsword plot. Don't forget how instrumental he was in aiding Daenerys in the begininng, long before they became lovers.
1162	boojam	2012-04-05	Just as an FYI, we know from published summaries of the review episodes that...
	Spoiler  Dany won't be arriving in Qarth until episode 4.  Here's the link. 
Hmm... I can't tell from those summaries just what Dany is doing.If I were a teleplay writer I would skip the Vaes Tolorro bit of Daenerys I in CoK.I am guessing they will.Lord! What are they going to do in episodes 2 and 3, more red waste wandering is ennui.I thought George went on to much about that in the novel.I can't see episode 2 telling a long flashback about Jorah's life.Gonna have to punch up Dany's story for visual narrative.
1163	J_Crews	2012-04-06	Hmm... I can't tell from those summaries just what Dany is doing.If I were a teleplay writer I would skip the Vaes Tolorro bit of Daenerys I in CoK.I am guessing they will.Lord! What are they going to do in episodes 2 and 3, more red waste wandering is ennui.I thought George went on to much about that in the novel.I can't see episode 2 telling a long flashback about Jorah's life.Gonna have to punch up Dany's story for visual narrative.That's sort of why I think we might see some of Vaes Tolorro, or at least them stumbling onto an oasis or something.  There just isn't much more they can do for two whole episodes,  I would think, unless they skimp considerably on Dany scenes.  After all, she had a relatively small number of POVs in ACoK, so it's possible.  I don't think they'll skimp her too bad, though.  I look for them to extend her stuff in Qarth, so maybe theyll go short on Dany in the beginning.  After episode 4 (I'm assuming the last few moments), there'll be no more Renly to eat-up screen time, so they could show Dany more later.
1164	boojam	2012-04-06	That's sort of why I think we might see some of Vaes Tolorro, or at least them stumbling onto an oasis or something.  There just isn't much more they can do for two whole episodes,  I would think, unless they skimp considerably on Dany scenes.  After all, she had a relatively small number of POVs in ACoK, so it's possible.  I don't think they'll skimp her too bad, though.  I look for them to extend her stuff in Qarth, so maybe theyll go short on Dany in the beginning.  After episode 4 (I'm assuming the last few moments), there'll be no more Renly to eat-up screen time, so they could show Dany more later.Now , wait, everybody wants to see those dragons grow!QED.
1165	Envie	2012-04-06	Now , wait, everybody wants to see those dragons grow!QED.
	Spoiler But like the rest of her journey, they're growing so slooowly. The whole point of stretching it all out over all those slaver cities is to give the dragons time to grow up and be strong enough for riders, which doesn't happen until the very end of the last book.
I think I'm resigned to the fact that Dany's scenes this season, like most of the second book, will be slow and not much happening. Her part in the greater picture does not really start to come alive until the 4th book.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 06 April 2012 - 06:24 PM.
1166	boojam	2012-04-07	Spoiler But like the rest of her journey, they're growing so slooowly. The whole point of stretching it all out over all those slaver cities is to give the dragons time to grow up and be strong enough for riders, which doesn't happen until the very end of the last book.
I think I'm resigned to the fact that Dany's scenes this season, like most of the second book, will be slow and not much happening. Her part in the greater picture does not really start to come alive until the 4th book.I know D&D are aware of that, strong bet would be , some punching up the narrative and some zingers.You know we have only gotten clips from the first 4 episodes, total mystery as to what the next 6 will bring.Like Pyke seem to be keeping be playing that close.I actually wonder, should be quite a bit of CGI VFX to come, least I hope so, wonder if they are still working on it?
1167	int11	2012-04-03	Game of Thrones returned with a series high 2.0 adults 18-49 rating to go along with its 3.86 million viewers.http://tvbythenumber...es-more/127202/Update: While waiting for this thread to be approved, Westeros started a similar thread here which already contains some discussion.
					
					
							Edited by int11, 04 April 2012 - 10:45 AM.
1168	Snowman3131	2012-04-04	Thanks for sharing!
1169	Ran	2012-04-01	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically when the pre-show (starting at 8:45PM) begins.
1170	Greywolf2375	2012-04-01	What was the pre-show?  Was it on line or an HBO special because I'm not seeing anything on HBO for GoT til 9.
1171	Lord Beethoven the 9th	2012-04-01	HBO has a pre-show avaliable on-line nowhttp://www.hbo.com/#...aayMQIAUmYXOA==
1172	WrathOfTinyKittens	2012-04-01	Itching to start watching. Girlfriend got a phone call RIGHT at 8 pm and has been happily chatting about nothing at all. It's an effort to keep still. 
(null)
1173	Jaxom 1974	2012-04-01	Itching to start watching. Girlfriend got a phone call RIGHT at 8 pm and has been happily chatting about nothing at all. It's an effort to keep still.(null)Oh I understand...using this time to look here while waiting to get kids to bed...
1174	Milk Steak	2012-04-01	There should be a producer who does nothing but remind the writers that you can't have a scene with Hodor without him saying Hodor at least once
1175	Seed	2012-04-01	Waiting for my friend to finish Episode 10....I'm dying over here.
1176	YellowDogJen	2012-04-01	Craster's way too well groomed.
1177	Seed	2012-04-01	Craster's way too well groomed.Haven't watched yet, but I always imagined Craster to be just as crazy and grubbing looking as Lord Walder Frey
1178	YellowDogJen	2012-04-01	Grey Wind is huuuuuuge! And scary!
1179	Cat from The Canals	2012-04-01	I cant remember from the book.....why does Mellisadre (sp) think Stannis is The Prince Who was promised. And where did fake lightbringer come from?
1180	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-01	I'll watch the East coast feed in a few minutes and then the West coast feed in HD at 9:00.  Meat pies, Dornish peppers (Cornish pasties and salad) and Mead for the first viewing.  A wheel of cheese and mulled wine, while watching the 9PM.
1181	Seed	2012-04-01	I cant remember from the book.....why does Mellisadre (sp) think Stannis is The Prince Who was promised. And where did fake lightbringer come from?Didn't she see Stannis being AA in the fires?
1182	Baitac	2012-04-01	Craster looked better coiffed than the rangers. Too well fed also.
1183	Milk Steak	2012-04-01	She saw it in the fire, along with Ned living until 80 and Joffrey being a swell fella
1184	Cat from The Canals	2012-04-01	I love Little Finger and love to hats Cersei
1185	Cat from The Canals	2012-04-01	Oh STFU Theon
1186	Baitac	2012-04-01	Visions of King Herod. Did this happen?
1187	Baitac	2012-04-01	Loved the addition of Dragonstone to the map!
1188	Mark Antony	2012-04-01	Wolves were perfect imo, Only complaints were the Cersei/Littlefinger and Cersei/Joffrey scenes, and they are really miliking Theons betrayal sheesh
					
					
							Edited by WuTangWesteros, 01 April 2012 - 09:52 PM.
1189	Mya Stone	2012-04-01	So...was it Joffrey that ordered the killing of Robert's bastards or Cersei? I'm honestly unsure what direction the show meant to take there. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Poor Barra. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1190	Arch-MaesterPhilip	2012-04-01	I was kind of disappointed.
1191	Hound's She-wolf	2012-04-01	Haven't watched yet, but I always imagined Craster to be just as crazy and grubbing looking as Lord Walder FreyI expected Craster to be like Frey, too.
1192	Independent George	2012-04-01	Quick thoughts:
1. The episode felt like it jumped around a little too much - reminiscent of the early episodes in S1. Hopefully this is the last time I'll be saying this.
2. I definitely would have preferred Barra's death off-camera, as in the books; it felt a little too much like it was done for shock value.
3. That said, the transition from the armorer to Gendry on the Kingsroad was very nicely done, and a great way to end the episode.
4. Did anyone else find it odd that Gendry was riding the cart while all those little kids had to walk?
5. Loved Tyrion's entrance; that worked out much better than in the books.
6. Hated the Littlefinger/Cersei confrontation. Littlefinger's too smart to goad her like that. Leaving aside the books, it directly contradicts his brothel soliloquy in S1.
7. Interesting decision to have Stannis' ravengram reach Robb & Catelyn before treating with Renly. I'm neutral about this one for now - I liked the fog of war affecting their diplomacy in the book, but this has potential of its own. 
8. I'm watched in a hotel room in Philadelphia, so this was the first time I've watched anything non-HD in ages. It still looked pretty good.
1193	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	I think they just wanted to make Cersei's killing of the bastards more obvious.  By the way that Joffrey said "someone believes it" it definitely makes it seem like it was Cersei who did it.
1194	Trebla	2012-04-01	Was stunned by the Cersei and LF scene. Wondering if was to make LF a bit more reactionary and therefore a seed to why he actively begins to betray the Lannisters.
Loved Grey Wind. That beastie be no dog
Poor silver horse.
I had heard about Tyrion's line to Cersei about how it must feel for her to be the disappointment. Loved it.
Oh and was that Herod or HARREN?
1195	Tsavong Lah	2012-04-01	The whole episode I was trying to figure out how they were going to end the episode in a memorable way. The bastard purge shocked even me, I didn't think they'd actually include a scene of Barra being killed.
Also, in previews for the rest of the season, Rattleshirt looked awesome in the brief moment he was shown.
@Mya Stone,
I'm pretty sure it was Cersei. Joffrey bringing it up embarrassed and shamed her, made her look weak. So she had to do something about it.
1196	Monday	2012-04-01	Bara's murder onscreen was a good choice. It was interesting that they implied Joff was behind the murders of Robert's bastards. They sure whitewash our Cersei.
1197	Lady Octarina	2012-04-01	Grey Wind is huuuuuuge! And scary!Yeah, I love it that they decided to show more of the direwolves this season! But Summer was weird... or was it the water that gave such impression?Anyway, a nice episode to begin a season with. I loved how Joffrey is showing his true colors to dear mommy already! And I actually had to laugh when I saw what Stephen Dillane did to Stannis' mouth, that was just too perfect!
1198	Monday	2012-04-01	Double.
					
					
							Edited by Monday, 01 April 2012 - 09:03 PM.
1199	Mya Stone	2012-04-01	I also understand your complaints, Elio, about the LF/Cersei scene, but I kind of see where they tried to make it work - LF's always been prickly when it comes to his past and Cat. Cersei ruffled his feathers there, so he attacked back. 
Not completely in character with his book persona, but not completely out of character, either. Definitely a little clunky.
1200	CelticCail	2012-04-01	What is up with Craster?  Not what I expected there.  And er............. that Petyr/Cersei scene was odd to say the least and what's up with killing all the bastards?  Did that even happen?  Possibly my fault for not having read book 2 in a couple years but I have no memory of that. 
Otherwise, it was alright but a little lackluster.
1201	Hound's She-wolf	2012-04-01	Anyone else notice the Hound was fighting with the mace in his right hand in one scene, then it was in his left in the next?
1202	Jessica Bendis	2012-04-01	Where was Ghost, btw?
1203	Greywolf2375	2012-04-01	Need to watch it again but:
- did not like that Ice was not included in the terms
- did not like that they didn't have Robb work over Catelyn with the "Send Umber instead" ploy that shows he is maturing as a leader and king.
- so Lightbringer gets left on the beach?  kinda disappointed they didn't have all of the 7 in one bonfire - if they had shown that they were in the same pattern as the wildling bodies/Drogo's pyre that would have been one thing but this seemed haphazard
- Crasters was way too organized & clean, the focus being on Jon being pretty got a little cloying
excited it is back on, but it does have a great season 1 to follow up as well as a tough book to cover well.
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 01 April 2012 - 09:04 PM.
1204	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-01	Loved the confrontation between Cersei and Littlefinger. Good set up for things to come. 
I was shocked that they showed the murder of Robert's bastards on-screen. The audience is really going to hate Janos Slynt as well he should be!
1205	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	My  general impression was that the episode started a little slow, but by the time Robb confronted Jaime it was great.  It does seem like it's jumping around a lot.  I'm rereading ACoK right now and I'm 350 pages in and that episode showed two large things that haven't happened in the books yet.  It was just odd.  I loved the direwolves, Bran's wolf dreams were done really well.  Robb is perfectly badass rebel, and seeing him yell at Catelyn showed his independent streak beginning to emerge.  Theon seems much more loyal than he did in the books to Ned Stark.
1206	hurricaneez2	2012-04-01	Natalie Dormer....cant wait til next week.
Solid start to the season. Clearly the episodes pacing was hurt due to the need to introduce the new characters.
1207	Mack Kilimaro	2012-04-01	Melisandre's necklace glowed when Cressen tried to poison her. I enjoyed that touch.
Hopefully we can look back on this as the pleasant appetizer to a kick-ass season of TV.
1208	Laohu	2012-04-01	Oh and was that Herod or HARREN?Are you referring to the duel scene at the beginning of the show? The announcer was presumably saying "Hollard" for Ser Dontos Hollard.
1209	CelticCail	2012-04-01	But Summer was weird... or was it the water that gave such impression?I totally agree.  Summer looked too dark.  I'm like "Oh, I think that's Shaggy" but then it was obviously supposed to be Summer.  Hum.  Anyway, very minor issue there.
1210	Trebla	2012-04-01	What is up with Craster?  Not what I expected there.  And er............. that Petyr/Cersei scene was odd to say the least and what's up with killing all the bastards?  Did that even happen?  Possibly my fault for not having read book 2 in a couple years but I have no memory of that.Otherwise, it was alright but a little lackluster.Cersei definitely had more than one bastard killed. Besides Barra there was the one at Casterly Rock.It was a good choice to have Janos Slynt do the deed himself. Viewers may not remember him betraying Ned but they will definitely remember this.
1211	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-01	Need to watch it again but:- did not like that Ice was not included in the terms- did not like that they didn't have Robb work over Catelyn with the "Send Umber instead" ploy that shows he is maturing as a leader and king.- so Lightbringer gets left on the beach?  kinda disappointed they didn't have all of the 7 in one bonfire - if they had shown that they were in the same pattern as the wildling bodies/Drogo's pyre that would have been one thing but this seemed haphazard- Crasters was way too organized & clean, the focus being on Jon being pretty got a little cloyingexcited it is back on, but it does have a great season 1 to follow up as well as a tough book to cover well.This is exactly how I felt about it.  All in all I did love it.  Husband (the non book reader) also loved it.
1212	Monday	2012-04-01	The best part for me was the Tyrion/Cersei conversation. Lena and Peter nailed it.
1213	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-01	I like that the show adds scenes like Cersei vs. Littlefinger. The show would be boring if it followed the books exactly. I want to be surprised a little. 
I love the episode overall but I only have one complaint...the death and self sacrifice of Maester Cressen wasn't as dramatic/tragic as in the books. They could have played it up a little more.
1214	Hound's She-wolf	2012-04-01	Was stunned by the Cersei and LF scene. Wondering if was to make LF a bit more reactionary and therefore a seed to why he actively begins to betray the Lannisters.I had heard about Tyrion's line to Cersei about how it must feel for her to be the disappointment. Loved it.So totally agree on both points. LF seems to have prospered pretty well under the Lannisters, why would he betray them without a pretty good reason. Although I did like Cersei's smackdown when he tried to intimidate her.
1215	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	I also found I'm liking Lena's Cersei more than I did in season 1.  She is much more animated and emotional than she appeared in Season 1 which is definitely how I pictured Cersei.
1216	Fez	2012-04-01	Didn't like how clean and well-fed Craster was, didn't like the LF/Cersei scene, and I thought the show jumped around a little too much. Not sure much could be done about that though; although I don't think the second Bran scene was necessary, there'll be plenty of time later to show that he has strange dreams.
Otherwise I really liked it. Thee way Joffrey's tournament looked and the Dragonstone scenes stand out in particular; also Peter Dinklage was just knocking it out of the park, as always.
1217	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-01	Also, Littlefinger had a very small role in ACoK and by the trailers it looks like the show is going to give him a bigger role which I'm all for.
1218	Eve	2012-04-01	I expected Craster to be like Frey, too.I did as well.Loved Greywind snarling in Jaime's face.Having to introduce so many new characters, Arya got stuck with the pointy end.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  I was looking forward so much to seeing her!
1219	Hound's She-wolf	2012-04-01	- did not like that Ice was not included in the termsWas Ice ever mentioned in terms in the book? I don't see why it wasn't mentioned either.
1220	Lucazzy	2012-04-01	Loved it. Thought it was great. One thing I did notice is how they mixed around the Stannis story (Burning of the gods/Maester Cressen poisoned). Trying to poison Melisandre was actually the prologue, and the burning of the gods was Davos's first chapter.
Also, Jon didn't see Craster until about half into the book. This makes me think that either a few episodes will be spent at Crasters or Jon's S2 story will have a lot of book 3 in it.
Dany's scene pretty much mirrored what her first chapter was, but because she only has 5 chapters in book 2, I think they will probably have some of her book 3 story in here too.
The final scene with Cersei killing the bastards was great. I'm glad they gave this more attention in the show than in the books.
Overall great way to start season 2. Did not dissapoint me.
1221	Ran	2012-04-01	I find it weird that it's felt Baelish needs some sort of set up -- like a petty remark getting him beat up by Cersei (figuratively) -- to explain why he might betray the Lannisters. He's already revealed a propensity for betraying people if he believes he can profit by it in the long term. He never tied himself to the Lannisters.
I really do think it's out of character even for the TV character -- it's a good point that his speech in the brothel scene in Ep 1 kind of required him not to do exactly what he did there -- and the fact that he's a 40-something year old with 15+ years of time at court under his belt, it's weird to imagine that he has so little tolerance of more powerful people picking on him.
Eh. Didn't like the scene, anyways. Even just from a dialog angle -- it was flat for me, too obvious.
1222	CelticCail	2012-04-01	Cersei definitely had more than one bastard killed. Besides Barra there was the one at Casterly Rock.I know they were killed, but I don't recall their murdres in the book.  I believe it was "off-screen" but I could be wrong.
1223	Tsavong Lah	2012-04-01	I had a lot of the same issues as other people, but I realize that they are quite small and only matter because of how attached I am to the book. Taken in a vacuum, they are mostly fine.
Question though, who is the lord requesting masons from Winterfell? And then I didn't make out the name of the fat lord whom Maester Luwin called forth before it cut to the wolf dream.
1224	hurricaneez2	2012-04-01	The killing of the bastards was very well done. Great way to end what was very much a introductory episode.
1225	CelticCail	2012-04-01	I also found I'm liking Lena's Cersei more than I did in season 1.  She is much more animated and emotional than she appeared in Season 1 which is definitely how I pictured Cersei.I so agree!  I made this comment to my husband.  I was not a fan in Season 1 and I thought she did an excellent job in this episode.
1226	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	I know they were killed, but I don't recall their murdres in the book.  I believe it was "off-screen" but I could be wrong.It did happen off-screen, and not at one massive purge.  But it worked for the show.
1227	Independent George	2012-04-01	I like that the show adds scenes like Cersei vs. Littlefinger. The show would be boring if it followed the books exactly. I want to be surprised a little.For me, it's not a question of fidelity. I absolutely loved all the non-Ros additions to season 1 (the Robert/Cersei scene in particular was one of my favorites). The reason I disliked the Cersei/Littlefinger scene is that it's completely out of character for Littlefinger. He had that big speech in S1 talking about how 'fighting them was their game', and demonstrated that he was very well aware of his strengths and limitations. There is no advantage to giving away his game like that, and quite a big disadvantage. Littlefinger isn't stupid, and that was an amateur move.
1228	axels15	2012-04-01	Some things are better to put on screen than being left offscreen. This was one of those cases. 
Loved the episode, thought the pacing was a little jumpy, but necessary to reset the season. Can't wait to see more
1229	Laohu	2012-04-01	The Littlefinger-Cersei scene....
My immediate reaction was that Petyr is not as stupid as that to leave himself open and vulnerable, yet after thinking back on it, I like the idea of portraying him as a man who makes mistakes just like any other man, albeit far less. I will be honest, I cannot see Petyr slipping up at all in the books, but I am sure it is bound to happen before the last book, lol. Ultimately, I do not mind the scene as much as I thought I would.
1230	Nymphetamine	2012-04-01	Craster did not look at all like how I pictured him, he seemed too normal or something I'm not sure. Dragonstone and Stannis were both great imo even thought we saw very little of them, really liked the carved table. 
Dontos also didn't look like how I pictured him either.
1231	congokong	2012-04-01	My criticisms:I understand the 10 episode limit, but they feel the need to add plotlines (ex: Petyr Baelish)? Why do the writers feel they have to take it upon themselves to change the story?Where is Catelyn's family? Are they deciding to take out Edmure, Hoster, and Brynden Tully? Is that why Jaime is being dragged everywhere instead of being held at Riverun? I really fear for the 3rd season then...Is Stannis single? Not as important as Catelyn's family (so far in the books) but still. I was hoping to see the maester wear the jester hat.
1232	Hound's She-wolf	2012-04-01	I know they were killed, but I don't recall their murdres in the book.  I believe it was "off-screen" but I could be wrong.I thought they were off screen, too.
1233	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-01	I really wish they would've opened the same way Clash of Kings did -- on Dragonstone with Cressen. I realize the importance of quickly giving the audience a glimpse of familiar faces, but I thought the CoK prologue would've worked really well. Loved seeing Dragonstone in the opening credits, too. I anticipate the opening sequence as much as the show itself, feels like.
Also, Cressen came across as a shady and conniving douche rather than a sympathetic martyr. When he tried to kill Mel on the show, IMO, you almost felt relieved that he failed more than you felt sorry for him. I think more of an effort should've gone into expressing his hopelessness and how everyone turned away from him when he had once been so respected.
Craster looked better groomed than the Night's Watch. He's a WILDLING!
Also, they seemed to have changed that Stannis knew about the incest before Ned. I guess Stan got Ned's letter and it was the first time he heard the news? Don't know how I feel about that. Seems to undermine Stannis.
Also, hated the confrontation between Cersei and Littlefinger. Littlefinger is not so dumb as to brazenly show his cards to Cersei like that.
But, the positives! The CGI looks great! The direwolves really look like direwolves this season.
And Cersei/Tyrion were also great and my favorite parts of the episode.
Heh @ the tradition of ending each season's first episode with some violence against children.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 01 April 2012 - 09:20 PM.
1234	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	One thing that I was let down by was the Dontos scene, mainly because of Sophie Turner's acting.  I find her acting to be very unbelievable most of the time.  And that scene was exceptionally poorly acted, imo.
1235	Mya Stone	2012-04-01	Stephen Dillane made me grin with glee during the writing of the declaration. He nailed it, to me. (and it should go without saying that Peter Dinklage continues to be a revelation as Tyrion.)
1236	Monday	2012-04-01	I was very happy to see Dolerous Ed. He was great!
Totally agree thatLightbringrr being left on the beach was a Wtf moment.
Also, I agree with Ran that Maester Cressen's death didn't reasonate like it did in the book. It lost emotional impact in the translation.
1237	Trebla	2012-04-01	I find it weird that it's felt Baelish needs some sort of set up -- like a petty remark getting him beat up by Cersei (figuratively) -- to explain why he might betray the Lannisters. He's already revealed a propensity for betraying people if he believes he can profit by it in the long term. He never tied himself to the Lannisters.I really do think it's out of character even for the TV character -- it's a good point that his speech in the brothel scene in Ep 1 kind of required him not to do exactly what he did there -- and the fact that he's a 40-something year old with 15+ years of time at court under his belt, it's weird to imagine that he has so little tolerance of more powerful people picking on him.Eh. Didn't like the scene, anyways. Even just from a dialog angle -- it was flat for me, too obvious.Though LF has shown a habit of having these sort of one-upmanship with Varys on more than one occasion. He's quite aware that Varys has as much dirt on him than he has on the Spider. You could argue that it's just in his nature and he was trying to test Cersei since she's new to real power. Yeah...I probably don't buy all that either.Speaking of Cersei, I agree Lena Heady seems to be growing into the role. Her scene with Tyrion was very good and she showed the smaller expressions probably lacking in season 1.Peter Dinklage as usual gets the best lines, "You love your children. It's your one your one redeeming quality. That and your cheekbones" lol
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 01 April 2012 - 09:32 PM.
1238	Katydid	2012-04-01	My criticisms:I understand the 10 episode limit, but they feel the need to add plotlines (ex: Petyr Baelish)? Why do the writers feel they have to take it upon themselves to change the story?THIS.This is always the biggest problem I have with film adaptations, and I'll never, ever understand it.  The source material is right there in black & white.  Why be so arrogant or presumptious as to assume you can write something better, or that something needs to be changed, or "improved upon"?Screenwriters adding elements that have nothing to do with nothing, while ignoring other elements that fans of the books want to see, is maddening.  Oh, and, um, Messers Benioff and Weiss?Did we really need another pointless Whore Tryout Day? That scene was painful and pathetic. I actually face-palmed during it.
1239	Nymphetamine	2012-04-01	Also, Melisandre just didn't come off as creepy as I hoped/wanted.
1240	Jory	2012-04-01	I thought the Cressen poisoning was poorly done. He started foaming at the mouth before she even drank, and he just drank without even bothering offering it to her first. It's like, errr... what? Well, Mel is certainly creepy as hell.
1241	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-01	I find it weird that it's felt Baelish needs some sort of set up -- like a petty remark getting him beat up by Cersei (figuratively) -- to explain why he might betray the Lannisters. He's already revealed a propensity for betraying people if he believes he can profit by it in the long term. He never tied himself to the Lannisters.I really do think it's out of character even for the TV character -- it's a good point that his speech in the brothel scene in Ep 1 kind of required him not to do exactly what he did there -- and the fact that he's a 40-something year old with 15+ years of time at court under his belt, it's weird to imagine that he has so little tolerance of more powerful people picking on him.Eh. Didn't like the scene, anyways. Even just from a dialog angle -- it was flat for me, too obvious.I agree.  Littlefinger would never have done that- it was completely out of character.Other than that, I thought that the episode was great.  I was surprised that Craster was in episode one, but I thought that the scene was well done.
1242	axels15	2012-04-01	I was very happy to see Dolerous Ed. He was great!Totally agree thatLightbringrr being left on the beach was a Wtf moment.Also, I agree with Ran that Maester Cressen's death didn't reasonate like it did in the book. It lost emotional impact in the translation.I don't think it resonated emotionally cause that wasn't what the directors were going for. Rather than make us feel for a character that dies in the first scene, they use it to give us an idea of just how powerful and scary Melisandre is. I liked it better that way, myself
1243	ServantOnIce	2012-04-01	Last year the first episode was the epilogue this year they went straight to Tyrion marching into the city . .  what??? I understand folks are Peter D. happy but they could have done what they did last year. Have Stannis getting the letter from Lord Eddard, also Maester Cressen was strangled his air was cut off, he didn't bleed out like a stuck pig  .  . . 
The guy playing Davos is right on the money . . .
1244	hurricaneez2	2012-04-01	Great casting of Stannis and Melisandre. Both are exactly how I pictured them.
1245	Hound's She-wolf	2012-04-01	Screenwriters adding elements that have nothing to do with nothing, while ignoring other elements that fans of the books want to see, is maddening.  Oh, and, um, Messers Benioff and Weiss?Did we really need another pointless Whore Tryout Day?That scene was painful and pathetic. I actually face-palmed during it.Lol. Totally agree, and with Roz almost repeating LF's comments from the first tryout day verbatim. The scene lost some of the impact of Barra being murdered.
1246	Mack Kilimaro	2012-04-01	One thing that I was let down by was the Dontos scene, mainly because of Sophie Turner's acting.  I find her acting to be very unbelievable most of the time.  And that scene was exceptionally poorly acted, imo.Different strokes, I guess. I thought that scene came across great. Sansa is the caged bird singing the song. She says all the right things, the bare minimum and no more - see her parrot back the "Well struck" at Joffrey, unwilling to venture any more than that. If her voice sounds lifeless it's probably because she's being forced to watch a gruesome spectacle while sitting betrothed to the little shit who had her father's head lopped off.Yet for that she can still cleverly seize a moment, as she does with Ser Dontos, appealing to Joffrey's cruelty in order to save the life of Dontos, even if it is a life that will now be lived as a fool.
1247	Lady Octarina	2012-04-01	For me, it's not a question of fidelity. I absolutely loved all the non-Ros additions to season 1 (the Robert/Cersei scene in particular was one of my favorites). The reason I disliked the Cersei/Littlefinger scene is that it's completely out of character for Littlefinger. He had that big speech in S1 talking about how 'fighting them was their game', and demonstrated that he was very well aware of his strengths and limitations. There is no advantage to giving away his game like that, and quite a big disadvantage. Littlefinger isn't stupid, and that was an amateur move.Well, I didn't love that scene but I thought it was an interesting addition. It wasn't about Littlefinger, but Cersei. I mean, it seems to me that shows how ruthless Cersei can be, and impulsive (foolish, actually), something we only see much farther in the books. I also find it wonderful that they included that scene, plus her interaction with Joffrey on the same episode; like a non-acknowledged competition of senseless tyrants, which also shows just how much of her he has. Funny, it also takes him much longer in the books for him to actually defy her to her face (does that happen at all, actually?), but I guess it makes sense, considering they aged the character.
1248	Sonic The Hedgehog	2012-04-01	In regards to the clips for what's coming this season that was showed at the end of the episode, was that Renly and Margeary in the scene with a woman talking about her husband being king, and then the two of them kissing? If so, I'm curious how that'll be handled. It could just be a scene to emphasize Renly's homosexuality by him rejecting Margeary before sex, but I always assumed from the books that she knew about Renly's orientation.
But if he actually manages to play along with it somehow as his duty, then that'll have some pretty far reaching effects for Margeary's story in the later books, and her claim of being a virgin. The show might wind up giving us a definitive answer about that before the books even do.
1249	Jessica Bendis	2012-04-01	I really wish they would've opened the same way Clash of Kings did -- on Dragonstone with Cressen. I realize the importance of quickly giving the audience a glimpse of familiar faces, but I thought the CoK prologue would've worked really well. Loved seeing Dragonstone in the opening credits, too. I anticipate the opening sequence as much as the show itself, feels like.Also, Cressen came across as a shady and conniving douche rather than a sympathetic martyr. When he tried to kill Mel on the show, IMO, you almost felt relieved that he failed more than you felt sorry for him. I think more of an effort should've gone into expressing his hopelessness and how everyone turned away from him when he had once been so respected.(...)  Also, they seemed to have changed that Stannis knew about the incest before Ned. I guess Stan got Ned's letter and it was the first time he heard the news? Don't know how I feel about that. Seems to undermine Stannis.I don't know if it is because I really like Stannis and just wanted to see more of him, but I felt they wasted some time on Littlefinger's stupid scene when they could have used it to develop more the Dragonstone characters... When the episode started I was expecting to see the prologue of Clash, but that didn't happen, ok. And when the scene actually came it felt very rushed to me. I was very surprised when Cressen started to defy Melisandre while they were actually in the middle of burning the seven! But, okay, hopefully we will see more of them next week...
1250	Ran	2012-04-01	Axels15,
The prologue in the novel gives us emotional resonance to Cressen's death, it gives us a sense of how powerful and scary Melisandre is, and it provides some more sense of who Stannis is and why there are people who care for him and are so loyal.
I love Dillane's performance, but I should note that for non-readers he's going to be quite the cipher at least until episode 4, when we start to get more of him.
1251	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	Different strokes, I guess. I thought that scene came across great. Sansa is the caged bird singing the song. She says all the right things, the bare minimum and no more - see her parrot back the "Well struck" at Joffrey, unwilling to venture any more than that. If her voice sounds lifeless it's probably because she's being forced to watch a gruesome spectacle while sitting betrothed to the little shit who had her father's head lopped off.I will admit that when it is supposed to be obvious she is faking it, like with 'well struck' or her line about Ned, Robb and Catelyn being traitors, she pulls it off well.  But her "you cannnnn'tttt" was just dreadful.  Her scenes in the first season are littered with poor acting scenes like that from her, and I was hoping she had improved. I thought the scene was very flat until Tyrion arrived.
1252	Laohu	2012-04-01	I thought the Cressen poisoning was poorly done. He started foaming at the mouth before she even drank, and he just drank without even bothering offering it to her first. It's like, errr... what? Well, Mel is certainly creepy as hell.Well....... this is the way I envisioned it. She knew what was coming, and she wanted Cressen and everyone else in the room to know that she knew. It makes her much more intimidating and confident rather than a situation where she did not know what she was drinking but mysteriously survived the poison.
					
					
							Edited by Laohu, 01 April 2012 - 09:49 PM.
1253	congokong	2012-04-01	The Littlefinger-Cersei scene....My immediate reaction was that Petyr is not as stupid as that to leave himself open and vulnerable, yet after thinking back on it, I like the idea of portraying him as a man who makes mistakes just like any other man, albeit far less. I will be honest, I cannot see Petyr slipping up at all in the books, but I am sure it is bound to happen before the last book, lol. Ultimately, I do not mind the scene as much as I thought I would.It certainly surprised me, but that's because:1. It didn't happen in the books2. Petyr Baelish wouldn't be that stupidIn the first season he revealed his ambitions to two whores. I didn't like that either. It seems that Cersei/Petyr scene is the one most disapprove of from these boards. Petyr and Varys were the two "untouchable" characters in the books, and I wanted them to stay faithful to the books.
1254	hurricaneez2	2012-04-01	If Renly can turn down a naked Natalie Dormer he isnt gay....he's dead
1255	Hound's She-wolf	2012-04-01	So, I'm confused...who ordered the bastards to be killed? Joffrey or Cersei? Did I miss that?
1256	Addam of Hull	2012-04-01	So, I'm confused...who ordered the bastards to be killed? Joffrey or Cersei? Did I miss that?It was Joffrey.  He was asking about them in a prior scene, so it's gotta be him.
1257	The Greenseer	2012-04-01	Moving at a quick pace, seems to me that S2 is going to have a fair amount of ACOK in it. This may imply that they could wrap up all of the current books in 2 seasons. I hope I am wrong, talk me down. 7 books 7 seaasons right?
1258	Lady Octarina	2012-04-01	I was very happy to see Dolerous Ed. He was great!OMFG! That was him?! I kept trying to figured out who that was, how embarrassing! lolBut yeah, he was great. Obviously. ^.~I forgot to mention this before, but I'm still not convinced by Melisandre. She looks like Madonna O.oBut I do admit her first "for the night is dark and full of terrors" sent shivers down my spine O.OAnd yes, the need to show sexual scenes does get old after a while... The brothel scene was ridiculous, but I actually liked Ros better now than in season 1.Where is Catelyn's family? Are they deciding to take out Edmure, Hoster, and Brynden Tully? Is that why Jaime is being dragged everywhere instead of being held at Riverun? I really fear for the 3rd season then...Is Stannis single? Not as important as Catelyn's family (so far in the books) but still. I was hoping to see the maester wear the jester hat.Selyse was there - wasn't she the blond woman (or something - actually her hair was what we call in Portuguese "cor de burro quando foge", I think) who was standing far to his right, and then was the first to follow him back to the castle?About Riverrun and the Tullys, well... It would be great to have them this season, certainly, but are they really necessary? The budget will always be the problem here.
1259	Mya Stone	2012-04-01	It was Joffrey.  He was asking about them in a prior scene, so it's gotta be him.Or as someone else said, he publicly shamed Cersei in the throne room, so she acted out - power is power, after all.
1260	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	If Renly can turn down a naked Natalie Dormer he isnt gay....he's deadI doubt we'll ever know either way.  Simply because Margaery's purity is a question later on.  But we do know there are supposed to be "praying" scenes.
1261	BringerOfSnow	2012-04-01	What a terribly scattered episode. I won't sit here and nitpick particular scenes, but, as I felt throughout the entire first season, tonight's episode was seriously flawed and poorly acted.
Hope it doesn't continue to disappoint, but after an entire season of disappointment and disappointment after watching the premier of the second season, I only see it getting worse.
Greywind looked alright though, I'll give the show credit there.
1262	Triskan	2012-04-01	So is there supposed to be some growing sexual tension between Dany and her bloodrider?
I loved the Bran-as-Summer thing.  I thought Sansa saving Ser Dontos was done well.
Didn't love this episode overall, but I'm no less excited for the season. 
I haven't been loving Dillane as Stannis in the previews, but I liked tonight's scene where he both wanted "beloved" taken out of the letter for Robert but also insisted that "Ser" be included before Jaime's name even in a letter condemning him.  That is the Stannis we know (was that in the books?).
1263	Mya Stone	2012-04-01	I forgot to mention this before, but I'm still not convinced by Melisandre. She looks like Madonna O.oAbout Riverrun and the Tullys, well... It would be great to have them this season, certainly, but are they really necessary? The budget will always be the problem here.Melisandre looks like Juliet from LOST to Dub and I. I think maybe the Tullys were bumped back to next season. Perhaps at the end of the season they'll be mentioned, and then they'll be in Season 3. It's kind of mandatory that Edmure at least be there, if you know what I'm sayin. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1264	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-01	I caught Stannis motioning toward Selyse, and I had to chuckle at his facial expression. It was a nice nod to the fact that he is not at all enamored with his wife. And, yes, I forgot to mention how great it was to see Dolorous Edd!
1265	The Greenseer	2012-04-01	Can someone correct the record? I don't remember in the books who ordered Roberts bastards dead, or is this one if those unanswered GRMM questions?
					
					
							Edited by The Greenseer, 01 April 2012 - 09:56 PM.
1266	Mya Stone	2012-04-01	I haven't been loving Dillane as Stannis in the previews, but I liked tonight's scene where he both wanted "beloved" taken out of the letter for Robert but also insisted that "Ser" be included before Jaime's name even in a letter condemning him.  That is the Stannis we know (was that in the books?).Yeah, Frisky, that was pretty much verbatim. His delivery was EXACTLY how I read it.
1267	The Faceless Bard	2012-04-01	Loved Tyrion as always
They didn't feed enough backstory in my opinion to show the division among the religions in the Stannis camp, as that in itself feeds the creases sympath and the power of Mel 
The Craster to Walder Frey comparison seems true... I expected Craster to come off cruel and crazy... Not polished and sensible...
Overall happy it's back on, even If its a little off
1268	Laohu	2012-04-01	I have not seen this brought up yet - we got a little more San/San in this episode. I am looking forward to the show putting more emphasis on that relationship as the season continues.
1269	congokong	2012-04-01	About Riverrun and the Tullys, well... It would be great to have them this season, certainly, but are they really necessary? The budget will always be the problem here.Are they necessary? Hoster, no. Edmure, yes! Brynden, they could work without him.
1270	Bozworth	2012-04-01	Did you catch the quick shot of Rattleshirt in the preview?  I'm liking his look.
1271	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	Did you catch the quick shot of Rattleshirt in the preview?  I'm liking his look.Yeah, I thought his bone suit was fantastic.  Definitely the thing that excited me the most of the preview (which I thought was not as interesting as many of the other trailers we've seen before).
1272	Triskan	2012-04-01	Yeah, Frisky, that was pretty much verbatim. His delivery was EXACTLY how I read it.OK - Thanks.  No wonder "That is the Stannis we know" if it's straight from the books.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I have read ACOK twice, so I'm pissed I didn't remember that line.  I was thinking for a moment that they put that in, and I was like "That's a perfect addition." I was also not love CVH as Mel in the previews, but she was pretty good in this episode.  Cautiously optimistic.
1273	The Faceless Bard	2012-04-01	Can someone correct the record? I don't remember in the books who ordered Roberts bastards dead, or is this one if those unanswered GRMM questions?I thought I had remembered in the books CerseI ordering it as a result of the letters Stannis sent...
1274	sharkhawk	2012-04-01	The Craster to Walder Frey comparison seems true... I expected Craster to come off cruel and crazy... Not polished and sensible...Mentioning that his daughters are his wives isn't crazy enough?  Also, I never pictured him as a Walder Frey type, he was a little clean cut perhaps, but I always pictured him as pretty damn good warrior.  He did get some licks in on a lot of nights watchmen in DWD.
1275	Monday	2012-04-01	I totally agree that Craster was off. He could have used some greasy hair and bad teeth, yes, but more than that, he just wasn't creepy enough. He was more ominous and skin crawlingly squicky in the book imo.
1276	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	Are they necessary? Hoster, no. Edmure, yes! Brynden, they could work without him.I'm more worried about the fact that the Reeds never were cast.  The Tullys can easily fit in later on.  And Hoster has already been mentioned in Season 1 (although passingly) so it wouldn't be entirely strange to introduce them whenever.
1277	Tsavong Lah	2012-04-01	Did you catch the quick shot of Rattleshirt in the preview?  I'm liking his look.It was the standout moment for me as well. I then viewed it on my computer and paused to get a better look. I still like it, but the skull helmet is definitely the best part of the bone armor, but the rest didn't look as impressive when I got to look at it a bit longer.
1278	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-04-01	The part that bothered me most about the Littlefinger scene was his reaction to the guard grabbing him.  It was so...womanly.  Now, he isn't the most manly of men in stature, but from what I know of him, he is calm, cool, collected and DID challenge Brandon Stark to a dual, which shows some sort of bravery...or...something.  If he had been cool and calm with a knife at his throat and threatened Cersei from that position, something super conniving, that leads Cersei to call of the guards.  I dunno.  
I hated the Cressen scenes.  He wasn't feeble enough, there was nothing to make us feel for him,  I also don't like the casting of Mel, at all.
Craster needed to be nastier.
I am tired of the brothel try-outs.
1279	sharkhawk	2012-04-01	Yeah, I thought his bone suit was fantastic.  Definitely the thing that excited me the most of the preview (which I thought was not as interesting as many of the other trailers we've seen before).I loved Rattleshirt, also liked the battle scene teaser for the Blackwater.
1280	The Faceless Bard	2012-04-01	Did you catch the quick shot of Rattleshirt in the preview?  I'm liking his look.Reminded me of the bone knight from willow... Looked awesome
1281	Nathan Storm	2012-04-01	I would actually have preferred that they switch the Walder Frey actor with the Craster actor. Better all around IMO.
1282	HokieStone	2012-04-01	Regarding the "brothet tryouts" - I think the point of that scene was to establish that Ros is now "Chief Whore" or something like that.  She has obviously replaced Alaya(sp?) from the books.  Give Ros' popularity amongst this crowd, I doubt that makes it any better, heh...
1283	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-01	I loved this episode.  I was pretty happy with most everything but the scene with Ros.  I get that the creators love the actress but that scene was completely pointless.  Also the LF scene wasn't necessary and it kind of seemed like a waste of time. 
That said here are the things I loved:
Wolf Dreams and the scenes with Bran. 
Robb/Jaime scene with Greywind...so cool. 
Robb/Theon scene.  I'm glad that they showed that Theon went to the Iron Islands with the intention of helping Robb.
The killing of the bastards with the ending with Gendry and Arya.  Seriously though I was waiting for Arya the whole damn episode.
The scenes north of the wall.  Crasters Keep looks awesome.
I don't really get the complaints about the episode jumping around.  The world has expanded alot and the creators needed to establish some of the major players of the season.  I expected it.
1284	N. Baratheon	2012-04-01	Are they necessary? Hoster, no. Edmure, yes! Brynden, they could work without him.Blasphemy!  The awesomeness of the Blackfish must grace our television screens!Moving at a quick pace, seems to me that S2 is going to have a fair amount of ACOK in it. This may imply that they could wrap up all of the current books in 2 seasons. I hope I am wrong, talk me down. 7 books 7 seaasons right?I personally think they may choose to combine Books 4 and 5 into one season because of their parallel nature (Besides, who could go a season without Peter Dinklage?).
1285	Triskan	2012-04-01	Oh, man.  I'm doing a re-watch and Tyrion gives LF a great but subtle look when he sits down at the small council and says "...so much to be thankful for."  Nice.
					
					
							Edited by Triskele, 01 April 2012 - 10:10 PM.
1286	Katydid	2012-04-01	Regarding the "brothet tryouts" - I think the point of that scene was to establish that Ros is now "Chief Whore" or something like that.  She has obviously replaced Alaya(sp?) from the books.  Give Ros' popularity amongst this crowd, I doubt that makes it any better, heh...If HBO would smarten up and give them 22 episodes/season, then maybe I could stomach Ros.  As it is, though, she's a waste of screentime that could be given to actual canon characters, characters I want to see more of.  So no, I will never be a fan of hers, lol!
1287	congokong	2012-04-01	I'm more worried about the fact that the Reeds never were cast.  The Tullys can easily fit in later on.  And Hoster has already been mentioned in Season 1 (although passingly) so it wouldn't be entirely strange to introduce them whenever.I'm even more worried about Ramsay not being cast as far as I know. I've been telling people for a while that I'm concerned that they haven't cast him or the Reed children. Edmure has been delayed long enough that him showing up next season will just look weird.
1288	Bozworth	2012-04-01	Regarding the "brothet tryouts" - I think the point of that scene was to establish that Ros is now "Chief Whore" or something like that.  She has obviously replaced Alaya(sp?) from the books.  Give Ros' popularity amongst this crowd, I doubt that makes it any better, heh...I forget which one is Alaya(?) and which is Chitaya(?), but I think Ros is taking on the role of the matron, and the one she was showing around at the beginning of the scene will take on the role of her daughter.Was this the first scene Ros has appeared in where she kept her clothes on?
1289	HokieStone	2012-04-01	8. I'm watched in a hotel room in Philadelphia, so this was the first time I've watched anything non-HD in ages. It still looked pretty good.The wide shots of Dany & crew in the waste, and the snowy mountains north of the wall looked absolutely breathtaking in HD.  I splurged last Black Friday and bought a 70" tv - I was loving it tonight.But I'm sure Philly is nice /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1290	Bozworth	2012-04-01	Who was that seeking council from Bran and Luwin re: reparations to his holdfast's walls?  He mentioned Torrhen's Square, but I didn't catch any indication he was from there.
1291	congokong	2012-04-01	Blasphemy!  The awesomeness of the Blackfish must grace our television screens!I personally think they may choose to combine Books 4 and 5 into one season because of their parallel nature (Besides, who could go a season without Peter Dinklage?).lol I love the Blackfish too, but the only workaround really needed for him would be the fourth book (so far).From what I've heard book 3 will be put into two seasons because it's so large. Book 5 is even larger, so books 4 and 5 will likely compose 3 seasons.
1292	Tsavong Lah	2012-04-01	Who was that seeking council from Bran and Luwin re: reparations to his holdfast's walls?  He mentioned Torrhen's Square, but I didn't catch any indication he was from there.I asked this as well earlier in the thread. I also didn't catch the name of the fat lord Luwin called forth before it cut to the wolf dream. He is definitely not from Torrhen's Square from the way he phrased his statement about it. Could he perhaps have been Mors or Hother Umber?
1293	Dru	2012-04-01	Thought it was a great way to kick off the season. I put my book knowledge aside when I watch and it's much more enjoyable and was easy to follow for my nonbook reading wife. Didn't have to fill her in once. She loved it. Grey Wind did it for me and the ending with the bastards was great. Also like Bron's cheek when Tyrion says the Hound doesn't like him. "Can't imagine why?" lol
1294	Cat from The Canals	2012-04-01	Cersei definitely had more than one bastard killed. Besides Barra there was the one at Casterly Rock.It was a good choice to have Janos Slynt do the deed himself. Viewers may not remember him betraying Ned but they will definitely remember this.I cant wait to see Jon cleve his head off...i wonder how many seasons away that is.
1295	Triskan	2012-04-01	I cant wait to see Jon cleve his head off...i wonder how many seasons away that is.And people say that ADWD was a disappointment.  Snow taking Slynt's head was all I needed.
1296	HokieStone	2012-04-01	I forget which one is Alaya(?) and which is Chitaya(?), but I think Ros is taking on the role of the matron, and the one she was showing around at the beginning of the scene will take on the role of her daughter.I went and looked it up - Chataya is the brothel owner - I think that's who Ros is taking the place of.  Alayaya is her daughter in the books.And...was it just me, or did Ser Dontos' armor look a little Captain America-ish?
1297	Monday	2012-04-01	I forget which one is Alaya(?) and which is Chitaya(?), but I think Ros is taking on the role of the matron, and the one she was showing around at the beginning of the scene will take on the role of her daughter.Was this the first scene Ros has appeared in where she kept her clothes on?Maybe she'll replace Alayaya and Chataya. Maybe they are setting it up so we get to know her and care when she's scourged.
					
					
							Edited by Monday, 01 April 2012 - 10:23 PM.
1298	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	I know I may be thinking ahead too much, but HBO quickly renewed GoT last year just after a few days.  Should we expect the same?
1299	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-01	I will admit that when it is supposed to be obvious she is faking it, like with 'well struck' or her line about Ned, Robb and Catelyn being traitors, she pulls it off well.  But her "you cannnnn'tttt" was just dreadful.  Her scenes in the first season are littered with poor acting scenes like that from her, and I was hoping she had improved. I thought the scene was very flat until Tyrion arrived.I don't blame Sansa for that.  This scene seemed forced because of revisions the producers made.  Making Ser Dontos to be about the same weight and age as Sam Tarly -instead of middle-aged with skinny legs- and taking out his desperate, drunken attempt to mount a horse, made the scene feel forced instead of a smooth build-up, stoking Joffrey's wrath.
1300	James Arryn	2012-04-01	Robert Pugh as Craster was the unexpectedly stand-out among the new characters, imo.
(Not a comment on him; great character actor...just not a new character I gave much thought to, and he rocked it.)
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 01 April 2012 - 10:32 PM.
1301	Sonic The Hedgehog	2012-04-01	I know I may be thinking ahead too much, but HBO quickly renewed GoT last year just after a few days.  Should we expect the same?If the ratings stay good I don't see why not. I think the show is pretty much guaranteed to go to a 3rd season. I don't know about beyond that though. It gets a bit tricky for the writers on how to handle the longest book in the series so far. And even more so if they get to books 4 and 5 and having to piece the chapters together in chronological order.
1302	turdle	2012-04-01	am i the only one who loved davos?
1303	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-01	I thought I had remembered in the books CerseI ordering it as a result of the letters Stannis sent...Tyrion knew Janos was Cersi's catspaw, but couldn't prove it, so he sent Slynt and 6 others from the Gold Cloaks to the Wall for it.
1304	turdle	2012-04-01	I have not seen this brought up yet - we got a little more San/San in this episode. I am looking forward to the show putting more emphasis on that relationship as the season continues.i don't know, i feel like they're going to basically skip sansa and the hound based on the fact that they almost totally skipped over them in season 1, and yet gave renly and theon so much screen time.
1305	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-01	I'm of two minds on the 1st episode.  It didn't have the same feel as the book and some things were omitted.  When they have to get the whole book into 10 episodes, it isn't surprising..  The reason I'm of two minds, is that despite those things, I thoroughly enjoyed it.   When I was at the same place in the book, I didn't think Mellisandre was scary, just evil.  Craster was a bit more "civilized" than in the book.  Killing Robert's bastards was done quite well.
I'm going to watch it again. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1306	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	Watching the Littlefinger/Cersei scene again, I don't see where the gripe is really.  While Littlefinger's line may have been out of character, the scene was to show us more about Cersei than Littlefinger.  It shows that she values power and is emotional and rash.  Book!Cersei would have slapped Littlefinger senseless for suggesting anything like that, but this over reaction of Cersei makes up for her lack of emotion in the first season, and I appreciate it.
1307	Triskan	2012-04-01	Watching the Littlefinger/Cersei scene again, I don't see where the gripe is really.  While Littlefinger's line may have been out of character, the scene was to show us more about Cersei than Littlefinger.  It shows that she values power and is emotional and rash.  Book!Cersei would have slapped Littlefinger senseless for suggesting anything like that, but this over reaction of Cersei makes up for her lack of emotion in the first season, and I appreciate it.Agreed.  It mostly just forwarded latter Cersei into an earlier stage in the story.  LF can still be LF.
1308	Bozworth	2012-04-01	i don't know, i feel like they're going to basically skip sansa and the hound based on the fact that they almost totally skipped over them in season 1, and yet gave renly and theon so much screen time.Yeah, I think they're already too far past a couple of key scenes if they were wanting to set up the San/San thing.  I don't think it's that huge a deal though.  It basically just culminated in him showing up drunk in her bedroom near the end of the Battle of Blackwater, no?By the way...  Book-wise, I know the what-we-actually-know about Sandor is that he died on the side of the road.  Wasn't there some allusion to him being on the monk island where Brienne, et al., visited in aFfC?
1309	James Arryn	2012-04-01	New Characters-
Davos-too early to tell.
Stannis-good, not great, not much to go on yet.
Mel-due to constriction I know, but taking out her compassion/trying to dissuade Cressen really lessens her.One intersting thing is that the actress looked a different age every minute..sometimes very young, sometimes middle aged, etc. Dunno if that s intentional or just lucky.
New Direwolf-Definite improvement. I expected letdown when it entered Jaime's cage; was pleasantly surprised.
Craster: As I mentioned above, hi performance stood out to me. Especially as the setting was so distracted/ing, he managed to be petty,vulgar, intimidating, crude conniving and brutal all in a brief glimpse.
1310	Sonic The Hedgehog	2012-04-01	By the way...  Book-wise, I know the what-we-actually-know about Sandor is that he died on the side of the road.  Wasn't there some allusion to him being on the monk island where Brienne, et al., visited in aFfC?Yup, a description fitting Clegane's horse is used to describe a horse that the monks (?) are dealing with. And the description of the grave digger also fits for Clegane. I believe the guy Brienne speaks to is also careful to only say "The Hound is dead," as in that persona is gone because Clegane is now becoming a good person.
1311	turdle	2012-04-01	Yeah, I think they're already too far past a couple of key scenes if they were wanting to set up the San/San thing.  I don't think it's that huge a deal though.  It basically just culminated in him showing up drunk in her bedroom near the end of the Battle of Blackwater, no?yes, but the build up to that point makes that scene very interesting in the books imo.  that's one of the things that i fear most about the series, is that they're going to skip too many of the story lines that aren't 100% crucial to the main story. so much of what makes the books so great is that you never know which threads are going to lead you to key events and which threads are not.
1312	Ravenhair	2012-04-01	Things that bothered me:
1.  Cersei/Petyr scene--no way would Petyr ever be that stupid
2.  Craster was too clean and clean-shaven; Craster's Keep not nearly as chaotic with animals and women everywhere as it should have been, and it didn't look that dirty
3.  What was with Craster being focused on just Jon staying away from his wives?  Are they leading up to Jon saving Gilly, rather than Sam? 
4.  Cersei smacking Joffrey, and his confronting her about the incest 
5.  The Robb/Jaime scene--the only cool thing here was Grey Wind, and I wish they had not had Catelyn And Jaime have their confrontation last season, but had stuck more to the original confrontation occurring at the end of ACoK, which was a very powerful scene, IMO. 
6.  The Maester Cressen/ Melisandre poison scene--details all wrong.  Cressen does not seem old, feeble, or sympathetic, and Melisandre was not disturbing enough.  
7.  Are we now to expect a tangential love story between Dany and Rakharo?  Why add another pointless story line, when there are so many good ones to choose from? 
8.  Ros is now Alayaya,  WTF?  
9.  Janos Slynt, as opposed to Allar Deem, kills the baby.  It would have been easy to have Janos order him to do it and be present at the time.  
10.  Alon Lannister-- why not just stick with Ser Cleos?  We really needed to have yet another non-book character added?!!! 
Positive notes:  
1.  Jack Gleeson owned the episode.  He will make us all hate Joffrey more than before.  He did a fantastic job.  
2.  Richard Madden did well showing he was coming into his own as a leader.
1313	Sonic The Hedgehog	2012-04-01	Double
					
					
							Edited by Sonic The Hedgehog, 01 April 2012 - 11:04 PM.
1314	Rockroi	2012-04-01	So a few commnets on a strong start to Clash of Kings:Here is what I liked1. Tyrion Lannister: Hand of the KingTyrion is the moral center of Clash of Kings and Clash is Tyrion's greatest triumph (Everyone shits on him in Storm; he's abscent in Feast; uitterly forgettable in Dance).  Tyrion plays the game, neuters Cersei, immunizes the kingdom from Joff, saves a realm, rules a kingdom and defeats Stannis.  The start of this episode has to make you believe that that Tyrion is growing into the end.  THis episode was a phenominal start: tremendous writing as Tyrion shows equal parts politician, power broker, military strategist and jester (... and high cheek bones...).  Dinklage is tremendou, and his interplay with Joff and especially Cersei was very well done.  Its good to see that the Tyrion we last saw with Tywin is the same Tyrion who will now be "the man."  I like characters that pick up right wheer we left them.2. Robb Stark: Rebel KingI thought that Robb's overall character was equal parts rebel and equal parts King; he's a very layered character and its starting to show here in the build up over Ned's death.  Martin has staed that the closest thing he has come to a regret in the series is not giving Robb a POV.  The series has done that.  You see that Robb is balancing several different motivations- he wants to do right by the North; he wants to lead a Kingdom, but he also wants venegence.  I thought his scenes with Cat were very good; the actor playing Robb swings between hard-line King to deeply wounded son.  I like that Robb admits that his peace terms to Tyrion are designed to be rejected. and that he wants to treat with Renly because he knows he cannot march on King's Landing.  Another really good rise of an otherwise muted character in the books. 3. Stannis Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the Roynar... Stannis' chapters look like they need to build.  Stannis is being portrayed in the same ebb and flow as the books- a prickly and proud monster who means what he says and says what he means.  And would make any man wonder how ANYONE could love this man.  He's the newest thing on our plate so the show will introduce him slowly.  NOt sure how I feel that the undercurrent of Stannis is that he COULD be in Mel's thrawl.  Well see. 4. Jaime Lannister: an Enemy Worth Keeping.  I don't quite know what they will do with Jaime but I like that Jaime still demands our attention.  I like that he mocks Robb and that Robb can play back.  And FINALLY: A CGI Direwolf!  Was that so hard?5. Craster: LIked it. I think they captured Craster is father, husband, ruler, monster.  And I really liked that in just a few glimpses he and Mormont were able to convey that they have a deep and tense past.  Strong stuff. 6. Maester Lewin + Bran:I like intelligence and kindness together in one place and I get that in Lewin.  Lewin is ultra practical and wise and gives Bran the understanding he deserves.  With Bran I find humanity.  I love that Bran insists at looking at his reflection to remind himself he's a boy. 7 Cerse and Joff: BabykillersI think that Joff's power-hunger is well on its way to burning out of control and with great reason: the spoiled child without boundries will now be the out of control ruler without boundries.  His desire to kill Robert's bastards is the actions of a monster.  Cersei seems not only powerless to stop him, but is compelled to assist.  And I like that their own men don't love this. On the Fence 1. Hey look- Roz: Yeah... ah... we ... we get it ... she's ... still here.  In many ways, Roz is fine but also overexposed and seems to be in too much.  She's the new "Much and More"; the same way "Much and More" was used ADMOSIUM iin Dance, Roz is suddely everywhere in the series.  It kinda makes sense that she's here, but we feel we are hearing more of her than we really should. 2. Shea:Oh... so they didn't wise up and fx this?  Is it season 4 yet? 3. DannyWe promise that very soon we will have something for you to do.  Or burn.  Until then how about another scene with you and Irri? 4. We swear it was the only breast plate around:Either Evel KIneval was a house in Westeros or Ser Dontos' house colors bear a striking resemblance to the US Flag.  It wasn't good or bad, just ... interesting. Like George W Bush's head alongside Septa Mordane's and Ned's in the last episode. What I did not like:1. In Case You Forgot....So, everytime somebody mentions Robb's name the guys around him have to repeat, "The King in the North."  Really?  THat doesn't seem the slightest bit ... lame?  I mean, if he is shagging some farmer's daughter out there and she yells out, "Oh Robb..." do the guards outside his door start saying, "The King in the North"? Overall a very dense and fulfilling episode that did much of what it needed to do, but not a whole lot more.
1315	NW Deserter	2012-04-01	Wow...wow! For me, it lived up to all the anticipation since season 1 ended. Acting was flawless from every character, old and new.Some highlights for me:GREY WIND. Holy shit. So awesome.Bran's wolf dream was very well done, looking forward to that more.Robb will definitely be a new fan-favorite, up there with Tyrion and how Ned was regarded last year. Madden is selling his character extremely well.Tyrion/Cersei was everything I pictured from the books. Great exchanges there.The Hound fighting! Fun to watch!Dany and Jorah have a bit of chemistry going early on. Curious to see how they handle that whole "relationship".Theon's betrayal is being set up well so far, he still seems like he's really for Robb at this point.Stannis, Mel, and Davos are all perfect. I've seen some complaints of CVH seeming flat in her delivery, but I think it goes well with her character. And even though I didn't connect emotionally with TV-Cressen, I don't think that was much of a loss. It still showed Mel's power in a good way. Nice touch with the flashing ruby, too.Lena Headey is a lot better this season already, and is it just me or does she look hotter too? A lot more like Cersei than she was before IMO.Jack Gleeson deserves a nod as well for continuing to be such a vile little shit. Love that kid.Dinklage continues to steal the show with his portrayal of Tyrion, I love when he's on-screen.I think Sophie did remarkably well as Sansa. She's supposed to sound very wooden at this stage, and normally that can be seen as bad acting but in this case it fits Sansa's situation.Craster did seem a bit too fat and clean, but his personality and the Keep as a whole was spot-on. It felt dirty, cramped, and icky. I'm assuming the wife of his that talked was Gilly? If so, excellent casting for that part.DOLOROUS EDD! WOOOOO!Glad that they talked about the comet and used it as sort of a central piece which everything is revolving around.As a long-time book fan before the show, I must say, I've grown somewhat fond of Ros despite her being not in the books at all. She was annoying at first but I feel like they've found a place for her now as the "matron" of LF's whorehouse. It works for the character.I didn't terribly mind the LF/Cersei scene like some of you did, it showed more about Cersei than LF which was the goal I think.And finally...the ending was PERFECT! I'm glad HBO isn't pulling any punches on some of the more gruesome stuff that the book describes. Some might call it "shock value", but it's a pretty important piece of story and characterization (for several characters). And the transition to Gendry, and then to Arya, was a great tease, since we all want more Arya.I WANT NEXT WEEK HERE NOW!!!
1316	Blaer Dayle	2012-04-01	My only complaints:
1. Littlefinger knows how the game is played, and in fact can play Cersei from as far away as the Vale, he would not be as foolish as he was here
2. We already hate Joffrey, you don't need to make it so that he ordered the killing of babies, leave that to Cersei, who will eventually be a bigger villain anyway
3. Not enough explanation on Dragonstone, at least 1 more scene would have been enough
4. Craster is less creepy than most of us imagined it seems, but his keep is much like I imagined it
5. Shea is in the Tower of the Hand, and nobody questions that?
I can't decide whether I even care about Roz and her role in the episode, so I`ll reserve judgement for later
Other than that I was quite pleased.
1317	congokong	2012-04-01	Did I misunderstand this or did Tyrion say Shae had to remain unseen, and it turns out she was in the tower of the hand?!
Did Dany's Silver die in the books. I'm pretty sure, no.
1318	Lord Godric	2012-04-01	It can't be over stated how amazing Peter Dinklage is. His small council scene with Cersei was perfectly portrayed. I laughed at the "and you cheekbones" comment and genuinely believed his frustration that they has three Starks and now have one. He owns his scenes and deserves that top billing. 
On a different note: and I'm surprised no one has said it yet but no Rickon, really? When he disappears for three seasons and reappears no one will remember who this obscure boy was.
1319	The Faceless Bard	2012-04-01	"My brother didn't know anything about anything"
Atta girl Dany
1320	lostinwesteros	2012-04-01	That scene between Cercei and Littlefinger was really shocking - I didn't think there was ever any conflict like that between them.  I did love that after she'd done that to LF, she walked right into a confrontation with Joffrey and was pretty 'roughed up', so to speak, herself.  Looks like they'll show Cercei starting to unravel pretty early on.
Loved Robb's conversation with Jaime and LOVED Grey Wind.  I know they're computer-animated for TV, but gosh, it's good to see those huge animals and know they're dedicated to protecting the Stark kids.  I think Ghost just wasn't allowed inside Craster's Keep.
Why did Craster keep focusing on Jon as a "pretty boy"?  And Craster was too well groomed.  Was that Gilly that he asked to tell the NW how happy she was there?  
I didn't realize we were given a brief glimpse of Rattleshirt - I'll have to replay that.
So sad to see Silver bite the dust.  I love the casting of Dany's 'tribe', especially her blood riders.  And I wanted to yell out, char the meat, char the meat!
Wondered how they would treat the beginning of warging.  I thought they did a good job.  
I love Osha.
They're really showing Theon as a devious sycophant right from the start.
1321	PhoenixFlame	2012-04-02	*bawls* My HBO Go account (technically my mom's, I'm in college) won't work right. It's Comcast screwing up but this sucks. This was totally supposed to be the highlight of my weekend!
1322	Davos' Middle Finger	2012-04-02	I see some of the problems that have been pointed out by people about the Cersei/LF scene, but Headey's performance sold it.  She was great the entire episode really.
1323	Gertrude	2012-04-02	And...was it just me, or did Ser Dontos' armor look a little Captain America-ish?Well, you'll have to blame that one on George.eta: and now that I looked it up on the heraldry page, the stripes are different, so maybe not. Um, yeah. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
					
					
							Edited by Gertrude, 02 April 2012 - 12:41 AM.
1324	Jory	2012-04-02	am i the only one who loved davos?No, Liam did amazing. I wasn't nearly as happy with the Dragonstone segment as a whole, but the individual pieces were all there for that to have been an awesome pair of scenes. Maester Cressen was a total disappointment, a lifeless shell. His poisoning attempt was seriously so see-through that Mel didn't even need to have seen it in her flames.I really really really really really hope they don't fuck Stannis up as a character. They can fuck anything else up that they want to, but if they make Stannis into "the bad guy"...
1325	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-02	Overall, a very solid episode and a good start to the season. I have some quibbles and nitpicks, but considering all that the show not only had to rehash from last year--Ned's death, who's king, Robert's brothers, etc.--but introduce new stuff like Stannis, Davos, Melisandre, I thought they did a good job of making everything known. Stuff I likedDinklage is still awesome as Tyrion, and his small council entrance and talk with Cersei was great. They left out my one of my favoirte exchanges--slap, slap, slap--but it might show up later I hope. Thought Robb was very strong in the episode, and I really enjoyed his scenes with Catelyn, Jaime, Theon, and Alton (Cleos) Lannister. Grey Wind looked great too.Dilane is great as Stannis, and I think both Davos and Melisandre look good as well. Thought they did a good job with the killing of the bastards, even if it did feel sort of like a manufactured cliffhanger.Craster is suitably nasty and creepy, and that whole sequence was very well done.Things that felt rushedMaester Cressen. Didn't really have any sort of backstory or apparent motivation aside from liking the Seven. Really, I think his story would have worked as a prologue or perhaps even his poisoning as the end of the episode, but it seemed to happen too quickly. Plus, it seemed weird that he drank first, especially since he started bleeding before Melisandre even drank. But ultimately, they got the point across about Melisandre's mysterious powers well enough.NitpicksLittlefinger Cersei scene was rather odd. Littlefinger is very arrogant and Cersei had just basically insulted him, but it still seemed brash for him to tell her that story, considering how calculating he's supposed to be.Robb knowing about Joffrey, Jaime, and Cersei already. At least in the books, I always felt if RObb knew this off the bat, he would have joined with Stannis as the rightful heir and have up the king in the North.Not enough Arya.Not to compare Game of Thrones and the WIre, but when Ros was basically echoing Littlefinger's lesson from last year in that infamous scene, I thought of the end of season one of the Wire when Poot is giving the same speech that D'angelo gave in the premiere about dealing drugs so the cops don't see.
1326	Jory	2012-04-02	Mel-due to constriction I know, but taking out her compassion/trying to dissuade Cressen really lessens her.One intersting thing is that the actress looked a different age every minute..sometimes very young, sometimes middle aged, etc. Dunno if that s intentional or just lucky.I never saw this, but agreed. Mel is a piece of work, but she does have redeeming qualities. It's so weird how the show that went out of its way to make Cersei so whitewashed isn't even willing to give Mel a break.
1327	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-02	;I can't believe how many of you didn't like the awesome Cersei vs. Littlefinger scene. First, it's definitely NOT about Littlefinger and all about showing how clumsy Cersei is at playing the game. She finally has a little bit of Regency power and she is all to quick to wield it. She knows she can't really exercise it over her asshole son so she takes it out on Baelish. Yes, Book!Littlefinger would never show his cards like that but I like that the producers added a little chink in Show!Littlefinger's armor. His weak spot is Catelyn. Good to know. It also connects the dots for the audience more on why he's going to turn against the Lannisters later on. We as book readers know what he is, but the show audience needs more motive. 
I also like how more tempestuous Cersei is this season. Feels much more like the book character to me. She is impulsive and slap happy. Lena is fully invested in this wonderfully wicked character now and it shows.
1328	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-02	Everyone seems to know about the incest at this point.
That being considered I really don't think the Littlefinger scene is as bad and out of character as it has been made out to be.
He was just being the smartass. If it was still as hush-hush as it was last season he would never had dared but now that it isn't useful knowledge anymore it could be dispensed, perhaps to test limits.
The show was pretty awesome, anyways I'd just be repeating what I mentioned in the rate the show thread.  In all honesty things are a bit redundant in this forum as all three topics are basically the same, two are anything goes but one has a poll and the third is the same yet safer for those who haven't read the other books I suppose.
					
					
							Edited by The Bastard of Bolton, 02 April 2012 - 12:51 AM.
1329	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2012-04-02	Craster did not look at all like how I pictured him, he seemed too normal or something I'm not sure. Dragonstone and Stannis were both great imo even thought we saw very little of them, really liked the carved table.This is how I pictured Craster when I read the book:[img]http://monty-python-..._and_guards.png[/img]Yes.  The king of Swamp castle.
1330	Vikingkingq	2012-04-02	Some thoughts:
1. Craster may have been well groomed, but the way he said "my wives" was creepy as all hell. Her response about dying free rather than living as slaves was wonderfully undercut by her Patty Hearst-like delivery.
2. I thought the wolves were amazing; Grey Wind really felt like a horror movie monster, something whose tactile presence, the sound, the movement, the sight was terrifying all by itself.
3. Putting the purge of the bastards on Joffrey's shoulders was really chilling. From zero to Caligula in...how long has it been since Episode 10 in real world terms? A couple weeks.
4. I actually thought the Littlefinger/Cersei thing worked really well; people say that Littlefinger is too smart for that, but this is a man who built a criminal conspiracy on an easily verifiable lie - he's a gambler, and one who can't help lording himself over people he thinks he's smarter than (remember that he thought he had Varys' balls in his hand). And it made Cersei, who otherwise was really less threatening due to the shifting of murders onto Joffrey's shoulders, really quite unpredictable and scary. The thing that got me was the take three paces, turn around, close your eyes - the Lannister men were like Imperial Stormtroopers, totally without independent thought. It also made Janos Slynt's invasion of his brothel have more of an impact; Cersei's made a public move against him, so now he's got motivation.
5. I like the fact that Ned's letter made it to Sannis, and then from Stannis to Rob (which at least shows that however much he talks about Robb being a thief, he's not stupid).
6. Greywolf2375 - I actually thought they made Robb out to be more mature and worldly than he was in the book. Giving peace terms he knew would be refused, making a deal with Renly despite knowing about Stannis' claims, his speech about his bannermen not being trusted with Jaime's life - this is a Robb who understands some politics.
7. They're really building up Slynt as a total bastard. Can't wait for his two comeuppances.
1331	Zuluhed	2012-04-02	I Loved it.. will agree with most people, Cressen scene was the only dissapointing part for me.. i pictured dontos as skinny dirty drunk dude.. I thinking Irri is one of the hottest, love to see a sexposition of dany and her  lol..
					
					
							Edited by Zuluhed, 02 April 2012 - 01:07 AM.
1332	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-04-02	I liked this much better than any single episode in season 1, flowed much better.
1333	salt	2012-04-02	This was pretty great.  Yes, the Littlefinger scene was a bit out of character, but it didn't just come out of no where- Cersei taunted him with Cat, one of the few things which seems to really bother Petyr to the core...in fact, you could argue that his experience with Catelyn was what created Littlefinger as we know him and drives everything he does.  Overall a great episode, cant wait to see more of Stannis, I just really hope they don't ignore the fact that despite listening to Melisandre, he isn't truly a follower of R'hllor.  Turn Stannis Baratheon into a religious zealot and the character becomes much less interesting.
1334	Vikingkingq	2012-04-02	Sonic the Hedgehog - in regards to Renly's sexuality, I remember in the "Love Makes You Weak" promo, they showed Renly messing around with Loras on his wedding night, then Loras sending him off to Margaery. My guess is that they're going to have a very complicated relationship, where Loras gets Renly revved up enough so that he can close his eyes and think of Westeros until he sires an heir.
Stannis' letter scene was absolutely perfect. I loved that they kept the beloved thing and the kingslayer and knight bit in, showed his absolute attention to truth in an episode all about truth and power.
Ran - do you really think it was possible for Cressen's death to have that much emotional resonance, given that he's a brand-new character who's going to die quickly? We don't have voiceover to give us his interiority, and we don't have time to see him wander up and down Dragonstone to see his character develop. Personally, the Dragonstone scenes gave me real chills. Stannis' face was especially good, just an epic permafrown.
Dolorous Edd was really good. Not just funny, but also showed some character in his rather pragmatic evaluation of Craster.
HokieStone - Ros for Alaya makes a huge amount of sense. Really hadn't thought of that.
Tsavong Lah - unlikely to be an Umber, I think it's more likely that he's a Glover or a Tallhart.
turdle - hell, no. I loved Davos, the complicated mixture between loyalty and truth in his face the whole time.
1335	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-02	There is no doubt in my mind the show has gotten better. For one thing the actors are much more comfortable in their roles compared to last year.  Cersei was better in this episode than any episode I from last season, so is Robb.
1336	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-02	This was a little disappointing. Tyrion was much better in the book, I expected him to be much better in the episode than he was although his part in the episode was enjoyable it could have been quite better, Cressen story wasn't as good as it should have been, in general Staninis related scenes could have been better in my view and we should have gotten a stronger sense of who Stannis is as we did in the prologue.. I expected Craster toolook and be creepier than he was.  On the positive side I really love the focus on Robb in the show, best part of the episode. I also like how the show has Cersei be somewhat intimidating but LF does not act like that, his reaction was dumb. As for other things I liked, the killing of the bastards was a rather good way to end the episode.
Good, enjoyable episode but I feel a little disappointed, I expected it to be better
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 02 April 2012 - 02:35 AM.
1337	Sound_of_winter	2012-04-02	Was Gendry the same actor from last season? He's gotten hotter /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1338	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-02	I loved the rob and Jaime scene. Hopefully we get more Jaime t hen we did in ACOK.
1339	teemo	2012-04-02	I was a little disappointed /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I expect it to pick up in the next episode, but I hated Craster's looks, still think that Lana Headey doesn't understand Cersei, HATED HATED the Littlefinger scene (POWER IS POWER OMGZ), definitely was disappointed with no Arya yet, the scene with Cersei/Joff was weird.  Was their any reference to Joff ever talking to his mom like that?  I guess it's fair game, since we had neither POV in the first three books.  The scene with Cressen/Meli was...meh.  Meli is supposed to drink first, and I don't like the actress that plays Meli.  She LOOKS perfect for the part, but I don't think she's a very good actress for her.  A lot of the wit that was contributed to Stannis during discussion was given to Davos.  Book Stannis was a lot more like, "and is this Lord of Light going to bring me ships and soldiers?"  He also got burned with Lightbringer and cursed and hit it on the ground in the book, which could have been kind of funny.  No Selyse/Shireen/Patchface, which I knew, but felt odd.  Craster is WAY too good-looking and clean-cut (not like really good-looking, but much more so than I ever imagined).  I think it's funny.  I'm 21% of my way through my re-read of ACOK and they haven't even visited Craster's yet.  Dany's scene was short, thankfully.  Nitpick alert: she should look a lot more anorexic looking than she does, and Viserys is actually who helped her remember what to feed the dragons.  The Hound didn't fight on Joff's name day since they were all gnats.  Would have been hilarious if Dontos was actually naked, or at least half-naked.  Hodor doesn't say Hodor enough (at all, actually).  Pissed that Tyrion didn't get slapped three times.  That would have been awesome, and that scene could have been way more devious.  The good?  Sansa was great at her part and so was Tyrion.  Loved Stannis and Davos, they are exactly how I pictured.  Bran's dreams are getting interesting and I'm glad the direwolves are finally starting to play a meaningful role.  Love the Dragonstone on the map addition.  I liked how they killed Barra's bastard on-screen (why didn't they show killing Barra?) and then tied in Gendry - it really made the audience know who Gendry really is.  Long ago when I read the books, I was confused.  However, it seems like some people are confused whether Joff or Cersei ordered it on the show.  A lot of people were right about Ros's role.  Only makes sense.  And wow, she wasn't naked in a show.  Is that a first?  Liked the scene with Robb/Jaime.  Definitely keeping Jaime in the show this season is a good idea, and they can do the whole try to escape thing, since that really did happen in the book and we just didn't see it.  Grey Wind is AWESOME.  Oh, and Joffrey is freakin' spot-on.  Love him. Anyway, I'm not really that bothered.  I think next week it will pick up.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 02 April 2012 - 02:55 AM.
1340	Social Justice Bass	2012-04-02	I just managed to watch it (HBO GO seems to be working fine for me).1. I loved the Littlefinger-Cersei scene. Aside from Cersei reacting impulsively, it was also a reminder to Littlefinger that for all his schemes and money, he's still just a nobody from an insignificant House who can be killed at the Queen's pleasure. The brothel really reinforced that, when Littlefinger's bribes turned out to be worthless as a shield when the Watch came knocking. It explains why he leaps at the offer when Tyrion dangles the bait of actually having a real Lordship, even if it's Harrenhal.2. The ending scene with the deaths of the bastards was appropriately intense. The episode was a bit slow up to that point, but then it picked up. I hope the baby death bit doesn't turn off too many viewers (Ser Gregor cutting a horse in half in Season One didn't).3. I didn't really care for most of the Stannis scenes. Although Dillane looked good as Stannis (the whole time at the burning, he looked like he had a stick up his ass - very Stannis), the rest lacked menace and suspense. Stannis is this hugely important character that was only barely touched in Season One, and now he's just thrown at us along with Davos. I hope the Davos-Melisandre boat scene is appropriately creepy to make up for it.4. Cersei was the best part of this episode. Getting angry and demanding that everyone leave except Tyrion, ordering the deaths of the bastards once she receives not one but two suspicious inquiries (from her own son no less!). That's the Cersei was hoping for - she's even better than Book-Cersei.5. Tyrion was great. Not much can be said about that, although I hope they let some of his flaws sink in at some point.6. I liked the scene at Craster's Keep, well-groomed Craster aside. I did miss the chat that Jon has with Lord Mormont about Craster, but I assume that's going to happen in Episode 2 (since we haven't met Gilly yet).
					
					
							Edited by Lane Pryce, 02 April 2012 - 02:23 AM.
1341	Eponine	2012-04-02	I enjoyed this episode more than any from last season, but I think that I'm approaching the show differently - books 2-3 are much less linear and much denser than the first book, so the show is a little less predictable and I'm watching more as a spectator than a critic. When it ended, I was totally ready to see more.
However, it definitely helps that I know every detail so following new plotlines is no problem. I'm pretty sure that if I hadn't read the books, I'd be fairly confused right now.
I love Tyrion. I have no problem with the changes to Littlefinger considering that it gives him a stronger presence as a TV character. Joffrey is perfectly despicable and everyone will love watching him die. Robb & Jaime's exchange felt a little off to me - entertaining, but a little punch line-y. Oh well, Robb was kind of a blank slate in the books, so he can be anything in the show. Despite Craster's grooming, the way he talked about his "wives" was sufficiently creepy, and the men's reactions drew attention to how unnatural he is. I enjoyed the Stannis line as a reader, but am pretty sure that I wouldn't have known exactly what was going on otherwise.
I hate Dany. But while I don't think she's a fantastic actress, the material she has to work with is pretty bad right now. Stilted dialog and stilted performance. And Osha really grates at me. I know she's a minor character, but she's just this horrible caricature, and why can't she talk without her head almost tilted off her shoulders?
1342	teemo	2012-04-02	I hate Dany. But while I don't think she's a fantastic actress, the material she has to work with is pretty bad right now. Stilted dialog and stilted performance. And Osha really grates at me. I know she's a minor character, but she's just this horrible caricature, and why can't she talk without her head almost tilted off her shoulders?I agree with these comments.  Dany's acting was not very good at all from the little we saw of her in this episode, but her Dothraki was pretty good /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1343	ChrisWarg	2012-04-02	I didn't like  Dragonstone had a big city near the castle, it was like king's landing size, and It suppose to have a volcano, that disapoint me.
All was too fast but I enjoyed.
Loved Melissandre's gaze and Stannis mouth.
1344	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	Paraphrased from the other thread...I was impressed. I went in with relatively low expectations. Biggest improvement = direwolves. Biggest disappointment = Davos or Craster. The other new actors (including Melissandre) were better than I expected. This show never held a candle to the books, but this was a good start.and... I just can't help myself...Craster is WAY too good-looking................................... ew.
1345	teemo	2012-04-02	Paraphrased from the other thread...I was impressed. I went in with relatively low expectations. Biggest improvement = direwolves. Biggest disappointment = Davos or Craster. The other new actors (including Melissandre) were better than I expected. This show never held a candle to the books, but this was a good start.and... I just can't help myself...................................... ew.lol, well, include the rest of the sentence at least /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1346	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	lol, well, include the rest of the sentence at least /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Sure, you want Craster's body, don't you? DON'T YOU!?!
1347	Winter's Knight	2012-04-02	I just finished the episode and loved it!
The LF/Cersei scene was supposed to mirror last season where the Goldcloaks obeyed her instead of Ned-she's reminding him who's in charge and it seemed she came prepared with that in mind.
I just glanced over the scene in ACoK where Tyrion sends Slynt to the Wall-here's no confirmation that the order to kill Robert's bastards was given by Cersei. Joff on the other hand has sent a hired knife after at least one child. 
Moreover,now that I think about it-why bother killing them now? She's seized power snd the commons have already heard about the incest.
1348	teemo	2012-04-02	Sure, you want Craster's body, don't you? DON'T YOU!?!Hey...don't give up my secret /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Oh, my friend (non-book reader) is insistent that there is something going on between Dany and her bloodrider.  I told him she was just being grateful, but he says he's not buying it.  Anyone have an opinion?
1349	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-02	Moreover,now that I think about it-why bother killing them now? She's seized power snd the commons have already heard about the incest.Because even though Cersei loathed Robert, the existence of the bastards was always a sore point for her. You see how violently she reacted when Joffrey mentioned it. Partly she did it for political reasons...less evidence of Robert's "strong seeds" , but also it was an emotional move. Robert tried to bring one of his bastard daughters to court once and Cersei implied that if the child was brought before her presence that she would make sure the child didn't survive. She WANTED those children dead. Now that Robert, Jon Arryn or Ned were no longer around she could finally eliminate them at will.
1350	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-02	Hey...don't give up my secret /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Oh, my friend (non-book reader) is insistent that there is something going on between Dany and her bloodrider.  I told him she was just being grateful, but he says he's not buying it.  Anyone have an opinion?It did seem like they were angling that there was something more between Dany and Jakharo but I really hope they don't go down that route. It would be too much of a departure from the books. I doubt they will do that.
1351	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-02	Hey...don't give up my secret /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Oh, my friend (non-book reader) is insistent that there is something going on between Dany and her bloodrider.  I told him she was just being grateful, but he says he's not buying it.  Anyone have an opinion?Yes, your friend is not crazy. It is possible/somewhat implied by that scene but maybe I am wrong.  I would rather it doesn't happen.
1352	teemo	2012-04-02	Yeah he's not nearly creepy enough as Daario to be her type...
1353	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	Oh, my friend (non-book reader) is insistent that there is something going on between Dany and her bloodrider.  I told him she was just being grateful, but he says he's not buying it.  Anyone have an opinion?I don't see it. But this brings me to another point...This episode strayed away from the books quite a bit, at least in the smaller details, and for once I didn't mind much. I liked the Littlefinger/Cersei interaction.
					
					
							Edited by seeyouintee, 02 April 2012 - 03:11 AM.
1354	Ser Leo Targaryen	2012-04-02	I thought they tried to imply something between Dany and Rhakaro too! It's interesting, but maybe a bit too early, since Drogo has JUST died...
I don't know what people are complaining about LF x Cersei scene! I loved her playing with the guards! POWER is power!
I also could see more of the Cersei of the books now... So much fiercer than Season 1.
I'm not sure about the slapping Jeofrey scene, though... did that happen? I really can't remember!
Tyrion's entrance was great!
And also Catelyn seems so much more likeable... If I remember correctly, she never wanted to go home. Robb always wanted her to go, and she always said he was trying to push her away... Changing that to Robb wanting her to stay was a smart move IMO.
As for the castings, I really can't get behind Stannis and Craster. Mel looked cool!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Leo Targaryen, 02 April 2012 - 03:22 AM.
1355	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-02	At first I was like wtf at Cressen still being there at the Statue burning, but then I realized that as long as he dies before they go away then it's okay. The dragonstone table looked awesome. 
I didn't mind the LF/Cersei scene, it was more about Cersei then him. EWhile LF would probably not say that, Cersei owned that scene.
1356	teemo	2012-04-02	I'm not sure about the slapping Jeofrey scene, though... did that happen? I really can't remember!No.  It's impossible, there was no Joff or Cersei POV in aCoK.
1357	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-04-02	I hear a lot of complaints about the jumping around, but I loved that aspect because it reminds me of the books. Rather than the â<U+0080><U+009C>one scene â<U+0080><U+0093> Plot A, one scene â<U+0080><U+0093> Plot B, one scene â<U+0080><U+0093> Plot A, one scene â<U+0080><U+0093> Plot Câ<U+0080><U+009D> approach Season 1 took more often, these are nice, sizable chunks of a particular storyline and subplot in a general location.
The opening scene with the tournament and the dismissing of Ser Dontos was well done. Tyrion making an entrance to the Small Council was as great as youâ<U+0080><U+0099>d expect. The wolf dream scene was amazing. Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s journey will be one of my favorites, so I loved a classic â<U+0080><U+009C>Bran chapterâ<U+0080><U+009D> right up front with wolf dreams and all. I loved seeing Dolorous Edd, but I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think Craster was as well done as he couldâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been. A bit bland and sedated. The Robb and Jaime scene seemed a little forced and expositiony, but I liked the Robb/Theon scene, knowing whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s to come.
The Dany scene was kind of forgettable. The â<U+0080><U+009C>dying in the Red Wasteâ<U+0080><U+009D> plot was interesting, but it was only one chapter in the books, right? Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m unsure about stretching it out. Qarth isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t much better, and Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really get interesting again until the House of the Undying. And what was with the Dany/Jhogo sexual tension scene?!
Possibly my favorite story thread in the books is Davos/Stannis/Melisandre. Purely on the character level of the three of them, I have very high hopes. Melisandre was alluring, gorgeous, fierce, and creepy, perfect for her mysterious character, one who many consider a villain but considers herself absolutely a warrior on the side of Good in â<U+0080><U+009C>Good vs. Evil.â<U+0080><U+009D> Davos and Stannis didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get as much to do but both actors perfectly captured the spirit of their characters and I look forward to when they can really expand who these guys are.
That said, I thought they butchered Cressenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story. The prologue to A Clash of Kings is one of my favorite parts of the entire series. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like an early George R.R. Martin SF short story, based around bitter disappointment and unrequited love (in this case, love from a father figure to his â<U+0080><U+009C>sonâ<U+0080><U+009D>), but set in the world of A Song of Ice and Fire. Now, I get why this isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t the most important plot to adapt outright, but I still think it was done oddly. His death scene was executed very strangely.
Again on the negative side, the Cersei/Littlefinger scene was a complete disaster. Very out of character for Petyr, and while I like the glimpse of the mentally ill psychotic Cersei to come, a little out of character for her too, with some weird dialogue for both. Also, is Aidan Gillen all right? His voice sounded much lower and rougher than in S1 and anything else Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen him in (Queer as Folk, The Wire, etc.). On the positive side of the new scene additions, the Cersei/Joffrey scene worked really well, I think, and just when youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re like, â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh no, Ros!â<U+0080><U+009D> you get a baby getting its throat slit. Bold move, but one necessary, I think, in a storytelling method without the POV structure. The last glimpse at Arya was great.
1358	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-04-02	I was absolutely amazed by Jack Gleeson's performance. Outstanding for such a young actor. I tryed to look up his age but couldn't find it. If anyone can help mey, beers are on me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Gleeson was amazing the way he portrayed Jeoffrey's stupidity and cruelty. Even his body language, his face, everything was perfect. We may have a rising star on our hands.
I did not, however, agree with the director's interpretation of the character. Jeoffrey is stupid and cruel and craven. His threatening his mother is something that the character would never do in the books. I mean, he's even afraid of his uncle, the Imp. To speak back and even threaten his mother, that's not him. He knows who his mother is and what she is capable of doing. He would never dare threaten her. The character in the books, I mean.
Another scene that bothered me was the one with Cersei and Littlefinger. It bothered me because it portrayed Littlefinger as stupid. He is not stupid. He would never make the mistake of threatening the queen.
Overall it was ok, I guess. I loved the scenes with the wolves. Especially the ones of Bran dreaming.
The episode let me wanting more. And it may be just what they want. Everything will probably go up from now with the fighting and all.
I want to see more Stannis and more Renly and RANDYLL TARLY!
Can't wait for next week /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
p.s.
Yes, what was the deal with the Danny/Rakharo scene?
It was kind of weird.
I wonder if they plan to use characters such as Rakharo and Doreah for the roles of Daario and Missandei.
It would cost them less. Maybe. I don't know. I can just ... wait and  see.
					
					
							Edited by TheRiderThatMounts, 02 April 2012 - 03:32 AM.
1359	Eyehate	2012-04-02	I just wanted to post this somewhere since I cannot find anyone noting it.
We now have confirmation that Syrio is NOT Jaqen H'Ghar, much to my disappointment.
Watching the episode on HBOGO for the interactive features they add little bits of information from time to time and I was shocked tonight when they added this little tidbit:
"Ser Meryn
The Kingsguard member who killed Syrio Forel and struck Sansa at Joffrey's bidding."
I expect several people will have rationalizations (it was a mistake, the book =/= the show, etc...) but to those people I say at some point you have to be willing to admit your view was mistaken.  As someone who believed (and wanted) it to be true, I'm moving on from the idea...I just don't see any explanation for this that isn't wishful thinking.
1360	teemo	2012-04-02	I did not, however, agree with the director's interpretation of the character. Jeoffrey is stupid and cruel and craven. His threatening his mother is something that the character would never do in the books. I mean, he's even afraid of his uncle, the Imp. To speak back and even threaten his mother, that's not him. He knows who his mother is and what she is capable of doing. He would never dare threaten her. The character in the books, I mean.I agree that I'm dubious as to whether or not Joff would actually treat his mother like that, but he did treat Tyrion like shit.  I still can't believe what he did to his name day gift.  Ugh /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 02 April 2012 - 03:31 AM.
1361	Arkash	2012-04-02	My biggest surprise of the episode is the wolf dream. I never thought they would do it and they did increidibly well !
The scene of the death of Robert's baby bastard is amazing too ! So visceral !
1362	teemo	2012-04-02	My biggest surprise of the episode is the wolf dream. I never thought they would do it and they did increidibly well !The scene of the death of Robert's baby bastard is amazing too ! So visceral !I know!  I was so scared that they would stay away from wolf dreams because it's so "fantasy-like."  But how the hell else would Bran even have a storyline?
1363	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-02	My biggest surprise of the episode is the wolf dream. I never thought they would do it and they did increidibly well !The scene of the death of Robert's baby bastard is amazing too ! So visceral !The wolf dreams can come off as really corny if you do them wrong, but it was  done well.Yeah, I actually like that they included the scene. it'll be more awesome when Tyrion sends him to the wall. and also when he later gets made a bit shorter.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 02 April 2012 - 03:36 AM.
1364	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-02	I am kind disappointed that there are (apparently) no Jojen and Meera Reed.
1365	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	The wolf dream was good stuff. They even pulled off a nice bit of symbolism/foreshadowing with the wolf looking into the water and then Bran looking into the water and splashing away his (human) reflection.
1366	teemo	2012-04-02	I just wanted to post this somewhere since I cannot find anyone noting it.We now have confirmation that Syrio is NOT Jaqen H'Ghar, much to my disappointment.Watching the episode on HBOGO for the interactive features they add little bits of information from time to time and I was shocked tonight when they added this little tidbit:"Ser MerynThe Kingsguard member who killed Syrio Forel and struck Sansa at Joffrey's bidding."I expect several people will have rationalizations (it was a mistake, the book =/= the show, etc...) but to those people I say at some point you have to be willing to admit your view was mistaken.  As someone who believed (and wanted) it to be true, I'm moving on from the idea...I just don't see any explanation for this that isn't wishful thinking.I'm not one of those believers, but that doesn't necessarily prove anything.  Whoever put that in there could be anyone.  Just by the scene alone that's really what it looked like, so who can blame them?
1367	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-04-02	I agree that I'm dubious as to whether or not Joff would actually treat his mother like that, but he did treat Tyrion like shit.  I still can't believe what he did to his name day gift.  Ugh /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Yeah, he trats Tyrion like shit but he is also afraid of him.His craven trait speaks a lot about the boy king. I really hope they won't try to pull it out and show him just as a mad power hungry a-hole.Just think of the weapon he uses.A crossbow is regarded as a craven's weapon since it is used to kill one's enemy from a distance.
1368	teemo	2012-04-02	Yeah, he trats Tyrion like shit but he is also afraid of him.His craven trait speaks a lot about the boy king. I really hope they won't try to pull it out and show him just as a mad power hungry a-hole.Just think of the weapon he uses.A crossbow is regarded as a craven's weapon since it is used to kill one's enemy from a distance.Good points.  I'd hate to see him turn into some sort of a badass, because he isn't.  At all.
1369	Arkash	2012-04-02	About the CGI, is it only me, or Grey Wind's legs are just too damn thin... I dont know but they do not seem any muscular or powerful, only thick and thin little things, that did disturb me a lot when we saw him !
1370	teemo	2012-04-02	About the CGI, is it only me, or Grey Wind's legs are just too damn thin... I dont know but they do not seem any muscular or powerful, only thick and thin little things, that did disturb me a lot when we saw him !It's definitely not perfect.  But I liked it well enough.
1371	Maginor	2012-04-02	About the CGI, is it only me, or Grey Wind's legs are just too damn thin... I dont know but they do not seem any muscular or powerful, only thick and thin little things, that did disturb me a lot when we saw him !That's a real wolf though. It's only been enlarged.
1372	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-04-02	About the CGI, is it only me, or Grey Wind's legs are just too damn thin... I dont know but they do not seem any muscular or powerful, only thick and thin little things, that did disturb me a lot when we saw him !To be quite honest, the wolves in the books are not dire wolves. Dire wolves were not as big and did not have long legs.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dire_wolfAnd they weren't that smart either.But I guess the wolves in ASoIaF are special and it's ok.They are built to look more like wolf kings, different than common wolves, and also like war dogs, big and powerful, capable of killing men at arms.
1373	Auska	2012-04-02	I don't think it resonated emotionally cause that wasn't what the directors were going for. Rather than make us feel for a character that dies in the first scene, they use it to give us an idea of just how powerful and scary Melisandre is. I liked it better that way, myselfYes, probably out of necessity. Cressen's character is pretty much completely built in the internal monologue; the only way to get that in would have been a (lengthy) discussion with a confidante, or maybe a letter to a pen pal. Perhaps they'll return it later in the season, with maybe the Onion Knight making references to Cressen's long service and replacement by Mel. Or not. Still, we see that he doesn't react to Cressen trying to poison her in the start, a hint tooâ<U+0080>¦I have to say, Mel looked a bit underwhelming in the service on the beach. She had much more of that unrealistically-clean-for-middle-ages-must-be-magic look in the war council.â<U+0080>¦I liked Cersei being more animated. I think they're starting to foreshadow the descent into madness (which, again, relied heavily on exposition).â<U+0080>¦Also, the wolves! Awesome.â<U+0080>¦Will have to rewatch tomorrow or so.
					
					
							Edited by Auska, 02 April 2012 - 03:48 AM.
1374	Eyehate	2012-04-02	I'm not one of those believers, but that doesn&#39;t necessarily prove anything.  Whoever put that in there could be anyone.  Just by the scene alone that's really what it looked like, so who can blame them?Any theory about S=J is built upon inferences and reading into things.  Those inferences have logic to them and they definitely build an exciting and convincing  argument, but at the end of the day I don't see how inferences compete with explicit refutation.  The "it probably isn't canon" reaction was my first reaction as well but then I quickly recognized the first stage of the KA1bler-Ross model and opted to skip ahead a bit to acceptance.I'm always open to a logical argument but I just don't see how I can hold a view that depends on inference and reading into things and with a straight face question the validity of a straight statement of fact...it just seems a bit too selective to me.
					
					
							Edited by Eyehate, 02 April 2012 - 03:56 AM.
1375	seeyouintee	2012-04-02	To be quite honest, the wolves in the books are not dire wolves. Dire wolves were not as big and did not have long legs.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dire_wolfAnd they weren't that smart either.But I guess the wolves in ASoIaF are special and it's ok.They are built to look more like wolf kings, different than common wolves, and also like war dogs, big and powerful, capable of killing men at arms.You're fucking kidding! You mean dire wolves didn't display nearly human intelligence, weigh as much as a horse, and submit their corporeal control to the mental projection of humans? Next you'll tell me people never rode dragons.
1376	teemo	2012-04-02	Anyone else notice the absence of "my giant of Lannister?"
1377	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-02	I am not really sure who ordered the bastards killed in the show, whether it was Joffrey or Cersei. In the books it was Cersei IIRC. Anyone has any views on that?
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 02 April 2012 - 04:04 AM.
1378	teemo	2012-04-02	Pretty sure they wanted us to think it was Cersei, but they could have made it more clear, for sure.
1379	Arkash	2012-04-02	I also loved the opening sequence: the sigils with the names!
On season 1, some of the sigils were not that correct, but here, they're all well chosen !
1380	Ser Leo Targaryen	2012-04-02	Can I just say that even after reading DWD I hated Theon all over again on the scene he's swearing fealty to Robb?!
1381	Ran	2012-04-02	The little text bits on the web site for HBO, describing various characters, are not written by the production, I think. So that may well be some web person's assumption.
1382	Greywolf2375	2012-04-02	Melisandre's necklace glowed when Cressen tried to poison her. I enjoyed that touch.Hopefully we can look back on this as the pleasant appetizer to a kick-ass season of TV.That was the other thing - I thought part of the point of Strangler was that it killed without looking like Freddy Kreuger took it to them.
1383	salt	2012-04-02	Clearly that wasn't the Strangler.
As for the bastards- its never said that Joffrey killed them, yet EVERYONE who hasn't read the books seems to think it was him, based on the reactions I've seen around the net.  If they leave it ambiguous thats fine with me, those who read the books will know it was Cersei, but I'll be disappointed if they ever come and and say that it was Joffrey's idea.
1384	JessStormborn	2012-04-02	Can I just say that even after reading DWD I hated Theon all over again on the scene he's swearing fealty to Robb?!Yup, every time he talked about how loyal he was to Robb I wanted to throw something at the TV. Man this series really does something to me /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1385	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-02	About the CGI, is it only me, or Grey Wind's legs are just too damn thin... I dont know but they do not seem any muscular or powerful, only thick and thin little things, that did disturb me a lot when we saw him !Real wolves have comparatively slender legs, compared to Malamutes and some other wolflike dog breeds, at least from what I've observed.  CGI-Grey Wind's nose was a bit long compared to his skull, but that's a very small flaw and may not be justified, since I only just got a brief glimpse of his muzzle.   I did love the real 'wolves' of last season, but they weren't big enough to be direwolves.  I'll never forget my surprise when Bran's three or four-month old wolf cub turns into a snarling lupine killing machine of at least ten months - in the space of three weeks.  Soap Opera aging!  (both the young wolfish pup, seen whining while Bran plays Spiderman on the tower, and the pup's much older and bigger assassin who saves Catelyn and comatose Bran from the assassin, were lovely actors, though!)
1386	Lebronn Jaime	2012-04-02	I'm not understanding the criticisms of Craster. His keep was exactly as described in the books, and he himself was as ornery and hale. Would someone mind citing the passages that lead them to believe he should be more decrepit? The passages I recall allude to the fact that he's actually pretty formidable phisycally. I'll join the chorus in decrying the LF/Cersei scene as I did when Ran and Linda made their report, but I can see why they'd write that in for future plot development. There were a couple incongruences I couldn't stomach though. Dany's silver dying was one. Stannis receiving Ned's letter was another. A good episode overall though. I shot up when I saw the Dragonstone scene, and I wasn't as disappointed by Cressen's diminished role as I thought I'd be. I still hope we get someone musing about Stannis' upbringing later in the series so that he's as relatable to the tv-only audience as he can be to a reader.
1387	YoungGriff the Conqueror	2012-04-02	One small question,
How did Osha, a wildling, know that the comet signified the return of the dragons?   
Was this mentioned in the books?
1388	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	Hi /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Just finished watching the episode, and here's what I have to say:
Good points:
- Opening sequence - Dragonstone! Yay!
- Tyrion's look to Cersei when they haven't got Arya. Priceless xD
- CGI direwolves - Greywind scared the hell out of me. That part where he pretends to bit Jamie was probably used to "mimic" the book scene where Robb makes Greywind growl menaciously to Cleos Frey (?);
- The last sequence with the Golden Cloaks and the bastards. The coordination, the music, the final part with Gendry riding up North - simply perfect in my opinion! And the actor who plays Janos Slynt must be good because I'm already itching with hate for the show character, even if so far he's been portrayed as less pompous and full of himself than in the book.
Bad points:
- Cersei / Littlefinger scene - completely out-of-character for Littlefinger IMO, to defy someone so openly, specially someone from the Royal Family. He's supposed to be everyone's friend and no one's enemy, pulling the strings from the shadows.
- The way they rushed the Dragonstone storyarch. Although actors are good (Carice was stupendous for me!) and it was well-acted, I felt something was missing, which makes me sad, because it's one of the storyarchs I like the most in the books.
As for "who sent the order to kill the bastards?", from the book I always get the impression that the order came from Cersei, specially due to the conversation between Tyrion and Janos Slynt. If it came from Joffrey instead... well, it would give another feel to it. Cersei was the one trying to make sure her kid sat on the Iron Throne, Joffrey always thought he was Robert's son. I do, however, understand if in the tv show they make it the other way around to give more depth to Joff's cowardness.
A good, steady, but not-perfect episode. All in all a good start for the new season /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1389	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-04-02	Anyone else notice the absence of "my giant of Lannister?"You're right. And, also, it was kind of weird to see Tyrion and his whore in the Hand's Tower.Didn't the only scene with both of them in the Hand's Tower end with a crossbow bolt in a lord's belly? I may not remember right.
1390	Towel	2012-04-02	To be quite honest, the wolves in the books are not dire wolves. Dire wolves were not as big and did not have long legs.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dire_wolfAnd they weren't that smart either.he legs of the dire wolf were proportionally shorter and sturdier than those of the gray wolfYou do know what proportionally means right? They were actually quite a bit taller than grey wolves. Also not to beat a dead horse but brain case size being PROPORTIONALLY A BIT SMALLER than a grey wolf DOES NOT EQUAL "not that smart"
1391	Rockroi	2012-04-02	So, a few comments on what others have been ssaying:Dany:  I think the show is actually staying very true to the books; in Clash of Kings Dany has five whole chapters (she had 10 in GoT); by comparrision in Clash, Arya had 10 chapters, Tyrion 15.  Hence, it should be expected that her scenes and their impact will be few and far between.  I thought the scene was fine.Cersei and Littlefinger: I thought this scene workled for two reasons and they are important.  First, it shows how clumsy and ham-fisted Cersei is at the game ("Power is power" might have been followed by LF saying, "You know nothing, Cersei Lannister"). It also shows how she is enraptured by her power and loves makinga  show of it (this chaffes when dealing with Joff; hence the only way she can flex her new-found power would be to do as Joff desires).  Bu tthe second reason the scene works is by illustrating just how precarious, dangerous and fatal LFs position really is; at the whim of a crazy person; by order of a bad King, a confused Hand or a short-sighted Regent, his life .... ends.  That's that.  That's the danger of serving men like Aerys and women like Lysa Arryn; THEY decide when "you win or you die."  Its why it MAY ACTUALLY be better to servea dangerous man like Tywin or a brutal one like Stannis than it would be to serve a fickle one like Cersei or an incompetent one like Ned.  That scene absolutely worked for me.Clean Craster: I thought the show's producers made a deision to juxtapose Craster's relatively regal appearance with the shit-kicking look of his daughter/wives.  I thought the difference was pretty deliberate and it worked.ETA: Cressen's Death: I actually thought they did the best they could; they had to make it clear that Cressen was trying to poison Mel; that it not be as ham-handed as it was in the book (in the boiok everyone in the world knows what he's trying to do; and its left slightly ambiguous as to whether the posion was taken by Mel or if it stayed in the cup for Cressen) and that the poison worked.  By him drinking first it does two things: first, it's him saying "See, this drink is fine.  Look! I'm drinking from it."  Second, Cressen says that he is willing to die to expose Mel.  When Mel sees this she... drinks.  BAsically she is saying that these trivial tricks cannot harm her.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 02 April 2012 - 06:30 AM.
1392	Greywolf2375	2012-04-02	Regarding the "brothet tryouts" - I think the point of that scene was to establish that Ros is now "Chief Whore" or something like that.  She has obviously replaced Alaya(sp?) from the books.  Give Ros' popularity amongst this crowd, I doubt that makes it any better, heh...yeah, that was another thing that bothered me about it.  One - didn't need the scene in there, two - didn't need her parroting Petyr and C - in 6 months she goes from her tryout to Chief Whore In Charge?
1393	EnemyoftheDragon	2012-04-02	Loved the episode and all the new scenes:
the cersei\LF confrotion was awesome (and remmber guys LF is a human bieng and pepole make mistakes even stupid ones)
Robb is much more mature and theon seemes to be much more trustworthy better then then books theon.
one thing i d'ont understand is in the talk with jaime:
about what 3 victories was robb talking about he hasent gone to the west yet right?
can someone explain this?
1394	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	I'm surprised at how many people say that Grey Wind didn't look exactly like a real wolf when it actually is a real wolf shot on green screen. That shows a bit on how the critical eye works at times, which also can be applied to how some people are viewing scenes with the sole purpose of comparing changes to the book.one thing i d'ont understand is in the talk with jaime:about what 3 victories was robb talking about he hasent gone to the west yet right?can someone explain this?I don't think you need any more information about it. It's war and battles are fought. Jaime says that Robb has been travelling around and are lugging Jaime with him everywhere. From that we can just deduct that there are battles going on in the area Robb is now. Not all of them need to be crucial events.
1395	Ser_Niall	2012-04-02	Overall I enjoyed the episode.  I kind of expected it to jump around a lot, they had to introduce a lot of new characters, new location (dragonstone), and get everyone back up to speed.  I disappointed with Maester Cressen's scene where he tried to poison Melissandre.  It was very dramatic in the book, but just seemed silly the way it was protrayed on screen.  He basically had blood dripping from his nose before he had a chance to hand the cup to Mel, who in their right mind would drink that?  Maybe they did it this way to show that it was indeed poisoned wine, and not some kind of magic from Mel that killed him?  Also, I agree that Craster looked a little too clean cut.  I imagined him being dirtier, long unkept beard, etc.  For someone wanting good steel from the night's watch, he seems to not be lacking in shaving equipment.
1396	TheRiderThatMounts	2012-04-02	You do know what proportionally means right? They were actually quite a bit taller than grey wolves.Also not to beat a dead horse but brain case size being PROPORTIONALLY A BIT SMALLER than a grey wolf DOES NOT EQUAL "not that smart"My friend, I wasn't comparing the dire wolves to gray wolves, I was comparing them to the dire wolves in the story. It says there, if I remember right, that they had long legs. They were portrayed as tall creatures, lean, more like a great dane than a mastiff. That always made me think the wolves were built for speed, nor necesarily for power.Now, a gray wolf looks like this:[img]http://dnr.wi.gov/or...ature_photo.jpg[/img]Since it hunts in packs, it doesn't need to be big and strong. But it is quick.http://en.wikipedia....erican_AlsatianIt is said that the American Alsatian was bread to resemble the dire wolf.It is part English Mastiff.[img]http://4.bp.blogspot...mpanion-Dog.jpg[/img]You can see it is bulkier than the gray wolf, with more powerful legs.Since dire wolves were part of the megafaunna, they hunted megafaunna. They needed to be powerful because so was their pray. They did not hunt thin, fast, deer. They hunted bigger, slower things that could crush them with ease.Like I said, I was comparing the original to the fantasy version, not the original to its cousin the gray wolf.What I saw in last night's episode was a bigger version of the gray wolf. And it looked just like the books say.
1397	Independent George	2012-04-02	I actually rather enjoyed fully-clothed Ros (wow, those are words I never expected to say). As much as I like eye candy, it's much less distracting this way, and she turns out to actually be a pretty good actress. Her scene wasn't gratuitous; it was a bridge from S1 into whatever role she's playing in S2, and was a nice segue into the whole baby murder thing. I loved the looks of disgust from the gold cloaks at the sight of the dead baby. 
Did anyone else notice that Dontos was held down and tortured by the Kingsguard? I thought that was a nice touch.
The Tyrion and Edd scenes worked so well that I didn't even notice that some of my favorite lines from COK were missing (Dolorous Edd on axes, Tyrion's "It seems unjust that you'd open your legs for one brother and not the other.").
1398	Arataniello	2012-04-02	I can see why the producers might have put in the Cersei/LF scene, if they felt the need to lay a more obvious trail of breadcrumbs for the viewer to follow to understand why LF ends up leaving King's Landing for the Vale and orchestrating the events surrounding Joffrey's wedding.
In the preview for "in the coming weeks" it does look rather like Jojen's greendreams are being rolled into Bran's wolfdreams, and thereby eliminating the Reed children.  Not sure what this is going to mean for Bran's storyline after the end of aCoK, when he is making his way north - perhaps they have Osha go with Bran, and some nameless Winterfell retainer go off with Rickon.
Bran's basket looked a bit weird to me, I always imagined it having him riding much more erect, so that his head was above Hodor's - at one point he cracks his head (ISTR) going through a door or arch because Hodor forgets to duck.  I guess they had to go with a design that worked, given the size of the actor playing Hodor.
As has been said in many posts above, Lena Headley really seems to have improved as Cersei in this episode, much more like I imagined her being, all "wildfire when thwarted" type thing.
Still no sign of the rest of the Kingsguard being fleshed out, even though a couple of them start having important parts to play in the second book - Preston Greenfield, Mandon Moore, Boros Blount.
1399	TheEvilKing	2012-04-02	Gonna post my thoughts in random order before reading the rest of the thread.Joffrey - This kid is an immaculate villain. Holy shit, that scene with Cersei. I'm just worried that they've upped his villainousness so much that he might be a type of season arc-villain, and his death will come at the end of season 2.Robb - Robb took a level in badass this episode. Second most impressive performance after JG.Dragonstone - Didn't see enough of Stannis. The dude who played Davos seemed fine. I like the chick who plays Mel (helps that she is smoking hot).Cinematography  - Immense. Sexiest looking episode of the series so far.Dany/Rakharo - Are they going to bone? I hope so, simply to annoy the purists. Emilia's performance was very good. Quaithe in the next ep?? Really looking forward to seeing her for some reason.The ending sequence - I was wondering how they were going to give the first ep a solid ending as there wasn't a natural one in the books - I thought it might end with Stannis or Renly being crowned or something. Also, Arya doesn't have much story at the start of ACoK. I think choosing to make the killing of Bob's Bastards more obvious and brutal was a good decision, and sets up a bit of tension for Arya and Gendry.Tyrion in the Small Council - Just a great, fun scene.Ros - I just want to congratulate her on her promotion, and for having a scene where she isn't fucking.Winterfell - The Winterfell scenes were all well and good. I think they did a very good job at handling the warging. It's going to be a very difficult plot element for them. I see it in the flames.North of the Wall - The Night's Watch scenes were fine. I don't really have much to say about them.My expectations for the next episode: Can't wait for some Ironborn mayhem and some Natalie Dormer fun. Also moar Varys pls.ETA: I didn't have a massive problem with the LF/Cersei scene. I think it'll work in that the n00bs will now underestimate him (as will Cersei). But one thing that was bizarre was his access and general vocal performance. Is it just me? He doesn't sound anything like he did in season 1.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 02 April 2012 - 06:49 AM.
1400	Greywolf2375	2012-04-02	Clearly that wasn't the Strangler.If that is so, add this to the "disappointment" list - that was the introduction to what that poison can do which is supposed to be important later on.It's funny, I'm more impacted - in S1 as well - by the detail changes since so many of them are the start of plot threads later on in the story than some of the "we had to cut out XX & YY completely" changes.
1401	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-02	And Osha really grates at me. I know she's a minor character, but she's just this horrible caricature, and why can't she talk without her head almost tilted off her shoulders?/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  during the second watching this really stood out for me too.  I have no idea why she does that, it is very weird and a little distracting.
1402	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	*Tinfoil hat mode on*
was it just me (i dont think so because it seemed really obvious) or everyone else thinks that the "washing Cinderella" will be used to replace Jeyne Poole as Fake Arya? /idea.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':idea:' />
1403	lostinwesteros	2012-04-02	I'm so bad.  I watched it three times in a row last night -- but then, couldn't get into this site.  Anyway, here's my input:
That scene between Cercei and Littlefinger was really shocking - I didn't think there was ever any conflict like that between them.  I did love that after she'd done that to LF, she walked right into a confrontation with Joffrey and was pretty 'roughed up', so to speak, herself.  Looks like they'll show Cercei starting to unravel pretty early on.
Loved Robb's conversation with Jaime and LOVED Grey Wind.  I know they're computer-animated for TV, but gosh, it's good to see those huge animals and know they're dedicated to protecting the Stark kids.  I think Ghost just wasn't allowed inside Craster's Keep.
Why did Craster keep focusing on Jon as a "pretty boy"?  And Craster was too well groomed.  Was that Gilly that he asked to tell the NW how happy she was there?  
I didn't realize we were given a brief glimpse of Rattleshirt - I'll have to replay that.
So sad to see Silver bite the dust.  I love the casting of Dany's 'tribe', especially her blood riders.  And I wanted to yell out, char the meat, char the meat!
Wondered how they would treat the beginning of warging.  I thought they did a good job.  
I love Osha.
They're really showing Theon as a devious sycophant right from the start.
					
					
							Edited by House of White and White, 02 April 2012 - 06:59 AM.
1404	Ran	2012-04-02	What's strange to me is that they don't really need to motivate Littlefinger betraying the Lannisters. He'll betray anyone when the time is right. He's not a Lannister partisan. He was prepared to sell out Cersei to Ned, if only Ned played it the way he wanted.
Events in episode 3 should be enough to shade any personal motive for his actions, and even that's not really needed. So, no, I don't buy that episode 1's Littlefinger-Cersei scene was required. It seems to me that mostly is just exists to get out the knowledge is power vs. power is power dichotomy. Cersei has plenty of opportunities this season to chew the scenery and get across the same idea.
1405	TheEvilKing	2012-04-02	was it just me (i dont think so because it seemed really obvious) or everyone else thinks that the "washing Cinderella" will be used to replace Jeyne Poole as Fake Arya? /idea.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':idea:' />Who?I didn't realize we were given a brief glimpse of Rattleshirt - I'll have to replay that.Say what?! Where?
1406	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	Who?You see her first washing the blood off the floor on Joff's tourney, and then when Cersei and LF are talking about getting Arya back the girl is seen again by LF.... can be me totally seeing more than what was there, but I had the impression it was a like a hint
1407	Chalkius Stark	2012-04-02	Thoughts, without reading the rest of the thread. Probably all been brought up!
Negatives first!
- Has something happened to Aiden Gillen (Littlefinger), his voice sounded different. It's lost its character
- Craster should have been lean and bedraggled in my eyes, not plump and with a nice haircut. Also, the place wasn't creepy enough.
- The scene where Ros was the whorehouse mistress didn't work(before the Gold Cloaks entered). She's barely been there a few months! From northern whore to southern Madam in a very short space of time!
- Didn't like how quickly Cressen was introduced and then killed. Didn't look old and frail enough to me.
Positives
 - Robb was badass 'Is he?'. As was the introduction of the new Grey Wind. Also, NCW played a good part.
 - Liked seeing Hannah Murray as Gilly, she seems like she fits the part.
 - Tyrion is awesome as always, and Lena Heady has improved.
 - Joffrey has become even more unlikable....which is a good thing! Great work from Jack Gleeson.
 - Liked Ser Dontos. I recognise the actor from a few things, think he'll be good at playing the fool!
 - Stephen Dillane was perfect as Stannis, loved how picky and proper he is about things, seems just right for Stannis.
 - I liked Melissandre. I'd imagined her more Christina Henricks sort of sensual and curvy, but Carice van Houten does seem to know how to play the part.
 - Davos, Liam Cunningham was perfect. He was who I had in my head when I read his character, he's nailed it. Helps that he's an awesome actor.
 - Thought the bastard killings, while harsh, were important, and handled well
1408	ShadowRaven	2012-04-02	So Joff did know he was a bastard......Did they ever imply that in the books?
1409	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-02	Say what?! Where?There's a brief glimpse of Rattleshirt in the "Coming Weeks" preview at the end of the episode. I'm almost positive there's nothing in the first episode itself.
1410	HokieStone	2012-04-02	Say what?! Where?Rattleshirt wasn't in the episode - you got a quick glimpse of him in the previews for the rest of the season.
1411	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	So Joff did know he was a bastard......Did they ever imply that in the books?I don't think so. In the books he never gave me the impression that he knew, let alone confront Cersei about Robert's whoring the way he did in this episode.
1412	ShadowRaven	2012-04-02	The episode was overal good/okay, however I did not like how Tyrion just suddenly arrived in KL. Didn't he only arrive in KL just as Sansa was stripped of her clothes so to speak?
I liked the Bran thing though; epic! Now they need to introduce Meera and Jojen Reed.
1413	ShadowRaven	2012-04-02	I don't think so. In the books he never gave me the impression that he knew, let alone confront Cersei about Robert's whoring the way he did in this episode.Didn't Joffrey say that about Jaime in the episode though?
1414	TheEvilKing	2012-04-02	You see her first washing the blood off the floor on Joff's tourney, and then when Cersei and LF are talking about getting Arya back the girl is seen again by LF.... can be me totally seeing more than what was there, but I had the impression it was a like a hintI was fairly certain that it was one of Varys's "little birds".
1415	modehead	2012-04-02	This 10 hour format is going to prove to be disappointing. There's no way they'll give the plot justice in 10 hours.   
BTW, Ros replaces Chataya, right? That's why she exists?
1416	luacuof	2012-04-02	Sorry to sneak into this topic, but I don't know where else I could put this: is there ANY way I can watch the episode online? Legally, illegally, with some dark magic or sorcery..? Please! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
The show won't be aired in my country untill May and I just can't wait that long... I need to see it now! Can anyone help me? Thank you /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
1417	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	Didn't Joffrey say that about Jaime in the episode though?Yes, in the episode he did. In the books, as far as I remember, never.Here he says to Cersei he heard a story about her and Jamie. And then proceeds to say he's the rightful heir so he doesn't have a "claim". But in the book he never confronts Cersei about her twincest or Robert's whoring.EDIT - @TheEvilKing- that's another possibility which crossed my mind, but I'm more inclined towards her as Fake Arya because we know it's LF who deals with that matter, not Varys. But we'll just have to wait and see /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Little Miss Sunshine, 02 April 2012 - 07:26 AM.
1418	TC_Chaos	2012-04-02	This 10 hour format is going to prove to be disappointing. There's no way they'll give the plot justice in 10 hours.  BTW, Ros replaces Chataya, right? That's why she exists?They're kicking some of the stuff into season 3, so I won't be too bad I think. My initial reaction was the same considering book 2 is longer, but I noticed that this episode has some stuff from book 1 so I can see what the creators are trying to do.Some of the events be pushed up and pushed back. Personally, I think its fine because its hard to adapt the text exactly the way it is and make every episode ends with a bang.I like how this episode they focused on Stannis' introduction only and not put in Renly and his crew or the Greyjoys. Next episode will be introduction for the Greyjoy and Renly & crew, I am sure. My initial reaction when I was reading book 2 was that the first 200 pages were a big ass introduction to the book. The comet and everyone's perception of it was pure genius to kick start the book.I'm glad to see they're staying very faithful to the book's dialogues while adding more of their own. I find that as a fan who read the books, sometimes the dialogues are just too predictable because I know them. So, when with the creators' dialogues, sometimes, its just a little refreshing for fans who are too familiar with the books.
					
					
							Edited by TC_Chaos, 02 April 2012 - 07:27 AM.
1419	Francis Buck	2012-04-02	The episode was overal good/okay, however I did not like how Tyrion just suddenly arrived in KL. Didn't he only arrive in KL just as Sansa was stripped of her clothes so to speak?I liked the Bran thing though; epic! Now they need to introduce Meera and Jojen Reed.Tyrion arrives in Sansa's first chapter of ACoK, during the jousting at Joffrey's nameday.
1420	TC_Chaos	2012-04-02	Yes, in the episode he did. In the books, as far as I remember, never.Here he says to Cersei he heard a story about her and Jamie. And then proceeds to say he's the rightful heir so he doesn't have a "claim". But in the book he never confronts Cersei about her twincest or Robert's whoring.EDIT - @TheEvilKing- that's another possibility which crossed my mind, but I'm more inclined towards her as Fake Arya because we know it's LF who deals with that matter, not Varys. But we'll just have to wait and see /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />It seems that they're making Joffrey more of a man on this show. In the book, he's just a kid who follows his mother's words and sometimes act dumb. They're beefing Joffrey up in this season, just as last season.
1421	TheEvilKing	2012-04-02	EDIT - @TheEvilKing- that's another possibility which crossed my mind, but I'm more inclined towards her as Fake Arya because we know it's LF who deals with that matter, not Varys. But we'll just have to wait and see /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Just seems a little early to introduce the fake Arya storyline unless they plan to bring it forward quite a lot.Checked out the previews, Rattleshirt's costume is dope. I hope they make him a bit more badass in the show. He's a cartoonish villain in the books that everyone runs rings around.
1422	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	It seems that they're making Joffrey more of a man on this show. In the book, he's just a kid who follows his mother's words and sometimes act dumb. They're beefing Joffrey up in this season, just as last season.Which is fine by me, as long as they keep his cowardness. I always thought it was Cersei who gave the order to kill the bastards, but they apparently are passing it to Joffrey on the show and oddly it doesn't seem that out of character for me
1423	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	Just seems a little early to introduce the fake Arya storyline unless they plan to bring it forward quite a lot. I'd normally agree with you, but they stressed out so much the importance of finding Arya in this episode... Tyrion talking to Cersei, Cersei to LF, Cersei to Joffrey... It was just a thought, now I'll wait to see what they'll do.
1424	mrnegativity	2012-04-02	Couple of people already mentioned - but WTF is going on with Littlefinger's voice?
Dude nailed it in the first season, felt like he was trying a little too hard to 'do' the same voice, came off sounding pretty odd.
Craster - awesome, like most I didn't picture him that well-fed or well-groomed but it worked well.
Davos, Melisandre, Stannis - awesome. As I pictured them from the books but better.
Including the bastard killing - intense, and a good call. Marshalling anti-Lannister sentiment among viewers, making us remember why Janos Slynt is an asshole, emphasising Joff and Cersei's paranoia / legitimacy of Stannis' claim. GG all round.
The LF/Cersei scene was the only real 'WTF' moment, the rest was pretty spot on.
1425	legba11	2012-04-02	First impressions:
I liked it, though it as very much a somewhat disorganized intro to 5.5? stories.  I think they would have been better served by sticking to three (the Iron Throne stories) and add the others next week.  People would have been upset to not see Jon and Dany, but they are side stories this season.
I strongly disagree with many folks here about Cersei/ Littlefinger (This is the TV show, Game of Thrones, not some moving pictures to go along with the books).  It is a perfect setup for their futures.  You see Cersei's problem as a ruler.  She thinks just because she has the strongest hand in the present, that is all she needs to rule.  She has the power, yet she is so unsure of her standing she lashes out with grotesque displays of power and makes enemies for no reason other than to remind herself that she currently has power.  This has two aspects for LF. First, we get to see what was only told to us before (how the true power houses crap all over him) and more importantly, Littlefinger has to realize how unstable this ruling "family" is and he is safer outside of their immediate reach.  So what does he do? (in the near future)  He goes to Highgarden and returns with a queen and army loyal to him, and then quickly leaves again to claim his true power (in SoS).  The hated Ros scene also backs this up.  He has transferred control of his moneymaker to her, so he can leave King's Landing.  This scene perfectly sets the table for Cersei's and LF's futures.
I agree that Craster was a bit too refined for my taste.  I pictured him as a past-his-prime brute.  Otherwise, a good scene, Mormont's reaction to Jon was a bit much.
Opening scene was brilliant, almost perfect.  I don't understand the dislike of Sophie Turner, I think she has been perfect in 1.10 and this episode.
Joffery is MUCH stronger than he was portrayed in the books.  His scene with Cersei dramatically changes the dynamic in KL until May 2013. (Countdown to that begins NOW).
The writes wisely made Catelyn a much more palatable character.  I find how terrible of a mother she is distracting in the books.  She tries to do the right thing and Robb makes her do what is best for the realm rather than her family (damn that Stark blood).
Dany scene was meh, but her entire arc in CoK is meh, so anything good that comes out of it is a huge plus.  (She becomes my second favorite character starting with Book 3, so this isn't Dany hate).
Stannis/Melisandre/Davos are perfect.  Great scene, though I agree you don't feel for the maester's attempted sacrifice. They instead use that scene to really push Melisandre as a seriously dangerous force.  
Bran's wolf scene was a nice plus.
1426	Peter1982	2012-04-02	@ luacuof: maybe we are not supposed to, but just try googling something like: watch series game of thrones. or: craving for game of thrones.
They have clearly upgraded the position of Joffrey and Robb. I like it. They are to opposites. Just like Renly and Stannis. It will clearly strengthen the epic drama for the events of Season 3 and 4. It means we are going to see a lot of Joffrey to. He is fantastic. It makes me wonder which psychopath is going to play Ramsey Bolton (if they ever come that far).
THe infanticide was masterly done. It is a minor event in the book. But brought into view, it shows the gruesome cruelty of westerosi politics. The cruelty of a mother like Cersei ordering the killing of children to save her own children.
I don't mind about Craster's keep. Craster looked a bit to clean in my eyes. But it doesnt matter as Craster is such a minor character. I thought it was nice how they introduced the question where Craster leaves his sons and introduced Gilly
1427	megamutt	2012-04-02	â<U+0080><U+009C>We share that view, sweet child.â<U+0080><U+009D> Tyrion turned to Sansa. â<U+0080><U+009C>My lady, I am sorry for your losses. Truly, the gods are cruel.â<U+0080><U+009D>Sansa could not think of a word to say to him. How could he be sorry for her losses? Was he mocking her? It wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t the gods whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>d been cruel, it was Joffrey.â<U+0080><U+009C>I am sorry for your loss as well, Joffrey,â<U+0080><U+009D> the dwarf said.â<U+0080><U+009C>What loss?â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Your royal father? A large fierce man with a black beard; youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll recall him if you try. He was king before you.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh, him. Yes, it was very sad, a boar killed him.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Is that what â<U+0080>theyâ<U+0080><U+0099> say, Your Grace?â<U+0080><U+009D>Joffrey frowned. Sansa felt that she ought tocan't belive that was not in the show.
1428	Francis Buck	2012-04-02	I had no real problems with it honestly. I'm not a book purist, so the changes don't bother me, and a direct adaptation would be boring anyway. The only thing I felt could have some more attention was the whole Dragonstone sequence. I just think they could have devoted a little more time to it, especially being new characters and all. But otherwise I though everything was great. The Robb, Jaimie, and Grey Wind scene was an awesome addition. The part with Littlefinger and Cersei didn't really bother me at all, I actually kind of liked it. And I like how they did the ending, it was a clever approach, especially since there wasn't really an obvious ending point in the books. And the entire episode had easily the best looking cinematography in the series so far. I'm psyched for next week.EDIT: I also really liked how they handled the warging (even if it was very brief). I was worried about how they would do that, since it's something that could very easily have turned out cheesy looking, but it actually felt quite realistic (I'm curious as to how they did it at all, with the way the camera moved and such).
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 02 April 2012 - 07:52 AM.
1429	luacuof	2012-04-02	@ luacuof: maybe we are not supposed to, but just try googling something like: watch series game of thrones. or: craving for game of thrones.Thank you... I just can't seem to find anything... /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1430	BronnFan	2012-04-02	I imagine my own first impressions will coincide with a lot that has already been said.
I liked all the major new additions and how they were acted. The actor who played Craster, although looking nothing like I thought he would done a great job of ramping up the creep factor.
Felt the episode jumped around a lot but that was to be expected.
Disappointed we didn't get the prologue from ACOK as it's one of my favourite chapters in Book 2,
1431	BronnFan	2012-04-02	Also, I haven't read this whole thread but what was up with the scene between Dany and Rakharo?
Seemed a bit.....strange.
1432	White Harbors Wrath	2012-04-02	Thought it was a great episode. I've already read the books, so I'm not really interested in seeing an exact interpretation of them. If I wanted that I could simply read the books again. I have faith that GRRM has influence/input on these small plot changes and they follow the overall scope of his end vision. Not going to waste energy on nit-picking.
Grey Wind though. Holy. That was hard, you really could feel the anticipation of what was coming...and that was with already seeing the spoiler picture of Robb & friend.
Really enjoyed Stannis...Think Dillane knocked that out of the park. Not mentally how I imagined him, but the scene correcting the Joffery declaration letter...I had no doubt that he is Stannis after that. Can't wait to see more of him.
1433	Ravenhair	2012-04-02	@Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren--
In the books, Cersei definitely ordered the killing of the bastards.  
Tyrion:"....it was my sister.  That was what the oh-so-loyal Lord Janos refused to say.  Cersei sent the gold cloaks to that brothel."
Varys tittered nervously.  So he had known all along.  
"You left that part out, " Tyrion said accusingly. 
"Your own sweet sister," Varys said, so grief-stricken he looked close to tears.  "It is a hard thing to tell a man, my lord.  I was fearful how you might take it.  Can you forgive me?"
"No," Tyrion snapped.  "Damn you.  Damn her." He could not touch Cersei, he knew.  Not yet, not even if he'd wanted to, and he was far from certain he did.  Yet it rankles, to sit here and make a mummer's show of justice by punishing the sorry likes of Janos Lynt and Allar Deem, while his sister continued on her savage course.......
					
					
							Edited by Ravenhair, 02 April 2012 - 12:25 PM.
1434	lacuna	2012-04-02	Overall, I liked it a lot. Some details annoyed me, most have been mentioned. Brothel boot camp, lack of Ghost, fake snow is fake!, Cersei vs. LF, etc... One thing haven't seen mentioned, and this bothered me in the book as well, is that it shouldn't take a genius to figure out that an animal that shoots fire from its mouth generally won't probably wouldn't bother with eating raw meat.Also, the whole Dontos scene seemed stupid for more reasons than his breastplate. He didn't seem drunk at all to begin with, so how Joffrey saw it immediately I don't know. His reputation preceding him, I suppose, but still. And he was a bit meek while being led away, presumably to be executed. No resistance at all while they were pouring the wine, not even gagging, and very ambulatory after what would have been a very demanding ordeal on the body.The view of King's Landing from the scene in Tyrion's chambers is great, but it makes me wonder if they'll have to scrap the stuff about the chain, or revamp the location completely. Looking at this picture from S01, along with the view from Tyrion's chambers, the river (or rather, the land on the other side of the river) seems to be gone, and the bay it has been replaced with is too wide. Sure, you could make a chain that long, but it would be an exercise in futility. There's no way a chain long enough to span that gap could rise above the water without it breaking under its own weight. Or am I seeing it wrong?Edited for reality check. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by lacuna, 02 April 2012 - 08:04 AM.
1435	Ravenhair	2012-04-02	As for Dany's silver, it got her all the way to the House of the Undying Ones, so her horse didn't die in ACoK.
					
					
							Edited by Ravenhair, 02 April 2012 - 08:06 AM.
1436	Peter1982	2012-04-02	I thought in the TV series Cersei was the one ordering the killing, but her reason was specificly so that Joffrey wouldnt know about it...
1437	The Faceless One	2012-04-02	I thought Dinklage and Dillane were fantastic and Gleeson makes it so easy to hate Joffery. Tyrion is an obvious book favorite, but I never really cared for Stannis, though I think I am going to love him on the show.   I didn't like the added story lines. Bleh! There is little enough time as it is, but as someone stated before, it would be kind of boring to follow the books to the letter.  They are changing the story up enough already, but I would prefer they threw in some of the storylines and characters they are leaving out rather than adding material of their own.  One thing that struck me early on was...the white raven came waaaaaaay waaaaaaay too early.
1438	dtones520	2012-04-02	Also, I haven't read this whole thread but what was up with the scene between Dany and Rakharo?Seemed a bit.....strange.I dont know why everyone thinks it had romantic overtones. It had as much romantic implications as Dany telling Jorah he is her rock. All she says to him is that he has never failed her and he replies that it would be a bad time to start.
1439	BronnFan	2012-04-02	I dont know why everyone thinks it had romantic overtones. It had as much romantic implications as Dany telling Jorah he is her rock. All she says to him is that he has never failed her and he replies that it would be a bad time to start.Not sure if I'd agree with the people who said it had romantic overtones but it just struck me as a bit weird, although I can't say why.Not complaining though, I like the character of Rakharo and if he's getting a bit more of a prominent role then it's cool with me.
1440	boojam	2012-04-02	The view of King's Landing from the scene in Tyrion's chambers is great, but it makes me wonder if they'll have to scrap the stuff about the chain, or revamp the location completely. Looking at this picture from S01, along with the view from Tyrion's chambers, the river (or rather, the land on the other side of the river) seems to be gone, and the bay it has been replaced with is too wide. Sure, you could make a chain that long, but it would be an exercise in futility. There's no way a chain long enough to span that gap could rise above the water without it breaking under its own weight. Or am I seeing it wrong?Yeah  I wondered about that too. Dubrovnik is a spectacular place, in fact other worldly. Yet, I tried to pick out some CGI fixup, and could not see it. Something seems disjoint from last season.Maybe we will see it later.
1441	dtones520	2012-04-02	I thought Dinklage and Dillane were fantastic and Gleeson makes it so easy to hate Joffery. Tyrion is an obvious book favorite, but I never really cared for Stannis, though I think I am going to love him on the show.   I didn't like the added story lines. Bleh! There is little enough time as it is, but as someone stated before, it would be kind of boring to follow the books to the letter.  They are changing the story up enough already, but I would prefer they threw in some of the storylines and characters they are leaving out rather than adding material of their own.  One thing that struck me early on was...the white raven came waaaaaaay waaaaaaay too early.GRRM states in a behind the scenes clip that the white ravens mean the change of seasons, not winter only. So I imagine white ravens come before spring and summer too.
1442	Ygritte's fur	2012-04-02	Did we really need another pointless Whore Tryout Day? That scene was painful and pathetic. I actually face-palmed during it.Haha. Totally. So lame. It's like saying, we're afraid our story isn't compelling enough so we must throw in some gratuitous whore scenes. Which I guess I get from a producer standpoint but there is so much good compelling stuff here! Much of which will be cut to fit in a season. Insofar as making up the LF/Cersei scene: I agree that it seemed out of character for LF but it makes sense in terms of setting up the main conflicts in a timely fashion. People are objecting to adding scenes: yes there are plenty of great scenes in the bOoks but that is the problem. At some point the writers have to pick the most critical scenes or fudge them, maybe making up one scene that pulls five or six book plot points together just to fit. There is, obviously, a totally different economy to a ten hr long episode TV show vs an 800 page book.
					
					
							Edited by Ygritte's fur, 02 April 2012 - 08:17 AM.
1443	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-04-02	One thing that struck me early on was...the white raven came waaaaaaay waaaaaaay too early.The white raven is presented to us in the ACOK prologue, when Shireen visits Maester Cressen precisely to see the bird. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1444	Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren	2012-04-02	@Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren--In the books, Cersei definitely ordered the killing of the bastards.  Tyrion:"....it was my sister.  That was was the oh-so-loyal Lord Janos refused to say.  Cersei sent the go,d cloaks to that brothel."Varys tittered nervously.  So he had known all along.  "You left that part out, " Tyrion said accusingly."Your own sweet sister," Varys said, so grief-stricken he looked close to tears.  "It is a hard thing to tell a man, my lord.  I was fearful how you might take it.  Can you forgive me?"."No," Tyrion snapped.  "Damn you.  Damn her.". He could not touch Cersei, he knew.  Not yet, not even if he'd wanted to, and he was far from certain he did.  Yet it rankles, to sit here and make a mummer's show of justice by punishing the sorry likes of Janos Lynt and Llar Deem, while hie sister continued on her savage course.......Well yeah that is what I also remember. What is in doubt is not what Cersei does in the books but whether the show will diverge on this. It is unclear in the show whether it was Cersei or Joffrey who ordered it. I think it was Cersei due to the fact that she was the one who did it in the books but it wouldn't be out of character for show Joffrey to have done it either.
					
					
							Edited by Qhorin Halfhand and Yoren, 02 April 2012 - 08:21 AM.
1445	Silver Spearwife	2012-04-02	Oh good, the site's back up.
Not how I pictured Dontos, but that doesn't mean he won't be good anyway. That last scene - ohh my goodness, I love it. So, so well done.
It's interesting to see scenes that couldn't be shown in the books, things like any sort of confrontation between Joffrey and Cersei (without Tyrion or Sansa present, which would change the dynamic). And it was cool that that scene was right after the one with Robb and Catelyn, drawing parallels and differences between their relationships.
Craster may not look quite like I picture him, but damn if he didn't pull off "creepy, disgusting old fuck" well. Can't wait to meet Gilly.
But silver. Silver shouldn't have died. If Martin's kept that horse around this long, I can only assume that he has a reason. But I guess he okayed the change? Oh well.
1446	dtones520	2012-04-02	Yeah  I wondered about that too. Dubrovnik is a spectacular place, in fact other worldly. Yet, I tried to pick out some CGI fixup, and could not see it. Something seems disjoint from last season.Maybe we will see it later.You guys realize that kings landing is overlooking Blackwater Bay and the river runs next to it right? The way they portray it is accurate.
1447	Ravenhair	2012-04-02	Quote function isn't working for me--so agreed knew Joffrey never in the books that he was a bastard.  I do not recall him ever questioning Cersei about it.  In fact, in ASoS, Joffrey compares his  grandfather's war prowess unfavorably to that of his father, Robert Baratheon.   They had a snippet of a similar scene between Cersei and Joffrey in the throne room.
					
					
							Edited by Ravenhair, 02 April 2012 - 12:29 PM.
1448	WenchofTarth	2012-04-02	I liked it overall but Ros Queen of Whores was just odd.  The Maester Creesen bit was just rushed and the LF-Ceresi confrontation made LF look foolish, since when does he needle people with what he knows?  Doesn't make him the master manipulator he should be.  The fool having an American flag on his plate was amusing though.
Rest was solid, even will accept what seems to be Joffery killing Roberts bastards instead of Ceresi, the show has decided to humanize her after all and seems to want to throw some of her wickedness onto Joffery instead.
1449	The Faceless One	2012-04-02	GRRM states in a behind the scenes clip that the white ravens mean the change of seasons, not winter only. So I imagine white ravens come before spring and summer too.Ahhh...I wasn't privy to that b-t-s info.  I remember, now, Pycelle saying it marked the end of summer at the Small Council.  The only time I remember reading about one was at the end of ADwD which led me to my conclusion/confusion.  I need to watch more and enjoy it for what it is rather than nitpicking about book details I guess.  Overall, it was a good start to the season.
1450	The Faceless One	2012-04-02	The white raven is presented to us in the ACOK prologue, when Shireen visits Maester Cressen precisely to see the bird. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Ugh. Good catch. Sooo long ago in reading that.  Just forgot and ADwD is fresh in my mind.
1451	Silver Spearwife	2012-04-02	The problem with the Baelish scene is that it takes him out of control. Baelish is never out of control. Cersei pulling a fast one on Petyr? Nonsense. But the scene itself was good, it just gives a sort of incorrect impression (which might not be a bad thing. I've always wondered why characters weren't warier of Petyr, considering how they all know he's a skilled manipulator - this sort of thing may put even readers off his trail).EDIT: Viewers. Viewers off his trail.
					
					
							Edited by Silver Spearwife, 02 April 2012 - 08:26 AM.
1452	Bastard of the White Knife	2012-04-02	Mentioning that his daughters are his wives isn't crazy enough?  Also, I never pictured him as a Walder Frey type, he was a little clean cut perhaps, but I always pictured him as pretty damn good warrior.  He did get some licks in on a lot of nights watchmen in DWD.I agree.  Craster was an older guy, but he's never described as frail, weak, etc.  In fact, he's described in the books as being powerfully built and, like you said, he took out a couple of NW.  I thought he looked right.
1453	Arataniello	2012-04-02	As for Dany's silver, it got her all the way to the House of the Undying Ones, so her horse didn't die in ACoK.She still had it when she freed the slaves in Yunkai or Astapor (I can never keep the slaver cities straight in my mind), and fulfils the vison she has in the House of the Undying.
1454	Boar Hunter	2012-04-02	This wasn't the greatest episode I could have imagined and it all started with the beginning. They should have started with maester cresson and shown the audience something new. Each book's prologues are important and it's not like we had to rush right back into what all interests us, kings landing.re: LF and the notion that they're creating motive for his turn on the Lannisters, rubs me wrong if only because LF's unclear motives are what makes his character great. I will say I laughed out loud when Cersei played with his life like that.Finally, for those of you who remember the book well, could you detail the significant omissions in the show and the additions not from the book? It sure did seem like they were trying to cram a lot into this episode. Hopefully this show doesn't turn into harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2.
1455	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-02	One of my favorite scenes was with Dontos.  At first I was bored because it was just weird acting and I knew the basics of what would happen.  But as the wine was being poured down his throat, I thought, "Ha, they're waterboarding him.."  Then I got a look at his armor and had to rewind.  It's like he's got the American flag.  Can't help but wonder if the producers are making a wee political statement there. 
I really liked the scene with Littlefinger and Cersei.  It reminded viewers what type of power LF has and that his motives are often unclear, but I think the scene was more about Cersei.  She talks about power being power but the only real power she displayed was the ability to have paid loyalty.  When we first see her in the episode, she's at the head of the small council but her power there falters when Tyrion shows up.  In the small council meeting, she reminds the audience and Slynt that his wealth comes directly from her thus his loyalty belongs to her.  What happens when that isn't there?  She doesn't even have complete power over Joffrey after he put her on notice.  I think that scene is particularly amusing for the book readers because we know that when Tyrion  starts breaking apart her team of paid mercenaries is when she really starts to falter. 
I generally like Ros.  In Season 1, we learn a lot about some characters through her interactions with them.  We also learn that she probably knows a lot about Winterfell and the north and that she collects secrets while whoring.  I think her being Madame Whore Trainer in this episode gave an indication of where her story can go. They didn't use Jeyne Poole for whatever reason and they made a big deal about Arya being missing.  Ros the Whore Trainer could become Ros the Arya Trainer.  Littlefinger has a gold mine with all the knowledge Ros carries.
1456	Lord Varys	2012-04-02	Stannis stuff:
- I really don't like Stannis. Despite the fact that I do like Stannis in the books. Which is a good thing. The guy is really not that sympathetic, and that's what he is supposed to be.
- I liked him stretching out his hand toward Selyse without actually taking it. Stannis might be an asshole, but he keeps up appearances and never actually humiliates his wife in front of the public.
- I'm glad they kept in the line about Ser Jaime the Kingslayer. It tells so much about him.
- But I must say deciding to open the series not on Dragonstone was a huge mistake. And introducing Stannis and Melisandre without talking about him first is also quite stupid. Giving us a scene with Cressen, Shireen, and Davos at the rookery would not have been this bad. It could have introduced the end of summer much better, and also give us a glimpse about what happened on Dragonstone (i.e. the rise of Melisande, and the fact that the Stormlords declared for Renly).
- Changing the story so that Stannis learned from Ned's letter about the incest is a good thing. Thus it makes more sense that Stannis does not attack KL at once. If he does not now the truth, he would have had no reason to raise his bannermen and hire Salladhor Saan.
1457	Frey Pie	2012-04-02	Overall an excellent start to the series.I know alotta people are complaining over varoius bit but what we have to remember is they have to field to bookreaders and non-bookreaders.
Firstly-just me or is Dany after getting way hotter /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> ?The scene with her and Rakharo shows how desperate a situation shes in.She has nowhere to go but forward but cant go blindly and so must trust others.The loss of her silver is to show viewers she has to make her own way now and cant rely on Drogo or his memory for anything.
The scene with Sansa and Dontos-Sansa reminds me of Daniel Radcliffe in Harry Potter.As if shes not acting but merely reciting lines she learnt.Which is exactly the way shes supposed to be.Note:Radcliff got better as the movies went on
Joffrey-everyone hates him.Only his mother loves him and thats what the viewers show when he defies her-what a brat he is.The actor couldnt be better.The way he treats Dontos and Sansa is all a nudge to what were supposed to feel for him.Contrast this to Robb.Robb shows strength command and love.The contarst in family and person is what were ment to see here.So everyones rooting for Robb and then....we all know what happens.Grey wolf was superb.Jaime was cool as always but was trumped by Robb in this scene.Theon seemed heartfelt which is what will incense the viewer even more later.Its like the scene in season one where Cersei talks about loosing her firstborn by robert.Wer all like aww poor Cersei but the bitch did it herself.I think the directors are setting up the viewers in an even bigger way to be rooting for house stark.
Cersei seems to have grown into her role.I dont mind the scene with LF.LF and Varys rule the shadows,they dont have a large following.Everyone will tink Petyrs weak after this which is what the directors want.Also they couldnt show Joffs idiocy and Tyrions brilliance without making Cersei look foolish.This was her way of saving face.BTW that little girl that was shown scrubbing the floor twice-Varys' spy or Jeyne Poole?Petyr sees her and is this where he gets the idea of using Jeyne as Arya?She looks very like Arya in her scenes
Tyrion-brilliant
Stannis-just what you want.Same with Davos.Davos should be this seasons Ned for morality.Lightbringer was left behind by Stannis in the books but it was his squire who picked it up.Mels good enough so far.I like her accent as she should sound different to the others.Cressen was well enough presented.Overall hes a minor character whos around to show us Mels power.This will be shown at SEs later i feel.Dragonstone looked excellent in the credits and in real time.
The massacre of the children-great addition.Makes us hate Slynt which is what is ment.Otherwise non-bookreaders would be like whos Slynt?Also another reason for the mob attaccks we should see later on.Very forceful scene.As for the sex-i have no problems with a bitta hoohaa /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> !!Needless for some but it will appeal to some viewers
Jon-the weakest part was Craster.The axe was a let down-not  impressive looking at all.Nice scene with Jeor and Jon however.Great looking setting.Sam loves the ladies
As for all the hopping about-whod be happier if we didnt see any Dany or Jon or Tyrion?They did what was needed in my opinion.Looking forward to seeing renly and margaery.
My only problems are Shae and the lack of Tullys.Not impressed with Shae and never was last season either.The Tullys are integral to the story.Robb needed them as much as any of his bannermen.If he wernt defending the riverlands he should have just fortified the north and declared independance.You just cant leave them out,money problems or no money problems
Apologies for the long post /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
					
					
							Edited by Frey Pie, 02 April 2012 - 09:37 AM.
1458	Ser Greguh	2012-04-02	Short review: I enjoyed it unconditionally.Regarding individual scenes, I'll start with Littlefinger/Cersei.First off, having watched the scene a few times I think the goofy voice discrepancies are due to slightly sloppy ADR.  I'm about 90% that the wide shot that opens the scene is looped and they didn't do a great job with matching it to the later sequences (which are not looped), which may be the actor's fault but may also be the result or poor sound editing.Second, I find all the claims of "LF wouldn't possibly be so stupid!" to be a little off base.  For all the negative attention his brothel "training" scene received last season, it seems more than a little funny to me that so many people have catastrophically missed his central point conveyed in it, which is that nobody will believe him if he's not behaving like a snarky, untrustworthy scoundrel, but that his talent is in getting people to believe that he's *their* untrustworthy scoundrel, a kind of seduction that mimics what he's teaching his prostitutes.  This scene was something of a failed inroad along those lines, indicating that the tricks that workes so spectacularly well with Ned won't work with Cersei; she's too paranoid to believe that he's on her side no matter what, so his prodding as to the rumors of Cersei's relationship with Jaime and the fact that he knows the truth of it is completely in character with what's established in Show!Petyr thusfar, particularly given that Cersei goaded him by mentioning his one weak spot, Catelyn.  It's not exactly the same character as Book!Petyr but it never has been, and frankly I think a direct translation of Book!Petyr would be disastrously transparent and not worked nearly as well to anyone but the most stingy of book purists.The scene also nicely conveyed one side of the show's clear primary theme, power, and nicely differentiated the (rather direct and clumsy) way that Cersei wields hers from the more subtle forms conveyed by Littlefinger, Varys, and Tyrion.  I didn't get a vibe of them "setting up Littlefinger's eventual betrayal of the Lannisters" at all.Re. Maester Cressen / DragonstoneFirst of all I really loved the scene on the beach, just beautifully shot, with Stephen Dillane giving a fantastically stuffy and unconvincing echo of Melisandre's "The night is dark and full of terrors."  I also thought the scene where Stannis is dictating changes to his spam raven-mail to be absolutely pitch-perfect, literally could not have been better.All that said, Cressen's arc was clearly rushed, and didn't come out nearly as effective as it might have been as a result.  I understand why they didn't open with the exact prologue (I like the prologue, but it's also huge and if filmed in its entirety would have been like half an episode), but I think if they could have possibly squeezed one more scene in, perhaps a scene that is just between Cressen and Davos (I'm thinking specifically of their conversation on the stairs), it would have made it work much better.  It's a shame.Though the POV shot as Cressen dies, and the ruby on Mel's necklace growing, was perfect.Re. DontosThis was easily my least favorite part of the episode.  Dontos came off as just a moron when he should have been completely blotto on wine, and he seemed incredibly nonchalant about having been nearly killed.  It's going to be difficult to buy this guy as the self-imagined tragic hero that thinks he can save Sansa from King's Landing.  I don't think the actor is right and I don't think that that aspect of the scene was well-written.  Kind of like the discovery of the direwolves in S1, I felt like it was just ticking off a necessary plot point and that the scene would have needed just a little more space and a few more lines back and forth to breathe correctly.  Far from fatal to the episode as a whole but it could have been much better.I *totally* don't get the Sansa hate from certain corners.  Sophie Turner played it perfectly.Re. CrasterWhat's this crap about how he should look like a Frey?  Read his chapters again.  He's big and powerful.  I also disagree that he was "too clean" - he's cleaner than described in the books, but I think that's just a book-to-screen translation thing.  The visual translation of this clean-cut guy who's doing all of these vile things, against all the dirty Night's Watch people that are living up to this nobel ideal, is too potent to pass up.  Also it makes sense that he's a bit clean & pampered given that he has all these women to take care of him.James Cosmo (Mormont) also killed it in his scenes.  Dude's a boss.  Glad to see him promoted to the main credits.Re. The Cleansing of the BastardsIt was definitely Cersei that gave the order in the books, and I'm 95% that they're changing it to Joffrey in the show, which I'm actually okay with.  Partly it's a consequence of aging up the character.  Book!Cersei was largely indifferent to Joff's unchecked sadism and in certain ways coddled it, while it looks like Show!Cersei is being portrayed as being aware of it but completely impotent to stop it, which makes the dynamic a bit more sympathetic to Cersei, which I'm okay with, and highlights her overall incompetence while lessening her own viciousness.  I think that's in line with where she eventually lines up (once she is actually in power for real) and I think it's as good a take on the character as the show could probably do.The scene itself, particularly the scene in the brothel, was effectively brutal, a fantastic "holy shit" hook to lead in to the next episode.  It was a fantastic touch to show the goldcloak that was unable to kill the child, and have Janos Slynt have to do the deed himself (an obvious redundancy with the book character of Allar Deem), which sets him up nicely for non-reader viewers as a fantastically effective tertiary villain.  Was it the same goldcloak that had the same "OMFG what have I become?" look on his face as he held back the mob while they carried the dead infant out of the brothel?  I don't know, it's too hard to tell with those damn uniforms, but regardless, that was the best part of that scene.Re. RosI didn't harbor the Ros hate that many seemed to last season, and I think that Esme Bianco did a very good job in the role.  She's obviously now in the Chataya role, which was unexpected (I expected her to take over Alayaya's spot), and it's possible they're morphing the Chataya/Alayaya role into one that she's handling, which I think is fine.  Already a Madam (and, FFS, do we really have people calling her a "Queen whore or whatever"?  It's a Madam, people), like Littlefinger himself her rise has been swift and merit-based.Re. JoffreyFirst, Jack Gleeson is killing it in the role.  Holy crap.  He just has Joffrey's mannerisms down perfectly, the arrogant sneer could not be any more practiced and effortless.  I have a feeling it's only going to get better.  David & Dan are not stupid.  They know that Joffrey is probably the character that most viewers are responding most to, and they're going to milk it for all it's worth.  He may well be the mosted hated character in television history by the end of the season, which is as it should be, the little shit.Re. TyrionSpeaking of killing it, Dinklage is, I think, going to give us a complete fucking tour de force this year that makes his Emmy-winning turn last year look amateurish in comparison.  It's all about the material, of course; ACOK is very much Tyrion's book, and his chapters in Book 2 are my favorite in the series.  You can just see his command of the character, and the scene that really stood out was in his conversation with Cersei when she tells him that Arya escaped.  Such a perfect take.Unfortunately I don't know if his Emmy win can be repeated since there's just no way he's a "supporting actor" any more.  First billing in the credits likely means he'll be competing with people with alliterative names come awards season (Don Draper, Walter White) and it's tough to win against an alliteratively-named character.  It is known.Re. DanyI actually did get a bit of a romantic vibe between Dany and Rakharo, not so much in that she wants anything to happen but that she knows her hold is so tenuous that she's willing to milk a bloodrider's unrequited feelings for her.  A brief scene in any case.  Also, yay dragons!  Drogon looked fantastic.  I noticed they had a separate "dragon unit" and "wolf unit" listed in the credits.  Heh.Re. RobbRichard Madden is an effective badass.  The scene where he dominates the shit out of Jaime was nicely played.  The scene between him and Catelyn was also fantastic.  There's still a hint of child left (he raises his voice to her, which as king of course he should never have to do), and that perfectly sells his sending her off to treat with Renly, nicely mirroring the book (as Catelyn thinks to herself, Kings were not meant to have mothers).And I don't care what tricks they used to get Grey Wind on screen like that, it was awesome.
1459	boojam	2012-04-02	Poor silver horse.By the by some rich merchant gonna give Dany a replacement, she , well seems, kind of needs it later.
1460	boojam	2012-04-02	Thought D&D said they could not find a White Crow?
That was either an albino crow or the CGI people are even better geniuses that I thought possible!
1461	legba11	2012-04-02	Re: Ros's rise to power.
I stand by my thoughts last season that she was a LF spy in Winterfell whom he recalled when he realized he needed more help in King's Landing and Winterfell was basically pointless when Robb called his banners. (for his plots) Certainly a whore wouldn't do much spying on Bran or a Maester. (yes intentionally ironic here considering Pycelle's scene in 1.10).  LF sees he needs to get out of King's Landing and needs someone he trusts to keep his money flowing in.  He instructs her in Season 1, now she is instructing the whores.  LF is ascending and needs someone to fill the void he is leaving behind.
1462	oba	2012-04-02	One small question,How did Osha, a wildling, know that the comet signified the return of the dragons?  Was this mentioned in the books?In the books, Old Nan is the one who tells Bran that the comet = dragons.  Books!Osha tells Bran that the comet signifies blood and fire.When Bran repeated that to Osha, she laughed aloud. "Your wolves have more wit than your maester," the wildling woman said. "They know truths the grey man has forgotten." The way she said it made him shiver, and when he asked what the comet meant, she answered, "Blood and fire, boy, and nothing sweet."Bran asked Septon Chayle about the comet while they were sorting through some scrolls snatched from the library fire. "It is the sword that slays the season," he replied, and soon after the white raven came from Oldtown bringing word of autumn, so doubtless he was right.Though Old Nan did not think so, and she'd lived longer than any of them. "Dragons," she said, lifting her head and sniffing. She was near blind and could not see the comet, yet she claimed she could smell it. "It be dragons, boy," she insisted. Bran got no princes from Nan, no more than he ever had.
1463	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-02	The only jarring part for me was the Dragonstone rush. If I didn't already know what Cressen was playing at with the wine, that would've been a massive wtf moment.
Still, great episode. Jaime's line about Robb's apparent lack of interest in women was awesome. <3
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 02 April 2012 - 10:18 AM.
1464	Rockroi	2012-04-02	Events in episode 3 should be enough to shade any personal motive for his actions, and even that's not really needed. So, no, I don't buy that episode 1's Littlefinger-Cersei scene was requiredVery few additional scenes are "required" otherwise they would have been in the books.  The additional scenes are to add context and meat to issues that take some bit longer to explain in the books.  They also provide a glimpse into relationships we were not privy to in the books (the most notable being the complex Robert-Cersei relationship in GoT and the added "Five v. One" scene).  While I agree that scene was not "required" as a scene it worked insofar as it conveyed what it hoped to convey.It seems to me that mostly is just exists to get out the knowledge is power vs. power is power dichotomy. Cersei has plenty of opportunities this season to chew the scenery and get across the same idea.But that requires us all to wait until Episode 3 or later.  The reality is that the viewer needs to be reorientated very quickly and putting Cersei in her proper context has to be done quickly.  Also, not a lot happens in the opening pages of CoK; now is a good time to do it.And finally, we need to interject some reality into this.  Its a TV show.  HBO has to pay these actors (IIRC they have to pay the credited actors- the actors whose names appear in the opening credits) whether they appear in the episode or not.  They might as well get their money's worth.  Further, the actors themselves want to be in the damn show!  Hence a few scenes here or there to get them in the show and make them earn their keep.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 02 April 2012 - 10:22 AM.
1465	Jaxom 1974	2012-04-02	Firat impressions before reading the rest of the thread to see other reactions:
* Small disappointment in the introduction of Stannis.  I would have liked something closer to the prelude in the book, if only because it's impact of his entry onto the grand stage had a little more impact.  For me, specifically, the biggest issue was it's placement in the show.  It needed to be first too, in my opinion.
* Craster the character seemed off, but the keep was closer to what I expected.  There was a lack of menace though.
* Adding any scenes with Jaime outside of the book is going to, sadly, feel forced as a reason to get the actor some screen time.  Not having him at Riverrun really dimishes the impact of his captivity and will, as it seems to me right now, lessen the impact of Cat'se decision at the end.
* LOVED Tyrion.  Dinklage is owning the roll and it's hard not to see him in my mind's eye when reading through the series now.
* The show is taking a distinctly different tact with Joffrey than the books.  Having the scene with Cersei and the ambiguity of who has sent the Gold Cloaks after the bastards gives him an air of logical, albeit twisted, frame of though rather than the petulant child he is in the books.  It will be interesting to see where it goes.
Now I'm off to check the rest of the thread!
1466	Ser Greguh	2012-04-02	Re: Ros's rise to power.I stand by my thoughts last season that she was a LF spy in Winterfell whom he recalled when he realized he needed more help in King's Landing and Winterfell was basically pointless when Robb called his banners. (for his plots) Certainly a whore wouldn't do much spying on Bran or a Maester. (yes intentionally ironic here considering Pycelle's scene in 1.10).  LF sees he needs to get out of King's Landing and needs someone he trusts to keep his money flowing in.  He instructs her in Season 1, now she is instructing the whores.  LF is ascending and needs someone to fill the void he is leaving behind.Oh, I don't doubt that Ros is an informant for LF.  I would say that the Pycelle/Ros scene in E10 certainly suggests that Pycelle may believe that she's spying on him, given that he keeps up his Doddering Old Fool act around her and drops it immediately after she leaves.  As to whether or not she was spying for LF while up in Winterfell, it's hard to say, no real evidence for or against IMO.  I don't know how much good information she'd actually be privy to that LF would actually care about - LF doesn't give two shits for, say, Theon, she's not allowed in the castle (Theon has to sneak her in), and the logistics of getting messages from Winterfell to KL would be daunting (though Varys obviously has some method).  But I also seriously doubt that she's LF's only prostitute informant, so I think her rise still has to be more merit-based than by virtue of special favors done for him.  He sees she's clever and he needs someone in the role, so she gets the job.Also, I liked the little touch of her specifying that it's nice to see Janos Slynt "again."  He's clearly a regular customer there.
1467	Lannes	2012-04-02	My single complaint with the episode is that Craster should have been far, far more nasty, disgusting, filthy, etc......
At least the creepy factor came through.
1468	dtones520	2012-04-02	My single complaint with the episode is that Craster should have been far, far more nasty, disgusting, filthy, etc......At least the creepy factor came through.For the average viewer, Craster being a little clean cut and more normal makes the fact that he is banging his daughters more creepy. At least in my opinion.
1469	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-02	My single complaint with the episode is that Craster should have been far, far more nasty, disgusting, filthy, etc......Why? It seemed like he was living in a well-researched sort of Anglo-saxon longhouse place. Craster is a disgusting person because of what he does, not his house, which is probably a fairly typical wildling dwelling.
1470	Baitac	2012-04-02	*bawls* My HBO Go account (technically my mom's, I'm in college) won't work right. It's Comcast screwing up but this sucks. This was totally supposed to be the highlight of my weekend!What is it with Comcast??? Same thing happened to my college kids.
1471	Zar Lannister	2012-04-02	So...was it Joffrey that ordered the killing of Robert's bastards or Cersei? I'm honestly unsure what direction the show meant to take there. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Poor Barra. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />You know, I kinda liked the TV Cersei version, though they are toning down her evildom.
1472	Zar Lannister	2012-04-02	I have to say I am also kind of happy that PATCHFACE wasn't around. He creeps the hell out of me.
1473	areacode201	2012-04-02	Did it bother anyone else that the episode was not a full hour? It seemed to me like it only lasted 50 to 55 minutes. I know it doesn't sound like a huge loss, but another 5 minutes of footage could have cured many of the ills that have been discussed here. In 5 minutes we could have had some more introduction of Cressen and Davos, etc. As much as I liked the episode, I felt gypped out of a few more minutes.
1474	Bolivar	2012-04-02	Short: Loved the episode, GoT still one of the premier shows on television, but as a fan I'm puzzled by some of the choices.Long: Seriously, WTF...I'm concerned the writing is becoming gratuitous and self-indulgent in the show much earlier than it has happened in the books. What I mean is that D&D have "A Feast for Crows"-ed themselves - they know what their fans want, and they're giving them more of it, but there's too many plot threads for them to adequately make an episode (book in Martin's case) stand on its own with a beginning, middle, and end in a satisfying narrative fashion. Like on the site's review, Ep 1 just rapidly cut from plot thread to plot thread to plot thread with little cohesiveness. Ironically, they may have to geographically isolate episodes in order to have actual structure.It's compounded with scenes feeling like glutinous fan-service. I don't understand why you would throw in the LF-Cersei scene or up Ros' character in order to skimp on the powerful moments ACoK leads off with. In fact, why would you even waste time creating the Ros character when you've omitted The Blackfish, Edmure Tully, or the early appearances of Roose Bolton and Podrick Payne. Lastly about Ros, I've read all the books, I understand the important purpose sex serves in understanding Westeros, but the pornographic flesh-slapping sounds in the scene were extremely tasteless for film/television and cheapened the integrity of the show for me.I know it's an enigmatic undertaking, to create a derivative work of something - you want it to stand on its own but also fit the narrative strengths of the medium. But I was perplexed as to why so much was different from the books. As a reader, it contrasts just how better the writing and scene direction is in the novels. The point of making a derivative work is because of how strong the source material is, and that came to life with a lot of the matching dialogue in the first season's script. But why would you write a new interaction with Tyrion and Cersei when you had comedic gold like "it's unfair that you should open your legs for one brother and not for the other" in the books. Another example is The Hound - he detests knights and takes no part in the false romanticism of the tournament. Yet, the show opens with him doing just that. I understand maybe they don't have time to build on his character and needed to do it in this way, but why would you worry about time constraints and then fabricate redundant, self-indulgent scenes or entire characters?I do like the show, the episode that aired last night, and just how amazing the visuals are. I never knew how to imagine Craster in my head, but I really like what they did for him here. At the same time, I'm seriously worried that they won't be able to make an effective episode with so many stories going on. There's going to be a tension between the scenes they have to make in order to adapt the series and the scenes they want to make because Entertainment Weekly and TV Guide found them sexy, trendy, and "cutting-edge." I simply cannot believe they can pull off the Dorne, Iron Islands, Samwell, and Brienne arcs in AFfC if they're already struggling with the existing cast, while insisting on fabricating scenes and characters of their own.GoT might be a 2-seasoner.
1475	Recentiy03	2012-04-02	Two quick questions:
Which one was Dolorous Ed? Somehow I missed him.
And what happened to Roy Dotrice? I thought he was slated to play Maester Cressen.
1476	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	Two quick questions:Which one was Dolorous Ed? Somehow I missed him.And what happened to Roy Dotrice? I thought he was slated to play Maester Cressen.Dolorous Edd walks with Jon when they arrive at Cressen's house. They fit in his "...later I came onto hard times" bit there.Roy Dotrice plays the pyromancer Hallyne.
1477	Fire_Kiss	2012-04-02	Hi I'm back! 
What the heck is up with this website? It took me all morning just to read this thread, because I keep getting "website is offline, have a handy cached page-oops, just kidding, no pages are cached. 
Anyways... On to the episode: 
Â<U+0095> why was the white raven so small? It's supposed to be the biggest raven you ever saw-but white! 
Â<U+0095> the fact that the Hound fought in Joff's tourney irks me. It's completely opposite his charecter. 
Â<U+0095> why was Crastor paying so much attention to Jon? That scene was really wonky for me. Especially how Mormont pushed Jon up against the wall afterwards... 
I watched HBO's "inside the episode" and they discuss this scene. Apparently Jon opened his big mouth-but I swear he didn't do anything wrong! Please enlighten me. 
Â<U+0095> Dany looks like a proper warrior princess, and Drogon looks fab. Props to the horse who played Silver, because I didn't know you could train a horse to just fall down and "die". 
Â<U+0095> as annoyed as I was with Ros in season 1, I find myself warming to her in season 2. I can see a place for her as brothel matron, and she's a pretty good actress, too. 
Â<U+0095> Peter D rocks my socks right off. As far as I'm concerned, HBO could make this "Tyrion Lannister's Amazing Adventures in Westeros" and I would still watch. 
Â<U+0095> Last but not least: Cersei playing "Simon says" with her retinue of guards was absurd. Perfectly absurd. It shows how spectacularly awful Cersei is at playing this game. "power is power"? No, my sweet Cersei, you only think you know what power is. Watch as all you love turns to ashes. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1478	Happy Ent	2012-04-02	Cressen was a bit too much of a hero here. In the book, he tries to murder Mel, and Mel gives him a fair chance to opt out of the whole charade.In the adaptation, he gives his life willingly, and Mel lets him die. Of course, the book chapter is written from Cressenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s POV, so Mel still comes off as hostileâ<U+0080>¦ Hm. I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know. Probably good enough for TV, and the white-washing of a tertiary character is forgivable. (Cressen certainly views himself as a hero in the books.)The series already shows sign of too much fan service. Cersei and Jaime seems to be really popular characters with audiences, so Cersei gets to be much nicer, and Jaime even gets screen time!. Clearly, the writers arenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to follow the books and let Jaime rot in a cell off-stage until Cat confronts him the last episode. Instead, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to show up each and every week, probably as a foil for Robb. Expect lots of scowling. I predict Cat sets him free much earlier than in the books, his travelogue with Brienne is completely plot-unrelated and makes for good, episodic TV of no consequence. They can have J&amp;B frolic in the Riverlands for 2 seasons without big timeline problems. Perfect for TV.The tits and ass are just and embarrassment. Nice shots of the heart tree in Winterfell. Also, heartbreaking statue massacre.Edit: Oh, one more thing. I like book Dontos a lot better. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actually a sad alcoholic from the start. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s interesting. Here, he just becomes another victim of EEEEVIL Joffrey. Boring.
					
					
							Edited by Happy Ent, 02 April 2012 - 11:24 AM.
1479	boojam	2012-04-02	Conleth Hill gets only one or is it two sentences?
Funny,Robert Pugh is my image of Craster.
Always took Craster to crude but shrewd.
Seemed fine to me.
Thought that his keep would not need as much patching up to keep the cold out, windings can't be that chill tolerant.
1480	BabyMeraxes	2012-04-02	WHERE WAS BABY SHEREEN? I was super excited to see Patchface, I really wanted to hear his helm rang-a-dong-dangin. UGH! Correct me if I'm wrong, but we won't see Melisandre again until episode 4, right? I'm still excited for next week, don't get it twisted.
1481	dtones520	2012-04-02	Did it bother anyone else that the episode was not a full hour? It seemed to me like it only lasted 50 to 55 minutes. I know it doesn't sound like a huge loss, but another 5 minutes of footage could have cured many of the ills that have been discussed here. In 5 minutes we could have had some more introduction of Cressen and Davos, etc. As much as I liked the episode, I felt gypped out of a few more minutes.Every episode of Game of Thrones has been about 50-55 minutes.
1482	Vandalism	2012-04-02	Episode 1 is just to get things off smoothly. A spark to ignite the fire.
1483	Fire_Kiss	2012-04-02	Every episode of Game of Thrones has been about 50-55 minutes.But at least one of those minutes was devoted to what happened last season. In the words of Randall Graves: "I want my 8 bucks back" That was sarcasm. Just in case someone feels flamey
1484	Lannes	2012-04-02	Why? It seemed like he was living in a well-researched sort of Anglo-saxon longhouse place. Craster is a disgusting person because of what he does, not his house, which is probably a fairly typical wildling dwelling.It may just be me, but I get far more dirt on me working around my horse farm for a few hours than Craster had on him.He just didn't look like what I pictured a depraved, incestuous, lives-with-pigs Wilding looks like.......
					
					
							Edited by Lannes, 02 April 2012 - 11:37 AM.
1485	ipsuel	2012-04-02	Episode 1 is just to get things off smoothly. A spark to ignite the fire.I agree -- and honestly, I think it set the players just where they need to be to kick things off. I wasn't thrilled with the episode (the changes were irksome, but once i resigned myself to them, they were fine)--but I think it set the stage for a great season. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1486	dtones520	2012-04-02	It may just be me, but I get far more dirt on me working around my horse farm for a few hours than Craster had on him.He just didn't look like what I pictured a depraved, incestuous, lives-with-pigs Wilding looks like.......Craster is never described as dirty and grimey in the books. He is described as old, white haired, and powerful. He doesn't really seem like he does a lot of the dirty work around his keep. I always pictured him as a guy who sat around drinking, eating, and creeping on his wives. Which is exactly how they portrayed him in the show.
					
					
							Edited by dtones520, 02 April 2012 - 11:42 AM.
1487	Westerosi Dude	2012-04-02	Could I just quickly ask:Is there a summary of the events of Season 1 shown at the start of S2 Ep1? Because I'm in the UK and will be watching it in just over 2 hours with family members who haven't read the books, so I was going to show them a recap summary trailer of S1 on Youtube before they watched it, but I won't bother if it actually shows something similar at the start of the episode.
1488	dtones520	2012-04-02	Yes there is Westerosi Dude.
1489	Ser Greguh	2012-04-02	Yeah, there's a real quick (like <2 min) summary of S1 shown before the start of the episode.
1490	BronnFan	2012-04-02	Could I just quickly ask:Is there a summary of the events of Season 1 shown at the start of S2 Ep1? Because I'm in the UK and will be watching it in just over 2 hours with family members who haven't read the books, so I was going to show them a recap summary trailer of S1 on Youtube before they watched it, but I won't bother if it actually shows something similar at the start of the episode.Show them that one on YT. The recap before the first episode was very short and I don't think would be much help to any completely new viewer.
1491	nara	2012-04-02	I just finished the episode and loved it!The LF/Cersei scene was supposed to mirror last season where the Goldcloaks obeyed her instead of Ned-she's reminding him who's in charge and it seemed she came prepared with that in mind.I just glanced over the scene in ACoK where Tyrion sends Slynt to the Wall-here's no confirmation that the order to kill Robert's bastards was given by Cersei. Joff on the other hand has sent a hired knife after at least one child.Moreover,now that I think about it-why bother killing them now? She's seized power snd the commons have already heard about the incest.I agree, there is no confirmation that she did it, although the guy who rescued Gendry and Arya (Yoren, I think) certainly thought so.  Also, I don't remember Cersei mentioning killing Robert's kids in her POV.  (Someone, please let me know if I'm mistaken.)  She might be capable of killing them without any regrets, but I can't imagine that it wouldn't come up in her thoughts sometimes.  i always thought that this was like Lysa's letter accusing the Lannisters of killing Jon Arryn and that this was not one of Cersei's crimes.As for Lena's acting, I thought she was great in Season 1 also and that the restraint was deliberate.  She was the wife of the king and very aware of her lack of power.  Like Sansa's she armored herself with this cool exterior.  Now that Robert is gone and she THINKS she is in charge, she's free to be herself and let her crazy show. BTW, is anyone else happy that they made Cersei's hair more golden this season?  It's petty, I know, but that really bugged me last season!  Now, if they could get to work on Jaime.
1492	gramblor	2012-04-02	I think a lot of people are being completely unrealistic with their expectations of the show. They have 10 hours in a season to portray the events that take place in aCoK. This being said, when people are complaining that they didn't get the emotional feeling behind Maester Cressen's death, would you have preferred that they spent the entire episode on him to have people feel bad that he died and Mel lived?
Be reasonable, I think that the show did what was necessary in order to engage the audience and introduce the new characters and create some form of understanding their roles. Obviously they will be broadened as the season continues. Lets not forget that they have to hook the population that haven't read the books yet either.
That being said, I think the episode was well done, and that while there was some stuff in the show that I think could have been done differently, I am super stoked/happy that the show is back on and can't wait to continue watching and enjoying. The show is a privilege, not a right. There is no need for everyone to be saying "this show is such a disappointment"
1493	Ser Greguh	2012-04-02	There is no need for everyone to be saying "this show is such a disappointment"Nah, if people are disappointed by the show they have every right to say so.  It's just that in this case I think it will generally trend to saying more about them than about the show.
1494	Anduin Lothar	2012-04-02	Kind of disturbed about the baby killing scene with Barra.  I felt they could used that time for Arya or Gendry.  Some people are more or less prone to baby killings then others but that was just my reaction.  If they hadn't included that scene I would of enjoyed it.
					
					
							Edited by Anduin Lothar, 02 April 2012 - 11:55 AM.
1495	So1ar	2012-04-02	I loved the first episode. The only problem I have is another whore try-out scene. I don't mind sex scenes but sticking a tit in my face just for the sake of it is annoying. But I digress, it's nice to see what Ros looks like with clothes on.
Also, I don't get the hate some people have for this show and it's characters. Do some of you realize what a miracle it is that our little book series is being brought to life by HBO? Or that fact that 99.9% of the actors are perfect for their roles? I'm not saying we should worship this show and only talk about positives. But my god, who cares if Maester Cressen (a character who lasts a whole 12 pages) isn't fleshed out enough at the expense of other characters losing screen time. And Craster isn't dirty enough for you? He's going to last what? 10 minutes this season? I know we all have our favorite characters and envision in them in magical ways, but be realistic.
1496	Snowman3131	2012-04-02	Kind of disturbed about the baby killing scene with Barra.  I felt they could used that time for Arya or Gendry.  Some people are more or less prone to baby killings then others but that was just my reaction.  If they hadn't included that scene I would of enjoyed it.I agree, but it appears they are building up Slynt to be more hated.In Ch. 8 CoC, they allude to Cersi ordering the bastards dead, but there is no confirmation who did it. Doesn't the murder of the bastards actually make the incest more believable? Why would someone NOT guilty try to hide all the bastards with "black of hair"? I wouldn't be surprised if LF didn't order it himself. Doesn't he pay the City Watch in the first place?
1497	Chelly	2012-04-02	I really liked it. Premieres are always a little rougher than the following episodes because it involves setting up stories, establishing new characters, and reintroducing the older characters. So, I though it was great. I watched it twice already. I liked it better than "Winter is Coming".
Lena Headey is looking especially beautiful this season as Cersei. She is much more fiery like the Cersei from the books. I love her scenes with Tyrion and Joff. The look on her face when she confessed to Tyrion that she did not have Arya was priceless. I really can't stand Cersei in the books, but on the tv show I see her as more human. Peter Dinklage is still killing it as Tyrion, so is Jack Gleeson as Joff. Jack Gleeson can really hold his own and outshine some of the older more established actors in the series.
Robb came off as a little arrogant in his scene with Catelyn, but I thought he was pretty arrogant in the book as well. I like Robb enough, but boy did I want Catelyn to smack him upside the head in the book. On the show, I found myself to be more understanding of Robb's reasoning. Richard Madden and Michelle Fairley have great chemistry(ew, not like that!) as mother and son. Catelyn's line about the rats in KL made me chuckle. Oh, btw, Robb, if your mother is telling you that Balon Greyjoy is not trustworthy, you might do well to listen. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
I loved the added scene with Theon and Robb. Robb telling Theon he doesn't have to use formalities when nobody is around made me like Robb a little more. It was kind of touching, and I do believe Theon, at this point, wants to truly help Robb. He's so wrong to assume his father would be like Ned Stark and listen to him, though. It just solidifies the fact of how detached Theon clearly is from his people and family.
The bastard massacre was horrifying and the worst thing I have seen on tv. I couldn't bare to watch the scene with the young brothel girl and little Barra. Her frantic screaming as they ripped her baby away and butchered was sickening. The boy they were drowning and the toddler being carried away by its legs was too disturbing. Janos is a bigger monster on the show than he is in the book, I think.
No Arya and Gendry until the end /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> . Hopefully there will be more of them next week and maybe we get a glimpse of Jaqen!
1498	Anduin Lothar	2012-04-02	I agree, but it appears they are building up Slynt to be more hated.In Ch. 8 CoC, they allude to Cersi ordering the bastards dead, but there is no confirmation who did it. Doesn't the murder of the bastards actually make the incest more believable? Why would someone NOT guilty try to hide all the bastards with "black of hair"? I wouldn't be surprised if LF didn't order it himself. Doesn't he pay the City Watch in the first place?I would hate to be that actor during that scene.  Not judging.
					
					
							Edited by Anduin Lothar, 02 April 2012 - 12:20 PM.
1499	Arya The Assassin	2012-04-02	First impressions:Good:The orchestration for the opening theme seemed slightly different compared to season 1. The end title theme was superior to the one we heard in the first episode in season one (same theme but better orchestration. Djawadi had very limited time when scoring the first season).The actor who played Craster was very good. He was relatively low key, and yet he was intense and scary.I'm not 100% sure if the full shots of Robb's wolf was CG or not, but it did seem like CG. If that's indeed true, then they did a very good job (I'm quite certain the first closeup of the wolf's mirror image in the water was CG, though). In general, I think the CG creatures (wolf and dragon) were very well done, especially when you consider the budget of the TV-series (in fact, they compare favourably to the CG creatures I've seen in many higher budget feature films).I guess I'm one of the few who actually like Ros. She's not only attractive, but I like her attitude and persona.The cinematography was very good. The wide open scenery shots were awesome. I also liked the dynamic, subjective camerawork in some of the scenes.I liked Carice as Melisandre. Perhaps the actress could have been younger and more sexually attractive (in the books I get the impression that she's very sexy and seductive), but I'd rather have an attractive actress with Carice's acting talent than a 'bombshell' that can't act. The casting directors have made the right priorities here, the way I see it.Gleeson is really good as Joffrey. Joffrey is the kind of character than can easily look shallow or two-dimensional in the hands of a less gifted actor.Bad:I'm not too happy about the actress who plays Shae (I didn't like her in the first season either). Perhaps she'll improve later this season, I hope so. Some of the actors I wasn't too excited about in the beginning of season one have steadily improved (Emilia Clarke, Lena Headey).I was hoping to see a bit more of Arya, one of my favourite characters. However, I realize that the writers needed to cover several bases in the first episode, so to speak, so they probably decided that Arya's story could wait (I don't quite remember, but I think we don't see that much of Arya in the beginning of A Clash Of Kings anyway).Overall I found this first episode of season two to be quite enjoyable. I wasn't bored for a moment and there were several good scenes (Night Watch's visit to Craster, Tyrion's chat with Cersei, Robb's talk with his mother and Jamie, etc). Looking forward to episode 2!
1500	Caro99	2012-04-02	overall i liked this first episode very much. it had it's good & bad things but in the end the acting, the landscapes, the CGI (?) animals, the lines were all really good, and it's obvious the actors are going to really impress us this season, whether they be old faces or new...
The things that could've been better: Craster, Cressen, more eye-contact between sandor & sansa after he backs her up, Dany's silver dying, joff threatening her mother...
  But I did liked the scene between LF/Cersei. if i could have my way i would only have added this: cersei knows that LF was the one to give joff the idea of indeed killing ned, so after she orders the guards to release him, she whispers to LF, "And don't ever try to advice my son behind the Small Council and my back..." and about the killing of robert's babies, it was harsh and bitter, but in the end i liked it if only cause it was a nice way to introduce arya again and the newest addition to the danger she is currenty running from...
  But after last night i now like ross and shae (for the time being). and i think gendry and dolorous edd look quite hot. what i also liked a lot was jaime's interactions with grey wind, sandor being the first thing we see or hear in the episode, robb & cat, jack glesson's preformance, sophie turner's preformance, tyrion, cersei, bran & osha, melisandre, and all the cast, as i said before, are really doing their best this season regarding acting.
1501	legba11	2012-04-02	Oh, I don't doubt that Ros is an informant for LF.  I would say that the Pycelle/Ros scene in E10 certainly suggests that Pycelle may believe that she's spying on him, given that he keeps up his Doddering Old Fool act around her and drops it immediately after she leaves.  As to whether or not she was spying for LF while up in Winterfell, it's hard to say, no real evidence for or against IMO.  I don't know how much good information she'd actually be privy to that LF would actually care about - LF doesn't give two shits for, say, Theon, she's not allowed in the castle (Theon has to sneak her in), and the logistics of getting messages from Winterfell to KL would be daunting (though Varys obviously has some method).  But I also seriously doubt that she's LF's only prostitute informant, so I think her rise still has to be more merit-based than by virtue of special favors done for him.  He sees she's clever and he needs someone in the role, so she gets the job.Also, I liked the little touch of her specifying that it's nice to see Janos Slynt "again."  He's clearly a regular customer there.No evidence for LF specifically, but that she is more than she seems.  When she is leaving, Theon doesn't understand how she has the money to afford such a trip.  She leaves the question unanswered (and we find out she is a natural redhead).  Martin pretty much ignored logistics of these spy networks (which are daunting to say the least), anf the show has almost followed suit (you see a couple of glimpses, like Jorah leaving when he finds out about Dany's pregnancy, if you think about what he had to do to get that message secretly to Varys it seems nearly impossible to keep such a network running and secret).  I am ok with this, as it's fun to have these spy masters in world where it would be nearly impossible due to size and communication.She got promoted because the producers like her and she is known by the audience (as opposed to a random whore playing the role as in the books), I'm just justifying it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  She was clearly well connected, though.  She was a regular for Theon and was in with Jon too.  We know Tyrion went to her as well.  Likely she was able to get good information out of Theon, who had no regard for her as anything but a whore.It's the same as showing the scrubber kid twice in the episode (who I have little doubt is Vary's informant).  It reminds the audience that these guys are very involved in Game of Thrones, and have been playing this Game for some time.
1502	legba11	2012-04-02	You know, I kinda liked the TV Cersei version, though they are toning down her evildom.Keep in mind, they also have planted to seeds that she murdered her first Robert child, as opposed to "just" aborting them.  That may seriously beat down any sympathy she may have out there.  I will add that it's also possible that whole speech was a throw in by a writer who did not see the big picture.  It makes no sense that the heir to the Iron Throne dying was not known by the Starks, it would be the biggest news in the kingdom for a decade.
1503	Ser Greguh	2012-04-02	Keep in mind, they also have planted to seeds that she murdered her first Robert child, as opposed to "just" aborting them.  That may seriously beat down any sympathy she may have out there.  I will add that it's also possible that whole speech was a throw in by a writer who did not see the big picture.  It makes no sense that the heir to the Iron Throne dying was not known by the Starks, it would be the biggest news in the kingdom for a decade.Well, that was mostly meta-speculation on our part given that going into that speech we readers knew just how evil Book!Cersei was and thus wouldn't have put it past her to poison the child.  Given that the show has already established (or at least had Cersei claim in 2 separate occasions) that she had genuine feelings for Robert for a very long time, it's much less likely that she would have killed the child.I do agree that the birth and loss of a Crown Prince should have been well-known, however, and certainly known to the Starks.  A bit clumsy really.
1504	Baitac	2012-04-02	@Arya The Assassin: "The orchestration for the opening theme seemed slightly different compared to season 1. The end title theme was superior to the one we heard in the first episode in season one (same theme but better orchestration. Djawadi had very limited time when scoring the first season)."
I'm surprised no one mentioned this before you. The theme song seemed longer, perhaps to accomodate more castles in the intro. Also, the orchestration was different. It went into full strings earlier.  I'm not sure if I like the vocals at the end. The original musical theme was so perfect. It went perfectly with that masterful introduction of the map.
1505	nara	2012-04-02	Keep in mind, they also have planted to seeds that she murdered her first Robert child, as opposed to "just" aborting them.  That may seriously beat down any sympathy she may have out there.  I will add that it's also possible that whole speech was a throw in by a writer who did not see the big picture.  It makes no sense that the heir to the Iron Throne dying was not known by the Starks, it would be the biggest news in the kingdom for a decade.I assumed it was a goof on the part of the creators, trying to humanize her without thinking of the impact to the Maggy profecy.  3 kids, gold shall be their crowns....
1506	sharkhawk	2012-04-02	Craster is never described as dirty and grimey in the books. He is described as old, white haired, and powerful. He doesn't really seem like he does a lot of the dirty work around his keep. I always pictured him as a guy who sat around drinking, eating, and creeping on his wives. Which is exactly how they portrayed him in the show. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Craster does nothing around the farm except eat drink and sleep with his daughters/wives.  Probably goes out hunting.  I'm sure he has the wives bathe him and clean his clothes.
1507	apt54	2012-04-02	Absolutely terrific episode. Another great job by both actors and writers.
Melisandre was awesome, Stannis was accurately awkward during his short public speech and davos's accent rocked.
I don't know why everybody is getting so worked up about Cersei/LF scene. I think it was awesome... and the look our mockingbird gave the Queen was terrific! His eyes were all like "I'll be remembering that, you whore."
And the ending was just so shocking! Ruthless, cruel and exceptionally written... making the transition towards Arya and Co. all the more uplifting!
Giving this episode 9.5/10. -0.5 for little Arya screentime /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> (obvious Arya fan is obvious)
1508	Myrddin	2012-04-02	I assumed it was a goof on the part of the creators, trying to humanize her without thinking of the impact to the Maggy profecy.  3 kids, gold shall be their crowns....Assuming the prophecy counts babies that didn't live long.I'm sure they'll reword the prophecy when the time comes as needed. Let's hope we get to season 5 to do it.
1509	Sci-2	2012-04-02	I don't think it resonated emotionally cause that wasn't what the directors were going for. Rather than make us feel for a character that dies in the first scene, they use it to give us an idea of just how powerful and scary Melisandre is. I liked it better that way, myselfYeah, it would have been a waste of air time to develop Cressen. And I say that as someone who finds Melisandre's intro to be one of my fav parts in the entire series.
1510	Narrow C	2012-04-02	Still get chills up my spine every time the opening credits start.
So we went a full season with no comet, and now it appears in pretty much every scene. Osha's comment does well to tell us why they did that... it couldn't appear until the dragons did, I guess.
I too groaned when the brothel tryout scene began, but got over it quickly since that's where they had to be in order to show the Massacre of the Bastards. It also showed us pretty seamlessly that Ros had taken over the place for Littlefinger.
Loved the scene with Bran looking in the pool, as if to make sure his face was still his own and not the wolf's.
I started swearing at the screen when Theon pledged his loyalty to Robb...
Stannis is exactly how I pictured him. Mel, I thought, was able to look dangerous and menacing without being a Disney caricature of evil.
Looking forward to re-watching it tonight to figure out what all I had missed.
1511	aghrivaine	2012-04-02	Hallo all. Most of what I felt has been said already (as is so often the case) but I'll chime in on the Littlefinger/Cersei confrontation.
Like a lot of you probably did, I rewatched the last season over the weekend, this time with the commentaries on. I noticed that, again and again, the writers, actors, director, producers - all mentioned over and over "the relationship." This seems to be the lens through which they are approaching the story - a series of relationships that taken together constitute a plot. I understand that an actor will necessarily have to thoroughly comprehend his or her character's relationship to the other people in the scene, it's what makes their interactions breathe and seem real.
But I think it's now officially been taken too far - as this confrontation seemed to exist solely to flesh out Cersei and Littlefinger's relationship. They are both wielders of "soft power" - however much it galls both of them, and they're both competing for the same influence and authority. (As is Varys, but he's just better at keeping his cards close to his chest.)
I don't think this scene shed any particular light on their individual characters, or their relationships to each other, that wouldn't have been clear from previous or eventual interactions. Further, from a screenwriting perspective, their dialogue - and especially Littlfinger's - is far too "on the nose"; meaning it exactly states what the character's ambition or desire is, rather than illustrating it through other means. That one scene stuck out like a sore thumb, as being both unnecessary and poorly written. Both actors approached it like champs, though, and so it wasn't completely wasted. But it definitely stuck out to me.
Contrast that with the confrontation between Robb and Jaime (here we go with more relationsihps! I predict in the commentary for this season, both actors will say "such an interesting relationship our characters have!"). In this, we see a genuine change in Robb; he is becoming the picture of a rebel leader, who has the sang-froid to stare down one of the most feared knights in the world, and sees the situation for what it is; not a complete victory, but a strong position that he is trying to leverage for even more gain. And doesn't that make what we all know will happen to Robb that much more tragic? Series Robb is even more likeable than book Robb. Whereas Jaime is clearly rattled by his captivity and by being menaced by a direwolf, but by golly, he will NOT let it show. And I thought this was a particularly fine acting job by Coster-Waldau, who deftly managed portraying a man who experiences fear and trepidation, but doesn't let it color his actions or words, at all. That was a great scene, well-written and well portrayed. Plus - direwolf! 
I hope the rest of Season 2 will diverge from the books less than this initial episode.
1512	Rand	2012-04-02	I was absolutely amazed by Jack Gleeson's performance. Outstanding for such a young actor. I tryed to look up his age but couldn't find it. If anyone can help mey, beers are on me /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Gleeson was amazing the way he portrayed Jeoffrey's stupidity and cruelty. Even his body language, his face, everything was perfect. We may have a rising star on our hands.I did not, however, agree with the director's interpretation of the character. Jeoffrey is stupid and cruel and craven. His threatening his mother is something that the character would never do in the books. I mean, he's even afraid of his uncle, the Imp. To speak back and even threaten his mother, that's not him. He knows who his mother is and what she is capable of doing. He would never dare threaten her. The character in the books, I mean.If you didn't notice there's been some modifications to Joffrey's for the show, giving him some degree of competence.  If you recal in the first season who goes off on a rant to Cersei about having a standing army, and he could have been BS'ing but Grand Maeser Pycelle did comment that he had a strong military mind. Also note at the end of season 1 that Gleason's character showed genuine concern/confusion as to why Ned Stark would say he's not the rightful King, what he 'meant' by that.  Him questioning Cersei about it to start season 2 is just a continuation of all that.I think what we're seeing here is the same thing that Harry Lloyd did for Viserys: take a character from the book that was a cruel unlikeable dirtbag and add a sympathetic element to him.  For myself at least the impression I get of the Joffrey onscreen is an unrestrained teenager (and kids/teenagers can be cruel) who's very much a product of his environment, that if he fell under the guidance of someone like Ned Stark could have been redeemable.
1513	legba11	2012-04-02	Yep, I think we have seen evidence both ways (making Cersei more/less evil).  Putting the murder of the bastards on film (as opposed to thrown in bit of information which happens off camera) certainly puts the evil hat on someone pretty heavily.  Janos Slynt directly (as a good chunk of the audience will put Ned's betrayal on LF's shoulders and not even realize it was him too).  If we find out it was Cersei (which I think they do in the books via Tyrion and Varys), it's hard to say they are softening her image overall.
She made it clear her love of Robert ended on their wedding night, which would be at least 9 months before the mysterious crown prince death.
It seems clear to me that she is the true villain of the books, but she doesn't take on that role until Book 4 (which will likely be Season 5 if we are lucky enough to get that far), so there is plenty of time for the producers to put her exactly where they want her to be.  They have clearly fleshed out her character (thankfully, to be honest I think Martin did a VERY poor job of that in the early books).  The Sopranos conversation with Robert (last season) was a great addition (I realize that and Roz makes the purists' heads explode here), and I think the scene with LF was a critical early development point (see page 13?).
If she is your villain, she should be deeper than she was in the books.  Jaime's face turn (next season) is going to be a massive chore for the writers, as Vince McMahon knows, the best way to due is make sure the audience really hates the person who is opposing them.  Jaime begins Game of Thrones lower than probably any character in the history of television, in Season 3+, he largely plays the role of hero for the Iron Throne story line.  A fully developed Cersei will make that turn possible.
1514	Katydid	2012-04-02	Be reasonable, I think that the show did what was necessary in order to engage the audience and introduce the new characters and create some form of understanding their roles. Obviously they will be broadened as the season continues. Lets not forget that they have to hook the population that haven't read the books yet either.IMO, leaving irrelevant, throw-away scenes (in this episode, the Whorecathalon) out of the show would go a long way to dedicating more time to relevant characters.  In this case, no, Cressen wasn't a major player at all.  But a tiny bit more of him (for instance, imparting the fact that he raised the Baratheon boys and looks on them as sons) wouldn't have hurt, nor taken a boatload of screentime to illustrate.Take away Ros and her stupid scene in the whorehouse (which, for me, actually took away some from the horror of little Barra's murder), and you'd have had time for that.
1515	teemo	2012-04-02	One small question,How did Osha, a wildling, know that the comet signified the return of the dragons?  Was this mentioned in the books?Yes, she said the said thing.
1516	unRobert	2012-04-02	Yes, she said the said thing.Not sure if she did. I know Old Nan sniffed the air and said dragons in reference to the comet (awesome scene in the books). But I guess Osha needs to start displaying that wisdom if she is (speculatively) to replace the reeds.
1517	gramblor	2012-04-02	IMO, leaving irrelevant, throw-away scenes (in this episode, the Whorecathalon) out of the show would go a long way to dedicating more time to relevant characters.  In this case, no, Cressen wasn't a major player at all.  But a tiny bit more of him (for instance, imparting the fact that he raised the Baratheon boys and looks on them as sons) wouldn't have hurt, nor taken a boatload of screentime to illustrate.Take away Ros and her stupid scene in the whorehouse (which, for me, actually took away some from the horror of little Barra's murder), and you'd have had time for that.I see what you're saying, and I don't really like the character of Ros either, but they needed a way to introduce her as the head of the brothel (will most likely take over the place of Chataya for Tyrions escapades later on), but also gives a segway into the murder of Robert's bastards. As much as everyone talks about the brothel scene being horrid and unnecessary, it will in fact be pretty important in the long run i think. Lets not forget that scene was also about 2 minutes of screen time, its not like it was 30 minutes of a 55 minute episode....
1518	teemo	2012-04-02	Here we go...Luwin was telling Bran that the wolves were howling at the comet.  Osha says, "Your wolves have more wit than your maester.  They know truths the grey man has forgotten."  When Bran asks what the comet meant, she said, "Blood and fire, boy, and nothing sweet."  So, no, she didn't say dragons, but sounded like she was alluding to them.A couple paragraphs later, about Old Nan.  "Dragons," she said, lifting her head and sniffing.  She was near blind and could not see the comet, yet she claimed she could smell it.  "It be dragons, boy," she insisted.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 02 April 2012 - 01:46 PM.
1519	Sound_of_winter	2012-04-02	I have to say i really liked the episode, YES it was different than the books, but i have learned to love the show and the books seperatly. I am sad they didn't stick the prologue in there, i thought it would have been a great fit, and it would have given us a great introduction to Davos, Stan, and Mel. Danny's bit was boring just like the books, but everything else was exciting. Yeah yeah i get it Craster looked clean, Little Finger is being dumbed down, but do we need 17 pages of ranting about the same thing? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Even though i read the books the show managed to keep me excited and suprised (which means the writers are doing something right)
-i was excited to see Bran's dreams ( and WOW has he grown)
- the direwolves looked badass
- Robb's interaction with Jaime was bad ass (admit it)
-  Stannis being a funny ass-hat was great
- Tyrion pissing off his sister is always a blast
- Sansa played her role perfectly
- and that last scene has me so excited for what's to come! ( and DAMN does Gendry look good /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> )
All in all it was a great episode, it's only the first episode guys, it will get much better from here!
1520	unRobert	2012-04-02	Here we go...Luwin was telling Bran that the wolves were howling at the comet.  Osha says, "Your wolves have more wit than your maester.  They know truths the grey man has forgotten."  When Bran asks what the comet meant, she said, "Blood and fire, boy, and nothing sweet."  So, no, she didn't say dragons, but sounded like she was alluding to them.A couple paragraphs later, about Old Nan.  "Dragons," she said, lifting her head and sniffing.  She was near blind and could not see the comet, yet she claimed she could smell it.  "It be dragons, boy," she insisted.Ah, yes... Osha is wise, and I like her character on the show a lot. simple consolidations that don't bother me none. I just love Old Nan, and that was one of her best lines (OK to be fair she is the old wise crone that gets all the good lines).
1521	Lannes	2012-04-02	Craster is never described as dirty and grimey in the books. He is described as old, white haired, and powerful. He doesn't really seem like he does a lot of the dirty work around his keep. I always pictured him as a guy who sat around drinking, eating, and creeping on his wives. Which is exactly how they portrayed him in the show.Well....that's books for you. One person's grimey pedarest is another person's layabout creeper.Small potatoes, really, next to next week's incoming wall of texts over whether or not Brienne is ugly enough. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1522	Recentiy03	2012-04-02	Dolorous Edd walks with Jon when they arrive at Cressen's house. They fit in his "...later I came onto hard times" bit there.Roy Dotrice plays the pyromancer Hallyne.Thanks, I'll have to rewatch and pay closer attention for Edd. Does he have sorta reddish hair? Someone posted a picture where he might be standing between Sam and Jon, but if that's the case, he is about 20 years younger than I imagined. Although perhaps that isn't him.As for Dotrice, the name of that character doesn't ring a bell...when should we expect to see him?Edit- from Wiki, regarding Hallyne:	A Clash of KingsHe does a circuit of the walls of King's Landing with Cersei Lannister.[5] Hallyne guides Tyrion Lannister through the Alchemists' Guild Hall, explaining wildfire and the roll of the Alchemists's Guild.[6]For services rendered during the Battle of the Blackwater, Hallyne was raised to the title of Lord, though no lands or incomes were given along with the title.[7]-----TBH, none of that rings a bell, which is odd, but I think in my memory I always assumed Hallyne was Qyburn, which is apparently not so. 
					
					
							Edited by Recentiy03, 02 April 2012 - 02:19 PM.
1523	Blangadanger	2012-04-02	First ImpressionsI thought it was a decent episode which had some nice moments, but overall kind of dampened by too much content in too little time. Initially I was kind of turned off by the Littlefinger getting trapped by Cersei (how is that even possible??), Robb not mentioning his father's sword in his terms, and Tyrion taking Shae straight to the Hand's tower (she doesn't even get there until the very end of Book 3 I think).Power vs. Power, eh?However I think I can live with the Cersei/LF confrontation because it does develop each of those characters a little more for the show. I can understand why they want to show Baelish's motivations, because in the book it's all told in flashbacks from Catelyn's perspective (which would be boring tv imho), but I think they're pushing just a little too hard. I think the average viewer understands that there's clearly a lot going through Baelish's mind as it pertains to the Starks. I kind of liked the cliche "power vs. power" line, since it just shows how naive Cersei is about her situation. On a second watch, I couldn't help thinking that the gardener who witnessed the whole confrontation was Varys in disguise, but only the book readers would think of that.Robb vs. JaimeRobb not mentioning his sword seems like a stupid error, unless they don't plan on showing it again in the series. It played such a prominent role in the first season, so I assumed it would show up again this season. Though I think it's sad that they're just getting rid of Cat's heated conversation with Jaime at the end of Book 2, I can forgive the writers since the HBO viewers already know the truth. It's pretty hard to keep tension going in film/tv for such a long time when it isn't there for the audience in the first place. Besides, the two confrontations (s1ep10 and s2ep1) have been nicely done imo. I loved the slow pan for the entrance of Grey Wind. The direwolves are starting to feel like important characters on their own. It also helps the audience understand the incredible victories that Robb has, since Grey Wind plays a big part.Shae in the Hand's Tower?Tyrion taking Shae straight to the tower seems a rather unfortunate choice. Are they really going to try to force the tension of his hiding her directly into his room? It's going to be hard to convince the audience that guards can't just march into his tower at any time and find her there. Perhaps they're taking that entire chunk of story (a pretty significant part of Tyrion's story in Books 2 and 3) and changing it a bit, giving Shae a more vital role. Not something I would agree with, but I'm willing to see if it works.Deaths to All Stag BastardsThe sex scene was so preposterous everyone at my viewing party just burst out laughing at once. I do like that they used that scene to introduce us more to Janos Slynt, the no. 1 douchebag in Westeros. People will definitely remember his face now, and it will also serve as more of a moral victory when Tyrion approaches him about it.To Drink First, or No?Everyone at my party also complained about the poison swap with Melisandre, but I don't think it really matters that much to the viewers since it lets you know that she is mysteriously powerful. In retrospect, I think that opening sequence with Stannis is probably the weakest of all the characters they've introduced. However I think it's somewhat fitting since the audience already has characters it's rooting for, and their favorite characters all dismiss Stannis as unkingly. Indeed the only main character who seems to support him so far is Jaime in a mocking way. It's probably better that Stannis and his witch-like guide have a slow build-up to some big surprises later in the season.Every Actor Deserves His/Her Five MinutesI understood why they wanted to include nearly every storyline, but it would have made for a better episode if they hadn't. The story of Bran and Dany was particularly rushed and forced and could have been saved until later. Hopefully it's only a big problem in the first episode.Cersei vs. EveryoneI thought the Cersei scenes were all acted very well by Headey. Strangely enough I think the Cersei/Joffrey confrontation was more powerful than the Cersei/Tyrion confrontation. The future conversations with Tyrion need to have a bit more weight, perhaps by slightly slower cuts between cross-shots. I'm a little worried they may have made Joffrey just a tad too confident. If he's so eager to kill off his mother and forget his uncle and grandfather, it's going to be tough for audiences to believe that Tyrion can take over King's Landing. It's still possible, but they've just raised the challenge higher.Arry's HairI could really tell from the small glimpse of Arya that her natural hair looks way better on-screen than the wig she wore at the end of last season (sorry, hair department).Let's Talk AnimationCGI-wise, the dragons and direwolves looked wonderful, but the King's Landing shot from the Hand's Tower wasn't as great. The wide shots of the North and the eastern steppes were beautiful. The intro showed Dragonstone, which looked good, but not much else changed. I think it would be cool to show the location of the armies once they're on the field, because outside of King's Landing, there isn't much action within cities in the second season.
1524	Kaitscralt	2012-04-02	Wow, I really loved this episode. I didn't mind Craster, or LF/Cersei. I did however feel the scene between Daenerys andRhakaro was meant to imply attraction, which bothered me, but many others here don't see it that way. Ser Dontos' weird American armor was a bit distracting. Everything else I loved.I really liked how much Bran resembled short-hair Arya when looking at the reflection in the water. Another nod to the casting.It is too bad the Stannis stuff was rushed, because I am just delighted by how he and Davos are being portrayed by their actors. A+ stuff. I couldn't stop laughing during the writing of the letter. If they continue to emphasize the subtle comedic touches given to Stannis in the novels, he will totally own Season 2.The ending scene with the bastards cutting to Gendry and Arya was perfect. Gendry looks bad-ass. I read a review that the end of the episode didn't deliver enough of a punch, not sure how anyone thought that.Also, a few people seem to have missed that the kid washing the ground was a little bird for Varys.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 03 April 2012 - 07:13 AM.
1525	Kaitscralt	2012-04-02	Also, I haven't rewatched yet, but I disagree with a lot of people that it was TVJoffrey that gave the order to kill the bastards. When he told Cersei he heard a nasty rumor, it didn't come off to me as a belief he had subscribed to -- he was just rubbing more dirt in his moms face. After their confrontation, I think Cersei gave the order to Janos. Just my take on it, not sure if it will matter one way or the other since they're both "villains."
1526	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-02	Not a perfect episode, but a very good start to the season (noticeably better in my opinion than last season's opener).Highlights:- The Robb/Jaime scene may go down as one of my favorites in the entire series when it's all said and done. Masterful work by both actors and tension wound tight as a bowstring thanks in no small part to the dramatic musical cues and teaser camera shots leading up to Grey Wind's reveal.  As for Grey Wind himself...wow is all I can say.  Definitely fits the role of the larger-than-life terror of the battlefield.- Stannis, Mel and Davos, three of my favorite characters in the books, were brought to life on screen largely as I'd envisioned them thanks to considerable screen presence from all three actors involved.  Dillane in particular captures the brooding, harsh badassery of Stannis perfectly as far as I'm concerned.- Jack Gleeson continues to shine as Joffrey.  I felt that he carried both his scenes, especially the opener which I found otherwise disjointed and clumsy in execution; not the actors' fault, just an odd scene for me.- The small council scene was very entertaining.  Tyrion's barbs, Cersei's room-clearing fit of anger and Varys's reaction to said fit all had me smiling.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />- Speaking of Cersei, I'll give Lena Headey the "most improved" award through one episode of this season.  She owned it in the small council and LF scenes and played the Joff scene with a good deal of nuance given the show's changes in that dynamic.  Also, Tyrion wasn't lying - she does look gorgeous.  Pretty amazing what a decent wig can do.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />- The final few minutes were gut wrenching.  The changes I can live with, especially Slynt killing Barra (do you doubt that book Slynt would have hesitated for a second before doing the same?  Didn't think so).- Visual effects were largely stunning and all superior to anything presented last season.  The overhead shot of the Red Waste was breathtaking.- A stirring, dark soundtrack fit the tone of the episode very well, especially during the burning of the gods and the culling of the bastards.Lowlights:- As mentioned, the opening scene just felt a bit rushed and jumbled.  Not bad overall thanks to the performances, but I expected more.  Dontos was as I pictured him but the actor seemed to undersell it; I'll expect better from him later on.  Oh and - pet peeve - I'm sick and damn tired of certain characters never getting their names used in-scene.  I guarantee there are plenty of non-book readers who still had no idea who Tommen and Myrcella were after that scene.- Cressen having no backstory just flat out doesn't make sense to me.  There was ample opportunity in his conversations with Davos to drop one or two simple lines referencing his past with Stannis and the Baratheons that would've heightened the impact of his death. The Rest:- Dany's bit was fine, and fit the tone set in the books well.  Drogon was marvelously rendered (hats off again to the special effects folks)  The scene with Rakharo was nice enough but felt forced, almost like it's setting up some tragic event in a later episode.  Hmm....- Bran's brief scenes were good.  I was pleased to see that the warging sequence was pretty much exactly what I'd pictured from the books.  - The NW visit to Craster's Keep was...well, OK.  Craster wasn't exactly what I expected looks-wise but the actor did an excellent job being a sleazeball and delivering those biting lines.  Nice to see Gilly as well, albeit briefly.  Dolorous Edd was cool.  Mormont's dressing down of Jon was probably my favorite part of this sequence.  In all, solid all around.- LF/Cersei - I thought this scene was fine (mostly thanks to Headey's commanding performance).  Obviously it undercuts LF's character in the show but in this regard the damage was already done with that utterly ridiculous monologue in Episode 7 last season.  At this point it seems as though show-LF isn't half as clever as he thinks he is, an impression I never got in the books.  Oh well.  Not nearly enough to detract from this episode's strengths.
1527	teemo	2012-04-02	It's just strange that the first time Cersei talks to LF in aCoK it's too praise him in the small council for his sneaky idea of sending out ravens saying that Shireen is the product of Selyse/Patchface.  In the show it's Cersei showing him that "power is power" and pretend to almost have his throat slit. OK. Now I get how POWER IS POWER OMG KOOL!!
1528	Morrigan	2012-04-02	Ahhh...I wasn't privy to that b-t-s info.  I remember, now, Pycelle saying it marked the end of summer at the Small Council.  The only time I remember reading about one was at the end of ADwD which led me to my conclusion/confusion.  I need to watch more and enjoy it for what it is rather than nitpicking about book details I guess.  Overall, it was a good start to the season.End of summer = start of autumn, not the start of winter. You know, there are more than 2 seasons. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />â<U+0080>c the fact that the Hound fought in Joff's tourney irks me. It's completely opposite his charecter.I disagree. It was Joffrey's name day tourney. Sandor is Joffrey's dog. If King Joffrey says, "Dog, kick ass in my tourney!", Sandor will only say, "yes, Your Grace".â<U+0080>c why was Crastor paying so much attention to Jon? That scene was really wonky for me. Especially how Mormont pushed Jon up against the wall afterwards...Because Jon opened his mouth and was out of line (according to Craster). Mormont tried to teach Jon a lesson about that. I don't see the problem with that scene at all. And I thought I was a nerdraging nitpicker! But I had very few problems with this episode, when I was expecting to have many. Go figure.Shae in the Hand's Tower?Tyrion taking Shae straight to the tower seems a rather unfortunate choice. Are they really going to try to force the tension of his hiding her directly into his room? It's going to be hard to convince the audience that guards can't just march into his tower at any time and find her there. Perhaps they're taking that entire chunk of story (a pretty significant part of Tyrion's story in Books 2 and 3) and changing it a bit, giving Shae a more vital role. Not something I would agree with, but I'm willing to see if it works.I wonder about that too. If Shae is in the Tower, then Tyrion has no reason to go to that other brothel (Chataya's in the book, Ros's in the TV show..??) as a cover-up for visiting Shae through the secret tunnels. That means no Cersei discovering Alayaya Ros and having her beaten in front of Tyrion. But we know that they kept the "you will pay for this, your joys will turn to ashes in your mouth" etc. line. So obviously they'll do something about all that. Not sure what yet. Maybe in episode 2 Tyrion decides that keeping Shae in the tower is too dangerous and relocates her...? *shrugs*Deaths to All Stag BastardsThe sex scene was so preposterous everyone at my viewing party just burst out laughing at once.I... what... your friends/family burst out laughing at the massacre of children, including the murder of an infant? I'm sorry but this says more about you than the creators of the show...
1529	teemo	2012-04-02	I... what... your friends/family burst out laughing at the massacre of children, including the murder of an infant? I'm sorry but this says more about you than the creators of the show...I think they were referring to the bouncing up and down sex marathon thing.
1530	Morrigan	2012-04-02	Oh, did he? Sorry if I misunderstood, yes. I did roll my eyes at that scene too, but at least this time it was mercifully brief.
1531	waaimasjien	2012-04-02	I thought this was a great episode. The killing of the bastards took me entirely by surprise, but damn what a great scene was that. I don't see why so many people are crying over the brothel scene. For one thing, Ros is obviously replacing Alyaya and thus needed to be introduced as running the brothel. The scene also served as a transition to the bastard killing, and on top of that, the almost comical sex scene made such a shrill contrast with the following scene that the latter was even more shocking. I don't have any big problems with any scene, including the LF/ Cersei scene. I consider the TV series to be standing on it's own, and if TV Littlefinger isn't book Littlefinger that's fine with me, 'cause the writers will probably make it work in the end. Loved the CG animals, especially loved the extreme long shots of the north, the Red Waste, and Robb's camp. I also really liked Stephen Dillane as Stannis, he's really making the stubborn thing work.
1532	DragonAge93	2012-04-02	Great episode from start to finish! Loved the Robb/Jaime scene, Nicolaj played it so well looking frightened even though there was nothing there whilst filming it. Definitely a "deleted scene" from the book IMO. Love the little tidbit we get of Jon Snow's journey beyond the Wall. Hopefully we get to see a White Walker next week when he "sees something". Can't wait for his climatic scenes at the end of the season, though.
But my favorite scene has to undoubtedly be the bastard-killing. It's so cruel, and yet so powerful as well, what with the music and how Cersei (or is it Joffrey) have no mercy for these bastards. I hope they stick with the novel and make it Cersei who ordered the killing, and it somewhat seems like they are, since Joffrey brings up the matter, and Cersei must be ashamed of this stain and wants to cleanse it. And what at tease, that final scene....
And the music, damn.... Ramin Djawadi has made it even more epic. The score at the end and during the credits is amazing, and I hope HBO releases a season 2 soundtrack.
Is it next week yet???
1533	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-02	The fact that the sex scene just came completely out of nowhere and started immediatley with the high-pitched moaning is what made is hilarious.
1534	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-02	The fact that the sex scene just came completely out of nowhere and started immediatley with the high-pitched moaning is what made is hilarious.It wasn't intended to be sexy, given Ros' reaction, so no problem there.
1535	Sound_of_winter	2012-04-02	I dorked over some of the small details, like mentioned above:
- Mel's glowing Ruby
- Bran's reflection
- Varys's little bird (or little fingers?)
- The way Rob "controls" Grey Wind, the way he pets him and sends him towards Jaime
I'm sure there's more, I need to watch it again!
1536	Chelly	2012-04-02	The fact that the sex scene just came completely out of nowhere and started immediatley with the high-pitched moaning is what made is hilarious.Haha. I was watching it in the living room and the volume was pretty loud because before that was when Cersei smacked Joff and I was like "Oh, shiiiettt" So I wanted to here what he would say, then BAM...it switches over the brothel and that girl's moaning sounded utterly ridiculous. My volume was still up and it just sounded so loud. My husband poked his head out of bedroom and gave me this look like "what the hell are you watching?" It was just so abrupt.Other than that I loved the episode. Next Sunday needs to be here NOW.
1537	Lord Barristan	2012-04-02	I wish they had kept Joff's name day the same as the books. Not because I'm a book "snob" but because I found the scene to be hilarious... Joff talks about the Beggar King and then how he wants to challenge robb to single combat. And Myrcella's line of "we're children, we're supposed to be childish." Then when Tyrion comes in and tells Joff he's sorry for his loss and reminds him about Robert and he says "Oh him. Yes a boar killed him. it was very sad." When I rereard that chapter I laugh out loud every time. Still was very good, but I wish they had kept that the same...
1538	nara	2012-04-02	If you didn't notice there's been some modifications to Joffrey's for the show, giving him some degree of competence.  If you recal in the first season who goes off on a rant to Cersei about having a standing army, and he could have been BS'ing but Grand Maeser Pycelle did comment that he had a strong military mind. Also note at the end of season 1 that Gleason's character showed genuine concern/confusion as to why Ned Stark would say he's not the rightful King, what he 'meant' by that.  Him questioning Cersei about it to start season 2 is just a continuation of all that.I think what we're seeing here is the same thing that Harry Lloyd did for Viserys: take a character from the book that was a cruel unlikeable dirtbag and add a sympathetic element to him.  For myself at least the impression I get of the Joffrey onscreen is an unrestrained teenager (and kids/teenagers can be cruel) who's very much a product of his environment, that if he fell under the guidance of someone like Ned Stark could have been redeemable.I like this change.  I always thought it was a weak point in the books that Joffrey was so completely incompetent.  It seems impossible to me that Jaime's son didn't have at least some natural skill as a fighter and that Cersei's son didn't have some natural charm.
1539	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2012-04-02	Mostly I thought it was pretty good.  It felt a little disjointed and rushed, but it is the series opener so this was always likely.  
The performances were all really good (notably Bran, Cersei and Joffrey), the end scenes were intense and quite surprising, the new characters look well cast and it set up really quite a lot in a short space of time.  Even Ros was less annoying than before (now that they've found a place and use for her).
Smaller things I liked include Slynt getting more screen time (and more reasons to hate him), Bran and Luwin's moment together, seeing Varys' little birds and Arya and Gendry's entrance.
As the series moves on and gets more focused, I imagine that this will have been one of the weaker episodes overall.  If so, I think we're in for a good series.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Ilyn's Tongue, 02 April 2012 - 06:16 PM.
1540	Rob the God	2012-04-02	Overall a very good Episode but couldn't quite transfer all of the tension from the end of Season 1
Every situation was briefly explained and we already had some
real highlights. The new sceens were good and all had a purpose.
(littlef/cersei wasn't that good but i don't get the whining about the scene).
Production scale was just awesome. All in all i think the directors really give everything
for makeing this show as good as it can be.
Also liked the end of the episode as it rounded it up very well.
My Highlights were:
-Tyrion and Cersei (brilliant how he showed her her failures)
- Davos was excelent! Stannis was also great but i felt we didn't see enough of him.
- Aweseome Dragonstone scene when they were sitting at the map table / "it's a lie take it out"
- Liked the way they did the wolf dreams (weren't sure a tv series could handle it)
-  TV Janos Slynt will be the same motherfucker as is he is in the books
- Scene between Cat and Robb. Very good acting from Richard Madden.
- Robb & Jaime & Greywind: my Highlight of the Week
-Another Highlight was overall directing. HBO has really outdone themself in parts of Camera and Art Direction.
Didn't like:
-First scene: to far away from the book, to fast, ser dontos introduction was awkward
- little to much Kings Landing for me
-Burning of the 7 scene was ok not more
- i know i am the only one but i pictured Dol. Edd completely diffrently /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
On the "Who ordered to kill the bastards" topic: I think it can still be Cersei. Let's wait till Tyrion talks to Slynt.
Looking forward to the next episodes. HBO is defintly going the right way. Episode 1 and 2 will just be set ups for the plot lines to develop.
1541	Geert	2012-04-02	Not a lot to add to what has already been said but this: when Bran looked at his reflection in the pool in the Godswood, I thought he really looked like Arya there. CoAncidence, or planned? Or was I the only one who saw it?
1542	Skeksi	2012-04-02	Really enjoyed the episode as a whole.
First things first: Good to see that Conleth Hill made it into the opening credits. I wasn't surprised to see the actors playing Davos, Stannis and Melisandre making it there, too, though I was quite surprised to see Bronn and Shae- increased roles for them, perhaps? Or simply a result of Tyrion's increased presence on the show (presumably), and their proximity to him?
The episode was very much introductory: catch up with the existing characters in their locations- Robb, Theon, Catelyn and Jaime in Robb's camp; the Lannisters in King's Landing, a bit of Bran and Daenerys, and of course, introducing Stannis, Davos and Melisandre. It wasn't especially fast paced, but it worked well at showing the audience the positions of most of the major players at the start of the series. I think this, as a whole, was done well.
I liked the added scene between Joffrey and Cersei- given the aging of Joffrey, and the addition of some strategic/ military competence hinted at in the first season (the idea of a standing army loyal to the crown, etc), it makes sense that he would be seizing charge more readily, and be less ready to listen to the advice of his mother- especially since he seems to genuinely wonder whether the rumour of her incest is true or not, in which case she has put his claim in danger. In turn, Cersei- who in the books definitely desires power- is likely to be knocked into touch a bit by her son acting this way. Jack Gleeson, BTW, does an awesome job as Joffrey.
I liked the final scene, killing the bastards, ending on a shot of Gendry with Arya. It's quite a dramatic event to end what has been a reasonably slow paced episode, picking up the pace nicely as we head into the season proper. Plus, the final shots of Arya and Gendry serve to not only show Arya to the viewers, but to remind them of Gendry's parentage, emphasising that the bastards of Robert are at risk, and thus that there are guards heading not only after Gendry, but Arya- also some nice dramatic set up.
My major issue is with the Littlefinger-Cersei scene. I don't feel that it fits with Littlefinger as a clever manipulator, and I don't think it is necessary to give him a reason to work against the Lannisters, given that he has already shown willingness to betray for his own benefit, and made it clear to the viewers that his sights are set on the highest power, which isn't going to mesh with Cersei and Joffrey in charge. It just seems clunky, and is a disappointing reintroduction to Littlefinger, given that it is his only major scene this episode.
Another minor issue: I feel that sticking the introduction of Stannis and co. in the middle of the introductions of established characters on the show might have been a mistake- the last season opened with a scene largely unconnected to the rest of the series, and I feel that having a similar scene establishing Stannis and Maester Cressen pre-credits would have worked better- preferably followed up by the later scene of the attempted poisoning of Melisandre, perhaps lengthened to miss out Bran's first or second scene. It doesn't work too badly as it is, but given that we are familiar with the rest of the characters, I think it would have served better to introduce Stannis and co first, before the rest of the episode, basically.
Obviously a few things have been changed from the series- Jaime's location, the increased role of Robb, Shae being in the Tower of the Hand from the start. I'm interested to see what they do with Ros. Obviously she appears to have taken on the role of LF's second-in-command at the brothel, but whether this leads to her role being to replace Alayaya, or if she gets a different storyline of her own, it's something of a relief to see her clothed, suggesting that her role might be expanded from sexposition vehicle. If they're going to keep her in, might as well make her interesting.
So, in summary: a largely good episode, that works very well as an opener (though might have been a little slow paced if it had been placed elsewhere in the series), and picks up the pace nicely towards the end. Good acting overall. One clunky scene, and a couple of scenes that could have done with being rearranged are the main complaints. A few changes made to the book, but other than the aforementioned clunk, nothing too jarring. Series has been set up nicely, and I look forward to seeing how some of these changes develop.
In the next episode, I would hope to get introductions to Renly, Brienne and co. who are obviously one of the other big group introductions of the series, and possibly the Greyjoys. I would expect at least one scene of showing Arya's journey, possibly more since she has barely appeared this episode. At least one decent Varys scene, since in the books he plays a bigger role this time around, and a better Littlefinger scene. We will see.
1543	YoungGriff the Conqueror	2012-04-02	Not sure if she did. I know Old Nan sniffed the air and said dragons in reference to the comet (awesome scene in the books). But I guess Osha needs to start displaying that wisdom if she is (speculatively) to replace the reeds.Are the Reeds not going to be in the series?
1544	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-02	Are the Reeds not going to be in the series?It's looking really doubtful at this point.
1545	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-02	I really don't get the obsession with prostitutes in this series. There were plenty of hookers in the source material, but the TV show for some reason sees fit to add to them, even creating original prostitute characters to replace the ones who were already there. They are not interesting at all to this straight woman, I'd get more out of a few more seconds given to genuinely interesting and sexy characters like Melisandre.
I do like the expansion of Shae's character though, assuming it continues.
1546	Howdyphillip	2012-04-02	So we went a full season with no comet, and now it appears in pretty much every scene. Osha's comment does well to tell us why they did that... it couldn't appear until the dragons did, I guess.Uh... Yeah... just like the books.  comets=dragons bornI actually wished that they would have started out on Dragonstone to introduce Stannis, Melisandre, and company. It was a perfect way to introduce the new characters. I was actually a little upset that they went away from that, and was looking to be critical and then Peter MotherF@#^$&g Dinkledge walked on, and from that point on, I was totally immersed back in Westeros. That guy nails the role like Tyyrion nailed wine and whores in the books. He might not be the absolute perfect look, but he is the perfect guy for the job.Cressen didn't look like what I imagined, but they absolutely took Gilly straight from my mind and put her on screen. (I am assuming hat the speaking role went to Gilly, they never mentioned her name.) Also Cressen's keep was my favorite set on the show. It couldn't have been built any better. I also particularly liked the Old Bear chewing out John snow. The mentorship in that relationship is really important.The CGI department did an incredible job as well. I know they are just babies, but the dragons look as good as any that I have ever seen. I loved the direwolves as well. Greywind was awesome another thing to remark on was the score. It seems that a lot more work was put in on it this season, and the instrumentation sounded absolutely majestic.I personally don't mind the changes that were done. I am watching the series with a bunch of people who haven't read the books, and there is just no way they are going to be able to understand the nuances of the characters. I understand that Baelish wasn't in an adversarial role to Cersei at any point out in the open, but it just doesn't seem to be that much of a big deal to me, and it adds to the general feeling of tension around King's Landing without having to explain in minute detail the machinations of political dealings.I also didn't mind that Cleos Frey's name was changed to Lannister. (I believe it was Cleos that went to KL to send Rob's terms.) The series is getting more and more complex, and there is a definite advantage to keeping it much simpler for a TV audience.
1547	David Selig	2012-04-02	Not one of the better episodes of the series IMO, a bit too disjointed and too much setup (necessary mostly, but still didn't make for great viewing). Strong ending, but the rest was so-so.
Most enjoyable scene for me was Craster mocking Jon and putting him in his place. "Who's this little girl?" LOL.
 Didn't like the LF - Cersei series, too out of character for Petyr, and Power is power" was lame.
Jack Gleeson continues to be a great Joffrey.
1548	Jory	2012-04-02	Pissed about them cutting Shireen from the series.
1549	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-04-02	Some scattered thought on the first episode of season two.While the show is still pretty darn awesome, this felt a tad slow and choppy. I suppose the choppiness will remain, since the books have several parallel story lines. It was only the first book that kept most of them together.   I loved when Tyrion arrived and took charge, both of Joffrey and then the Small Council and scolded his sister.Nice menacing Grey Wind in CGI. I like how Robb acted towards Jaime and he's growing as a leader - and king.Speaking of CGI, that dragon was just too cute for words. I want one as a pet.Craster looked much too clean than I had imagined. But he's still a dirty old frakker! And was that Gilly we saw and that spoke?Stannis is one (intentionally) bland character. He's such a traditional man that I find it hard to believe he just fell for some new fiery religion. I've had the same problem with him in the books.The child actors are very good. In this episode I especially liked the performance of Isaac Hempsted-Wright as Bran.Not much Arya here, except a glimpse at the end.The slaying of King Robert's bastards were gruesome.So Roz is now running Littlefinger's brothel? That was fast work. I suppose she'll take the place from whatever characters did that in the books.Another needless, gratuitous sex scene. Oh well, better get used to it.Joffrey is such a complete and utter bastard. Cersei is an evil witch, but I cheered when she slapped him. More Joffrey slapping for the people!The added scene between Littlefinger and Cersei felt odd. I would never think him to be so careless as to challenge her like that. He's usually to smart for that, so he got what he deserved when she threatened to kill him.Lena Headey looked quite nice here.I wonder what they'll do with Jaime this season, considering he'll be in confinement the whole time.
1550	congokong	2012-04-02	;I can't believe how many of you didn't like the awesome Cersei vs. Littlefinger scene. First, it's definitely NOT about Littlefinger and all about showing how clumsy Cersei is at playing the game. She finally has a little bit of Regency power and she is all to quick to wield it. She knows she can't really exercise it over her asshole son so she takes it out on Baelish. Yes, Book!Littlefinger would never show his cards like that but I like that the producers added a little chink in Show!Littlefinger's armor. His weak spot is Catelyn. Good to know. It also connects the dots for the audience more on why he's going to turn against the Lannisters later on. We as book readers know what he is, but the show audience needs more motive.I also like how more tempestuous Cersei is this season. Feels much more like the book character to me. She is impulsive and slap happy. Lena is fully invested in this wonderfully wicked character now and it shows.While Cersei certainly would be quick to demonstrate power, Petyr doesn't really care about Catelyn anymore by the start of the books. He sends her on a wild goose chase for his own ends and doesn't seem to display any sadness at her death.
1551	Lord Varys	2012-04-02	Is Shireen truly gone? I don't think they can do this... Stannis may very well die eventually, and then Shireen will be a queen. They can't omit her completely. Even if Stannis does not die (as I believe) this whole Greyscale thing will come into play. Shireen will start an epidemic (just as Lord Jon might do in the south). Perhaps she is even going to become that 'stone beast' from Dany's vision...
The fact that only Selyse was seen during the pyre scene is no proof that Shireen has been cut. She is a child, and it was night. I guess Selyse, Shireen, Ser Axell, Lord Alester, and Edric Storm (who most likely will be introduced as Stannis's ward) will be cast in season 3. If ASoS is going to be three seasons, Stannis will have to talk to somebody on Dragonstone who is not Mel or Davos.
Since there will be not that much scenes on Dragonstone this season (Stannis should leave the island in episode 3, perhaps already next episode), so the omission of Shireen, Ser Axell etc. is something I can live with. At least for this season. If they are not introduced next season, I will be truly pissed. Just as pissed as I will be if we don't get the Tullys (Hoster, Edmure, and Brynden) in season 3.
1552	legba11	2012-04-02	We will almost certainly see Jaime's escape attempt.  Maybe it will even succeed for a couple of episodes before they bring him back in.
1553	Hyper	2012-04-02	I think they were referring to the bouncing up and down sex marathon thing.Oh geez... It's a marathon now? It was just a few seconds. But hey... I guess some aren't happy unless they have a laundry list of items to complain about - even if those points are exaggerated/invented. But carry on.As for the complaints about the lack of Cressen character development. He is NOT a crucial character - he was just a convenient POV for GRRM to use to introduce Stannis. But by himself, he is again NOT an important character. And to properly cover the prologue in the way some of you wanted would have required a whole episode. It was never going to happen.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 02 April 2012 - 07:28 PM.
1554	DannySpud	2012-04-02	In regards to the LF/C scene, if Cersei hadn't threatened Littlefinger with death then I don't think anyone would have a problem LF in that scene. It's pretty in-character for LF to poke back when someone pokes at him, especially when someone tries to out-knowledge him. LF knows he's reasonably secure life-wise being the master of coin so he has room for his pokes. Cersei on the other hand has just had her power questioned and wants to exercise it. I think the scene works well also in giving us books people a "wtf?!" moment.
I haven't seen much about Alton Lannister on here. What do people think of the entirely new Lannister created in the show?
1555	Hempen Dan the Ropemaker	2012-04-02	I like Robbs scenes in the show so far. But when are they going to start introducing the Northern Lords? And I'm surprised they didn't try to tell the story of the Golden Tooth, if that is what the 3rd battle they referenced is supposed to be.
1556	teemo	2012-04-02	Oh geez... It's a marathon now? It was just a few seconds. But hey... I guess some aren't happy unless they have a laundry list of items to complain about - even if those points are exaggerated/invented. But carry on.Um, that wasn't a complaint.  I actually thought that scene was pretty funny.  One poster thought another poster was laughing their ass off at the death of Barra, and I remember someone wrote a funny comment earlier about the scene I thought they were actually referring to being a "marathon" or something along the likes, and used it because it sounded funny and it made clear which scene I was talking about.  But carry on.  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 02 April 2012 - 07:40 PM.
1557	DannySpud	2012-04-02	IMO Slynt was acting on Cersei's orders. She makes a point of making him state his loyalty to her in this episode, and in the books Slynt is clearly Cersei's man.
1558	teemo	2012-04-02	Some people here are complaining about people complaining about the whole Cressen thing.  Well, I will just say that I was sitting with my boyfriend and when that scene happened, he was totally lost.  "Who is that old guy?  Why is he poisoning her?  Why does he even care?  Why doesn't he care that he dies himself?  Why he is bleeding from the mouth?"  I had to pause and explain things for about three minutes.  If you're a book-reader, it's not really necessary to know the whole story, but for just the tv viewer - they could have thrown a sentence or two in there to make it a little more clear.
1559	nara	2012-04-02	I haven't seen much about Alton Lannister on here. What do people think of the entirely new Lannister created in the show?I wish they hadn't changed Cleos Frey.  I get that they wanted the name Lannister so that the relationship is clear, but I love the entangled marriage alliances in the book.  Having Freys married to Lannisters and Edmure Tully and Roose Bolton was great because it made it hard to tell whom Lord Frey would favor on any given day!  Also, it means we won't have Genna Lannister.  I really like that character because she could disagree with Tywin AND pinch the Kingslayer's cheek--who wouldn't love someone with that type of confidence!  She's also one of the few people who might know if J+A=C&J, as some theorists believe.
1560	Morrigan	2012-04-02	Oh geez... It's a marathon now? It was just a few seconds. But hey... I guess some aren't happy unless they have a laundry list of items to complain about - even if those points are exaggerated/invented. But carry on.As for the complaints about the lack of Cressen character development. He is NOT a crucial character - he was just a convenient POV for GRRM to use to introduce Stannis. But by himself, he is again NOT an important character. And to properly cover the prologue in the way some of you wanted would have required a whole episode. It was never going to happen.Agreed. Some people are not reasonable. I found Cressen's prologue to be awesome and heartbreaking, but of course it was not going to happen in the TV series, it's just not practical.I haven't seen much about Alton Lannister on here. What do people think of the entirely new Lannister created in the show?He's just a replacement for Cleos Frey, the way I see it, and it avoids having to explain why a Frey-born is a Lannister envoy.
1561	Hyper	2012-04-02	Some people here are complaining about people complaining about the whole Cressen thing.  Well, I will just say that I was sitting with my boyfriend and when that scene happened, he was totally lost.  "Who is that old guy?  Why is he poisoning her?  Why does he even care?  Why doesn't he care that he dies himself?  Why he is bleeding from the mouth?"  I had to pause and explain things for about three minutes.  If you're a book-reader, it's not really necessary to know the whole story, but for just the tv viewer - they could have thrown a sentence or two in there to make it a little more clear.Sure, it wasn't perfect. Another line or two would have been great. I was merely commenting the complaints (not by you) that the Cressen character was drastically underserved. But people need to realize that Cressen was just a convenient literary device for introducing Stannis & Melisandre.I watched the show with my wife (not a book reader), and she got the gist of the scene. She asked me to verify if he was trying to kill them both, and I said yes.
1562	kairparavel	2012-04-02	I didn't dislike it as much as I disliked the opening episode last season. It did what it needed to do: set the table for the majority of the players, save Balon Greyjoy. We got to meet the new faces and I enjoyed them all, particularly Stephen Dillane and Liam Cunningham. Not at all how I pictured Davos but I daresay he's perfect. I've watched the episode twice but only now it dawns on me - did he have his pouch?I think Richard Madden has really grown in his portrayal of Robb and I really enjoy his scenes. I'm glad they're expanding his participation this season. This carting Jaime around from battle to battle though - really? No Riverrun? How will that work with Catelyn down the road? Maybe it and various Tullys will show up but I expect not. At any rate, I liked his scene with Jaime and the business conference projector direwolf.Jack Gleason is exceptional as Joffrey. I'll miss him as much as I won't miss him, if you know what I mean.I wonder just how little Daenerys we'll get. I'll be ok with very little, so long as we get the House of the Undying. Beyond that, her parts in the book did nothing for me. And I hope that moment she had with what'shisface is just a misinterpretation, by apparently everyone who watched the season premiere.Iceland/The Wall/Beyond the Wall, gorgeous. Craster's Keep not at all what I envisioned and yet, didn't hate it or the actor. I don't think you need to be unwashed to be creepy. He was creepy and unbalanced in his portrayal, just like Craster.The Littlefinger/Cersei scene was what? An opportunity for Lena Headey to deliver a great (and ironic) line? I can understand changes and adding scenes, like the talk she and Robert had last season. That was nice. This was not. The portion of the audience that hasn't read the books doesn't need to be beaten over the head. Oi.Roz. Goddamnit. Roz, you red-headed whore. Well, that scene in the brothel was the table setting for her as Chataya and a vehicle for the bastard baby killing. Two birds, one whore.Still hate Shae and The Hound and though we didn't see him, Loras. Looking forward to Natalie Dormer, though seriously, she's way older than Tommen. Just sayin'.We should all keep this is mind for the rest of the season:More or less deviations from the book this season?Weiss: Definitely more, only because there are characters who are off screen in the book. A lot of the changes keep people front and center who are very important characters.Benioff: Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re adapting â<U+0080><U+009C>A Song of Ice and Fire.â<U+0080><U+009D> So weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re bringing in elements from [Book 3] A Storm of Swords. We donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think of this season as being strictly an adaptation of A Clash of Kings, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really a continuation of our adaptation of the series as a whole. For our purposes, moving some stuff forward helps a lot and pushing some stuff back helps us a lot.http://insidetv.ew.c...kageID=20470532
1563	Jory	2012-04-02	Is Shireen truly gone? I don't think they can do this... Stannis may very well die eventually, and then Shireen will be a queen. They can't omit her completely. Even if Stannis does not die (as I believe) this whole Greyscale thing will come into play. Shireen will start an epidemic (just as Lord Jon might do in the south). Perhaps she is even going to become that 'stone beast' from Dany's vision...The fact that only Selyse was seen during the pyre scene is no proof that Shireen has been cut. She is a child, and it was night. I guess Selyse, Shireen, Ser Axell, Lord Alester, and Edric Storm (who most likely will be introduced as Stannis's ward) will be cast in season 3. If ASoS is going to be three seasons, Stannis will have to talk to somebody on Dragonstone who is not Mel or Davos.Since there will be not that much scenes on Dragonstone this season (Stannis should leave the island in episode 3, perhaps already next episode), so the omission of Shireen, Ser Axell etc. is something I can live with. At least for this season. If they are not introduced next season, I will be truly pissed. Just as pissed as I will be if we don't get the Tullys (Hoster, Edmure, and Brynden) in season 3.Yes. Spoiler for episode 2 (is this even a thing?): 
	Spoiler http://29.media.tumb...9h4heo1_500.jpg
1564	DannySpud	2012-04-02	I wish they hadn't changed Cleos Frey.  I get that they wanted the name Lannister so that the relationship is clear, but I love the entangled marriage alliances in the book.  Having Freys married to Lannisters and Edmure Tully and Roose Bolton was great because it made it hard to tell whom Lord Frey would favor on any given day!  Also, it means we won't have Genna Lannister.  I really like that character because she could disagree with Tywin AND pinch the Kingslayer's cheek--who wouldn't love someone with that type of confidence!  She's also one of the few people who might know if J+A=C&J, as some theorists believe.Yeah, I agree that the Lannister name makes it clear exactly where his allegiances are.I can never follow these parentage equations, I think I get C&J, but who are J+A?
1565	Hyper	2012-04-02	Iceland/The Wall/Beyond the Wall, gorgeous. Craster's Keep not at all what I envisioned and yet, didn't hate it or the actor. I don't think you need to be unwashed to be creepy. He was creepy and unbalanced in his portrayal, just like Craster.FYI - We haven't actually seen any footage shot in Iceland in the show yet. All the stuff around Craster's Keep was shot in Northern Ireland. We won't see Iceland footage until middle of the season, probably.
1566	teemo	2012-04-02	I do think it's odd how Shireen/Patchface/Selyse are cut.  Like Lord Varys says, Shireen could be a queen one day, and the greyscale thing with her and Val seemed to have some unknown significance in aDwD.  However, GRRM has mentioned that he gives the writers a general gist of what's to happen in the future if anything ever happens to him.  Maybe it's sort of a stretch, but is it possible that GRRM told the writers not to worry about them and they basically mean nothing in the long run?  Or maybe the writers are just going to take a different route with it if Stannis does ever sit the Iron Throne.
1567	kairparavel	2012-04-02	We don't need Shireen (except she introduces the concept of greyscale). We do need Patchface and his singing about under the sea.
ETA
We see Stannis grab a woman by the arm as they leave the beach. I assumed that was Selyse.
					
					
							Edited by kairparavel, 02 April 2012 - 07:59 PM.
1568	kairparavel	2012-04-02	FYI - We haven't actually seen any footage shot in Iceland in the show yet. All the stuff around Craster's Keep was shot in Northern Ireland. We won't see Iceland footage until middle of the season, probably.Really? Heh. I thought that shot of snowy mountains and trees was Iceland. I sit educated. Thanks. Gorgeous nonetheless.ETAAnd also, the season preview with Ygritte and Rattleshirt. I assume they're in Iceland for those shots.
					
					
							Edited by kairparavel, 02 April 2012 - 08:10 PM.
1569	turdle	2012-04-02	We don't need Shireen (except she introduces the concept of greyscale). We do need Patchface and his singing about under the sea.i did miss patchface. is he cast?
1570	teemo	2012-04-02	We see Stannis grab a woman by the arm as they leave the beach. I assumed that was Selyse.Yah, I thought I noticed that too.  No one else mentioned it though, so I thought I was just seeing something else.
1571	DannySpud	2012-04-02	I do think it's odd how Shireen/Patchface/Selyse are cut.  Like Lord Varys says, Shireen could be a queen one day, and the greyscale thing with her and Val seemed to have some unknown significance in aDwD.  However, GRRM has mentioned that he gives the writers a general gist of what's to happen in the future if anything ever happens to him.  Maybe it's sort of a stretch, but is it possible that GRRM told the writers not to worry about them and they basically mean nothing in the long run?  Or maybe the writers are just going to take a different route with it if Stannis does ever sit the Iron Throne.I don't think we can infer anything from GRRM's influence on the show with regards to future books. I think her only possible influence in the future would be with the greyscale, and they can totally do that with a different character. I think as long as GRRM can see a way of writing stuff back in he'll let them make the changes they need to.
1572	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-02	Loved Greywind's meeting Jaime; the CGI works well (and on teeny Drogon too!).  I would prefer less, not more, of Ros; but she seems to have climbed the brothel hierarchy so fast from new recruit to manager that I wonder if she's slept with Littlefinger.  The attack on and murder of baby Barra was horrifyingly real; though I'd like clarification on whether Cersei or Joffrey gave the order to eliminate Baratheon bastards.  Cersei looked physically better this season, especially her hair.  Her ambivalence; i.e. pleasure at being able to wield some power and concern over Joffrey's rising independence, came across well.Tyrion was terrific; and I liked his taking over the small council and beginning, at least trying to, take control of things.  Good interaction between him and the pale, subdued Sansa, and a good beginning to the Sansa/Dontos sub-plot.  (I really loved Sansa and the Hound's suddenly tag-teaming to save Dontos from Joffrey).  Not sure about Melisandre; but I like Stephen Dillane as Stannis.  I wondered whether Emilia Clarke did some working out between seasons; she doesn't look as soft this season.  Or perhaps it's because she's a pretty good actress.  Loved the bit with her trying to coax Drogon to eat.  Since I don't have cable TV, and only saw the first episode because a friend invited me to watch, I'm not sure when I'll get to watch the rest of the season, but I enjoyed the season premier.
1573	teemo	2012-04-02	lol this is funny...the author should be here nitpicking with everyone:http://www.wired.com...ame-of-thrones/
1574	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-02	I wonder if they're going to have Mel give Stannis a real child, in addition to shadow babies.
1575	nara	2012-04-02	Yeah, I agree that the Lannister name makes it clear exactly where his allegiances are.I can never follow these parentage equations, I think I get C&J, but who are J+A?There are some who believe that King Aerys is the father of Jaime and Cersei.  He was in love/lust with their mother, Joanna Lannister and "took liberties" during the bedding when she married Tywin.  Whether "liberties" extended to rape is anyone's guess.  The idea is that Aerys as a father would explain Cersei's persecution complex, love of wildfire, and the incest.  There's a thread about this on the forum.  Not a believer myself, but there is reason to think it might be true.  Hope that helps!
1576	Ser Cipher	2012-04-02	Yah, I thought I noticed that too.  No one else mentioned it though, so I thought I was just seeing something else.Yeah.  Also, if you look close he is initially turning to Mel, but he catches himself and motions to Selyse instead.
1577	DannySpud	2012-04-02	There are some who believe that King Aerys is the father of Jaime and Cersei.  He was in love/lust with their mother, Joanna Lannister and "took liberties" during the bedding when she married Tywin.  Whether "liberties" extended to rape is anyone's guess.  The idea is that Aerys as a father would explain Cersei's persecution complex, love of wildfire, and the incest.  There's a thread about this on the forum.  Not a believer myself, but there is reason to think it might be true.  Hope that helps!Thanks. I'm not sure about this, I vastly prefer the R+J one. That one has so much to it that when I first heard it I almost felt like I'd been spoiled.
1578	Mya Stone	2012-04-02	I rewatched it, and I truly think the scene between Dany and Rakharo was just to cement their bloodrider/khal(eesi) bond. I don't think anything romantic was meant by it. 
(Of course watch me be super wrong and Rakharo take over Daario's role...which would be wrong. I want a blue-haired pimp, dammit.)
1579	Fragile Bird	2012-04-02	The attack on and murder of baby Barra was horrifyingly real; though I'd like clarification on whether Cersei or Joffrey gave the order to eliminate Baratheon bastards.  I wondered whether Emilia Clarke did some working out between seasons; she doesn't look as soft this season.  Or perhaps it's because she's a pretty good actress.  Loved the bit with her trying to coax Drogon to eat.  I understood from the reviews done by Ran after seeing the 1st 4 episodes, that it's very clear Joffrey ordered the killings.  Part of the explanation is that Joffrey is a few years older in the HBO series than he is in the books, and it's natural to shift some things to him.  I think it makes him more evil, and while people have complained that it makes Cersei less evil, perhaps that's also why they added the strange Littlefinger/Cersei confrontation.In one of the interviews with the actress who plays Dany, Emilia Clarke, the interviewer notes that she was in much better shape by the end of season 1.  Emilia points out that Dany at the start is a soft city dweller, and by the end of the season she has been living the tough life of the Dothraki, and she's been riding a lot too, lol.  It was also pointed out in some stories about season 2 that filming conditions were pretty tough and at one point she fainted in the intense heat.  ie she did lose weight!
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 02 April 2012 - 09:16 PM.
1580	Lord Varys	2012-04-02	I just watched 'The Night Lands'. Don't ask how, I can't give away the little birds...
	Spoiler And Mel's explicit words are 'She [Selyse] is sickly. She is weak. She disgusts you. [...] And she has given you nothing. No sons. Only stillborns. Only death. I will give you a son my king.' (open end)

This might very well mean that Shireen is gone. Damn you, Benioff & Weiss, we all loved Shireen Baratheon! Even all those people who never explicitly stated as much! Everyone loves Shireen!
On the other hand, the series established back in season 1 that daughters came last in the line of succession, and since Mel did not explicitly say 'No son. No daughters.' nor 'No children.' there is still some hope left...
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 02 April 2012 - 09:35 PM.
1581	Boar Hunter	2012-04-02	Moving at a quick pace, seems to me that S2 is going to have a fair amount of ACOK in it. This may imply that they could wrap up all of the current books in 2 seasons. I hope I am wrong, talk me down. 7 books 7 seaasons right?ACOK, a Clash of Kings, is book 2, so I guess you meant A Storm of Swords. The episode definitely seemed like it was trying to cram in a lot of things, but book 2 is 200 pages longer than game of Thrones. there has been nothing IMO so far to indicate that multiple books will be covered in the same TV season. So.......I guess don't stress it?
1582	Jory	2012-04-02	I just watched 'The Night Lands'. Don't ask how, I can't give away the little birds...
	Spoiler And Mel's explicit words are 'She [Selyse] is sickly. She is weak. She disgusts you. [...] And she has given you nothing. No sons. Only stillborns. Only death. I will give you a son my king.' (open end)
This might very well mean that Shireen is gone. Damn you, Benioff & Weiss, we all loved Shireen Baratheon! Even all those people who never explicitly stated as much! Everyone loves Shireen!On the other hand, the series established back in season 1 that daughters came last in the line of succession, and since Mel did not explicitly say 'No son. No daughters.' nor 'No children.' there is still some hope left...Responding to his post:
	Spoiler Okay, since you've seen it, can you shed a little light on what the hell that scene is all about? I've heard a ton, but I'm really quite astonished by how stupid and weird the interaction seems. She promises him a son, but so what? It would be a bastard, and Stannis doesn't seem the type to legitimize his own bastard or whatever.I get that it's a setup for Renly's death and that it's a way to sort of clear Stannis' name - which I obviously appreciate - but the way they do it just seems so very strange and makes Stannis seem kind of... dumb?
1583	Leto Atreides	2012-04-02	Craster's Keep looked just like I imagined it, but not Craster himself. What a weird casting decision
I thought he would look like one of Tyrion's mountain men, or maybe Rasputin, but not a guy that looks like a Roman Patrician.
					
					
							Edited by Leto Atreides, 02 April 2012 - 09:39 PM.
1584	The Owl	2012-04-02	A few comments.. Loved the premier, but have a few gripes...
- I didn't like (but am not bothered too much) the Littlefinger/Cersei scene... creates a conflict that was never there, and it's hard to understand after a scene like this why she would offer him Harrenhal. 
- Joffery knowing about his lineage.... as far as I am aware Joff never knew about his true parentage in the books, or at least it was never mentioned explicitly.  But even in the Books Joff had to know the rumors...(hearing half kings landing shouting "brother f***er" at Cersei had to give him some impressions at the least... But to outright confront his mother about Stannis' allegations, and from what the show seemed to hint at even believe it..... it was a bit weird, but not too big of an issue.  
- And the one that has been discussed here as well, the semblance of Joff ordering the execution of Robert's bastards, I am pretty confident it was Cersei in the books, (when Yoren and crew is approached by Lannisters on the Kingsroad, it is stated that their charge comes from the Queen)... again not a big deal, and this change does fit with the other changed I mentioned in my last bullet point.
1585	Jaxom 1974	2012-04-02	I'm more worried about the fact that the Reeds never were cast.  The Tullys can easily fit in later on.  And Hoster has already been mentioned in Season 1 (although passingly) so it wouldn't be entirely strange to introduce them whenever.They seem to be going for the idea that it'll be the Helena Bonham Carter's Bellatrix Lestrange look-a-like as Osha taking over the Reeds' roles.  I hope that isn't an error.And not related, but I'm sorry but the actor playing Joffery just seems to me to be a variation on Draco Malfoy and it grates on me...I'm even more worried about Ramsay not being cast as far as I know. I've been telling people for a while that I'm concerned that they haven't cast him or the Reed children. Edmure has been delayed long enough that him showing up next season will just look weird.Casting Ramsay right now is a bit pre-mature.  Reek could be anyone at this point in such a minor role.  If, when, the show is continued on, well, we don't need to see Ramsay again for a couple more books...re-casting with a "name" shouldn't be an issue.ETA: Cressen's Death: I actually thought they did the best they could; they had to make it clear that Cressen was trying to poison Mel; that it not be as ham-handed as it was in the book (in the boiok everyone in the world knows what he's trying to do; and its left slightly ambiguous as to whether the posion was taken by Mel or if it stayed in the cup for Cressen) and that the poison worked.  By him drinking first it does two things: first, it's him saying "See, this drink is fine.  Look! I'm drinking from it."  Second, Cressen says that he is willing to die to expose Mel.  When Mel sees this she... drinks.  BAsically she is saying that these trivial tricks cannot harm her.Don't disagree with the assesment, but I still think the scene needed to be the first thing we see in the premiere.  The introduction of Stannis and Melisandre have a powerful impact upon the story as a whole.  It was stilted to have the scene 20 minutes, or whatever it was, into the episode.The Painted Table was cool though, if smaller than expected...I rewatched it, and I truly think the scene between Dany and Rakharo was just to cement their bloodrider/khal(eesi) bond. I don't think anything romantic was meant by it.Did they change the name of the third bloodrider...?
					
					
							Edited by Jaxom 1974, 02 April 2012 - 09:43 PM.
1586	The Owl	2012-04-02	Oh, and yeah..... please be writing Ros out of the script... what a horrible waste of screentime
1587	lmanion	2012-04-02	Loved it, watching it again now. Little things like Tyrions high cheekbones quip
-Luwin 'well we didnt want him here all day'
-the wolf dream seeing the comet for the first tim through Summers' eyes
-the comet linking the different locations/people
-Grey Wind! (enough said /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
-Crasters keep, it was exactly as I imagined it at first sight.
-Ros makes the tiniest bit more sense if she is going to be Chataya/Alayaya
-Dolorous Ed, Crasters still 'ere, must be doing something right.
-Craster was great the look was a bit off but everything else about him was spot on.
-Have now spotted 2 actors from the original cast of Skins - Gendry (Chris) and probably Gilly (Cassey)
-I'm about as interested in Mel/Stannis and the lord of light as I was when I read it = not very. However I always like Davos and the casting of him is spot on.
-Casting for Stannis was pretty good too.
-No ghost?
-The warging was done quite well
-We did get a quick sighting of Selyse as they walk away from the bonfires on Dragonstone.
-The table on Dragonstone was great
-Robb is going to be great this series
-The guy that plays Jaime is almost as good as Peter D with Tyrion. 'dont like to be called boy? insulted?' - enter Grey Wind and bricking shits lol
-I actually like Shae compared to the book but why is she in the Tower of the hand, I didn't think she was ever there to start with in the books?
-Joffrey I hated in the books and somehow hate even more in the show - Fantastic!
-The whorehouse scene is fucking terrible with Ros quoting Littlefinger, the second part of the scene would have been enough with her explaining about the place to the new girl.
-Janos Slynt has come good in this season, in the books I always thought he was pretty terrible but that didnt seem to come across in the first season.
-I like the idea of joff being behind murdering the bastards.
-F you directors for teasing us with Arya right at the end can't wait to see more of her and of Gendry this season, apart from them I was mainly looking forward to John and the story North of the wall. Of course after the first season and this episode I cant wait to see Tyrion and Robb/Grey Wind
-Cersei vs Petyr, I actually liked this scene its not really about Petyr he taunts her about the letter that Stannis has sent out to the kingdom is the way I'm seeing it, using something that has become a fairly widespread rumour, but also there is a hint that he already knew and didn't use the power of that knowledge against her before. Its more a scene to show 'crazy' Cersei as she will become and Petyr realises how completely nuts she is going to become.
Just to complain slightly
4 and a half minutes before anything new happens really?
Sandor swaps hands in the fight at the start when the camera view changes
Sansa annoys me and always did in the books
Dontos and his armour - I think someone mentioned Captain America
Although Joffrey in the scene was awesome the looks he gives Sansa at various times.
Rakharo and Dany sexual tension seriously? Maybe they are plugging the gap between Drogo and Daario for Dany. (possible pun intended /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
Must have more Bronn, Shagga, Varys and there can never be enough Tyrion!
1588	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-02	Don't disagree with the assesment, but I still think the scene needed to be the first thing we see in the premiere.  The introduction of Stannis and Melisandre have a powerful impact upon the story as a whole.  It was stilted to have the scene 20 minutes, or whatever it was, into the episode.The Painted Table was cool though, if smaller than expected...I agree with this. The entire Dragonstone sequence with Stannis, Melisandre, Davos and Cressen occurred without once cutting to another story, so they easily could have placed it at the start of the episode before the opening credits, like last year. Not sure how long that sequence was, but it probably wasn't that much longer than the cold opening last year. Then again, they probably put it later because of Stannis' letters being mentioned right after.
1589	Dacie	2012-04-02	Sorry I haven't read through all 400+ posts on this thread, but can someone tell me why in the world Stannis just left "Lightbringer" stuck in the sand on the beach?! Really kind of devalued it's importance to the story IMO.
1590	Mya Stone	2012-04-02	Sorry I haven't read through all 400+ posts on this thread, but can someone tell me why in the world Stannis just left "Lightbringer" stuck in the sand on the beach?! Really kind of devalued it's importance to the story IMO.I actually like it as a bit of characterization for Stannis. He leaves the sword the entire ceremony was construed for on the beach. He says the words, but doesn't fully commit to believing them. It shows that he's obviously not drinking all of Mel's Lord of Light Kool-Aid yet.
1591	DannySpud	2012-04-02	Did they change the name of the third bloodrider...?Yeah, Jhogo was changed to whatever he is called in the show (I forget). Sounds too much like Drogo out loud.Oh, and yeah..... please be writing Ros out of the script... what a horrible waste of screentimeWhat is with all this hate for Ros (not just you, apparently everyone)? I never had a problem with her, sometimes her scenes were a bit gratuitous but it never bothered me. And her character makes sense too, saves the writers establishing "this is a whore" every time and gives characters opportunity for exposition that would have been done internally in the books.
1592	DannySpud	2012-04-02	By the way, Stannis leaves Lightbringer in the ground in the books, I quote:Thrust in the ground, Lightbringer still glowed ruddy hot, but the flames that clung to the sword were dwindling and dying. By the time the song was done, only charwood remained of the gods, and the kings patience had run its course. He took the queen by the elbow and escorted her back into Dragonstone, leaving Lightbringer where it stood.
1593	Lord Godric	2012-04-02	Some people here are complaining about people complaining about the whole Cressen thing.  Well, I will just say that I was sitting with my boyfriend and when that scene happened, he was totally lost.  "Who is that old guy?  Why is he poisoning her?  Why does he even care?  Why doesn't he care that he dies himself?  Why he is bleeding from the mouth?"  I had to pause and explain things for about three minutes.  If you're a book-reader, it's not really necessary to know the whole story, but for just the tv viewer - they could have thrown a sentence or two in there to make it a little more clear.I don't see the problem with not explaining every little detail to the viewers in the first scene ever.  The necessary information was conveyed. Cressen didn't like this woman and was willing to kill himself to stop her.  That was really all that was needed.  Eventually Melisandre and Stannis will be explained further and why people don't like her will become apparent.  But I don't think viewers need to be catered to that much where all the nuances need to be explained asap.  A little mystery won't kill anyone.
1594	Hyper	2012-04-02	Sorry I haven't read through all 400+ posts on this thread, but can someone tell me why in the world Stannis just left "Lightbringer" stuck in the sand on the beach?! Really kind of devalued it's importance to the story IMO.By the way, Stannis leaves Lightbringer in the ground in the books, I quote: /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> And that pretty much summarizes a significant number of 'purist' complaints.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 02 April 2012 - 11:20 PM.
1595	teemo	2012-04-02	I don't see the problem with not explaining every little detail to the viewers in the first scene ever.  The necessary information was conveyed. Cressen didn't like this woman and was willing to kill himself to stop her.  That was really all that was needed.  Eventually Melisandre and Stannis will be explained further and why people don't like her will become apparent.  But I don't think viewers need to be catered to that much where all the nuances need to be explained asap.  A little mystery won't kill anyone.True.  It's just when the focus in on a scene where one person in particular is dying, viewers tend to get very interested in who that person is and why the hell they should care, and it can be a little frustrating. I noted that this was the only time in the whole show my boyfriend asked any questions about what was going on.  He's pretty sharp and saw all of the first season.  A sentence or two from Cressen could have fixed it.  It was an odd scene.  Well, I'm going to go re-watch it now, maybe I'll see it differently. I don't know.  It's so hard for me to tell sometimes what is confusing and whatnot since I've read the books so many times.
					
					
							Edited by dannister, 02 April 2012 - 11:36 PM.
1596	Hyper	2012-04-02	I do think it's odd how Shireen/Patchface/Selyse are cut.  Like Lord Varys says, Shireen could be a queen one day, and the greyscale thing with her and Val seemed to have some unknown significance in aDwD.  However, GRRM has mentioned that he gives the writers a general gist of what's to happen in the future if anything ever happens to him.  Maybe it's sort of a stretch, but is it possible that GRRM told the writers not to worry about them and they basically mean nothing in the long run?  Or maybe the writers are just going to take a different route with it if Stannis does ever sit the Iron Throne.While we cannot know for sure that GRRM doesn't have a big destiny for Shireen, I think she is a reasonable character to cut. They just have to do a LOT of cutting - the books have a cast of thousands, and they cannot simply keep all smaller characters that people may get attached to.As for 'greyscale', she is not the last character in the story to suffer from it. Many have the disease, and others will be able to showcase it. We do need Patchface and his singing about under the sea.Why???
1597	wolverine	2012-04-02	My 2 cents:
Sansa was fine, the rest of the scene was more awkward IMO.  The whole scene just seemed off.  It seemed a little ridiculous where they were fighting.
Having reread the books I started to like Tyrion more and more, the tv series is increasing how much I like Tyrion also (on the first read I kind of hated him).
Craster was way too civilized in appearance, as was his hall, but his attitude and acting was spot on.  I though the ax they gave him was some big intimidating battle ax, not the weeny little hatchet he got on the show.
From what I saw I took that Joffrey ordered the executions of the bastards.  The tv series seems to continually make Cersei much less of an evil bitch than she is and I personally don't like that.  I want all the viewers to hate her as much as she should be hated.
Ros sucks and I am really sick of her.
I did not like the LF vs. Cersei scene.
When I first saw Jorah in season 1 I was not impressed but I thinkn he has grown on me and does a pretty damn good job.
Mel was not impressive to me and Maester Cressen's assassination attempt was detestably pathetic.
I had no idea that was Dolorous Ed talking to Jon, Sam and Grenn.
1598	Dacie	2012-04-02	Thanks Mya Stone and DannySpud for refreshing my memory /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1599	koftroy	2012-04-03	I agree with many of you as I wrote somewhere last night. 
Crastor what was uo with that? He was described as disgusting more Lord Frey..not so clean cut.
Ghost? Jon is always with him, he is key to his character development; where the hell is he?
Jon was not as belligerent at this point as they make him out to be. He is my fave character but hotheaded or rash, he kinda lost that after they left the wall. Okay Kit Harrington is a babe, and he plays Jon well. But he was an okay looking guy, but pretty? Never. He is starting to look stronger, but this book feature Jon prominently.  He does however have the hard look in his eyes and does not smile, just like Dad.
Cersei? Lord Baelish? What was that about? He would never have been that stupid.  I still hate the way she is portrayed; as passive aggressive. She was fiercely protective of Joffrey who would never have spoken to her that way, and she starts to become paranoid and surrounds herself with many not so bright people on the Council.  She was a loud mouthed, conniving, dangerously manipulative woman; this is not who I see...except with how she walks around with her little guards.
The murders of the Bastards, much like Jaime's  escape attempt were background noise in the book, but it did happen, and they chose to show it. Great segway into Arya btw, who remember thinks the soldiers want her? But it is Gendry they are looking for.
Direwolves look amazing. I liked Bran's dream and my fave moment is when he looks at the reflection and for a minute it looks like Arya. Good move as we know she has the wolf dreams as well.
Sansa: is Sansa. Yes she acts as a prisoner , beaten into submission. But she has figured out how to act, she is not bright enough to ever be as strong as the other Starks.
Tyrion: perfection. And how gorgeous is Croatia?
I also find it interesting, which is why Tyrion asked where he was on the battlefield, how Joffrey is the least king of them all. All he does is torture people and act like a sociopath in a playground given to him by his mother. I finally realized after all this time...he does nothing.
Actually, featuring Robb more prominently was great. As we never see his POV. He has changed greatly, and has grown, and I think presently is the only one acting like a future king.  I really liked how they showed the lines in his face when saying good bye to his mother. It shows how quickly his youth has faded. Oh and I was wondering why he did not ask for ICE back either? That was weird too...that 
sword is a big deal.
Finally Melisandre....should shine brighter and in the last book we learned she is powerful, sees things, but does not always know what they ate? She makes educated guesses.
Also Lightbringer shined because of that green stuff, remember? Jon knows it is fake and I think Stannis does too. But I wrote about that in my blog. So that is it!
1600	PhoenixFlame	2012-04-03	Ok, finally got HBO GO sorted out!
- Erm, I friggin love the kid who plays Joffrey. I'm in a TV symposium class and the GOT writers came and talked to us. One said that the kid who plays Joffrey is absolutely a sweetheart in real life (he's a theology/philosophy double major at Trinity). Damn that kid's a good actor! Wow, I haven't felt this much awed revulsion for a character in a crazy long time. 
- I got so sad when Dany lost her Silver, saying it was the first thing Drogo gave her. I'm intrigued she may have something with the blood rider. Dad's comment "Uh oh are Jorah and Rokaro going to fight over her?"
- Tyrion <333 One moment I loved was the slight twinge in his tone when he spoke to Sansa. Subtle but really effective. Recounting his adventures to the council was hilarious too.
- Did Littlefinger always do that weird lip thing? I love the actor but that was so distracting. I loved how shaken he got though. He's so sly and stealthy but deep down still a wounded preteen. 
- Jaime <33...please don't shave all his hair off. 
- Cersei is much more interesting this season. I cracked up when she misunderstood what Joffrey was talking about. The dead silence when she slapped Joffrey /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
- Is Ros becoming the fat crier from Rome? Regardless of how crazy the situation was, that tubby crier was a frickin' survivor. 
- I'm liking Robb more here than in the books. 
From a filming standpoint, I do question the order of the first few scenes. Ultimately though, I don't think the Dragonstone scene was as engaging as the nameday scene, so I can see why it wasn't first. I didn't care about that chapter in the book either though...it took me a bit longer to care about the significance of it.
1601	Lord Godric	2012-04-03	I can't believe i'm actually going to defend Roz, but here goes:
I hated Roz in season 1. She was a tool for sexposition and nothing more. But I didn't mind her in this episode. Her presence brought us to the brothel, where we saw the beginning of the slaughter of the bastards. Roz had a place in this episode that didn't seem gratuitous, like she did all of last season.  I'm not defending the decision to put her in the series, but we know she's there and I think the reaction to her I've seen on this forum for this particular episode is based on how they used her last. The responses I've seen here all appear a little melodramatic. 
I'll probably eat these words the second Roz is in a gratuitous sex scene, but for this episode she actually was a character that seemed to fit.
1602	Mauvka	2012-04-03	No one's mentioned it yet specifically, but I really liked the Tyrion/Shae scene.  She's grown on me since the first season. I think here she is genuinely joyful to be in the big city.  To see Tyrion basking in that happiness (where the two of them lounge on the bed in the sunlight) is rather heart-wrenching.  You can see in that scene that he's already forgotten that she is a whore, and is falling for the illusion.
1603	LuisDantas	2012-04-03	Did I miss the hints of Joffrey being behind the killing of bastards?
I do not think he is.  Joffrey is very direct and he even asks Cersei if there are bastards of Robert Baratheon.  To me that means that he believes there are none.  Even if he knew, how would he learn such specifics as the whereabouts of Barra and Gendry?
A Joffrey that learns and hides that much information and holds so much actual power would be frightening, but neither the books nor the series portray him as such. Yet.
1604	Peter1982	2012-04-03	I allready was very positive about the episode, but there was one thing I really missed: the three idiots from the Hill tribes: Shaga son of Dolf, Timett son of Timett and the third, the women. I just loved that in the books. I saw them walking behind Tyrion, but they should be introduced. But maybe it is just to much...
1605	Peter1982	2012-04-03	It is clearly Cersei. Janos Slynt is introduced as working for Cersei and doing everything for her. When asked who gave the orders, he says: "someone who doesnt care wat Petyr Bealish thinks". Ofcourse Jofrey doesnt care, but Cersei and LF just had that fit together. So it is very logical to see Cersei as the murderer
1606	Howdyphillip	2012-04-03	Oh, and yeah..... please be writing Ros out of the script... what a horrible waste of screentimeI wanted to add something to the Ros discussion. I have read hundreds of posts complaining about her, and I just don't hold the same position. First of all, the books in and of themselves are fairly sexually explicit in nature. Instead of tracking down every lewd moment with every side character that would confuse the crap out of the audience, Ros has been added to sustain the spirit of the books. Plus, as a whore, she is the perfect character to tell back story and narrative. It is completely believable that people would open up and tell secrets after a sexual encounter. If the show did not have this character, we would lose a vehicle for delivery and the TV audience would not be able to understand the story.Add all of this to the fact that she is smoking hot, and you will never here me complain about any scenes with her in them. As a matter of fact, I hope this series goes on until a conclusion, and in the end someone does a 30 minute video montage of all of the coached sex scenes.
1607	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	I didn't even recognize that that was supposed to be Dolorous Edd the first time around. Upon watching it the second time, I'm pretty disappointed in their casting choice as well as his blah introduction.
1608	DaveSumm	2012-04-03	Gotta agree that Stannis's scene should have opened the episode. The Tyrion arrival scene, while fine by itself, felt more like we'd just returned from commercials and we were midway through the episode. It really wasn't a season opening scene. Plus the confusion mentioned from the non-book viewers regarding who Mel, Davos and Cressen were would have been vastly softened if it was a pre-credits, I don't think anyone expects to fully understand an opening scene like that. Just as Waymer & Co at the start of Season 1 was unconnected to anything. Plus, I can't think of any reason not to reshuffle the episode to implement this other than they just panicked about opening with unfamiliar faces and bottled it.
This episode was essentially setting up character arcs, so even though it wasn't the best episode by itself I'll gladly accept this for the pay off of a more thorough telling of the meat of aCoK. I haven't compared it with book pages, but it certainly felt like more than a tenth of the book was covered: Crasters Keep's done, Dany's already sent off her bloodriders, the City Guard are off after Gendry already. So I have every hope it will be a great season.
1609	Haymaker	2012-04-03	Don't get some of the hate I see for the Little Finger/Cersei scene.  LF has the same type of back and forth quips with Varys as seen mutliple times in season 1.  So its not a stretch that he would have some type of comeback to Cersei who threw the first quip at him.  To the content of his jab back at Cersei, the incest is a well established rumor at this point, so its not some coveted information he has.  He is just indirectly telling a known rumored embarrassing story about Cersei as Cersei did to him.  The only stupid thing he did was underestimate Cersei's "power" which was the point of the entire scene!
With that said I also liked how they ended the epsiode with the bastard purge.  This event is a major catalysts as it has a profound effect on Arya's eventual journey, So it felt right that HBO played it up in order to justify the hunt for Gendry.
Only negative, as other have mentioned, is the Cressen poisioning.  Just too rushed.  Ever since reading ACOK over the summer, I pictured that prolog from the book being a perfect opening to season 2.
1610	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-03	I didn't even recognize that that was supposed to be Dolorous Edd the first time around. Upon watching it the second time, I'm pretty disappointed in their casting choice as well as his blah introduction.I loved the casting of Edd for looks, just how I imagined him. They just didn't give him any good lines last night.Overall a great episode. The 'bastard hunting' was brutal, but pretty much perfect. A shame we didn't get to see Arya properly, but we know we will next week. It's clear Robb will be a big character, which is great for me as he is the bloody tits.
1611	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	I loved the casting of Edd for looks, just how I imagined him. They just didn't give him any good lines last night.They definitely should have included, if not introduced him with, his sarcastic wit. Without it he's a random extra.
1612	Happy Ent	2012-04-03	Add all of this to the fact that she is smoking hot, and you will never here me complain about any scenes with her in them. As a matter of fact, I hope this series goes on until a conclusion, and in the end someone does a 30 minute video montage of all of the coached sex scenes.Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my take on that.I somewhat like the series because of its high level of verisimilitude. People are ugly. Things are dirty. Life sucks. People eat, shit, hurt each other, betray, are afraid, whine. I like that in the books, and I like it in the tv series.Now, in the middle of all that internally consistent visual atmosphere they drop incredibly awkward sex scenes with women who are unbelievably beautiful, well-fed, and well built. Whores just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t look like that. Maybe at Chatayaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s, but even then itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a stretch.A TV film with realistic sex? Sure, why not. A TV film with sex scenes whose body image looks like something cut-and-pasted from a 90s soft porn movie . No thanks. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an embarrassment and demeaning. I feel intellectually and visually insulted.
1613	boojam	2012-04-03	A technical point.
I love the 'comet transitions' that looked beautiful.
But, at Dragonstone the sky looked totally clouded over, maybe I missed something.
The comet can't be underneath the clouds!
Even fantasy writers dont need to jar reality that much!
Dragons, dire wolves, poison drinking priestesses are fantastical and ok in context , but comets , just as they are , are doubly miracle.
(Well some writers might, but good ones don't do it even with artistic license in mind.)
Noticed the cut to Robb's camp, cloudy also, but no comet.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 03 April 2012 - 05:46 AM.
1614	lmanion	2012-04-03	They definitely should have included, if not introduced him with, his sarcastic wit. Without it he's a random extra."I was born in a place like this then I fell on hard times"and"Craster is still here, he must be doing something right"These didn't fit the bill?
1615	boojam	2012-04-03	Watched again last night.
No problem with any sequence or character.
But was thinking D&D should have ordered the first two scenes this way.
Start out at Winterfell end with the pan to the comet as Osha watches.
There is a great transistion line here, "The comet means one thing, boy. Dragons." 
Cut to the pan down from the comet to Dany.
Cut to the a pan down from the comet to KL....
Would have used the comet in every transition.
Very last .... Arya looks in the sky and sees the comet.
Roll credits.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 03 April 2012 - 05:57 AM.
1616	Mark Antony	2012-04-03	episode 2 leaked by the way.
1617	lmanion	2012-04-03	Watched again last night.No problem with any sequence or character.But was thinking D&D should have ordered the first two scenes this way.Start out at Winterfell end with the pan to the comet as Osha watches.There is a great transistion line here, "The comet means one thing, boy. Dragons."Cut to the pan down from the comet to Dany.Cut to the a pan down from the comet to KL....Would have used the comet in every transition.Very last .... Arya looks in the sky and sees the comet.Roll credits.Last transition with comet from KL Slynt looks out of the armourers building at the cometPans down to Gendry helping arya up onto the wagon
1618	TC_Chaos	2012-04-03	Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my take on that.I somewhat like the series because of its high level of verisimilitude. People are ugly. Things are dirty. Life sucks. People eat, shit, hurt each other, betray, are afraid, whine. I like that in the books, and I like it in the tv series.Now, in the middle of all that internally consistent visual atmosphere they drop incredibly awkward sex scenes with women who are unbelievably beautiful, well-fed, and well built. Whores just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t look like that. Maybe at Chatayaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s, but even then itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a stretch.A TV film with realistic sex? Sure, why not.A TV film with sex scenes whose body image looks like something cut-and-pasted from a 90s soft porn movie . No thanks. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an embarrassment and demeaning. I feel intellectually and visually insulted.So instead of seeing hot chicks naked and doing it, you want more realism like the scene when Hodor was naked and running to Bran in the godswood? I think the character of Ros is fine. Every character on the show are too pretty anyways compare to what's in the books (except a few maybe). And again, this is a fantasy world, so who's to say the whores can't be pretty and they don't pretend to like you just for your money. *wink*
					
					
							Edited by TC_Chaos, 03 April 2012 - 09:19 AM.
1619	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-03	"I was born in a place like this then I fell on hard times"and"Craster is still here, he must be doing something right"These didn't fit the bill?They were good lines, but the sound was down too much and they were rushed over. I only heard them because I was waiting for some Edd classic. My wife missed them completely and wondered why I was so excited by an 'extra'.
1620	Happy Ent	2012-04-03	So instead of seeing hot chicks naked and doing it, you want more realism like the scene when Hodor was naked and running to Bran in the godswood? Nah, I can live without that as well. But if there has to be sex (or defecation) in such a show just because it can be argued that these things are part of everybodyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life then Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d like it to be consistent with the level of verisimilitude otherwise portrayed.But I can live without tits and ass in my visual entertainment, easily. Or Hodorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s junk.
1621	Northern Girl 30	2012-04-03	I hope the Brynden Tully, aka Blackfish is casted. I didn't hear any news on that.
1622	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-03	The direwolf dream scene gave me goosebumps. Absolutely awesome that was.
I'm guessing that not everyone was a fan of the added "power is power" scene but I thought it was pretty neat. I trust D&D for now, they seem to know what they are doing. They may butcher the book a bit but I believe it's all for the greater good of the TV show.
1623	TC_Chaos	2012-04-03	I do think it's odd how Shireen/Patchface/Selyse are cut.  Like Lord Varys says, Shireen could be a queen one day, and the greyscale thing with her and Val seemed to have some unknown significance in aDwD.  However, GRRM has mentioned that he gives the writers a general gist of what's to happen in the future if anything ever happens to him.  Maybe it's sort of a stretch, but is it possible that GRRM told the writers not to worry about them and they basically mean nothing in the long run?  Or maybe the writers are just going to take a different route with it if Stannis does ever sit the Iron Throne.I think its ok to cut Patchface. He is such a cartoon character and wouldn't fit the show. He's only in the book to serve as Shireen's only friend. His description in the book makes him seem as if he came straight out of Spongebob Squarepants. The show overall tone is darker now so he wouldn't fit, just like all the singing from the singers they cut out from the book.
1624	Northern Girl 30	2012-04-03	What's the deal with Silver dying?? Do you think they are replacing Silver's death with Doreah's, the handmaid? She does die in the Red Waste..Do they think she has more TV appeal because she is cute and taught Dany about sex?
I don't get it...
1625	lmanion	2012-04-03	What's the deal with Silver dying?? Do you think they are replacing Silver's death with Doreah's, the handmaid? She does die in the Red Waste..Do they think she has more TV appeal because she is cute and taught Dany about sex?I don't get it...I think that is exactly itPlus Horses cost money hence the severe lack of horses in season 1 and S2 ep1
					
					
							Edited by lmanion, 03 April 2012 - 09:35 AM.
1626	Drinking Cersei's Tears	2012-04-03	What's the deal with Silver dying?? Do you think they are replacing Silver's death with Doreah's, the handmaid? She does die in the Red Waste..Do they think she has more TV appeal because she is cute and taught Dany about sex?I don't get it...Doreah's definitely not dying.  In season one, they pretty much wrote out Irri/Jhiqui (not sure which one) after the dragon egg/moon scene.
1627	Northern Girl 30	2012-04-03	Yes a silver horse must be costly.....
1628	Sheep the Evicted	2012-04-03	episode 2 leaked by the way.It didn't "leak" in the technical sense; its open to any US viewers with HBO Go. I was wondering if the second episode thread would be open for those veiwers but apparently not.
1629	True Northerner	2012-04-03	I think its ok to cut Patchface. He is such a cartoon character and wouldn't fit the show. He's only in the book to serve as Shireen's only friend. His description in the book makes him seem as if he came straight out of Spongebob Squarepants. The show overall tone is darker now so he wouldn't fit, just like all the singing from the singers they cut out from the book.While Patchface is a fool, he is also a really dark character. I think he would fit in nicely, and am sad he won't be part of the show? Is that for sure? I mean it's only been one episode... he may come in?
1630	Lady Lilac	2012-04-03	It was a good episode, not the best, but a good way to start off a new season, getting viewers back in the feeling of the Westeros-verse.
A few things I found weird though:
1)No more Cleos Frey and instead they replaced him with a non-blond Lannister.
2)Why did they change Jhogo's name?
3)Shae was in the Tower of the Hand with Tiryon...
And apparently Ros's back, at least she had her clothes on for the entire scene. I'm wondering if she'll replace Chataya from the books.
The scene with Robb and Jamie was awesome though. And Grey Wind. Now that's how to make an entrance XD. I was a bit worried when I first heard the Direwolves will be CGI, but so far looks good.
And I don't think I've ever wanted to cuddle Drogon so much as during that scene with him on Dany's shoulder.
1631	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-03	It didn't "leak" in the technical sense; its open to any US viewers with HBO Go. I was wondering if the second episode thread would be open for those veiwers but apparently not.It's not on HBO Go in the US.
1632	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-03	Not sure why they changed Jhogo's name. Unless they killed off a Dothraki called Jhogo in season 1?
1633	int11	2012-04-03	Not sure why they changed Jhogo's name. Unless they killed off a Dothraki called Jhogo in season 1?Jhogo sounds very much like Drogo and Drogon, just as Asha sounds like Osha. Don't know if that's the reason, though.
1634	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-03	Not sure why they changed Jhogo's name. Unless they killed off a Dothraki called Jhogo in season 1?Too similar to Drogo.  Easy for a reader but creates unnecessary confusion for viewers.And actually they didn't change the name, they just left Jhogo out and made Rakharo the primary bloodrider.
1635	tearloch	2012-04-03	Sorry, I haven't read all the other posts here, but a couple of questions/thoughts/ramblings:1. So its pretty much confirmed that the wonder twins Reed kids have been axed by HBO, and Osha will be Bran's guide to the power of the Old Gods (in place of JoJen).  I get it from a casting POV, but the Reeds were big parts of the next 4 books (well, 3 I guess).  This raises several issues.  Who will take Rickon when they flee Winterfell?  My money is on Maester Luwin surviving, and taking Rickon, only to die off later (like once Davos finds him).....  Hodor has to go with Bran to carry him.  Also, how does this play with the introduction of Howland Reed?  I had hoped Howland would play an instrumental role in the future the the series, but without his kids building up his intro for 3-4 seasons, how will they introduce him?  Or if he is cut as well, who will tell Jon of the truth of his parentage (whoever it may be)?2. No Blackfish?  C'mon!  I was really hoping to see the Blackfish in action on the screen.   Does this mean all my ramblings about my hopes that the Blackfish is the Hooded Man in Winterfell are dashed? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />   I guess Davos is #1 on my list now......3. Dany and her little "moment" with her (renamed?) bloodrider?  Are they cutting out Dario in the future?  I guess that it makes sense, but I don't like it.  Maybe HBO is trying to make Dany more heroic, and Dario would have put a damper on that, being the oh so naughty bad boy type.....Oh, BTW, I absolutely hate the Lannister soldier armor (mainly in Kings Landing).  It looks too samurai for me (would fit Dorne better, IMO).
1636	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-03	Too similar to Drogo.  Easy for a reader but creates unnecessary confusion for viewers.And actually they didn't change the name, they just left Jhogo out and made Rakharo the primary bloodrider.If they didn't change the name they made new character take Jhogo's role as he was one of the riders that went looking for civilisation. Obviously Rakharo will be the main bloodrider, that was evident for season 1, but they didn't need to replace him completely.TV viewers (ones of a good show like this at least) aren't stupid, we can handle similar sounding names.
1637	boojam	2012-04-03	Oh, BTW, I absolutely hate the Lannister soldier armor (mainly in Kings Landing).  It looks too samurai for me (would fit Dorne better, IMO).That's funny, I like that armor, tho it looks more ornamental than functional.Always thought the Gold Cloaks had strange uniforms, tho they are passable.The disgusted Gold Cloak was a great touch.
1638	Bastard of the White Knife	2012-04-03	While Patchface is a fool, he is also a really dark character. I think he would fit in nicely, and am sad he won't be part of the show? Is that for sure? I mean it's only been one episode... he may come in?They CAN'T cut out Patchface!  They can take my Blackfish, they can pretend the Reed children don't exist, but they cannot cut Patchface! /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1639	Mauvka	2012-04-03	I'm not sure why everyone is panicking about Dario getting cut.  Doesn't he only appear at the end of book 3?  I'm sure HBO won't pass up the chance to show Dany's flamboyant lover...esp with the opportunity to contrast him against her political husband.
1640	Ran	2012-04-03	No discussion of episode 2, please, and no plans to open threads until the TV show airs in the US.
1641	Harimad	2012-04-03	In the preview for "in the coming weeks" it does look rather like Jojen's greendreams are being rolled into Bran's wolfdreams, and thereby eliminating the Reed children.  Not sure what this is going to mean for Bran's storyline after the end of aCoK, when he is making his way north - perhaps they have Osha go with Bran, and some nameless Winterfell retainer go off with Rickon.I will be so unhappy if they cut the Reed twins.I have to admit the skipping around between the different areas as well as skipping in the book has me confused.i just re-read ACOK but of course the beginning is already fuzzy. I agree they don't need all of the lead-up for Jon and the other prepping for the wall/riding through the snow, but since GRRMs timing always kind of throws me for a loop i'm wondering how out of order they're going to be.do we think this season will end with the RW?? that's a WHOLE lot of book to pack into 12 (is it ONLY 12??) episodes.
1642	theMountainGoat	2012-04-03	This episode felt awkward, but I think that was always going to be the case. I think they absolutely needed to include something from everyone in this first episode to set the stage, even if that did give some viewers the feeling that it was jumping around too much. I'd expect that to settle down in future episodes.Nice to see Dragonstone in the opening credits, however the design of it was all wrong. But then none of the artists have gotten anywhere close to depicting it correctly either. Not their fault since George has never really provided an adequate description of the place. At Worldcon last year he spoke about how Dragonstone is a dragon shaped castle created by the magic of the Valyrians who could mould stone like clay. It's not just a castle covered in dragon statues. It IS a stone dragon. But that's a minor detail, not worth being disappointed about.But there was much to be disappointed with in this episode:Littlefinger and CerseiPut me firmly in the camp of hating this scene. I've already posted in the other topic about this so I won't repeat myself here. But those who are trying to defend this scene please explain why this will not completely change the dynamic between these two characters and the way they interact in every scene from now on? Cersei knows that Littlefinger is perfectly aware of who Joffrey's father is. How could she ever trust him again or for that matter allow him to go on breathing at all? Cersei destroys threats and Petyr has now revealed himself to be a considerable threat with no room to doubt it whatsoever. This scene does not make sense, even within the context of the TV show and the different characterisations therein.CrasterIt's not only the way he looks, I have a big problem with the way he talks. It sounds like he was reciting Shakespeare rather than the creepy as fuck wildling he was meant to be. Robert Pugh is a great actor but he has been woefully miscast here. I agree with others who say Craster should have been very much like Lord Frey (have to say I don't recall the physical description of Craster from the books, those who point out he should be well built are probably right but I may have ignored that while reading and imagined someone else anyway, clearly I'm not alone in that), I'll go further and say that David Bradley who played Walder Frey in season one should have been cast as Craster, with someone older cast as Walder Frey, the character is supposed to be in his 90's after all. Maybe Robert Pugh should have then been cast as someone else as well, Wyman Manderly perhaps.Burning of the SevenIf I hadn't known from the books I don't believe I would have understood what was going on here. Not enough information conveyed in my opinion. Larry Williams and many other non-readers were confused about it and I don't blame them. Just one line about how it was disrespectful to burn the seven and adopt the red god would have cleared that up. While on the subject of Dragonstone I almost wish they had cut Maester Cressen out altogether if they were not going to do his story proper justice.Those were the worst parts of the episode, before continuing with minor complaints I want to list the good bits that I really enjoyed.Grey WindThis was the first properly awesome moment of season two. I think it looked great, a big improvement on the little friendly puppies they used last year. Well worth the effort.Dontos HollardYes I know they got the coat of arms wrong and I agree he did not appear drunk enough but I did fear they were going to cut the character out completely so I was glad to see him. I think some others who have already written the actor off as bad should hold back their judgement till we see him again. I completely disagree with those that said Sophie Turner was off, she got it just right in my opinion. Also nice to see Lothar Brune get a mention. I expect there are some book readers out there who don't know who Lothar Brune is. I hope he'll get a mention again in the correct place rather than the name being used just because they needed one.TyrionPeter Dinklage was great in every scene as he always is.Stannis and DavosI think Liam Cunningham is perfectly cast as Davos, great job. Pity there was no mention of his 'luck' in this episode but I'm sure that will come in a future episode. Stephen Dillane also did a great job as Stannis. The scene where he is making changes to the letter did a perfect job of explaining who this character is and why he is not loved by the people. All the best scenes stick closely to the source material and this one was almost verbatim until we got to the Cressen bit tacked on the end.InfanticideI had been wondering what they were going to end this first episode with and I think this was the exact right choice. It definitely makes things clearer to the viewer than it would have been if the goldcloaks had just simply turned up looking for Gendry without having had these scenes first. The ending definitely worked even though it meant we didn't really get to see Arya in this episode. I will be interested to see whether they include the confrontation between Lommy Greenhands and Arry in the next episode, what with Arry not having the wooden sword (after Maisie kept forgetting to pick the wooden sword up during the filming of the Pointy End scene and they ran out of time to go for another reshoot as they lost the light). But then I think the scene from the last episode of season one may have been intended to replace that anyway.Right then back to the griping:DaenerysNot disappointed with Dany at all, just certain details. The horse dying rather than Doreah. I think they should have replaced Doreah with someone else if they want to keep the character around. I guess they can just use any old horse for her when she reaches Yunkai but hopefully it will still be silvery white. As mentioned the 'moment' between Dany and Rakharo, we totally don't need a romance subplot there. Another little detail I didn't like here was the fact that she was not following the direction of the red comet. In fact it looked like they were going in the opposite direction to where the comet was pointing and then sending the riders out and one goes north-east. North-east? I know this is such a minor irrelevant quibble but couldn't they have got the directions right?Ros and sexpositionThis is exactly the kind of scene we don't need in this show. Pointless nudity and gratuitous simulated sex for no reason whatsoever. Ros parroting Littlefinger from the single worst scene of season one just reminded me of how awful that was and soured this scene as well. A double strike of crappiness in one. If the show runners want to avoid being called teenage masturbatory fantasy then stop putting in scenes like this, totally unnecessary.I disagree with the theory that Ros is taking over for Chataya/Alayaya in the show because if Shae remains in the Red Keep (and I hate that idea too) then there is no need to include those characters at all. Perhaps we will see Shae moved to her manse in episode two and they just did not want to take the time to establish that this episode, but if not then I don't understand how Cersei could be in any doubt as to who Tyrion's whore is, there would be no hiding her. Which brings me on to:ShaeI still really don't like hbo-Shae. Very unlikeable character. I don't think I will ever understand why she was completely rewritten. Not sure why they even stuck with the same name since it is clearly a totally different character. Ugh.Or maybe that's the point and we only see book-Shae through Tyrion's eyes and she is lovely and sweet and calls him her Giant of Lannister. But I highly doubt it. This hbo-Shae is challenging, rude, arrogant, petulant, greedy, manipulative and cold. She could never call him her Giant of Lannister and make it be convincing enough that he almost believes it.Episode lengthThis episode felt extremely short. I believe the running time was 50 minutes or maybe less. The four advert breaks Sky Atlantic included didn't help at all. Methinks we were spoiled by having just the one advert break during the premier of each episode last year. I hope those extra minutes are going to be taken and used in some of the later episodes where the need a bit more running time. For those who said that all episodes were about that long in season one, no they weren't. Winter is Coming (ep 101) was 62 minutes. Many of the other episodes came in at 55 minutes or so but they were fairly variable in length. The North Remembers was noticeably shorter than any episode of season one.I know all this sounds like I really disliked the episode, but then I nearly always do on first watch. With each re-watch I will like it a little more, until I make my peace with the changes and accept it. Though I still believe this will rank as my least favourite episode of the show so far.
1643	Harimad	2012-04-03	While Patchface is a fool, he is also a really dark character. I think he would fit in nicely, and am sad he won't be part of the show? Is that for sure? I mean it's only been one episode... he may come in?my one problem with them arbitrarily cutting characters (patchface, shireen, blackfish, the reeds etc. etc. etc.) is that with a lot of these characters (edric storm??) we have NO idea what their importance may be later and the only person who knows is GRRM and i'm assuming he's not telling.Of course, I'm also banking on the fact that we will get up to as many seasons as books (or close enough) if the series gets cut (pray to the seven it doesnt!) i guess it wont matter that they chopped people out.But since i'm choosing to be optimistic, i really feel like they're going to screw themselves over for later if they cut certain characters. Unless a character is 100% dead, we won't know their importance to the plot until the end...whenever it finally gets here
1644	Plem	2012-04-03	Anyone else notice that they misspelled Rakharo's name in the subtitles (Rakaro)? Not just once, but every time. Seems weird to me since they would just have to open the book to look up the right spelling. Maybe they officially changed his name for the show - wouldn't surprise me with all the name changes that have been going on lately.
1645	DannySpud	2012-04-03	Again, to be fair to the writers of the show that is the Dontos crest from the books (Sansa describes it at some point, cba to find the exact scene).
I think Doreah might replace Irri in the weird scene where Irri "pleasures" Dany.
1646	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-03	my one problem with them arbitrarily cutting characters (patchface, shireen, blackfish, the reeds etc. etc. etc.) is that with a lot of these characters (edric storm??) we have NO idea what their importance may be later and the only person who knows is GRRM and i'm assuming he's not telling.Of course, I'm also banking on the fact that we will get up to as many seasons as books (or close enough) if the series gets cut (pray to the seven it doesnt!) i guess it wont matter that they chopped people out.But since i'm choosing to be optimistic, i really feel like they're going to screw themselves over for later if they cut certain characters. Unless a character is 100% dead, we won't know their importance to the plot until the end...whenever it finally gets hereWhy in the world would you even begin to think that they are cutting characters arbitrarily? That makes no sense whatsoever.Futhermore they do have GRRM as a consultant, and he has told them parts of how the story ends, so they aren't as ignorant about the story as you or I.
1647	tearloch	2012-04-03	I read somewhere that HBO is going to add elements of ASOS to season 2, which I think is only 10 episodes. I don't know what season it'll be in, but I can't wait to see how they do the Red Wedding, and to see Grey Wind's head on Robb's body, which both disturbed and fascinated me. I just hope with all of the combining, they don't rush the Battle of the Bywater.I didn't think we ever got the image of Grey Wind's head on Robb's body until the next book.  I think a lot was implied in the book, but little was shown (I guess due to the POVs involved).
1648	Leto Atreides	2012-04-03	I just hope with all of the combining, they don't rush the Battle of the Bywater.For the Shire!!!
1649	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-03	do we think this season will end with the RW?? that's a WHOLE lot of book to pack into 12 (is it ONLY 12??) episodes.No, RW seems like a good thing to have late in the third season. It's roughly halfway into ASOS.Each season is 10 episodes and ASOS will span two seasons (with the odd things being put into this one and perhaps the fifth)
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 03 April 2012 - 12:19 PM.
1650	Sasha Steelsong	2012-04-03	It did happen off-screen, and not at one massive purge.  But it worked for the show.Actually I got the impression even in the book that it was a massive purge in so much as it was possible.  Cersei basically sent people after every bastard of Robert's she could get her hands on and even sent people after Gendry.  The kids may have not died at the same moment but she certainly made an effort to exterminate them all.
1651	Happy Ent	2012-04-03	I just hope with all of the combining, they don't rush the Battle of the Bywater.Congratulations on the best misspellings of this thread.Belladonna Took, seeing a bunch of Proudfoots Proudfeet crossing Bywater Bridge: â<U+0080><U+009C>Those are brave Hobbits.â<U+0080><U+009D>Bungo Baggins, taking out his battlefork, â<U+0080><U+009C>Letâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eat them.â<U+0080><U+009D>ETA: And welcome to the boards!
					
					
							Edited by Happy Ent, 03 April 2012 - 12:27 PM.
1652	Blangadanger	2012-04-03	It sounds like a lot of people haven't listened to the commentaries included in Season 1, since GRRM mentions Jhogo is the guy who gets his throat ripped out by Drogo. He says it's one of the places where his original story and the HBO story diverges and will have to be resolved later (assuming the HBO story gets there). For now I think HBO-Rakharo is taking care of both their roles from the book (since they do a lot together anyway).
I'm not sure why so many book readers seem to think that Joffrey ordered the deaths of the bastards. Beside the fact that you should already know the truth from the books, Joffrey in the tv show seems bewildered that such rumors of bastards exist. Given that to acknowledge their existence would mean acknowledging that his birthright for the kingdom is false, I doubt he actually believes the rumors to be true. If they were true, it's doubtful he would keep anyone alive that knew the truth, including his mother. Furthermore, Janos Slynt says that it's on orders of someone who doesn't care about the Master of Coin's house, which is not only a direct reference to the Cersei/LF confrontation, but something slightly ambiguous and not related to Joffrey. If it was Joffrey doing the deed, I'm guessing he would probably want to do it in full public view (he is stupid and brash after all), or have Slynt declare it as the King's Justice for spreading false lies.
1653	Hot Pie Guy	2012-04-03	^^ its already been confirmed by ppl who have seen the first few episodes already, it was Joffrey who sent the gold cloaks after the bastards. Unless there is some plot twist later in the season which changes this.
Hope thats not a spoiler, just wanted to clear that up
1654	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	I will be so unhappy if they cut the Reed twins.I was thinking with the dreams last episode and in season previews that they are probably cutting the Reeds and really I think I'm OK with it. I think they need to accelerate Bran's Greenseer "training" and will give him all the Green Dreams. Honestly that makes some sense, especially considering that many characters are going to need to be cut because of screen time. More so now than ever, as there are few main characters in the same location for the next number of books. Bran will be given Jojen's relevent dreams to emphasize what he is. On the trip North Osha takes Bran and, as others have suggested, perhaps Luwin lives and goes with Rickon or some nameless servant takes him.What I would probably do instead is to have Osha take both boys North. Skagos is dead-East of the Wall anyway. You can leave the group of Bran, Rickon, Hodor, Osha intact from the crypts to the Wall. Once they reach the wall, Coldhands takes Bran and Hodor to the One Eyed Crow and Osha goes East to Skagos with Rickon. That's how I would handle it anyway. It doesn't make sense for Osha to go all the way to the Children of the Forest cave, and Rickon needs to get to Skagos, but it does make sense to have somebody with Bran that has gotten more screen time than the Reeds are likely to have.The Reeds are great in the books, mostly for their stories of Harrenhall and insight into the Stark family history. I don't think they are necessary to the show, though.
					
					
							Edited by Brewmaster, 03 April 2012 - 12:41 PM.
1655	Ran	2012-04-03	Blang,
No, it's Mago who gets his throat ripped out on the show. Jhogo=Rakharo on the show, a name they changed early in liming because they thought it was too similar to Drogo. Jhogo is alive and well as of ADwD
1656	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-03	It sounds like a lot of people haven't listened to the commentaries included in Season 1, since GRRM mentions Jhogo is the guy who gets his throat ripped out by Drogo. He says it's one of the places where his original story and the HBO story diverges and will have to be resolved later (assuming the HBO story gets there). For now I think HBO-Rakharo is taking care of both their roles from the book (since they do a lot together anyway).I'm not sure why so many book readers seem to think that Joffrey ordered the deaths of the bastards. Beside the fact that you should already know the truth from the books, Joffrey in the tv show seems bewildered that such rumors of bastards exist. Given that to acknowledge their existence would mean acknowledging that his birthright for the kingdom is false, I doubt he actually believes the rumors to be true. If they were true, it's doubtful he would keep anyone alive that knew the truth, including his mother. Furthermore, Janos Slynt says that it's on orders of someone who doesn't care about the Master of Coin's house, which is not only a direct reference to the Cersei/LF confrontation, but something slightly ambiguous and not related to Joffrey. If it was Joffrey doing the deed, I'm guessing he would probably want to do it in full public view (he is stupid and brash after all), or have Slynt declare it as the King's Justice for spreading false lies.Why?
1657	DannySpud	2012-04-03	Why do people think Joff ordered the killings? I thought it was pretty clear that Cersei did it.
1658	teemo	2012-04-03	Why do people think Joff ordered the killings? I thought it was pretty clear that Cersei did it.Apparently the next few episodes make it clear that Joff did it.
1659	Hot Pie Guy	2012-04-03	Episode 2 confirms it.
1660	Celeste Greyjoy	2012-04-03	I was pretty amazed with the first episode of the season. Looking forward to the Jon PoV scenes. :>
1661	DannySpud	2012-04-03	Apparently the next few episodes make it clear that Joff did it.Episode 2 confirms it.Yeah I know, I've seen it. But people were saying it was unclear or that Joff did it before the second episode. I was wondering what I missed in all three viewings of the first episode.
1662	Harimad	2012-04-03	Why in the world would you even begin to think that they are cutting characters arbitrarily? That makes no sense whatsoever.Futhermore they do have GRRM as a consultant, and he has told them parts of how the story ends, so they aren't as ignorant about the story as you or I.I guess I didn't phrase that the way I meant to. I just meant there has been a lot of speculation about cutting the Reed twins/Blackfish/whoever and I think some of those would be mistakes. I do know that GRRM is consulting and that the show will most likely diverge from the books/has diverged. You are entirely correct in my ignorance compared to the show's creators and GRRM, however!I was merely meaning to state (in my quite humble opinion) that we haven't seen/heard mention of certain characters that I at least thought were important to the plot.It is very early yet in season 2, however, and I'm quite optimistic about the way it will go!
1663	Harimad	2012-04-03	I was thinking with the dreams last episode and in season previews that they are probably cutting the Reeds and really I think I'm OK with it. I think they need to accelerate Bran's Greenseer "training" and will give him all the Green Dreams. Honestly that makes some sense, especially considering that many characters are going to need to be cut because of screen time. More so now than ever, as there are few main characters in the same location for the next number of books. Bran will be given Jojen's relevent dreams to emphasize what he is. On the trip North Osha takes Bran and, as others have suggested, perhaps Luwin lives and goes with Rickon or some nameless servant takes him.What I would probably do instead is to have Osha take both boys North. Skagos is dead-East of the Wall anyway. You can leave the group of Bran, Rickon, Hodor, Osha intact from the crypts to the Wall. Once they reach the wall, Coldhands takes Bran and Hodor to the One Eyed Crow and Osha goes East to Skagos with Rickon. That's how I would handle it anyway. It doesn't make sense for Osha to go all the way to the Children of the Forest cave, and Rickon needs to get to Skagos, but it does make sense to have somebody with Bran that has gotten more screen time than the Reeds are likely to have.The Reeds are great in the books, mostly for their stories of Harrenhall and insight into the Stark family history. I don't think they are necessary to the show, though.Oh i definitely agree that the show can go on and the plot can work without the Reeds, i was just rather fond of them in the books!!I think the possibility of Luwin staying alive (which someone suggested earlier) and going with one or the other is a way they can definitely make it work, but in that case Luwin's views on the magic of the CotF and the green dreams would have to change--also highly possible. the one problem with Hodor and bran going off alone is, to me, the likelihood of their survival until they meet up with Coldhands. The reeds seemed to be the ones who knew the way, were the hunters, etc. etc.but, once again, all of this can be tweaked to make it work! RIP the Reeds I guess!
1664	Harimad	2012-04-03	I was thinking with the dreams last episode and in season previews that they are probably cutting the Reeds and really I think I'm OK with it. I think they need to accelerate Bran's Greenseer "training" and will give him all the Green Dreams. Honestly that makes some sense, especially considering that many characters are going to need to be cut because of screen time. More so now than ever, as there are few main characters in the same location for the next number of books. Bran will be given Jojen's relevent dreams to emphasize what he is. On the trip North Osha takes Bran and, as others have suggested, perhaps Luwin lives and goes with Rickon or some nameless servant takes him.What I would probably do instead is to have Osha take both boys North. Skagos is dead-East of the Wall anyway. You can leave the group of Bran, Rickon, Hodor, Osha intact from the crypts to the Wall. Once they reach the wall, Coldhands takes Bran and Hodor to the One Eyed Crow and Osha goes East to Skagos with Rickon. That's how I would handle it anyway. It doesn't make sense for Osha to go all the way to the Children of the Forest cave, and Rickon needs to get to Skagos, but it does make sense to have somebody with Bran that has gotten more screen time than the Reeds are likely to have.The Reeds are great in the books, mostly for their stories of Harrenhall and insight into the Stark family history. I don't think they are necessary to the show, though.Oh i definitely agree that the show can go on and the plot can work without the Reeds, i was just rather fond of them in the books!! I think the possibility of Luwin staying alive (which someone suggested earlier) and going with one or the other is a way they can definitely make it work, but in that case Luwin's views on the magic of the CotF and the green dreams would have to change--also highly possible. the one problem with Hodor and bran going off alone is, to me, the likelihood of their survival until they meet up with Coldhands. The reeds seemed to be the ones who knew the way, were the hunters, etc. etc.but, once again, all of this can be tweaked to make it work! RIP the Reeds I guess!
1665	tearloch	2012-04-03	Oh i definitely agree that the show can go on and the plot can work without the Reeds, i was just rather fond of them in the books!! I think the possibility of Luwin staying alive (which someone suggested earlier) and going with one or the other is a way they can definitely make it work, but in that case Luwin's views on the magic of the CotF and the green dreams would have to change--also highly possible. the one problem with Hodor and bran going off alone is, to me, the likelihood of their survival until they meet up with Coldhands. The reeds seemed to be the ones who knew the way, were the hunters, etc. etc. but, once again, all of this can be tweaked to make it work! RIP the Reeds I guess!I think Osha has to go with Bran.  She knows the North.  She can take care of her self.  She has knowledge and belief in the old gods.  She fits the bill nicely.  Whoever goes with Rickon has to be insignificant in the grand scheme, and in the end, if Osha does have a big purpose in the story, then there has to be a reunion of Bran and Rickon's parties.....
					
					
							Edited by tearloch, 03 April 2012 - 02:10 PM.
1666	Auska	2012-04-03	One argument for the Reeds (other than being awesome) is that child actors are cheaperâ<U+0080>¦ /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1667	Sasha Steelsong	2012-04-03	While I hate to lose them I think they can work around the Reeds like has been suggested above. 
1) Bran will have a little more natural affinity for his powers so he doesn't need to be coached as much (hence no need for jojen)
2) Osha will take Bran beyond the wall instead of the Reeds (again no need for Jojen and Meera - though how they will tell the KOTLT I don't know).
3) Lewin will be part of the party when they escape/hide in the crypts and take Rickon into hiding - he could tell the KOTLT story I suppose before they spilt up if the show keeps it, plus help prove who Rickon is on the other end when it is finally known that Theon didn't kill them.  They could still decide to split up at the Winterfell weirwood so Wex can see.
1668	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	I think Osha has to go with Bran.  She knows the North.  She can take care of her self.  She has knowledge and belief in the old gods.  She fits the bill nicely.  Whoever goes with Rickon has to be insignificant in the grand scheme, and in the end, if Osha does have a big purpose in the story, then there has to be a reunion of Bran and Rickon's parties.....Like I said, I'd keep them together all the way up until the wall, then send Osha east to Skagos with Rickon. Bran doesn't need Osha once he crosses the wall. Coldhands will be his guide. And, depending on how long they choose to make that bit...there were only 2 chapters getting from the wall to the cave in ADWD.I get why Bran and Rickon went seperate ways, from Winterfell and assuming things unfold as we expect in the books, I think its key that Bran end up with Bloodraven and Rickon end up on Skagos. But, I don't see any reason that they have to be separated on the road North. Keep 'em together, then split up at the Wall.I have no special insight and I kind of think that they won't keep them all together, since we've seen so little of Rickon, but that's what I would do.
1669	Auska	2012-04-03	Re: realistic wolves.
It's not quite sufficient to just blow up actual wolves. The problem is that weight increases faster than size â<U+0080><U+0093> think what happens to the volume of a 1x1x1 cube when you double its surfaces! If you took a regular wolf and doubled it in size, the result would likely be 3-4 times heavier, if not more. This means that its legs need to be considerably more muscular.
That said, I really didn't have a problem with it. Grey Wind looked great.
(Sorry if this was posted, I've had problems with CloudFlare redirects all day /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> )
1670	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-03	Blang,No, it's Mago who gets his throat ripped out on the show. Jhogo=Rakharo on the show, a name they changed early in liming because they thought it was too similar to Drogo. Jhogo is alive and well as of ADwDAs is Rakharo....  But I agree - I think they've combined one or two blood riders to ease confusion for viewers.  Heck - I even got confused myself at times in the books between Aggo, Jhogo and Rakharo ...
1671	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-03	do we think this season will end with the RW?? that's a WHOLE lot of book to pack into 12 (is it ONLY 12??) episodes.  Just my two-penn'orth, but NO.  I think it's impossible.  We know that Episode 9 is going to be Blackwater, so there is no way on the Seven's green earth that they can handle all part one and a third of part two of Swords in one episode.  Fingers crossed for a series 3 and 4, and if what we've read from other sources is correct and they split Swords between two seasons, I could see them ending a future Season 3 with the RW.  The non-book readers would then avidly tune in to Series 4 to see if vengeance can be wreaked on the perpetrators.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 03 April 2012 - 03:42 PM.
1672	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-03	There should be a producer who does nothing but remind the writers that you can't have a scene with Hodor without him saying Hodor at least onceYep - I was wondering if he'd forgot his lines.... /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1673	Morrigan	2012-04-03	Yes. Spoiler for episode 2 (is this even a thing?): 
	Spoiler http://29.media.tumb...9h4heo1_500.jpg
Whaaa? That sucks. 
	Spoiler Poor Shireen. I guess GRRM had no grand plans for her then...
FYI - We haven't actually seen any footage shot in Iceland in the show yet. All the stuff around Craster's Keep was shot in Northern Ireland. We won't see Iceland footage until middle of the season, probably.Really? I thought that overhead shot of a sub-arctic wasteland was definitely Iceland. Guess either Northern Ireland is colder than I thought or it's CG, but if the latter, it's a pretty good CG.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 03 April 2012 - 03:47 PM.
1674	teemo	2012-04-03	I think no Reeds is kind of a travesty, tbh.  I loved the fact that Ned built up such a close relationship with Howland Reed and that the crannogmen, who are very sneaky and useful allies, are so loyal to the Starks.  Bran was so fascinated by them and wanted to hear every little thing they had to say, and I found his respect for them a great reflection of his character - his fascination with magic and dreams and things beyond the Wall, AND the similarities he shares with his father - respect for all sorts of people and Lords.  Not to mention, Jojen could have looked really cool on HBO.  Everyone would be like, "wow, this kid is interesting."  Plus, Meera and Jojen were vital in leading Bran beyond the Wall.  
Of course, they are not necessary.  I can see plenty of ways they can get around casting them and still make the story work.  It seems odd that Osha & Hodor are enough to be able to get Bran where he needs to be, but hey, Osha is pretty sharp, especially TV Osha.  It's not the same and it sucks, but I definitely see how they can successfully work around it.
1675	Chise	2012-04-03	Rewatched episode today, and the "bastard killing" still bothers the hell outta me!Not the actual ...killing.. (hey, they hadda find a space for a Ros scene somewhere, didn't they?), but the fact series writes it as Joff's ideaMy biggest problem - WHY?Cersei having random Baratheon bastards killed left and right in book made sense [very warped, but sense nonetheless], but why would the lil prick want them dead? To 'avenge' his mother's honor? (u know, after he more or less just told her to fuck off), or he found a few spare silver stags behind the couch and just felt like havin random murders?
					
					
							Edited by Chise, 03 April 2012 - 04:15 PM.
1676	DannySpud	2012-04-03	Just my two-penn'orth, but NO.  I think it's impossible.  We know that Episode 9 is going to be Blackwater, so there is no way on the Seven's green earth that they can handle all part one and a third of part two of Swords in one episode.  Fingers crossed for a series 3 and 4, and if what we've read from other sources is correct and they split Swords between two seasons, I could see them ending a future Season 3 with the RW.  The non-book readers would then avidly tune in to Series 4 to see if vengeance can be wreaked on the perpetrators.IMO RW should be episode 6 or 7 of season 3 (assuming a 10 episode season) to give characters time to react to it. And give the audience time to fully accept the deaths. Then last shot of episode 10 will be of Lady Stoneheart's face for a total WTF?! moment to end the series.ETARewatched episode today, and the "bastard killing" still bothers the hell outta me!Not the actual ...killing.. (hey, they hadda find a space for a Ros scene somewhere, didn't they?), but the fact series writes it as Joff's ideaMy biggest problem - WHY? Cersei having random Baratheon bastards killed left and right made sense, but why would the lil prick want them dead? To 'avenge' his mother's honor (u know, after he more or less just told her to fuck off), or he found a few spare silver stags behind the couch and just felt like havin random murders?Are you getting that from just the first episode?
					
					
							Edited by DannySpud, 03 April 2012 - 04:04 PM.
1677	Ikurai	2012-04-03	Hello guys! I am new to this forum! In fact, this is my first post. However, seeing that this isn't an introduction forum, I will jump straight into the topic. I know I am new here and I would appreciate it if someone would let me know when I say/do something wrong. I am not rude, in general, but am rather opinionated. Hope I don't step on anyone's toes on the first day!
Ok, so about the episode. Two things struck me in general - as I'm sure it struck everyone else who watched it. Namely, the Littlefinger/Cersei scene and the killing of all the bastards. Obviously, it deviated a little from the books here - however I wonder if it did so for a reason.
We know that the producers of the TV series have had chats with Martin and know roughly how the series ends. Did they perhaps use these small deviations as character-building exercises from the very beginning as they don't have the luxury of a 100 page POV in the sixth book revealing a new side to a character?
The Littlefinger/Cersei scene has been talked about here a lot. A lot of people feel it deviates considerably from how LF actually behaves - cold and calculating. HOWEVER, he only fired at Cersei with a veiled threat AFTER Cersei, quite imprudently, poked at the Catelyn-LF story. We KNOW that LF, despite his cunning and "brilliance", still shows human feelings where Catelyn is concerned. We know from various references in the books that he did love her and it isn't as strange as some people are making it out to be that he lost his temper when Cersei probed at the subject. To be fair, she probably did poke at it to see if he has even a sliver of allegiance to Catelyn left (and through Catelyn - the Starks). Why is it so strange that Petyr made a mistake? We know he duelled with Eddard Stark's older brother (I forget his name, sorry) to win Catelyn's hand. That was not well calculated and might well have resulted in his death. So, despite his qualities, he is prone to make mistakes when she is concerned/involved. Perhaps Martin will reveal a more human side to him later (when dealing with Sansa) and we're just being told that LF isn't always cold and can feel real emotion when certain people are concerned?
Secondly, I thought the killing of all of Robert's bastards was extremely significant. It did happen in the books but they made a point of making it VERY VERY obvious (I cringed when they were killing baby Barra). What possible import could this hold? Well, think about it... We know Robert left no true-born heir. We know Renly dies soon. we know Stannis will probably die at some point as him taking the Iron Throne is a long-shot at best - and he isn't likely to let someone else sit there in peace if he's alive. And from Val's comments about Stannis's daughter's grey scales, we get a premonition that she will die too. All of these are guesses, I totally grant you. But it does leave a possibility that the entire of the Baratheon line will be ended apart from Gendry.
Now assuming the R+L=J theory is correct, and that Jon and Danaerys somehow get on the throne (due to Aegon being a Blackfyre), someone will still need to be the lord of wherever the Baratheons are the Lords of. So, while I don't see gendry becoming a king, I can totally see him being a Lord as the last of the Baratheon line.
So to conclude, a LOT of if's and but's are there but assuming there was a REASON behind the two scenes being added, we may be heading towards a particular ending. They may have been there for just fan-fare, however. Other than this, the episode really was slow at points and really needed a kick in the butt to get it going. I suppose having to introduce so many characters will do that to you. Look forward to a far more riveting season 2.
Ohh btw, I sometimes use caps in my writing. I know they are usually used to scream but I assure you, this is not my intent. I just use it to put stresses on some words - like we do while we actually talk. I will stop f it offends/bothers anyone.
1678	White Raven	2012-04-03	As Cersei ordered the guards around I was almost expecting something like "turn around, close your eyes... and now... DANCE"
1679	Chise	2012-04-03	Me again... double-posting and allOk, seriously, it can't just be me - is Shae now deliberately written to be a Sand Snake in the future?Because that woman on the screen is not the ditzy airhead aiming to please her Giant of Lannisted from the books. Between the accent, the rude things she says... and just.. everything! .. the writers are either trolling, or wanna pull a Sand Snake sometime later
1680	DaveSumm	2012-04-03	Re: Reeds being cut. It does look a lot like this is happening, but there's still one thing to give us hope: Osha, who was probably quite happy and proud to live beyond the wall like most wildlings, was so scared she scaled the wall at great risk to her life. She clearly won't just go back cos some kneeler asks her to. And this is something that didn't need to be emphasised in the first season, but was.
Re: Joffrey enacting the bastard killing. Is this for sure? Or did I miss something? I really have a hard time picturing Joff truly confronting this possibility that he's a child of incest, in the books I just imagine he's in denial........but someone in denial doesn't act on the possibility.......
1681	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	Re: Joffrey enacting the bastard killing. Is this for sure? Or did I miss something? I really have a hard time picturing Joff truly confronting this possibility that he's a child of incest, in the books I just imagine he's in denial........but someone in denial doesn't act on the possibility.......Joff doesn't need to consider the fact that he's an incest baby to want to kill Robert's bastards. As plenty of succession wars have shown...as even Cat's insistence against Rob legitimizing Jon shows, bastards can always be a threat to a house/throne, anyway. Joff eliminating Robert's bastards (if he's the one) wouldn't about him being Jaime's son.
1682	teemo	2012-04-03	Me again... double-posting and allOk, seriously, it can't just be me - is Shae now deliberately written to be a Sand Snake in the future?Because that woman on the screen is not the ditzy airhead aiming to please her Giant of Lannisted from the books. Between the accent, the rude things she says... and just.. everything! .. the writers are either trolling, or wanna pull a Sand Snake sometime laterI was going to mention this earlier and forgot.  Who the hell is this "Shae" character???  Aside from being taken from Bronn and being named Shae, she is nothing like the book Shae.  In the show she and her past/heritage is mysterious (as we saw from that drinking game), has a foreign accent, has a sharp tongue and tells Tyrion that she'll gouge his eyes out or something, has a very foul mouth ("this place makes me want to fuck."  "this place smells of cum."), with not a single "my giant of Lannister" quote or a "m'lord."  She is also living in a place right now that she shouldn't even be in.  I understand that HBO maybe wanted to make her have more depth, but this is getting so far off-track that I think they may be taking a different route with her altogether.As far as the bastard killings:
	Spoiler It's been said that the next episode confirms it was done under Joffrey's command.

					
					
							Edited by dannister, 03 April 2012 - 05:05 PM.
1683	Ran	2012-04-03	Why is it so strange that Petyr made a mistake?That's when he was a 15-year-old boy -- or, I guess, early 20 in the show. Still, a young man, without a lot of experience or maturity. It's 17 years on. He's been a veteran of the court. His star was fixed to Jon Arryn, but he learned to be everyone's friend and no man's enemy, etc.That one mistake with Brandon, that thwarted love for Catelyn, is a large part of what motivates him to be the man he is. To have him so very easily snap over it -- it's not "teasing" to tell the queen she sleeps with her brother -- is just not something the character, either in the book or the TV show, ought to really do. Not without far more provocation than Cersei acting snooty and superior. People have been snooty and superior to Littlefinger for most of his life -- he lets them, it's part of the game with them, and (as he says in the first season) it's how he operates.I'm never going to be convinced that it's not a bad scene. It's ham-fisted, and it's not necessary in any way.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 03 April 2012 - 07:29 PM.
1684	kairparavel	2012-04-03	Patchface isn't mission critical to the current book story, goofy prophetic songs aside. But in the books it seems like he knows something. If he's not cast, then his character is almost a red herring in the book. Not casting Shireen is not the same as not casting Meera and Jojen. So because the book writing isn't done, and George is helping the show runners to sort out and filter stuff, book readers are in effect being spoiled for down the road. For example, regardless of where the Reed children got Bran to in DwD, apparently anyone familiar with Beyond the Wall and the Children of the Forest could have gotten him there. Really? So why wasn't the book written that way? Knowing that ultimately the Reeds don't matter sucks, considering there's still two books to go. And that's just one example.Part of the enjoyment of this series for the reader is unraveling what matters vs what doesn't. The book adaptation for screen is unraveling it for us - taking out things, changing things, merging things and now altering future events for us, before they've even happened. I'm not overly thrilled about that. That's why straying from the source material (of anything) is problematic and often lacking in satisfaction.
1685	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	Not having Jojen and Meera is a travesty and is made even more so because it seems arbitrarily left out. I can understand, (and even like) some of the alterations they've made for film or budget constraints, but there really doesn't seem to be any reason not to have them in the story. Also, they have to include Howland... the guy knows the most important secret in the series. How will they compensate for the deep trust and loyalty he shows by sending his own two children to look out for the Starks? Just seems pointless to have excluded them.
1686	Brewmaster	2012-04-03	Patchface isn't mission critical to the current book story, goofy prophetic songs aside. But in the books it seems like he knows something. If he's not cast, then his character is almost a red herring in the book. Not casting Shireen is not the same as not casting Meera and Jojen. So because the book writing isn't done, and George is helping the show runners to sort out and filter stuff, book readers are in effect being spoiled for down the road. For example, regardless of where the Reed children got Bran to in DwD, apparently anyone familiar with Beyond the Wall and the Children of the Forest could have gotten him there. Really? So why wasn't the book written that way? Knowing that ultimately the Reeds don't matter sucks, considering there's still two books to go. And that's just one example.Part of the enjoyment of this series for the reader is unraveling what matters vs what doesn't. The book adaptation for screen is unraveling it for us - taking out things, changing things, merging things and now altering future events for us, before they've even happened. I'm not overly thrilled about that. That's why straying from the source material (of anything) is problematic and often lacking in satisfaction.Nothing that happens in the show has to happen in the book the same way. I think you are reading way too much into things. If the Reeds aren't cast, I suppose you can conclude that neither of them is the Prince who was Promised, or is going to sit on the Iron throne at the end of the series, but did you really think that was going to happen anyway? I would say that any other outcome for them in the books is still just as likely. The TV show isn't revealing any mysteries ahead of time. Sure anyone could get Bran to Bloodraven, I'm not sure how, exactly, you think this changes anything, or reveals anything. Why was it written that way? Well, for one thing the Reeds give some good Westeros / Stark history lessons to Bran and reveal some good Harrenhall backstory.
1687	DannySpud	2012-04-03	Patchface isn't mission critical to the current book story, goofy prophetic songs aside. But in the books it seems like he knows something. If he's not cast, then his character is almost a red herring in the book. Not casting Shireen is not the same as not casting Meera and Jojen. So because the book writing isn't done, and George is helping the show runners to sort out and filter stuff, book readers are in effect being spoiled for down the road. For example, regardless of where the Reed children got Bran to in DwD, apparently anyone familiar with Beyond the Wall and the Children of the Forest could have gotten him there. Really? So why wasn't the book written that way? Knowing that ultimately the Reeds don't matter sucks, considering there's still two books to go. And that's just one example.Part of the enjoyment of this series for the reader is unraveling what matters vs what doesn't. The book adaptation for screen is unraveling it for us - taking out things, changing things, merging things and now altering future events for us, before they've even happened. I'm not overly thrilled about that. That's why straying from the source material (of anything) is problematic and often lacking in satisfaction.Depends what you mean by "matter". Cleos Frey mattered in a sense, but his function works fine with Alton Lannister instead. If it ever transpires that Patchface is really the counterpart to AA and their ensuing battle devastates Westeros then I assume the writers would work round it with GRRM's help. I personally believe that as long as GRRM can see a way of rewriting it he'll let them change what they need to. He doesn't want to spoil people by omission.
1688	kairparavel	2012-04-03	Nothing that happens in the show has to happen in the book the same way. I think you are reading way too much into things. If the Reeds aren't cast, I suppose you can conclude that neither of them is the Prince who was Promised, or is going to sit on the Iron throne at the end of the series, but did you really think that was going to happen anyway? I would say that any other outcome for them in the books is still just as likely.The TV show isn't revealing any mysteries ahead of time. Sure anyone could get Bran to Bloodraven, I'm not sure how, exactly, you think this changes anything, or reveals anything. Why was it written that way? Well, for one thing the Reeds give some good Westeros / Stark history lessons to Bran and reveal some good Harrenhall backstory.Exactly.Look, I know they are side helper characters. They will not be revealed to AA reborn or the lost Targ or whatever. But the puzzle being built by the books is being redesigned by changing the pieces in the tv program. That's all. It would be easier to digest if the book series was finished.
1689	Jory	2012-04-03	Patchface isn't mission critical to the current book story, goofy prophetic songs aside. But in the books it seems like he knows something. If he's not cast, then his character is almost a red herring in the book. Not casting Shireen is not the same as not casting Meera and Jojen. So because the book writing isn't done, and George is helping the show runners to sort out and filter stuff, book readers are in effect being spoiled for down the road. For example, regardless of where the Reed children got Bran to in DwD, apparently anyone familiar with Beyond the Wall and the Children of the Forest could have gotten him there. Really? So why wasn't the book written that way? Knowing that ultimately the Reeds don't matter sucks, considering there's still two books to go. And that's just one example.Part of the enjoyment of this series for the reader is unraveling what matters vs what doesn't. The book adaptation for screen is unraveling it for us - taking out things, changing things, merging things and now altering future events for us, before they've even happened. I'm not overly thrilled about that. That's why straying from the source material (of anything) is problematic and often lacking in satisfaction.Considering it's a total possibility that Shireen winds up sitting on the Iron Throne, yes, I think her not being cast matters in the same way that the Reeds do.
1690	kairparavel	2012-04-03	Considering it's a total possibility that Shireen winds up sitting on the Iron Throne, yes, I think her not being cast matters in the same way that the Reeds do.So this just illustrates again, how the puzzle is being shifted around for us while we're still trying to assemble it.Naturally, opinions vary reader to reader on the importance of the 'side' characters. I never considered her a future important player, and I could be wrong, but that's the beauty reading and discovering. And now, she doesn't exist in the program, so does she even matter in the books?
1691	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-03	Thought D&D said they could not find a White Crow? That was either an albino crow or the CGI people are even better geniuses that I thought possible!They couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t find a white raven.  That was a white crow, not a white raven.Big difference, actually.  The crow was way too little.  They shouldâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve CGIâ<U+0080><U+0099>d up the crittersize.
1692	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-03	Re: realistic wolves.It's not quite sufficient to just blow up actual wolves. The problem is that weight increases faster than size â<U+0080><U+0093> think what happens to the volume of a 1x1x1 cube when you double its surfaces! If you took a regular wolf and doubled it in size, the result would likely be 3-4 times heavier, if not more. This means that its legs need to be considerably more muscular.Yes, that was bugging me a bunch.  A tiger is not just a housecat writ large.  The proportions change, because the mass varies as the cube. Somebody isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t very smart over there, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m afraid. Sigh.
1693	boojam	2012-04-03	They couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t find a white raven.  That was a white crow, not a white raven.Big difference, actually.  The crow was way too little.  They shouldâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve CGIâ<U+0080><U+0099>d up the crittersize.Yeah I meant Raven, hmm... kind of lucked into that one!Yeah the CGI people are so good, just make one from scratch, not much screen time anyway.
1694	johnnysd	2012-04-03	Patchface isn't mission critical to the current book story, goofy prophetic songs aside. But in the books it seems like he knows something. If he's not cast, then his character is almost a red herring in the book. Not casting Shireen is not the same as not casting Meera and Jojen. So because the book writing isn't done, and George is helping the show runners to sort out and filter stuff, book readers are in effect being spoiled for down the road. For example, regardless of where the Reed children got Bran to in DwD, apparently anyone familiar with Beyond the Wall and the Children of the Forest could have gotten him there. Really? So why wasn't the book written that way? Knowing that ultimately the Reeds don't matter sucks, considering there's still two books to go. And that's just one example.Part of the enjoyment of this series for the reader is unraveling what matters vs what doesn't. The book adaptation for screen is unraveling it for us - taking out things, changing things, merging things and now altering future events for us, before they've even happened. I'm not overly thrilled about that. That's why straying from the source material (of anything) is problematic and often lacking in satisfaction.Who's to say the Reeds will not be in the series?? Let's face it -they could easily push the Reeds to next year when Bran actually is on his journey. The bonding and all that which happened at Winterfell could easily be moved to next year as Bran travels north.
1695	boojam	2012-04-03	That's when he was a 15-year-old boy -- or, I guess, early 20 in the show. Still, a young man, without a lot of experience or maturity. It's 17 years on. He's been a veteran of the court. His star was fixed to Jon Arryn, but he learned to be everyone's friend and no man's enemy, etc.That one mistake with Brandon, that thwarted love for Catelyn, is a large part of what motivates him to be the man he is. To have him so very easily snap over it -- it's not "teasing" to tell the queen she sleeps with her brother -- is just not something the character, either in the book or the TV show, ought to really do. Not without far more provocation than Cersei acting snooty and superior. People have been snooty and superior to Littlefinger for most of his life -- he lets them, it's part of the game with them, and (as he says in the first season) it's how he operates.I'm never going to be convinced that it's not a bad scene. It's ham-fisted, and it's not necessary in any way.I thought we were to have a 'willing suspension of age' between the books and the teleplays?That's ok with me.Surely B&B have some motivation for doing the deal with Cersei, for later plot purposes?Seems awkward to me to blurt it like that since , seems, all the VIPs of the court know it, and one would think that Cersei would know they know it.The undercurrent seems that even Stannis knew before Ned, and LF and Varys way way before that.Robert seemed to be dumb as a post about it, or didn't care.Did Joffrey , in the novel, really find out about it? I can't remember.
1696	boojam	2012-04-03	As Cersei ordered the guards around I was almost expecting something like "turn around, close your eyes... and now... DANCE"Yeah the guards. What was that all about. The horse was already out of the barn, or maybe they knew anyway.Why not "stick you fingers in your ears"?
1697	boojam	2012-04-03	Blang,No, it's Mago who gets his throat ripped out on the show. Jhogo=Rakharo on the show, a name they changed early in liming because they thought it was too similar to Drogo. Jhogo is alive and well as of ADwDBut now he can't be mixed up with Drogo. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But maybe with Drogon! Cheez, is D&D making these decisions or HBO?
							Edited by boojam, 03 April 2012 - 08:02 PM.
1698	James Arryn	2012-04-03	When Cersei went so far as the 'close your eyes' thing, I thought she was about to go to the other extreme and sexually tease LF after threatening his life. 
Not joking.
1699	DannySpud	2012-04-03	Who's to say the Reeds will not be in the series?? Let's face it -they could easily push the Reeds to next year when Bran actually is on his journey. The bonding and all that which happened at Winterfell could easily be moved to next year as Bran travels north.I agree. It's still a little early to completely rule out the Reeds. (Why do we know they definitely won't be in this season. Do they release all the casting information?) However I think it's probably more likely that Osha will take Bran, otherwise they'd not show anything of her for several seasons, and they renamed Asha because her name was similar.
1700	LauraD	2012-04-03	I loved the note the writers touched upon with Craster (yes too clean, I agree, moving on).  He's telling them he's not going to leave his keep, turns to wife (it's Gilly btw), and calls on her to agree.  And the girl quotes him,"Better to live free than to die a slave" her face clearly showing that if she doesn't say it, she'll be made to suffer.  Brings into question the treatment of women, the nature of slavery and freedom, the nature of power over others in one quick moment.
It's not subtle nor clever, but it was solid and it brought up some of the books' overarching themes.
Made me happy.
Other thing that was enjoyable was the clever way they placed Varys' little birds about King's Landing.  Knowing what we know now, I really hope they're doing it on and with purpose.
1701	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	Yeah, there was good placement of slightly suspicious looking little kids.
1702	DannySpud	2012-04-03	Other thing that was enjoyable was the clever way they placed Varys' little birds about King's Landing.  Knowing what we know now, I really hope they're doing it on and with purpose.I only noticed the one, in the LF/Cersei scene. Were there more?
1703	Francis Buck	2012-04-03	I don't know, I thought the direwolves have been badass as hell so far...
1704	Rockroi	2012-04-03	Non Sequiter:
Am I the only one who, when they read "The North Remembers" immediately thinks, "Pepridge Farm Remembers"?  Is it just me?  I can't immagine its just me.
1705	seeyouintee	2012-04-03	I only noticed the one, in the LF/Cersei scene. Were there more?The kid cleaning up the blood in the beginning looked kind of suspicious too.
1706	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-03	I think no Reeds is kind of a travesty, tbh.  I loved the fact that Ned built up such a close relationship with Howland Reed and that the crannogmen, who are very sneaky and useful allies, are so loyal to the Starks.  Bran was so fascinated by them and wanted to hear every little thing they had to say, and I found his respect for them a great reflection of his character - his fascination with magic and dreams and things beyond the Wall, AND the similarities he shares with his father - respect for all sorts of people and Lords.  Not to mention, Jojen could have looked really cool on HBO.  Everyone would be like, "wow, this kid is interesting."  Plus, Meera and Jojen were vital in leading Bran beyond the Wall.I've been more or less satisfied with everything GoT-related up to now.  But I will be genuinely pissed if the Reeds are cut out of the story.
1707	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-03	Cersei ordering the Lannister household guards to do the two step, dosey-doe was about showing Littlefinger how much power she has. Of course, this is petty and heavy handed, but this is all well within Cersei's personality. I loved it.
1708	LuisDantas	2012-04-04	The plot seems to be somewhat streamlined - for instance, Cleon Frey is basically renamed as Alton Lannister so that his role is made that much more obvious.  And Cersei's propension for gratuitous displays of power is a bit more evident as well.
Joffrey is more driven as well, and more smart than in the books (although I still doubt he has a hand in the hunt for the bastards).  I wonder if Edric Storm even exists in this version - it is noteworthy that Cersei failed to mention his name when asked about Robert's known bastards.  It would be a shame if they glossed over the murder of Courtney Penrose, since it is such a defining moment for Stannis and Melisandre.
1709	Howdyphillip	2012-04-04	Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my take on that.I somewhat like the series because of its high level of verisimilitude. People are ugly. Things are dirty. Life sucks. People eat, shit, hurt each other, betray, are afraid, whine. I like that in the books, and I like it in the tv series.Now, in the middle of all that internally consistent visual atmosphere they drop incredibly awkward sex scenes with women who are unbelievably beautiful, well-fed, and well built. Whores just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t look like that. Maybe at Chatayaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s, but even then itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a stretch.A TV film with realistic sex? Sure, why not.A TV film with sex scenes whose body image looks like something cut-and-pasted from a 90s soft porn movie . No thanks. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an embarrassment and demeaning. I feel intellectually and visually insulted.See... I would agree with that if the rest of the show was cast full of ugly people, but it isn't. Emilia Clark is one of the hottest women on the planet, and Lena Heady is gorgeous as well.On the male side of things, Peter Dinkledge is probably the most charismatic little persons to ever be shot on film, and almost all of the young cast is full of teenage heartthrobs.plus, i am not ready for ugly people sex in primetime...That is only supposed to happen after 2am when the bar closes and you've had enough beer to make it tolerable.
1710	Happy Ent	2012-04-04	See... I would agree with that if the rest of the show was cast full of ugly people, but it isn't. Emilia Clark is one of the hottest women on the planet, and Lena Heady is gorgeous as well.They are royalty. Well fed. And both are known as the most beautiful women in the realm. They should be beautiful.Whores are not. Not today, and not then. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m objecting to: the argument for gratuitous sex scenes from verisimilitude. Because the sex scenes we get are the opposite of verisimilitude. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s as if some cast members talked with a heavily Californian accent or used l33t sp33k.  The sex scenes are cut out of a 90s soft porn movie. They scream â<U+0080><U+009C>this show is on meekly pseudo-raunchy American cable TV!!!â<U+0080><U+009D> and pull me right out of the experience.
