nick	date	comment
1	Kat	2011-04-26	This is just so you can get an idea of overall fan reaction on a weekly basis. Your own scale, of course, is subjective. Everyone's a critic!Retroactive Episode 101 poll here.
					
					
							Edited by Bean Bags, 26 April 2011 - 04:01 AM.
2	Loras	2011-04-26	7/10
Dropped marks for the Dany scenes; which I felt were poorly developed from Episode 1.  I thought there could have been greater focus on the Lannister Twins after the close of episode 1.  I found the introduction of secondary characters a bit lame (Payne, The Hound, Doreah) .  Other than that, a nice episode.  It felt very much like the second hour of a 2 hour premiere.  Now the story really starts /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3	Holymoly	2011-04-26	Far better than the first episode although I suppose they had to rush through that one in order to arrive at the Bran incident for the cliffhanger. I still feel the flow of the story would be enhanced by scheduling it as 5 x 2 hour episodes rather than 10 x 1 hour shows but overall the adaptation has improved with the second program. Tyrion rapidly assuming the mantle of star of the show that he has in the books and Cersei really well observed by Lena Headley.
4	BlackStoneCA	2011-04-26	I gave it a 9 out of 10, mainly as there was no real slow bits, it kept my attention, and the fact that I blinked at one point, and nearly the full hour had passed.   That is good television if makes you go "Oh my god, where did the time go?"
5	Greywolf2375	2011-04-26	between 7-8 of 10.
None of the changes break anything for me - just have me scratching my head wondering why.  Jaime/Jon interaction, the transition for Dany works but is a little fast, I happen to think the Cat comment to Jon should have been included.
Positives...lots. The action of the direwolves, Joffrey getting beaten, the number of line for line scenes from the book, the nonchalance of the Hound with Micah's body.  Bran waking up when Lady dies.
biggest gripe is that it wasn't a full hour.
6	ingsve	2011-04-26	These are astonishingly high ratings for being an internet poll. There's usually somone who gives the 1 vote in protest or whatever but here there's not a single vote of 5 or lower.
7	Kalbear	2011-04-26	Yeah, it's almost as if the poll is being hosted on a fansite for the series the show is based on! Crazy!
I gave it a 9. Arya made the show for me, and Tyrion followed that up. Those are my two favs in the book, and they really make it shine here.
8	tuthmoses	2011-04-26	gave 8 out of 10 for the first episode and 9 out of 10 for the second, and was verging on giving 10/10 thought it was excellent and much better than the first. Tyrion is really starting to come into his own, I really like the actors playing Jon and Arya, the girl playing Sansa is better than I thought from the first episode. Very few negatives maybe a few more shots of ghost and greywind. I'd have had ghost running alongside jon's horse as he left winterfell .. but eh thats only very minor. The scene where the assasin fought with Cat and summer came to the rescue was cool. Still not sure about Theon though ...
					
					
							Edited by tuthmoses, 26 April 2011 - 04:34 PM.
9	Nebiros	2011-04-26	There seems to be a consensus here, I also gave 8 for the first one and 9 for this one. The first one got the environments, the people and the little details right. The second one did the same, but it also had interesting stories to tell. Sure, they're (mostly) all from the book, but I think this episode showed that the producers did the transition from book to the screen exceptionally well. It almost seems as if ASOIAF had always been intended as a TV script. The deviations from the original text were all well done. The multiple POVs worked, the storylines worked, the chemistry between the actors worked - even the direwolf action worked, and I was very sceptical of that. So altogether a very polished episode that can stand proudly on its own, although its certainly a "transition" episode with so much travelling in it. I can only imagine how great this show will be when they get to the REALLY meaty stuff. If they don't screw up big time when it really matters, I really can't see this show going wrong at this point.
10	flyingwind66	2011-04-26	Yeah, it's almost as if the poll is being hosted on a fansite for the series the show is based on! Crazy!I gave it a 9. Arya made the show for me, and Tyrion followed that up. Those are my two favs in the book, and they really make it shine here.7/10 for me Dany scenes were a bit weak... should have mentioned the whole 'riding' thing and how if she's on top then she's riding him. Anyways, onwards to...Tyrion, Arya and Sansa ^____^ they're my favorite! Tyrion showed a lot of his personality here, Maisie Williams is superb! Also Sansa really gave me that same vibe I got from her in the 1st book... As an older sister myself, I though that Sansa was a real cunt for not standing up for her sister and for lying.The 2nd half of the episode really did it for me... except I don't think that huge search party was really neccessary to find 1 little girl >.> I mean it took them until after sundown to find her!
11	RedWeddingCake	2011-04-26	The 2nd half of the episode really did it for me... except I don't think that huge search party was really neccessary to find 1 little girl >.> I mean it took them until after sundown to find her!They were trying to find "Arya"...did you read the books??  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
12	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-26	I was mostly happy with the progression from Ep1, but like others have said I thought the Dany scenes didn't quite work.
They are doing a great job of making Tyrion a sympathetic character and thus creating some of the complexity of each House having its good eggs and bad eggs. 
Marked it down one from Ep1, so it's 8 and 7 so far from me.
13	Renasko	2011-04-26	I like the Dany chapters in the books, but every damn scene of hers makes me cringe at the moment. Hell, even before her scene comes on screen, I'm internally thinking about the current scene elapsing and hoping one of hers doesn't follow. Makes me uncomfortable. The sooner her plot advances, the better.
I gave it an 8/10.
14	Kaitscralt	2011-04-26	I gave it an eight out of ten. I am doing a reread and had literally just finished those chapters that day, so the verbatim dialogue -- while awesome -- made it seem like I had just watched it.
15	Fippy Darkpaw	2011-04-26	To people rating this 4 or 5 and thus "mediocre television", care to fill us in on what you consider "good television"?
Some of my favorite shows ever (thus by definition I must give them 8-10 ratings) are Rome, Deadwood, Star Trek:TOS, Star Trek:TNG, Firefly, Nip Tuck, and Torchwood. GOT so far is easily on par with any of those.
					
					
							Edited by Fippy Darkpaw, 26 April 2011 - 09:20 PM.
16	johnny	2011-04-26	This was a step down from the first episode for me.  Many of the scenes felt awkward as was the editing.  Peter Dinklage performance felt hammy.  The sex / rape scenes are getting to be a bit too much.  Not that I find it offensive, but there's only so many buttsex scenes I need to watch on a television show; there are ways to imply these things without having to shove it in our faces constantly.    I agree with whoever said the Dany scenes are a bit weak, but then again they weren't the most interesting in the book either.   The Dothraki are disappointing.      
I felt like the first episode was a great introduction to an epic movie. This second one felt more like a tv show (which it is, apparently).   7/10.
					
					
							Edited by johnny, 26 April 2011 - 10:22 PM.
17	Icewind	2011-04-27	I'm usually not one to post on forums, but this incredible book series brought to life in film inspired me to come to some sort of place to vent my feelings and have a voice. 
Having read all the books so far four times over (I'm sure others out there have read them 6, 8, and 10 times over) I can say with confidence that I notice every little nuance and tittle that strays from the book. Things that don't precisely fit, or follow script by the book, or are out of place or don't feel right. But, the bottom line for me is this...
I think they've done an excellent job in capturing the essence of what I feel when I read Song of Ice and Fire. The depth, the emotions, the character of characters. I feel the same liking to all the characters in the movie that I felt when I read the books, and the same bitterness as well. Some of the acting feels a little forced and maybe, just maybe, over-done at times. But when I look at the grand scope of the acting and how well the actors seem to mesh together in this, it captures the special feelings I felt from day one when the first book hit shelves and I picked it up and read it.
I'm highly impressed. And for me, I'm happy about that. Because movies in the past have been written about books, and they've fallen so flat on their face, to me, that it made me sad I ever touched the first product to begin with... But I like Game of Thrones. I think Mr. Martin struck oil, gold, and coal with this HBO deal.
On to episode 2... I think it achieved a second height beyond what episode one did. I think the acting was over-all better, the script hit the key points of the book better, and the pivotal plot twists were executed very well. Of course, in some places it wasn't verbatim. But with the acting I saw it is forgivable to me. Episode two felt right... more than right, it felt good. From the love scene between Drogho and Daenerys to the execution of Lady by Lord Eddard Stark. Episode two captured the feelings and rekindled the fire I felt when reading Song of Ice and Fire.
Forgive me if I elaborated on too many things at once in this episode two thread. If the administrators or thread starter feel this post would be better placed somewhere else, or busted up into a couple pieces I will understand. Just now getting a feel for this forum thing. I only ask your patience... and a little feedback and debate would be welcome too. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
18	Cold Pie	2011-04-27	Forgive me if I elaborated on too many things at once in this episode two thread. If the administrators or thread starter feel this post would be better placed somewhere else, or busted up into a couple pieces I will understand. Just now getting a feel for this forum thing. I only ask your patience... and a little feedback and debate would be welcome too. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Welcome to the forums /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ! And there's no problem with your post whatsoever.I liked the second episode better than the first one. This is probably because of the fact that the main Introduction phase was done in episode one, and it felt a bit rushed, even though I have full understanding to why they had to mush in so much information in at once. I do have a bit of problem with the sex scenes though, and I hope they don't let them take up so much time in future episodes. I know that some sex scenes are integral to the story, like the one between Cersei and Jamie in Ep 1, but some are unnessecary, like the one in the Winterfell Brothel (!?) with Tyrion. I understand this was used as an introduction to his character for people new to ASOIAF but it was a bit over the top, especially with Jamie shooing in four additional girls in the end of the scene. It felt like they had toned it down a bit in this episode which I thought was good, although I fear that they will make Danys ex-prostitute handmaiden a more important character than in the books for more scenes in which she educates Dany, or even when she has sex with Viserys (which is only mentioned in the books but will probably be an entire scene in the series)./rantI do however feel that this series is just going to become better and better when the viewers will get to know the characters more, and watch the plot build up. But that requires a focused viewership from day 1.Episode 1: 7/10Episode 2: 8/10
					
					
							Edited by Cold Pie, 27 April 2011 - 04:34 AM.
19	Mistral	2011-04-27	I've rated this one a 6. I felt it was weaker than the opening episode, although there were several scenes I loved, which redeemed it somewhat.
Negatives:
What's Peter Dinklage doing with his diction? He seems to over-enunciate every word, like a sixth-former 'doing' Shakespeare. I like him in the part, other than this, and I hope he tones it down a bit as he settles into the role.
I'm finding Kit Harington quite wooden; not enough of the sulky angst or simmering resentment I remember from the Jon Snow of the books. Kit spends much of the time looking faintly stunned and more than a little vacant. 
Joffrey. I find it hard to believe that even naive Sansa would fall so completely under the spell of this horrid little squirt. It was plausible in the books because he was tallish for his age and storybook-handsome - she was able to remain blind to his true nature for quite some time. In the show he is just pure odious.
Small gripe, but I was disappointed not to hear Catelyn tell Jon that 'it should have been him.'
I felt the scene with Sansa, the Hound and Ilyn Payne was fumbled somewhat. It wasn't clear why she was frightened of either of them, particularly. Felt a bit rushed and stuck-in-there.
Theon  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  bad, bad casting.
Positives:
Both of the direwolf attacks were well done.
Sean Bean was the best thing in this episode, again. I hope the rest of the cast improve their game soon, because at the moment, he is carrying it for me, and that worries me.
Arya  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
20	Cold Pie	2011-04-27	What's Peter Dinklage doing with his diction? He seems to over-enunciate every word, like a sixth-former 'doing' Shakespeare. I like him in the part, other than this, and I hope he tones it down a bit as he settles into the role.Strange, I always imagine Tyrion to talk like that.Joffrey. I find it hard to believe that even naive Sansa would fall so completely under the spell of this horrid little squirt. It was plausible in the books because he was tallish for his age and storybook-handsome - she was able to remain blind to his true nature for quite some time. In the show he is just pure odious.I agree that they might have failed a bit with that, but I always had the impression that Sansa had a crush on him because of the fact that he was prince more than anything else.Sean Bean was the best thing in this episode, again. I hope the rest of the cast improve their game soon, because at the moment, he is carrying it for me, and that worries me.Arya  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Arya and Bean are great!
21	Songlian	2011-04-27	I gave it a 7, while the first episode was a  6 for me. Maybe I have exceedingly high standards, maybe I was overly impressed with the books, but there you have it. 
I'm beginning to really like some "things" about the show, though.  Sean Bean as Ned was probably the first of them this episode.
22	flyingwind66	2011-04-27	They were trying to find "Arya"...did you read the books??  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />but right now she's still a lvl 1 character (pre-lvl 1?) /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> she hasn't gone out and gained any exp yet
23	Relic	2011-04-27	These are astonishingly high ratings for being an internet poll. There's usually somone who gives the 1 vote in protest or whatever but here there's not a single vote of 5 or lower.Ingmar! What's up man. Glad to see you posting on here. i gave it a 4. might find that number a bit harsh when i re-watch it with friends tonight.
24	cypselus	2011-04-27	I gave it an 8 with some reservations.  Just as in the book, I don't care much for the Daenerys storyline, though Viserys and Mormont are well-portrayed.  Most of the other performances are good.  Kit Harrington does not impress as Jon.  I'm easily manipulated by sick kids and dying dogs, so the episode grabbed me viscerally, and finally something is starting to happen.  Better than the first episode, which just seemed rushed.
25	arrowfan	2011-04-28	Ep2 8/10. 
I can't see how anyone could give a 6 or less rating.  I mean... the casting is incredible, production is tip-top, and the story is - well it's GRRM. I suppose the adaptation is what's left, but even that is quite good. I think Game of Thrones will have a lot of 'sleeper' value. 
Anyway, I'm thoroughly enjoying the HBO production. Ignore the gratuitous tits and it's almost LOTR does GRRM.
26	Carldog	2011-04-28	First off,  I've enjoyed both episodes.
I gave this one an 80% (85% really) for three reasons: 1. Tyrion waking up in the dog pin is out of character for him and I didn't like that. 2. The lack Ghost I have a problem with. 3. The chick on chick thing with Dany and Darea was a waste of time.  I'll take more story over more sex.
Very pleased over all.
27	Direwolves are totally sweet	2011-04-28	So far, I think the acting has been superb. Just like the books, Sansa's a little shit, Catelyn is vaguely nuts, etc etc. I suppose Joffrey's actor could have looked a little more 13 than 11, to fit with Sansa looking older (she's tall as hell!), but that's a tiny nit. I think the Lannister twins have been absolutely flawless so far.
No spoilers, but they've done a great job of hinting at some of the deeper plotlines going on that will continue to come to light as the series progresses. My brother watched both with me (having never read the books), and directly asked me about something we've discussed ad nauseum over the years.
I disagree with the anti-Dany actress stuff so far. What a weird role to try to bring to film over ~10 minutes of screen time so far, but I feel like her interactions with Drogo, Viserys, and Doreah have been very good at developing their characters with such limited time.
My biggest complaint is totally petty; I feel like the Hound should look more imposing, scratchy voiced, and brutal.
28	Huan	2011-04-28	I give it 8 out of 10 (8.5 if it were possible). When re-watching on DVR I fast-forwarded through the Catelyn/Cersei and Detective Catelyn scenes every time, just couldn't bear to watch them again. Wasn't a big fan of Tyrion waking up with the dogs instead of reading all night, and not sure how I feel about the Jon/Jaime scene, but I loved everything else. The farewells were poignant and the Kingsroad scenes were done about as well as I could have hoped (barring Ser Ilyn Payne who looks comical instead of deathly frightening). Sean Bean is so good as Ned Stark!!
29	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-28	I gave it a 7, gave the first episode an 8.
As far as storyline and acting, I thought everything was superb.  Tyrion was excellent, and Arya once again was my favorite.
That being said, I found the editing/pacing to be a little off.  They did a much better job of that in the first episode.  There were some scenes that I felt lingered too long and became uncomfortable.  I hate it when that happens, everyone is just standing around trying to look dramatic.  It works for a slit second, but if the camera lingers it just starts to look posed.
If they were better with the editing they might be able to fit a whole other scene in!  OK, maybe not, but it would still help with the pacing.
I also still don't care for Jon Snow, his acting seems a little wooden to me.
I've heard this is the weakest of the first 6 episodes though, so if a 7 is the lowest number this season gets, well, that would be awesome!
30	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-28	about a 8.5 or so. Way better than week 1.
31	Triskan	2011-04-29	Yeah, it's almost as if the poll is being hosted on a fansite for the series the show is based on! Crazy!I gave it a 9. Arya made the show for me, and Tyrion followed that up. Those are my two favs in the book, and they really make it shine here.I also just gave it a nine, and I'd agree that these two characters are the biggest stars.  They are absolute scene-stealers every time.  But there are so many other good performances.  Lena Heady is so subtly good as a careful and crafty Cercei.   NCW rocks as Jaime too.  The girl playing Sansa is great (I had a bit of trouble with her at first just because she wasn't quite what I pictured in the books, but she's doing an excellent job thus far).  But man, Tyrion and Arya are just phenomenal.  Mark Addy never felt quite right to me as a casting.  I pictured Robert as being an obvious ex-basass from a physical warrior standpoint, and Addy doesn't quite capture that for me.  But I'm not worried about that any more.  He captures the character of Robert so well.  Really, I am just so impressed by the cast.  I hope we see Dany's evolution, and I think that we will.  I think the actress is doing a fantastic job with what she's given.  I just hope her character comes along a bit.
32	Ran	2011-04-29	It's averaging 8.2, which I think is a pretty fair score. Most critics have been rating the episode 4/5, or a B, and that's squarely in line with that.
33	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-29	I find it hard to rate this show. I'm clearly more entertained by this than most other TV but I'm also more critical to what I watch than I am with things I haven't already read (any comparisons to what's been left in or cut out should be irrelevant). I also prefer to rate entire seasons when we're dealing with a continuing plot and not individual episodes. If I tried it might reach a 9, primarily strengthened by the acting of some fantastic scenes.
I keep seeing things that increase my surprise on that several critics said that the second episode is the worst. Not only do I think it's better than the first, the second episode has been what has made every non-reader I've gotten to watch the show be completely enthralled by it (they really liked the first as well but this was when they got truly sold).
34	Tywin	2011-04-29	7.5/8I liked the Lannisters in this episode the most. The banter between Cersei, Jaime and Tyrion at the table was top-notch and I liked the little look Tyrion give Jaime and Cersei when they were looking between one another following the mention that Bran might live.I happen to like how Dinklage speaks too. He makes Tyrion sound noble and posh sounding which I think fits the character well, given he has has to be devious and eloquent to stand out more.Arya's actress is very good.Personal grievances:No Barristan and Renly during the scene where Ned finds Arya in the hall. I always liked the Renly piss-taking bit where he makes fun of the name of Joffrey's sword (Lion's Tooth).Joffrey seems a bit... I don't know... off in places. The bit where Tyrion hits him, he's fine. The bit where he's talking about Ilyn Payne to Sansa and he goes to touch her seemed a little wooden.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin, 29 April 2011 - 11:38 AM.
35	Daenerys	2011-04-29	A solid 8. Overall very good, but still feel off in some places. When you go back to watch the first season of a tv series with a few years under its belt, the first season (sometimes two) invariably seems a bit awkward compared with the later ones. Some shows that turned into classics, such as Seinfeld and Star Trek: The Next Generation, have first season episodes that are painful to watch (in retrospect) and you wonder how they got a second season approved. The point being, I'm thrilled that we have this kind of quality in the first few episodes of the first season. It should only get better from here as the actors get comfortable with their characters, and the directors and editors get a better feel for tone and pacing and so forth. They're not there yet, but there's few really glaring problems for me.Watching the series also has forced me to examine the books more critically, and although they are still by far my favorite books, I have to admit they aren't perfect either. There's sections that drag too much or don't feel relevant or authentic, things I would have spent more time with or cut out. Being slavishly dedicated to the book is definitely not a good way to go (Harry Potter movies went that route and suffered for it IMO). As long as they get the spirit of it right I'll be happy and take it on its own merits, and so far they've succeeded.
36	Bronn Stone	2011-05-01	A solid 8. Overall very good, but still feel off in some places. When you go back to watch the first season of a tv series with a few years under its belt, the first season (sometimes two) invariably seems a bit awkward compared with the later ones. Some shows that turned into classics, such as Seinfeld and Star Trek: The Next Generation, have first season episodes that are painful to watch (in retrospect) and you wonder how they got a second season approved. The point being, I'm thrilled that we have this kind of quality in the first few episodes of the first season. It should only get better from here as the actors get comfortable with their characters, and the directors and editors get a better feel for tone and pacing and so forth. They're not there yet, but there's few really glaring problems for me.I'd say the difference between an adaptation and an original creation is responsible for a series finding its legs in the second or third season.  ST:TNG, Seinfeld and the example I would have used - Babylon 5 don't have the built-in advantage GoT has.  GRRM has already created fully-envisioned characters.  In those other shows, the characters are still somewhat blank slates. But in general I am happy with the show and think things will get better and are already pretty damned good.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 01 May 2011 - 05:30 PM.
37	Daenerys	2011-05-01	Throwing out the top and bottom 5%, I get an average of 8.2 for this episode (first episode average was 7.8).
38	Kat	2011-05-01	Throwing out the top and bottom 5%, I get an average of 8.2 for this episode (first episode average was 7.8).Thanks for doing the tallying so we don't have to. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
39	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-02	8
This was a powerful episode.  It had some real action-packed, exciting moments (eg - Bran's direwolf scene) that were missing last week.  A lot of critics are commenting on how powerful the ending - Ned's killing Lady - was.  I'm glad that this scene struck a chord with non-readers, because I think it sets the tone for the series and offers a taste of what's to come.  Since it resonated well, so should the rest of the series, if properly executed.  My personal favorite scene was the Jon-Cat interchange in Bran's room; I found the music really powerful and the entire experience very exemplifying of the grit and bleakness that define this series.
I'm really pleased/relieved that they're sticking close to the source material.
40	DecoyRunner	2011-05-04	Agree with the general sentiment that the casting is a little off. Theon seems too skinny, Cersei seems too old and Jamie looks like a soap opera character. Ah, well. It was never going to be perfect. I'm torn between anger that it's being somewhat mistreated and just being grateful that it exists as a television series at all. 
Will they make it to A Dream Of Spring? Probably not. But it's enough that they try.
41	Buster	2011-05-29	The series is definitely growing on me, I loved the first episode but it did suffer from pacing issues. Looking forward to watching episode 3 at some point today, like the book the series has a slow start, but when things start to get going, they don't stop.
It deserves an 8/10 for superb acting, set design and Peter Dinklage.
42	Blizzard	2011-09-29	I gave it an 8. It entertained me nicely and built on the plot without running with it.
43	lyvyathan	2011-10-17	I thought it was pretty good.
44	dark  sister	2012-01-07	My favorite part (which is, strangely enough,  not in the books) is what happens after they find Arya, Sansa lies, Ned pleads, Cersei/Joff gloat, and Ned has to kill Lady.  Basically, there is some sort of "connection" (for lack of a better word -- between Lady's death and Bran's rebirth.  I like the music that begins to play, how Ned plays with Lady's ears, then it slowly pans closer to Bran's bed, and his eyes open when we hear the sword cut off Lady's head.  I never looked at this exchange of "death for life" in this scene.  I personally believe it was probably the producers' interpretation, but I think it works really well in the scene.  The music is haunting, too.  Side note: I love Ramin Djawadi's music for the series.  He's Iranian, and I'm part Iranian too, and he really captures the haunting melodies that I, personally, love in music.  Maybe it's a Persian thing? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  Who knows.The title music is probably the best ever.  Here's a boy who did his own version of it on the violin instead of cello, and I think he plays it wonderfully and with a lot of passion:http://www.youtube.c...ture=plpp_video
45	Chelly	2012-01-31	Its not the best, but I liked it a lot. I also liked how they connected Lady's death with Bran coming back.
46	Ser Luke.	2013-02-26	7/10.
47	Kat	2011-04-25	Thank you for taking the time to read this!Because of the unique situation with the show's close adaptation of the novels, we have decided that a stringent approach to spoilers is the only way to allow the forum to cater to the widest possible viewership, from those who've not read the novels to those who've devoured every book. It is of absolute importance that spoiling the TV show for those who've not read the books does not happen. We will be quite harsh on this point, including completely blocking access to this discussion forum to habitual offenders (and possibly the rest of the forum, if we judge the spoiling to have been malicious rather than simply thoughtless). We have what we hope is a simple method of tagging each topic in regard to spoiler levels:NO SPOILERS: No spoilers of any kind, only what has been revealed in the episodes that have  been aired. However, mentioning a setting detail that does not in any way give away plot details is okay in this regard. We'll trust users to use their best judgment. When in doubt, don't post; errors will be treated as spoiling.TV SPOILERS - This is particularly intended for those who have not read the books, but are reading up on TV-show based discussion and media or watching previews for future episodes, which may provide spoilers. Make sure that the spoiler you want to discuss has come from TV-show focused media; if you can't cite the source, it may be assumed you're spoiling the books, and punished accordingly. Information from private screenings or viewings of episodes or material that is not yet aired should be protected with spoiler code.BOOK SPOILERS - Full on spoilers for all published works as well as all published media (previews, clips, summaries, etc.) that have been widely disseminated regarding the series. Information from private screenings or viewings of episodes or material that is not yet aired, as well as spoilers from unpublished works (ADwD excerpts, reading reports, etc.) should be protected with spoiler code.Some additional rules and notifications:Anyone can start a thread. However, the thread will be hidden until a moderator approves it as appropriate. Try to make sure you mark the spoiler level as directed above, that the title bears no spoilers, that you're not closely duplicating an existing topic, and that you are posting in the correct forumBe aware that other forums have different rules, namely that discussing any material from published works is fine and does not need spoiler notification. If you want to make sure you never see spoilers from those forums, make sure to bookmark and only visit this forumPlease remain civil in discussions. Rude remarks about other posters, implying personal defects to them, and so on is inappropriate. If you have a personal beef with someone, use the PM system to contact them privately. Tit-for-tat insults and pointless arguments will not be tolerated.Similarly, please remain respectful of the cast and crew, especially when it comes to matters such as personal appearance. It's okay to say an actor does not fit your image of a character, or even how the character is described, but it's not acceptable to go on about finding them 'too ugly' for a role or what have you. These are real people, some of whom browse this forum, some who even have a presence here. They've worked hard to create the best show they can. Performance critiques, so long as they're constructive, are of course welcome.We highly recommend reading the Board Style Guide, our guide for How to Avoid Flames, and the Board FAQ. It's pretty safe to assume that all threads in the episode discussion forums are going to contain TV spoilers for that episode and previous ones, but please try to respect the spoiler tags in the thread titles, and if you must refer to something from the books that hasn't been revealed in the TV show yet in a no-spoilers thread, please use the [spoiler] tag to hide potential spoilers from unsuspecting readers.New threads in this sub-forum go into a mod queue, where your topic may have its title edited to reflect spoiler content, or may be merged into a more general pre-existing topic. If you're wondering what happened to your post, look around in the other threads. For instance, we have been merging new threads with very specific observations about the episode into the longer "Episode 10x" threads where others may be talking about that same thing. Before you start a new thread, read some of the others.
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 01 May 2011 - 05:05 PM.
48	Kat	2011-04-25	Go on.
49	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Come on, Cersei wouldn't have killed her own child after risking her life in pregnancy and childbirth. In the book she just didn't want to go through it all for the sake of Robert's kid, since she already hated Robert. I assume that in the show they'll have Cersei give Robert the benefit of doubt for a bit longer  than in the books, that's all. Hence, a common kid that died. I am relived that they seem to be taking out the genealogy book, because Ned basing his accusation on it was just stupid, there were 5 or so generations and one Targaryen princess between people mentioned there and Robert. Cersei's dead kid + Gendry + Barra will make the same point much more plausibly, IMHO.And yes, Tyrion did think in ACoK that at least one kid of Robert's would have deflected suspicion. But he was speaking about a live kid, IIRC. A long-dead baby and after him a string of blonds wouldn't have quite the same effect.Ascribing logical motivations to Cersei is not a logical thing to do.  Cersei is wildfire.  She changes with the prevailing wind and jumps to conclusions on the basis of the skimpiest of evidence.  She damned well might have killed the kid growing inside her on the basis of something stupid... "How about 'Lyanna' if she is a girl???""A man has his needs.  So did those three tavern wenches.""The best thing my father did was to foster me at the Eyrie.  I think I'll do the same for my heir."*smack*  "I'll honor you again..."
50	Cereal Forel	2011-04-25	A blu-ray player would be a very good investment for when this show is released.
51	Mack Kilimaro	2011-04-25	Go on.No u! (Why Bean Bags?)Seriously though, a lot of my time thinking about the show has been wondering about how different elements would come across to non-readers. I have a friend from my WOW guild who I have talked into trying the show although she had never read the books. She seemed to be hooked from the first episode: as soon as it was over she was like, "Oh my God! I hope Bran survives the fall!"Last night she was talking to me about how you could really see the connection with each wolf to its Stark child, also how the Queen is such a bitch, and she loves "the younger sister" and the wit of "the dwarf", particularly when they were having breakfast. She singled out the "Speaking for the grotesques..." line there. I hope her opinion is representative of other non-readers who are trying the show.I asked her who she thinks sent the assassin to Bran's room and she said the Queen. I wonder how the show will have that evidence be revealed and when/if she will change her mind to the correct culprit.
52	tripleneck	2011-04-25	Hello All, Newbie here, I've read all the books...
Two favorite moments in ep 2:
1: Lannister breakfast when Jaime says he'd rather be dead than maimed. Tyrion replies that death is so final. Cut to Jaime raising up his cup with the right hand that will be cut off. Very clever nod to readers and nice use of pure imagery to tell the story.
2: The meeting of Sansa and the Hound in the village street. I really like how they're handling his character. And I loved how Joffrey cock-blocks him. The whole world is going to cheer when the little prince chokes on his own tongue.
53	Smiler	2011-04-25	I do find it odd that Theon was included in the Godswood scene, but I liked how he so confidently pledged his people's help. That made me smirk knowing just how much "help" Theon and his people are going to be.Actually in the book, he was there for the discussion.  I don't have it with me, but it's basically the same scene in AGOT with Catelyn, Rob, Maester L, Rodrick, and Theon, when Cat says she must go to King's Landing.  Rob draws his sword in anger and Rodrick dresses him down for it (which Llewyn basically did the same thing in the HBO portrayal when Rob talks about war).  In the book Theon tells Catelyn (paraphrasing) "My Lady, my house owes a great debt to the Starks", which I always thought was extremely ironic, given that Ned and Robert cast down Theon's father.  Regarding the Jaime/Jon scene in episode 2, I enjoyed it.  I thought it was very in-character to how Jaime tends to mock the young upstarts, especially in ASOS like Cleos Frey and the crossbowman kid at the inn, and even Loras.Count me amongst the ones who think "It should have been you" never really clicked.  I didn't miss it in the episode, and I thought it was better handled in the HBO adaptation.  I'm not really a Catelyn hater either though.  I don't think George intended readers to hate her, but I don't know, I'm not George.  I saw her as a character with good intentions who made some poor choices that escalated the war. In reference to complaints about the development of the Hound and other characters, I think we all are forgetting that it took 2 to 3 books for us to really form our complete impressions of the characters.  At this point in the story, the Hound was really no more than a lapdog for Joeffrey who made short jokes to Tyrion and didn't seem to give a shit that he just ran down a butchers boy. I don't think we get a good introduction to his character until he walks Sansa home from the Hand's tournament.
					
					
							Edited by Smiler, 25 April 2011 - 02:41 PM.
54	chris.t.	2011-04-25	The whole world is going to cheer when the little prince chokes on his own tongue.Hopefully, the series gets picked up for season three and we can all prepare for the inevitable nation-wide "Joffrey finally gets his" parties.
55	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Hopefully, the series gets picked up for season three and we can all prepare for the inevitable nation-wide "Joffrey finally gets his" parties.I don't know if I'll be over my Red Wedding Reception hangover in time.
56	ohmahgaw	2011-04-25	Actually in the book, he was there for the discussion.  I don't have it with me, but it's basically the same scene in AGOT with Catelyn, Rob, Maester L, Rodrick, and Theon, when Cat says she must go to King's Landing.  Rob draws his sword in anger and Rodrick dresses him down for it (which Llewyn basically did the same thing in the HBO portrayal when Rob talks about war).  In the book Theon tells Catelyn (paraphrasing) "My Lady, my house owes a great debt to the Starks", which I always thought was extremely ironic, given that Ned and Robert cast down Theon's father.  It always pissed me off in the books that Catelyn trusted Theon and not Jon. She hated Jon because of what he represented, but also because she feared that her son's positions would be challenged by him in the future (Which was why she was so mad at the idea of Rob making him his heir). Given that she felt that way, you would think she'd mistrust Theon just a little bit, I mean his family was at war with the Starks at one point and he wasn't too young to remember that.
57	Alexia	2011-04-25	It always pissed me off in the books that Catelyn trusted Theon and not Jon. She hated Jon because of what he represented, but also because she feared that her son's positions would be challenged by him in the future (Which was why she was so mad at the idea of Rob making him his heir). Given that she felt that way, you would think she'd mistrust Theon just a little bit, I mean his family was at war with the Starks at one point and he wasn't too young to remember that.When did Catelyn trust Theon?  IIRC, Theon reminiscences about her coldness and mistrust, and she urges Robb not to send Theon to Balon.  I don't recall any indication that she trusted him so I'd be interested to see the citation.
58	Norvard	2011-04-25	To some earlier posts about some characters being dirty or having dirt on their faces. I think there is not enough of it. Some actors hair is waaaaay to perfect for such times, people need to have a bit more grease and messiness in their due. Its not like they haid a bunch of hair products and blow dryers in those days. 
Also, we havent seen the full scene of the envoy reaching all the way to Kings Landing but I really hope they make it seem like a long journey. So far it has seemed like a little 2 day stroll through the countryside. Sweeping aerial shots of the landscape and maybe even some map shots would help. The land is large.
59	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-25	"Bean Bags" ROFLKat.
60	Kat	2011-04-25	Ascribing logical motivations to Cersei is not a logical thing to do.  Cersei is wildfire.  She changes with the prevailing wind and jumps to conclusions on the basis of the skimpiest of evidence.  She damned well might have killed the kid growing inside her on the basis of something stupid... "How about 'Lyanna' if she is a girl???""A man has his needs.  So did those three tavern wenches.""The best thing my father did was to foster me at the Eyrie.  I think I'll do the same for my heir."*smack*  "I'll honor you again..."Indeed.Of all things, I can't possibly condemn Cersei if she took abortifacient herbs when pregnant with Robert's baby. I mean, if we're going to be imposing modern ethics on this world and all.....that's one of the least evil things she does in the books
61	Volderon	2011-04-25	To some earlier posts about some characters being dirty or having dirt on their faces. I think there is not enough of it. Some actors hair is waaaaay to perfect for such times, people need to have a bit more grease and messiness in their due. Its not like they haid a bunch of hair products and blow dryers in those days. Also, we havent seen the full scene of the envoy reaching all the way to Kings Landing but I really hope they make it seem like a long journey. So far it has seemed like a little 2 day stroll through the countryside. Sweeping aerial shots of the landscape and maybe even some map shots would help. The land is large.I think the dirt and grit is good enough. If you think it's bad, watch Camelot. The women actually wear make-up.
62	Ser Greguh	2011-04-25	Not sure if it's been discussed but Cersei may not have recognized the kid wasn't Jaime's until after it was born in this particular version of events.  IMO it's perfectly plausible she offed the kid.  Of course the symptoms of his illness are meant to mirror those of the Tears of Lys, but that seems so obvious it feels like it may be a red herring...
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 25 April 2011 - 03:09 PM.
63	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-25	To some earlier posts about some characters being dirty or having dirt on their faces. I think there is not enough of it. Some actors hair is waaaaay to perfect for such times, people need to have a bit more grease and messiness in their due. Its not like they haid a bunch of hair products and blow dryers in those days. Also, we havent seen the full scene of the envoy reaching all the way to Kings Landing but I really hope they make it seem like a long journey. So far it has seemed like a little 2 day stroll through the countryside. Sweeping aerial shots of the landscape and maybe even some map shots would help. The land is large.Exactly right. The trip from Winterfell to the Wall takes at least 18 days. From the boundary of the New Gift alone is 50 leagues. There is a dearth of handy inns in which to pop in and clean up.
64	Trebla	2011-04-25	Indeed.Of all things, I can't possibly condemn Cersei if she took abortifacient herbs when pregnant with Robert's baby. I mean, if we're going to be imposing modern ethics on this world and all.....that's one of the least evil things she does in the booksWe once had a very long and heated debate on the subject. It starts to go beyond the abortion debate but into possible treason. Jaime was a member of the Kingsguard, Cersei the queen. They aborted the true born heir to Westeros.
65	Alexia	2011-04-25	I don't think Cersei would have killed a living baby of hers.  The stigma against kinslaying is strong and at least in the books, saved Tyrion's life.  I have no doubt Tywin would have killed him if he didn't believe it would bring a curse down on his head.  
IMO, either Cersei took some sort of abortifacient at a late stage of her pregnancy, or this happened before Robert succeeded in turning her against him.  I would be very disappointed if show-Cersei turns out to have murdered her own baby.
As for the rest of my thoughts on the show:
I loved the scene between the three Lannisters, and Tyrion smacking Joffrey.  The Stark girls are wonderful, and I enjoy watching Joffrey on camera (surprised to see he is shorter than Sansa - how tall is Sophie Turner?).  I loved the Hound and his scene with Tyrion and I felt so sorry for poor Mycah.  OTOH, Daenerys' handmaids are even more annoying on television ("it is known" /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />) than they were in the books.  I also missed Arya's line, "I didn't hurt you...much" from the books.
66	Cereal Forel	2011-04-25	I really wish Sophie Turner's hair wasn't so strawberry blonde. She looks so out of place.
67	Kat	2011-04-25	We once had a very long and heated debate on the subject. It starts to go beyond the abortion debate but into possible treason. Jaime was a member of the Kingsguard, Cersei the queen. They aborted the true born heir to Westeros.Yeah, I know. I don't really want to bring it all up again, but like I said, this is me imposing my modern ethics (and feminism) into Westeros. There's very little women are legally or morally allowed to do in Westeros, either because it's a patriarchy and they have no rights, or because it's a feudal monarchy and there's the whole issue of heirs. In my mind, though, Robert has no inherent right to have any woman as the vessel for his heirs-- and that's really what I think about when I decide whether something is evil or not.Not that I wholly sympathize with Cersei; she's a piece of work who goes beyond simply protecting her own rights and definitely steps far over the boundary of being evil when she starts trying to kill other people's kids, like Bran and Robert's bastards. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
68	Greylander	2011-04-25	I like the scene between Cat & Cersei, but... "I never knew"?????
How is it possible that the wife of the King's best friend never knew that the King had a son -- his first born, who then died in infancy?  This would have been the biggest news in the kingdom at the time.  Producing an heir is among the most important functions of king & queen, and a subject of great interest to all the nobility.
Perhaps this comes up again later, and there is some explanation for secrecy?
69	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	Oh, and speaking from the female side of things, I just wanted to add.(NSFW LINK below)let's get to the bottom of thisIt was a beautiful thing to behold.  Forgive my posting of a naked butt, but who are we kidding?  This is pure awesomeness.
70	Starkess	2011-04-25	I loved the scene between the three Lannisters, and Tyrion smacking Joffrey.  The Stark girls are wonderful, and I enjoy watching Joffrey on camera (surprised to see he is shorter than Sansa - how tall is Sophie Turner?).  I loved the Hound and his scene with Tyrion and I felt so sorry for poor Mycah.  OTOH, Daenerys' handmaids are even more annoying on television ("it is known" /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />) than they were in the books.  I also missed Arya's line, "I didn't hurt you...much" from the books.She's 5'9", certainly on the tall side for a grown woman and still only 15.ETA: Nevermind, my google-fu skills fail!  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
					
					
							Edited by Starkess, 25 April 2011 - 03:36 PM.
71	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	I really wish Sophie Turner's hair wasn't so strawberry blonde. She looks so out of place.I think it fits in nicely.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
72	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-25	Ok. This guy is prolly the WORST reviewer in history. One more fuckin "uuuuuh", I woulda reached thru the screen and slapped him silly.Come now Sword, just admit it, you hate all black people!
73	RedWeddingCake	2011-04-25	Loved the episode and consider it superior to EP1.  I can not knock any of the changes made and find myself amazed at how well everything was handled in every scene.  Favorite scenes would include Ed Stark bulldozing his way through the Southerners at Arya's "trial" and the stare down between Joffrey and Arya.  She held that sword like a master.  Kudos to the way Dany's transition from meek trophy wife to aggressive leader is being handled.  The sex scenes actually serve a real purpose here.
					
					
							Edited by RedWeddingCake, 25 April 2011 - 03:57 PM.
74	Maia	2011-04-25	She damned well might have killed the kid growing inside her on the basis of something stupid...It is one thing for her to have an abortion (as she did in the books) and quite another to kill a baby she risked her life to bring to term and experienced agony to birth! I don't see Cersei doing the latter, like at all. And yea, the curse of kinslaying.The whole situation with Cersei, Robert and her kids would have been pretty much the same if they were Robert's - history is full of similar cases, of women avenging themselves on their husbands  in the only way open to them - by  raising the common sons to be their enemies. Personally, I always thought that the books would have been even better if Joff _could_ have been Robert's son and Ned was never sure, but given the boy's monstrous proclivities and his own enmity with the Lannisters _chose_ to believe that Joff was a bastard. A bit more like the "good" interpretation of Richard III.BTW, am I alone in disliking the costuming of the main characters? Why all the drab colors, ubuquiteous leather and the same clothing for day-to-day living and royal feasts? Where are the silks and the velvets, where is the clear visual difference between the nobles and the commoners (which yes, even Starks displayed)?  Why do the Starks wear so much black and very dark brown, instead of grey and white of their House? Why is nobody obviously wearing their sigils?  IMHO, "The Borgias" are doing it much better - it is instantly obvious who is a noble and who is a stable-hand and they do change their wardrobes when occasion requires it.
75	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Thanks to Ran/Linda for linking to this on Facebook.Cousin arrested in GoT squabblePretty funny that two young adults (I use the term purely in its biological sense) could get into fisticuffs over the show.Do not click below until you have read article!
	Spoiler I blame Podniestrzanski
Maia - Are you sure the child was brought to term?  Clearly it was sufficiently developed to be recognizable as a person, but the description of a bird without feathers could just as easily apply to a third trimester fetus.
76	Kat	2011-04-25	Maia - Are you sure the child was brought to term?  Clearly it was sufficiently developed to be recognizable as a person, but the description of a bird without feathers could just as easily apply to a third trimester fetus.I had the same question. I need to go back and watch that scene again because when I saw it the first time, I was sure that this was a miscarriage (or "miscarriage") Cersei was talking about.
77	Whitering	2011-04-25	They haven't established Cat's hatred for Jon, and now it is too late. That's not a problem in itself, I like Cat as portrayed on the show. Where it will become a problem is when Rob names Jon his heir, it is her panic at the very notion that leads to her further actions regarding Jaime. So, I don't know how they will handle that. It doesn't happen until next season, and TV shows are not great for continuity.
78	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-25	Thanks to Ran/Linda for linking to this on Facebook.Cousin arrested in GoT squabbleFrom the police report: "Both subjects are cousins to each other..."Really? I'd expected Mr. Ross to be Mr. Podniestrzanski's cousin, but what are the odds that Mr. Podniestrzanski is Mr. Ross' cousin as well?
					
					
							Edited by The Iceman of the North, 25 April 2011 - 04:11 PM.
79	Brewmaster	2011-04-25	Maia - Are you sure the child was brought to term?  Clearly it was sufficiently developed to be recognizable as a person, but the description of a bird without feathers could just as easily apply to a third trimester fetus.In fact, I would say the description doesn't just apply, but implies that. Yeah, newborns can look like that for a little while, but that description sounds more like a premie than a full term baby.
					
					
							Edited by Brewmaster, 25 April 2011 - 04:12 PM.
80	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-25	I had the same question. I need to go back and watch that scene again because when I saw it the first time, I was sure that this was a miscarriage (or "miscarriage") Cersei was talking about.Nah, she says the child died of fever, thus it must have been a live birth.
81	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-25	Well I'll say this, I think my entire family (out of the five of them only one has read the first book) has become hooked after this episode. Even my Dad, who I thought would hate this kinda thing. So I'm damn impressed. 
I'm not afraid to admit a couple of the direwolf scenes brought a tear to my eye too.
Oh yeah, my Dad is English and an accent snob. Tyrion is his favourite character so far. Stop whining about that shit, the man sounds fine.
					
					
							Edited by Ser_not_appearing_yet, 25 April 2011 - 04:28 PM.
82	Kat	2011-04-25	In response to someone from the last thread:Claiming Dinklage's chosen dialect for Tyrion is all a part of the character's mocking nature seems like a band-aid for an off performance by wishful thinkers. Although if he drops it and speaks like everyone else when he should be scared straight (Which should happen quite a bit during and after Cat takes him) I'd admit I'm wrong on that. He sounds like a cartoon, and if he's doing that intentionally then somebody within the story should react to him as such.At the moment, I'm left wishing that Bronn somehow loses his duel.I'm not talking about Tyrion's accent, but his entire manner. It's clear from the books that he and Jaime have different senses of humor, although they both have a lot of humorous or sarcastic lines, but Jaime is much more laid-back in his delivery, whereas Tyrion is more up-front about it. He can play the jester, the fool, because people don't expect much of him due to his appearance. (See: several dwarves employed as jesters in the books.) His family should be used to it by now, and everyone else just doesn't know how to react. Why should they? He's the queen's useless brother who has weird habits like reading and constantly visiting brothels. He's like the class clown.I just think that if you're playing a character who uses humor as a defense mechanism, it's appropriate for that character to sound a little affected, and I'm fine with Dinklage playing Tyrion the way he is playing him, voice and all. Maybe it's just because I've hung around some people with really strange affectations in my life, like my former housemate who would constantly put on this 50's sci-fi narrator voice and persona. He knew he was a strange guy, and everyone else knew it, so why pretend otherwise?
83	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Nah, she says the child died of fever, thus it must have been a live birth.Not if the fever was the mother's (and the cover story).ETA: I'm sure we'll hear more about this story down the road.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 25 April 2011 - 04:24 PM.
84	elfish_warrior	2011-04-25	They haven't established Cat's hatred for Jon, and now it is too late. That's not a problem in itself, I like Cat as portrayed on the show. Where it will become a problem is when Rob names Jon his heir, it is her panic at the very notion that leads to her further actions regarding Jaime. So, I don't know how they will handle that. It doesn't happen until next season, and TV shows are not great for continuity.How haven't they established her hatred for him, the look during the archery lesson during the first episode was very icy and showed that there was issues between the pair. And when Jon went to visit Bran before going to the wall she again treats him to icy glares and tells him to get out. The conversation with Robb outside further promotes the fact that their is the issue that she dislikes him and that the others know of it.
85	aeu	2011-04-25	Come now Sword, just admit it, you hate all black people! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> I would hate to get on the wrong side of Sword by quoting this, but it's just too funny...."It should have been you" is the single weakest line of the first book and I'm ecstatic that it was removed.Agreed. It just doesn't make sense to me.
86	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	How haven't they established her hatred for him, the look during the archery lesson during the first episode was very icy and showed that there was issues between the pair. And when Jon went to visit Bran before going to the wall she again treats him to icy glares and tells him to get out. The conversation with Robb outside further promotes the fact that their is the issue that she dislikes him and that the others know of it.Hey you - Stop making sense.   /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
87	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	They haven't established Cat's hatred for Jon, and now it is too late. That's not a problem in itself, I like Cat as portrayed on the show. Where it will become a problem is when Rob names Jon his heir, it is her panic at the very notion that leads to her further actions regarding Jaime. So, I don't know how they will handle that. It doesn't happen until next season, and TV shows are not great for continuity.Are you kidding me? Uh, yes they did. Point one: Visually showing her glare at Jon after the archery lesson. And Jon's obvious discomfort from said stare. Point two: Having Jon tell Benjen that Lady Stark thought it would be an insult to seat a bastard at the feast. In the show, he's not even allowed to be present, whereas in the book he just can't sit with the other kids. Point three: "I want you to leave." Okay, it's not, "It should have been you," but it feels the same. And again with the glaring. Point four: She flat out tells Ned that he came back 17 years ago with a bastard, and he's leaving again. She's not happy about it. On the contrary, she's pissed. You may not have her inner monologue, but the subtext of her lines and looks are the same. And I think Fairley is doing a stand-up job selling this.ETA: Iceman, you made me /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> Honestly. I know this is totally an "in-joke," but my god. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> You're right. He hates em. (Love you Sword!)
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 25 April 2011 - 04:34 PM.
88	Kat	2011-04-25	Not if the fever was the mother's (and the cover story).ETA: I'm sure we'll hear more about this story down the road.We are on the same wavelength. I agree.Also, to whomever mentioned it before, a premature birth would also make sense. I just didn't get the idea that Cersei had had a live baby for any significant amount of time, by which I mean more than a few hours, if at all.
89	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	We are on the same wavelength. I agree.Also, to whomever mentioned it before, a premature birth would also make sense. I just didn't get the idea that Cersei had had a live baby for any significant amount of time, by which I mean more than a few hours, if at all.Almost certainly not.  This would have been the sort of tale that would have spread far and wide.  A live prince is big news.
90	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	We are on the same wavelength. I agree.Also, to whomever mentioned it before, a premature birth would also make sense. I just didn't get the idea that Cersei had had a live baby for any significant amount of time, by which I mean more than a few hours, if at all.I'm on your wavelength. I just thought about how after Hoster made Lysa drink the pansy tea she had issues carrying children to term (and the one she did is uh...not exactly okay /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />), and assumed that Cersei (either intentionally or not) drank pansy tea regularly to ensure that no child of Robert's would stand a chance in her womb, and she had issues with the pregnancy. I highly doubt it would have been publicized. From Cersei's comments on the child alone, I imagine it was born, lived a few hours, and succumbed to a fever (but really wouldn't have stood a chance any way).
91	Huan	2011-04-25	In reference to complaints about the development of the Hound and other characters, I think we all are forgetting that it took 2 to 3 books for us to really form our complete impressions of the characters.  At this point in the story, the Hound was really no more than a lapdog for Joeffrey who made short jokes to Tyrion and didn't seem to give a shit that he just ran down a butchers boy. I don't think we get a good introduction to his character until he walks Sansa home from the Hand's tournament.Agreed, it's hard to remember back to my first impression of the Hound. I think I didn't really pay attention to him until the scene with Sansa after the tournament feast. The episode 2 analysis hints that the Hound is portrayed differently in the tournament scene: "These are not, we might hint, the only changes when it comes to his character<U+0097>keep an eye out for episode 4." Can't wait to see that scene!
92	Mandiric	2011-04-25	Another awesome episode.  This has to be the role of a lifetime for Peter Dinklage; I cannot wait to see what he does with the character as the story progresses.  I<U+0092>m sure he<U+0092>ll hit it out of the park and I hope he<U+0092>ll be showered with awards.  Maisie Williams is adorable!  I think it<U+0092>s going to be very difficult watching her deal with all the darkness Arya encounters, because I have a feeling she<U+0092>s going to do a bang-up job of acting it convincingly.  Quite impressive for someone so young.Sean Bean was worth every penny.  My friends and I have been retreating to the back patio after episodes to babble excitedly about what we just watched, and it wasn<U+0092>t until things were winding down last night that we finally mentioned something about Bean<U+0092>s performance.  Rather surprising considering he<U+0092>s the <U+0093>main<U+0094> character, but we decided that we<U+0092>d inadvertently skipped over him to that point because he<U+0092>s just doing such a terrific job.  Gotta give props to Jack Gleeson too.  It<U+0092>s been mentioned several times that he has the kind of face you instinctively want to hit, but that doesn<U+0092>t really take much work on his part.  So I think it<U+0092>s cool that he did an excellent job of showing the sniveling, cowardly weakling that is Joffrey Baratheon.  I wonder how his parents have prepared him for the audience<U+0092>s perception of his character.  <U+0093>Honey, people are going to cheer when you get killed.<U+0094>  Chin up, kiddo, and here<U+0092>s to you not getting typecast the rest of your life.My nit for the week is the dialogue change they made for Theon in the godswood scene, when Catelyn is airing her suspicions.  In the show, I think someone was talking about the possibility of battle with the Lannisters, and Theon said something to Robb like, <U+0093>You know I<U+0092>ll stand with you.<U+0094>  In the book, Theon says to Catelyn, <U+0093>My lady, if it comes to that, my house owes yours a great debt.<U+0094>  Which is ominous as hell considering what Theon does later.  I feel like D&D are giving Theon short shrift so far and I don<U+0092>t quite understand it. Can<U+0092>t wait to meet Littlefinger next week.
93	thorny throne	2011-04-25	Sansa being taller than Joff is very much unlike the books, because they stress there that Joff is tall for his age.
94	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-25	Anyone who didn't realise Cat has a dislike for Jon after that isn't too bright. No offense.
95	smegma	2011-04-25	Ya know, I hate to even acknowledge the people that have so many problems with the series - but here it goes:
Learn to like it, changes and all. Otherwise, why waste an hour a week watching (and countless more hating on it and/or discussing why it's so inferior to the books). It's going to be different than the books, as we've seen. But whole chocks of scenes are lifted right out of them as well - I've almost never seen such a faithful adaption (maybe The Princess Bride, but what a relatively easy hill to climb versus the Everest that is ASOIAF). The show is GREAT - better than even I, as an optimist, could have hoped. I love some of the changes because it gives me something to look forward to. I know the books as well as anyone here, but I am not hanging on each scene for every line to be delivered as it was in the books. It's actually a wonderful surprise to not know exactly what is coming, which is almost as enjoyable as watching it with non-readers that still manage to GET IT - and many of these people now want to read the books as well. 
These are two different mediums. We will eventually learn everyone's name, everyone's reason for being around. Many shows with large casts (especially HBO) lets their characters unfold only as necessary. We will learn why Theon is there and who he is. EVERYONE with half a brain knows that Cat hates Jon's presence. Ghost will feature more prominitenly when he can (although not as much as the books, for training reasons). We will understand more about Dany and Drogo, and the names of the Lannister kids is SO not important right now. It's not like a book where people are generally named right away - the show gives us visuals, and beautiful ones at that. 
If each change is going to bring out the hater in you, maybe it's not worth watching. I don't want anyone to NOT watch, cause I think it's a great show and we all know it will only get better - and I want the ratings to be as good as possible. But maybe rethink WHY you are watching it - are you watching it to see a book transcribed word-for-word onto the screen, or can you learn to accept it as a different thing altogether, and love the fan-service when it's there, love the new scenes we get, and be glad that a whole new slew of people are being exposed to the story that you've been raving about for years - and they now GET why you love it so much. 
Anyway, maybe haters are gonna hate, some drink the kool-aid too much, but really, who is having the better time of it?
96	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	Anyway, maybe haters are gonna hate, some drink the kool-aid too much, but really, who is having the better time of it?I, for one, love my huge ass Kool-Aid grin. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
97	Kalbear	2011-04-25	Yes, because god forbid that people who love the book series are disappointed with things and wish things went differently. How dare they be dissatisfied. There must be something WRONG with them. Who cares if they completely fuck over a certain character or edit out lines that they loved? 
That disappointment should not matter to them. They should be grateful that they get anything and be thankful that it didn't get turned into XenaPorn on their local affiliate like Sword of Truth did.
Seriously, smegma - what a fucking condescending, shitty post that completely nukes any reasonable conversation.
98	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-04-25	I just saw episode two The Kingsroad. It was very good, perhaps not as good as the first one but given what had to happen in it, it was probably unavoidable. I'm not sure what newbies will think - maybe they'll think it a bit slow? It's really difficult to judge if you're already a fan and know what will happen.Some notes:Too few direwolves. I don't think their relationship and importance to the Stark kids are conveyed sufficiently. We see a little of Nymeria and then she's chased away. We see a little of Lady and then she's gone. And there was definitely a lack of Ghost as Jon rode off to the Wall.Joffrey is rather odd-looking. Isn't he supposed to be handsome? But the actor is really good at making him a spoiled brat and a coward.Maise Williams will be excellent as Arya. Incredible performance.Sophie Turner as Sansa was also surprisingly good, especially her delayed reaction to the news that Lady was being put down.Liked what little there was of the Hound. Better make-up here too, and I can understand why they didn't make his disfigurement as severe as in the book."Get her a dog! She'll be happier for it." Heh, considering what's to come.The added scene with Jon and Jaime felt unnecessary. Why was it there other than show that Jaime is a smarmy prick?But I did like the added scene with Cersei and Catelyn in Bran's room. It gave some depth - and even sympathy - to Cersei's character. And the new info about her dead previously unmentioned first child gave newbies a hint about the parentage of the Royal children. But I'm sure such a black-haired child with Robert wasn't in the books.Peter Dinklage continues to rock as Tyrion. Very good scene at the Lannister breakfast and how he connected with Cersei's kids. Also good scene with Jon in the woods en route to the Wall. And how I laughed when he slapped Joffrey, thrice!The Wall. Awesome.Knowing what will happen, the Stark farewells felt very moving. They won't be together again.I'm on board with them not showing Bran's dream. That would probably have looked real hokey on screen, like some bad acid trip. Instead they did a nice kids/direwolves connection at the end when he awoke just as poor Lady was killed.Theon still hasn't been named, let alone ID-ed.While appealing to the eye, I'm not terribly excited by the Dany scenes, but then again I was never that in the books either. They felt too removed from the main Westerosi action.
99	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	Anyway, maybe haters are gonna hate, some drink the kool-aid too much, but really, who is having the better time of it?I agree with your entire post in general but when it comes to this part, I don't actually know if you can even drink the kool-aid too much. Getting a good cinematic experience is 50% the responsibility of the work itself (and those behind it) and 50% the responsibility of the viewer. If you aren't doing your best to be immersed in what you are watching, you aren't holding up your part.I had some small problems focusing when I watched the first episode the first time because I kept being distracted by knowing the book. My verdict was not that they did wrong to change things, it was that I was a terrible viewer that time. Fortunately I did not have any such trouble watching the second episode the first time.
100	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	Yes, because god forbid that people who love the book series are disappointed with things and wish things went differently. How dare they be dissatisfied. There must be something WRONG with them. Who cares if they completely fuck over a certain character or edit out lines that they loved? That disappointment should not matter to them. They should be grateful that they get anything and be thankful that it didn't get turned into XenaPorn on their local affiliate like Sword of Truth did.Seriously, smegma - what a fucking condescending, shitty post that completely nukes any reasonable conversation.Cmon, Kal...XenaPorn sounds kind of awesome, don't you think?
101	Kalbear	2011-04-25	I think I saw XenaPorn - it was Spartacus. Fortunately AGOT is not spartacus, though it's amusing to think of Tyrion walking around saying how the gods once again conspire to stick cock in arse or Cersei walking up to people and saying 'apologies' to start a sentence.
102	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	I think I saw XenaPorn - it was Spartacus. Fortunately AGOT is not spartacus, though it's amusing to think of Tyrion walking around saying how the gods once again conspire to stick cock in arse or Cersei walking up to people and saying 'apologies' to start a sentence.Ah, I didn't see Spartacus. I was more thinking about the potential awesomeness of Xena and that chick who followed her everywhere getting it on. Yeah, I can totally be shallow too. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
103	jaeherys	2011-04-25	It's been forever since I've read AGOT, but some of the dialogue in this episode re-enforced my feelings about R+L=J.
I wonder if Ned knew the next time he saw Jon that Robert probably wouldn't be around?  It'd make sense for Ned to not want Jon to know so long as Robert was alive...
I forgot about Ned not telling Robert what Wylla looked like.
104	smegma	2011-04-25	Yes, because god forbid that people who love the book series are disappointed with things and wish things went differently. How dare they be dissatisfied. There must be something WRONG with them. Who cares if they completely fuck over a certain character or edit out lines that they loved? That disappointment should not matter to them. They should be grateful that they get anything and be thankful that it didn't get turned into XenaPorn on their local affiliate like Sword of Truth did.Seriously, smegma - what a fucking condescending, shitty post that completely nukes any reasonable conversation.Sensitive, much? I'm not talking about the people that say "oh man, wish they had shown that", but if you read through the threads, there are enough viewers/readers that have said that the show ISN'T doing its job, ISN'T adhering to the books and is therefore WRONG WRONG WRONG. There's a difference between constructive criticism and fanboy griping. I'm sure you can tell what is what. Or maybe you can't.
105	Kalbear	2011-04-25	you'd very much like Spartacus then - since it basically has that going on. Especially the prequel series. If lesbianic sex with Lucy Lawless is what you want - there ya go.
106	smegma	2011-04-25	I agree with your entire post in general but when it comes to this part, I don't actually know if you can even drink the kool-aid too much. Getting a good cinematic experience is 50% the responsibility of the work itself (and those behind it) and 50% the responsibility of the viewer. If you aren't doing your best to be immersed in what you are watching, you aren't holding up your part.I had some small problems focusing when I watched the first episode the first time because I kept being distracted by knowing the book. My verdict was not that they did wrong to change things, it was that I was a terrible viewer that time. Fortunately I did not have any such trouble watching the second episode the first time.I completely agree, a lot can be said for what people's expectations are and how they translate into their level of enjoyment, as well as their general attitude about it. It's obvious that the show is NOT shitty, is NOT being mismanaged, and has been put together with more care than anyone could have imagined. I've *never* seen such attention paid to fans, and frankly I think the "haters" (god I kinda hate that word) would never be satisfied no matter if they found real dragon DNA to make the three come to life for real at the end of the series.
107	Kalbear	2011-04-25	I'm not talking about the people that say "oh man, wish they had shown that", but if you read through the threads, there are enough viewers/readers that have said that the show ISN'T doing its job, ISN'T adhering to the books and is therefore WRONG WRONG WRONG. There's a difference between constructive criticism and fanboy griping. I'm sure you can tell what is what. Or maybe you can't.And I'm saying that telling them that they're not welcome here and that they're wrong wrong wrong is bullshit, condescension and malarkey of the highest order.If there are enough readers/viewers that are saying that things aren't the way they wanted them to be and the show isn't doing its job, perhaps that's reasonable? Perhaps that's actually a fair criticism? And if it appeals to you - that's awesome, and shout it out from the rooftops - but it doesn't make their perceptions of it incorrect. Here's another thing, smegma - some people actively enjoy nitpicking and snark. Others do enjoy nothing but sunshine out the ass and rainbows and puppies, but others really do get a kick from mocking and pointing out the issues. Saying that they are wrong to even enjoy that is bullshit. I do think that it's hard to get a clear picture of what was and wasn't left in the show from the books with only seeing a few episodes, and I tend to be on board with most of the changes they've made (or at least understand why they made them), but telling others that they're wrong for the way they watch the show invites no criticism, conversation or even a sentence. Why bother coming to a board and telling people that? You can sit at home and not talk to people all you like.
108	smegma	2011-04-25	And I'm saying that telling them that they're not welcome here and that they're wrong wrong wrong is bullshit, condescension and malarkey of the highest order.If there are enough readers/viewers that are saying that things aren't the way they wanted them to be and the show isn't doing its job, perhaps that's reasonable? Perhaps that's actually a fair criticism? And if it appeals to you - that's awesome, and shout it out from the rooftops - but it doesn't make their perceptions of it incorrect. Here's another thing, smegma - some people actively enjoy nitpicking and snark. Others do enjoy nothing but sunshine out the ass and rainbows and puppies, but others really do get a kick from mocking and pointing out the issues. Saying that they are wrong to even enjoy that is bullshit. I do think that it's hard to get a clear picture of what was and wasn't left in the show from the books with only seeing a few episodes, and I tend to be on board with most of the changes they've made (or at least understand why they made them), but telling others that they're wrong for the way they watch the show invites no criticism, conversation or even a sentence. Why bother coming to a board and telling people that? You can sit at home and not talk to people all you like.Where did I say that people weren't welcome here? I merely offered an alternative way of viewing the show to those that are having panic attacks and hate-fests. Fuck if I care, REALLY, but I can offer my point of view just as much as anyone else can. And if you are so up in arms about my "attitude" just view it as my way of snarking.
109	Civfan	2011-04-25	Seriously, smegma - what a fucking condescending, shitty post that completely nukes any reasonable conversation.So... it was like just about every other post around here?  I started reading this forum a while ago and don't post much but wow, every thread is a shitstorm.  People rage at eachother for no reason on a regular basis.  It's worse than any other forum I've ever been to, so don't act so surprised.  Besides, you're being waaaay bitchier.People who are complaining about every little thing should make a nitpicky thread if they want.  It's fine to dislike something and state your opinion but call it what it is.  It pisses me off that Theon's hair is the wrong colour, but I'm aware that it's seriously not a big deal and I need to get over it.
110	Volderon	2011-04-25	Imagine if we used all this negative energy in this thread and channeled it positively...we could be on Mars right now.
111	Kat	2011-04-25	Sensitive, much? I'm not talking about the people that say "oh man, wish they had shown that", but if you read through the threads, there are enough viewers/readers that have said that the show ISN'T doing its job, ISN'T adhering to the books and is therefore WRONG WRONG WRONG. There's a difference between constructive criticism and fanboy griping. I'm sure you can tell what is what. Or maybe you can't.The complaints I find the most tedious are the ones where fans of the books have complained that someone's importance or some relationship hasn't been emphasized enough in the first two episodes. Cases in point:Because of leaving out "Don't tell Sansa", Arya and Sansa's relationship isn't set up well enoughBecause of leaving out "It should have been you," Catelyn and Jon's relationship isn't set up well enoughWe've only had a few lines from the Hound, and he becomes more important later, so where's the character introduction?Why haven't we heard Theon's name yet?It does occasionally feel like some people who had high expectations for HBO covering this because it can stay true to the subtleties of the books want an awful lot of exposition or foreshadowing This Character Will Be Very Important Later On treatments, which makes me wonder how heavy-handed fans want the TV show to be. I mean, other things on the show have had the aforementioned foreshadowing treatment, such as Dany's dragon eggs. Should everything feel like that? I'm kind of tempted to let it unfold at its own pace, and if some secondary character becomes important later on, so be it, because until he became a Secondary Character with Motives in the books, I never thought much about the Hound at all. He was just a guy doing bad stuff for the Lannisters. Same with Theon- he was just a background guy hanging around shooting arrows well and smirking, until he became important in the second book. You can only cram so much foreshadowing and/or exposition into the introductory episodes of a show, and when someone pops up as a surprisingly interesting or useful character, isn't part of the fun being surprised at how interesting or useful they are? Compare this to numerous network TV shows, especially crime shows where you can predict how useful someone is going to be to the plot if they have one unnecessary line early in the episode or are given a special guest star credit, and then you're totally unsurprised later on when that person is "unexpectedly" the killer. But, I guess as a fan of The Wire, I prefer being confused to having heavy-handed explanations laid out for me by the writers. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
112	Kalbear	2011-04-25	Where did I say that people weren't welcome here?If each change is going to bring out the hater in you, maybe it's not worth watching.I merely offered an alternative way of viewing the show to those that are having panic attacks and hate-fests.Yes, and that alternative was 'don't watch it'. Fuck if I care, REALLY, but I can offer my point of view just as much as anyone else can. And if you are so up in arms about my "attitude" just view it as my way of snarking. There's a difference between snarking about the show and snarking about people talking about the show. And as was painfully obvious, I did object to your means of snarking.
113	Kat	2011-04-25	<mod> 
And quit sniping at each other. You're making me regret agreeing to this gig.
And people who are surprised by the level of negativity in general, well......I'm not sure you're going to find any discussion site where there isn't a ton of nitpicking; there's a reason why Winter is Coming has "House Gatewatch" because every little thing becomes a big issue with fans. Snowgate, Chairgate....etc) Welcome to discussing stuff with geeks on the internet. Have a cup of tea and a spoonful of salt, and take a few grains of salt with every post you read here. I think people are, overall, happy with the show, but it's really hard to talk about how amazingly happy you are for post after post, and you know people want to get their post count up so they can have a cool-ass custom title eventually. That's what we do it, for, right? /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
</mod>
					
					
							Edited by Bean Bags, 25 April 2011 - 06:14 PM.
114	Aelinor Keath	2011-04-25	Another option would be that Ceresi was talking about a sickly incest baby that did die of a fever. She added the looked like Robert part in a hamfisted attempt at sympathy. It would explain the emotion she showed at the baby dying.
115	alguien	2011-04-25	OK...So. Anyway. A lot of the criticisms I've noticed tend to reflect people's wish lists. People who liked Catelyn's "It should have been you" or Jon and Arya's "Don't tell Sansa!" were naturally a bit disappointed not to see it. Pretty normal. I think the point is not to let that ruin the whole experience and also not to bring others down. I don't think anyone is saying you can't criticize the show.  Generally the stuff I've read on the boards (and elsewhere) has been remarkably positive, even with criticisms (some valid--some I think are nitpicky)Back to a specific moment, I honestly don't think it would have played well with for Catelyn to say, "Jon it should have been you" while Ned was right there.  We know that's one of the few things he'll get angry at her about.  What she said felt right given the circumstances. They could have had Ned not arrive until after Jon left, I guess.  But honestly, I think it was kind of a cool transition--so awkward--not only does Ned have to say goodbye, he has to do it right after his wife was talking to his bastard!--and lead to Catelyn's great "17 years ago" bit--which was a necessary bit of exposition as a well as a great dramatic moment.Adaptation is all about making choices and so far, from what I'm seeing, I'm really finding myself agree with most of D&D's choices here! /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 25 April 2011 - 06:24 PM.
116	Kat	2011-04-25	Another option would be that Ceresi was talking about a sickly incest baby that did die of a fever. She added the looked like Robert part in a hamfisted attempt at sympathy. It would explain the emotion she showed at the baby dying.I thought of this, but in retrospect, Cersei is kind of paranoid about being careful when she's talking to Jaime, and given how Robert and Ned are such good friends, making up things to tell your husband's best friend's wife seems awfully risky. Can you imagine?Ned: Hey Robert, Cersei was trying to comfort my wife and I heard you lost a little black-haired son. How sad!Robert: Well, I was hoping my firstborn would look more like me, but he was actually blonde.Ned: Oh.Robert: Oh.......huh.Ned: ....Robert: ....
117	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Imagine if we used all this negative energy in this thread and channeled it positively...we could be on Mars right now.Mars isn't red enough.The atmosphere is just too thin for my tastes.Plus the dust.  There is a ton of dust.]If you want to go to Mars, you are an idiot.How dare you complain about my whiny posts?
118	Kalbear	2011-04-25	They could have had Ned not arrive until after Jon left, I guess. But honestly, I think it was kind of a cool transition, and lead to Catelyn's great "17 years ago" bit--which was a necessary bit of exposition as a well as a great dramatic moment.It's also a different take on it; not only is she upset at Jon for representing Ned's dishonor, but she's really, truly, pissed off at Ned for agreeing to leave and possibly do it again. It reminded me a lot of the reaction after a spouse has been cheated on - for Cat, this is that thing that Ned does that will always be associated with cheating on her. She's worried about him, and worried about Bran, and knows it's dangerous - but she's also worried that he'll fuck around on her. Which is an interesting and very believable reaction from her. It also goes to the kind of Ned/Robert buddy movie vibe, where she not only thinks Robert and KL is dangerous, she actively thinks that Robert is on some level a bad influence on Ned. Given their conversations she seems pretty right of it.
119	Kat	2011-04-25	Mars isn't red enough.The atmosphere is just too thin for my tastes.Plus the dust.  There is a ton of dust.]If you want to go to Mars, you are an idiot.How dare you complain about my whiny posts?The ice caps look fake. /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
120	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-25	Come now Sword, just admit it, you hate all black people!ok ...  Well Played Sir.   /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
121	Volderon	2011-04-25	Mars isn't red enough.The atmosphere is just too thin for my tastes.Plus the dust.  There is a ton of dust.]If you want to go to Mars, you are an idiot.How dare you complain about my whiny posts?How about we exile you to Mars...you could be like Viserys. And you could be a King too. We could call you the Dust King.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
122	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	I thought of this, but in retrospect, Cersei is kind of paranoid about being careful when she's talking to Jaime, and given how Robert and Ned are such good friends, making up things to tell your husband's best friend's wife seems awfully risky. Can you imagine?Ned: Hey Robert, Cersei was trying to comfort my wife and I heard you lost a little black-haired son. How sad!Robert: Well, I was hoping my firstborn would look more like me, but he was actually blonde.Ned: Oh.Robert: Oh.......huh.Ned: ....Robert: ..../rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> Kat, that's like a hilarious Funny Or Die skit spoofing the show.
123	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	It's also a different take on it; not only is she upset at Jon for representing Ned's dishonor, but she's really, truly, pissed off at Ned for agreeing to leave and possibly do it again. It reminded me a lot of the reaction after a spouse has been cheated on - for Cat, this is that thing that Ned does that will always be associated with cheating on her. She's worried about him, and worried about Bran, and knows it's dangerous - but she's also worried that he'll fuck around on her. Which is an interesting and very believable reaction from her. It also goes to the kind of Ned/Robert buddy movie vibe, where she not only thinks Robert and KL is dangerous, she actively thinks that Robert is on some level a bad influence on Ned. Given their conversations she seems pretty right of it.Not to mention she watched him feel up and make out with a serving wench right in front of the queen, no less. Yeah, this side of Cat is a tad more believable to me. Family , Duty, Honor is great and all, but you need to be dutiful to honor your family, and having a bastard doesn't quite embody that.
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 25 April 2011 - 06:33 PM.
124	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	Not if the fever was the mother's (and the cover story).ETA: I'm sure we'll hear more about this story down the road.Jon Arryn also "died of a fever."  Seems fishy to me!
125	Alexia	2011-04-25	Just to chime in on the question of nitpicking/snark, while I haven't been particularly active in these threads, the simple fact is that I'm not going to be posting in here about the storylines of the series.  I spend a fairly substantial amount of time in the General forum and that's where I'll put in most of my substantive posts on Sansa and Catelyn catfights.  The occasional show-specific comment, like did Cersei kill her baby, but that's about it.  What I will be doing when I post here is mostly commenting on how the show lives up or down to my personal imagery and to the storylines in the books.  For example, the nitpick about the hair not looking right, or disliking the change (I really disliked it) where Cersei called Sansa to the court instead of Ned and the Lannisters found Arya and let her keep her hand, et al.  So nitpicking and perhaps the occasional snark, but that really doesn't mean I dislike the show.  And I think most of the people who are nitpicking don't dislike the show - they simply had a different visual of what it would be like whereas we are getting D&D's visual instead.  And nitpicking can be fun sometimes too!  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />[*]Why haven't we heard Theon's name yet?[/list]I actually think this is a fair criticism - right now he's the NAMELESS ONE who hangs out with Starks and likes to kill puppies.  They could have had Ned say something like, "Robert, you remember my ward Theon?" and it would have been done with.Although, since I'm extolling the virtues of nitpicking now, here's a Theon-related one for you.  I wanted to see Theon kick the head!  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
126	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	Sensitive, much? I'm not talking about the people that say "oh man, wish they had shown that", but if you read through the threads, there are enough viewers/readers that have said that the show ISN'T doing its job, ISN'T adhering to the books and is therefore WRONG WRONG WRONG. There's a difference between constructive criticism and fanboy griping. I'm sure you can tell what is what. Or maybe you can't.There is a big difference.  I honestly just skip the BS.  You can usually tell that someone has a bug up their bum.  Not only are they going to gripe loudly (and often) about it, but they will do absolutely nothing to get said bug out.  One can only conclude that they enjoy it up there.  And that's honestly the kind of sheer assery that I refuse to indulge.But, I also think those types are in the minority.  Most people make some thoughtful comments (minus the X is ugly, old and fat type pre-teen stuff).  I mean, you have to account for the folks who still think that Brad Pitt should have been cast as the Kingslayer and that Angelina Jolie should have been Cersei (seriously thinking that this was, in fact, a clear possibility).  It shows a lack of knowledge about the film/television industry and a serious lack of marbles.I do think you can spot the griefers and I'm happily skipping past those posts.  Why bother when (as you said in a further post) they will never, EVER be satisfied.  Let's just hope they never procreate as I can see these people as parents having strokes and heart attacks on the sidelines because their 4-year old isn't a perfect clone of David Beckham.  What can you do about people like that?  Nothing, except ignore them.
127	silkymoonshine	2011-04-25	I loved it. I liked it better than the first, it seemed as if it had less going on and the pacing was much better.
I sobbed so much during the goodbyes, I did too when I re-read it last week. It saddens me that the family will never be reunited. I really lost it when Jon was saying goodbye to Bran.
More than "It should have been you" (which I agree, was over the top in the book), I missed Cat's speech about how she prayed and prayed that Bran would stay with her and was now feeling *really* guilty. It would have been a nice moment for Cat and made her seem less bitchy (specially without the "it should have been you" line). Not that I think she is bitchy, but I've read that in more than one place.
I really don't think Cersei would have murdered her own child. They seem to be making Cersei less crazy and more sympathetic, so I really don't think show!Cersei would have done it. Maybe it was a premie and that's why Cat didn't know, when the baby was born, they knew he wouldn't make it, so it was never announced throughout the kingdom. The fact that Robert held Cersei down while they took the baby's body away might be yet another reason why she hates him. That's when I was sold that she actually cared for the baby.
128	Norvard	2011-04-25	How are they going to deal with some of the younger actors aging (Arya, Joffrey, Bran etc.)? Assuming the show goes on, 7 seasons, 7 years. At the end the girl who plays Arya would be quite different but time hasnt gone by that fast in the books, unless time takes off in the last 3 books we havent read yet....
129	Alexia	2011-04-25	More than "It should have been you" (which I agree, was over the top in the book), I missed Cat's speech about how she prayed and prayed that Bran would stay with her and was now feeling *really* guilty. It would have been a nice moment for Cat and made her seem less bitchy (specially without the "it should have been you" line). Not that I think she is bitchy, but I've read that in more than one place.And since I have decided to nitpick just to spite the anti-nitpickers (so there! /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)...Granted its only been two episodes, but I am really disappointed in Catelyn's portrayal.  I believe that she came across as far more interesting in the books.  She grasped the significance of Robert's offer to Ned, she wanted her daughter to be Queen, she was the political savvy (and unlucky) one in the family.  I would have loved to get that speech about Bran.  I would have liked to see her show some excitement over the Joffrey/Sansa betrothal.  All the things that made her a wonderful character IMO are gone - and it is much more the script and the direction thus far than it is the actress.  I really do hope that changes over the course of the season...Hell, I spent so much time pointing out that Maester Luwin advocated for Ned to go South too and now I'm disappointed that the line was taken away from Catelyn!
130	Kalbear	2011-04-25	Each book goes by in about a year. If they keep the schedule they want - which is to have us seeing ACOK about this time next year - then this'll be fine and correct. If they have ot have a hiatus or something it'll probably be a bit weird. Especially with something like Bran riding Hodor or Sansa being some gigantic basketball player.
131	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-25	To me it seems like Cersei's description about the dead baby is her fantasy about what would have happened if Robert didn't reject her from the get-go., If, in real life, Robert actually cared about her, and if they'd lost their baby, he'd beat his hands against the wall, and he would put his arms around her, and he would hold her as she reaches out for the baby as they take it away. It's a very romanticized 'what if' scenario. So even if there was a dead baby, I almost think Cersei was inventing most of the story because she felt sorry for herself, or because she knows that that's how it would have been for Ned and Catelyn, who actually do love each other.Anyways, I finally read James Hibbard's recap of the episode. It was fucking hilarious. You should check it out.
132	CryFenril	2011-04-25	Oh, and speaking from the female side of things, I just wanted to add.(NSFW LINK below)let's get to the bottom of thisIt was a beautiful thing to behold.  Forgive my posting of a naked butt, but who are we kidding?  This is pure awesomeness. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
133	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	To me it seems like Cersei's description about the dead baby is her fantasy about what would have happened if Robert didn't reject her from the get-go., If, in real life, Robert actually cared about her, and if they'd lost their baby, he'd beat his hands against the wall, and he would put his arms around her, and he would hold her as she reaches out for the baby as they take it away. It's a very romanticized 'what if' scenario. So even if there was a dead baby, I almost think Cersei was inventing most of the story because she felt sorry for herself, or because she knows that that's how it would have been for Ned and Catelyn, who actually do love each other.Anyways, I finally read James Hibbard's recap of the episode. It was fucking hilarious. You should check it out.He is by far my favorite recapper, Katie. I can not stop laughing when I read his take on things. This especially made me laugh: Over in Bran's room, Catelyn sits beside her comatose son, furiously making him Blair Witch Project dolls to totally freak him out if he wakes up.
134	Kat	2011-04-25	Don't think the anti-anti-nitpickers won't be first against the Wall when winter comes, the snows fall 100 feet deep, and there's the long night when the White Walkers move through the woods....and I think I'm losing my train of thought. When you play the Game of Nitpicking, you whine or you die. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
					
					
							Edited by Bean Bags, 25 April 2011 - 07:15 PM.
135	CryFenril	2011-04-25	The more I read about it, the more I am thinking that having Cersei talk about a nonexistent black-haired son was a baaaaaad idea.
136	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	How are they going to deal with some of the younger actors aging (Arya, Joffrey, Bran etc.)? Assuming the show goes on, 7 seasons, 7 years. At the end the girl who plays Arya would be quite different but time hasnt gone by that fast in the books, unless time takes off in the last 3 books we havent read yet....Heyas Norvard.  You know, HBO takes a bit to shoot their shows, and, a year will have passed.Besides, I think the actors chosen have a timeless quality about them.  Maisie, for example, could be a girl of 9, 10, 11, 12 in my eyes, same with Bran.
137	CryFenril	2011-04-25	From the police report: "Both subjects are cousins to each other..."Really? I'd expected Mr. Ross to be Mr. Podniestrzanski's cousin, but what are the odds that Mr. Podniestrzanski is Mr. Ross' cousin as well?More importantly, which board members are they, lol???
138	howland_reed	2011-04-25	He is by far my favorite recapper, Katie. I can not stop laughing when I read his take on things. This especially made me laugh:Another few good gems of his:We're also reminded that joining the Nights Watch means Jon Snow will have to take a vow of celibacy -- which means no sex with his sisters, ever!Then the direwolf curls up next to Bran on his bed, laying on top of a massive heap of pelts that perfectly matches his own fur coat -- Summer, it's a trap!Ohhh, so Doreah was only taught how to sexually pleasure men from age 9 to 12, and then was forced into prostitution. And that makes it better?Drogo looks confused as Dany maneuvers him into this freakish supine position. It appears that men in Westeros are told no more about sex than Arya was told about swordfighting: "Stick them with the pointy end."We also learn that the butcher's boy was killed too after Joffrey's bodyguard The Hound ran him down. "He ran," says The Hound. "Not very fast." Hahaha, murder humor.
139	CryFenril	2011-04-25	Oh, and if Jaime keeps wearing that leather pseudo-duster with that haircut, he's going to wind up in Firefly. ... wait, whattaya mean, canceled? *grumble grumble grumble*
140	Alexia	2011-04-25	Don't think the anti-anti-nitpickers won't be first against the Wall when winter comes, the snows fall 100 feet deep, and there's the long night when the White Walkers move through the woods....and I think I'm losing my train of thought. When you play the Game of Nitpicking, you whine or you die. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />Nah.  We ARE the PREDATORS *ahem* the white walkers.  Y'all don't stand a chance against the invading floobpacalypse horde from the lands of always winter!
					
					
							Edited by Alexia, 25 April 2011 - 07:51 PM.
141	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	Well, we all have our thresholds on what constitutes unreasonable fanwank and what constitutes legitimate complaint when it comes to alterations from the book. I am okay with the Theon part, for instance, but I was very disappointed that they cut Tyrion's one line of "but not all bastards need to be dwarves." Some of the changes, I understand and even if I don't like it, I can see the reason. Some other changes, not so much. Some of the changes I don't think alter the flavor and plot of the books drastically, and others more so. We'll each have our own compass on that. 
I do think, however, that it's probably best to try to take the TV series on its own terms and keep in mind the limitation of the TV medium. We don't get internal monologues and we don't get a lot of expositions. Things will appear rushed, clipped, and condensed. The issue is whether we've lost the flavor of the series, and I'd say that so far, no we haven't. The biggest change are actually the least complained about, imo - Cercei and Jaime. The TV versions are time-forwarded compared to the book versions, and they're more complex already than they are in the books. 
As far as Dinklage's diction and line delivery, I am not too put-off by it. I think it's okay to have him speak slightly differently, because he reads a lot more than most other characters safe except maybe the Maesters. So to have a slightly different diction and cadence is not entirely unconvincing. I mean, look at our own solo /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />   . I just hope that Dinklage keeps it up throughout the series, because it would indeed be odd if it switches in the middle.
142	Mya Stone	2011-04-25	As far as Dinklage's diction and line delivery, I am not too put-off by it. I think it's okay to have him speak slightly differently, because he reads a lot more than most other characters safe except maybe the Maesters. So to have a slightly different diction and cadence is not entirely unconvincing. I mean, look at our own solo /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Seriously...I feel like a kid getting schooled whenever he posts. I understand every 4th word...and mainly only because those are prepositions.
143	DragonAge93	2011-04-25	Is it Sunday yet? Anyway, I'll most likely watch the episode about 10 more times before Sunday comes around. Man, I still have goosebumps when I think of the final parting words between Eddard and Jon....
144	Balefont	2011-04-25	Don't think the anti-anti-nitpickers won't be first against the Wall when winter comes, the snows fall 100 feet deep, and there's the long night when the White Walkers move through the woods....and I think I'm losing my train of thought. When you play the Game of Nitpicking, you whine or you die. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />Hmm, and I thought it was "You whine and you dine."<crickets>
145	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	Hmm, and I thought it was "You whine and you dine."<crickets><initiates sympathy clap brought about by the obligation of friendship>
146	Balefont	2011-04-25	<initiates sympathy clap brought about by the obligation of friendship>/blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />/love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
147	unJon	2011-04-25	<mod> And quit sniping at each other. You're making me regret agreeing to this gig.And people who are surprised by the level of negativity in general, well......I'm not sure you're going to find any discussion site where there isn't a ton of nitpicking; there's a reason why Winter is Coming has "House Gatewatch" because every little thing becomes a big issue with fans. Snowgate, Chairgate....etc) Welcome to discussing stuff with geeks on the internet. Have a cup of tea and a spoonful of salt, and take a few grains of salt with every post you read here. I think people are, overall, happy with the show, but it's really hard to talk about how amazingly happy you are for post after post, and you know people want to get their post count up so they can have a cool-ass custom title eventually. That's what we do it, for, right? /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' /></mod>Kat, they made you a mod?  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />   /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
					
					
							Edited by unJon, 25 April 2011 - 08:47 PM.
148	Kat	2011-04-25	Kat, they made you a mod?  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />   /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />You wake up the following day. Breakfast is on the table. Yay, sausages! But where's unJon? And hey, why are the prison guards being so generous with the meat after week upon week of thin oat gruel? Something in here stinks....
149	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	As far as Dinklage's diction and line delivery, I am not too put-off by it. I think it's okay to have him speak slightly differently, because he reads a lot more than most other characters safe except maybe the Maesters. So to have a slightly different diction and cadence is not entirely unconvincing. I mean, look at our own solo /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />   . I just hope that Dinklage keeps it up throughout the series, because it would indeed be odd if it switches in the middle.I agree.  I love the diction.  Cersei and Jaime are more subdued in a sense (as characters--at least in terms of appearances).  Tyrion's diction just comes across as a bit sarcastic and mocking at times.  Love it.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
150	DemiNymph	2011-04-25	This episode is better than EP1. I am so pleasantly surprised so much of the dialogue was taken from the book. All the armor and banners are just splendid. 
After just watching 2 episodes of AGOT, I can't help thinking that HBO should have made LOTR. Or, just make it again.  
About Cat, my non-reader husband picked up that she disliked Jon from the first episode at the archery scene. He was just confused why she disliked her kid until I explained Jon was a bastard.
151	lokisnow	2011-04-25	finished the locked thread, will catch up on this later.I wanted to note I really loved that Catelyn had her council in front of the heart tree. I think the things said in front of the heart trees will be incredibly important later on.Speaking of important, someone said: In interviews GRRM has explicitly told D&D how the series will turn out (in very broad strokes). Partly this is in case something ever happens to GRRM, but mostly it's because there are things that have to be shown on screen (the scenes are you mention above are excellent examples) that require the producers to know where the series is heading.I think that in this context the hearttree stuff is significant, I also think that it's very significant that they retain Jorah's line about the Asshai Ghost Grass. I'm thinking that Dany will be circuiting the world and landing on the west coast of Westeros, not the east coast.  We're going to see Asshai later, and it will be very important.I was glad how they changed the "it should have been you"  scene, that line was always hamfisted, and they achieved the effect with acting rather than dialog.  Additionally losing the line makes sense in the context of Ned walking in to the room as well.Maisie Williams was completely amazing as Arya, everything on the Kingsroad was pretty much perfect. I loved the edit from Lady's death to Bran's awakening.  It should then segue perfectly into the opening of the third episode being Bran's 3EC dream (which ends with the same shot of his waking up). Dany is still excellent, I thought the transition to her knowing a phrase of dothraki was pretty abrupt, as was the very rapid way she got some bedroom copulation authority from the Khal.But what I loved was the way nudity was handled.  The first scene of the Khal riding her hard she is about as brutally exposed as a woman can be, unflattering breasts flapping forward, crying while she's roughly fucked, and completely and totally naked (the Khal, covered by her body, is not so exposed).  But when she is learning pleasure she is not so exposed, she's clothed and has more agency.  this carries over to the final scene with the Khal where she is covered and he is exposed so that she visually has agency and authority in this moment.  The visual/costume aspects of this development were very well done, I just wonder if it was done to fast.Overall I think this episode was much better than the first.  This had much better pacing, better dialogue and the characters seemed more on point.  Another interesting thing I noted was that Tyrion's accent doesn't so much wander as it has more affectation and 'high' qualities when he's trying to ensure he has some authority, with the Joffrey scene, the hound, and also with his brother and sister, but that this diminishes substantially in his scene with John Snow.  His Diction is still elevated, and his speech is full of clipped sounds, but there's less of the shakespearian aspects.  If this is a conscious choice, that he trys to compensate for his stature with his manner of speech then that is really fascinating, and it's not just the tremendous disappointment of an American actor doing yet another incredibly awful British ACCENT.  I'm hoping either Dinklage has gotten better with it, or it's a conscious decision to develop Tyrion.
152	True Blue Mug	2011-04-25	What a difference an episode makes! Loved it!
Baratheon brother rating: Robert!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
153	oneeye	2011-04-25	Arya, Tyrion, Ned, Jon are great so far.
Theon seems more wussy than desperate and dangerous.
Cersei and Jaime haven't convinced me yet.
Did Drogo ever speak in the book?
					
					
							Edited by oneeye, 25 April 2011 - 10:31 PM.
154	Gertrude	2011-04-25	You wake up the following day. Breakfast is on the table. Yay, sausages! But where's unJon? And hey, why are the prison guards being so generous with the meat after week upon week of thin oat gruel? Something in here stinks..../ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />I've saved some frog legs that Reed was passing out earlier. I'll just stick to that, thanks.
155	Commodore	2011-04-25	inappropriate reaction to the final scene
156	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	inappropriate reaction to the final sceneI don't get it.
157	NW Deserter	2011-04-25	I loved the edit from Lady's death to Bran's awakening. It should then segue perfectly into the opening of the third episode being Bran's 3EC dream (which ends with the same shot of his waking up). /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> Do you know something we don't?? Or is this just wishful thinking?
158	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	Did Drogo ever speak in the book?Yes. He has some lines, like when in Vae Dothras and then when Dany beseeched him in saving Mirri maz Duur, and then the subsequent story line with him wounded.
159	Mack Kilimaro	2011-04-25	Did Drogo ever speak in the book?There's also the part where the wine vendor tries to poison Dany, and then when Drogo hears about it he says that he is going to give to his son the chair his mother's father sat on. Or something like that. And he might have even done it, too.
160	lokisnow	2011-04-25	/stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> Do you know something we don't?? Or is this just wishful thinking?wishful thinking. I think the dream is fairly essential, but it would not have worked as the climax of an episode.  opening an episode makes much more sense, especially if the audience now knows that Bran wakes up. Remember in the book we know Bran will live/awaken the moment we turn the page and see "BRAN" at the top of the next page as a chapter header.  Bran opening his eyes at the end of the episode is like that.Also, I really like Sansa's "I don't remember!" bullshit excuse contrasted to Bran's upcoming very real "I don't remember" repression of the incestyness he witnessed, it's a little connection I never noticed before.
					
					
							Edited by lockesnow, 25 April 2011 - 11:34 PM.
161	Triskan	2011-04-25	Not totally caught up on the thread, but I just have to say (as I'm rewatching now):
When Summer (it is Summer right, and not one of the others?) rips that piece of shit's jugular out....I practically jump out of my seat in celebration, and I don't normally react to television in this way.  Fucking beautiful.   Nearly made me cry.
162	VikingLegion	2011-04-26	Anyway, maybe haters are gonna hate, some drink the kool-aid too much, but really, who is having the better time of it?Smegma, haven't you heard of the television trope "I'M A BIGGER FAN THAN YOU BECAUSE I HATED IT MORE!!"?Yeah there's a lot of nitpicking going on here, and an even bigger amount of hyperbole.  Every deviation from the books, no matter how small or (most likely) necessary due to time and/or budget constraints, is met with a Pronouncement Of Doom.For my part, I think the series is absolutely knocking it out of the park thus far.  I have very few complaints, and the ones I have are easily offset by the sheer awesomeness I am witnessing each Sunday night (and repeating several times throughout the week).I guess, since it's the cool thing to do, if I have to pick out something that really irks me, it is the casting of Ser Ilyn Payne.  Overall I think the casting has been ~95% effective (if not utterly brilliant), but they whiffed pretty badly on this one.  Apologies to the actor, but that guy was not looming or menacing at all.  All I could think of when seeing him was that nasty lecherous old english soldier that tries to rape William Wallace's bride in Braveheart.
163	Triskan	2011-04-26	For my part, I think the series is absolutely knocking it out of the park thus far.  I have very few complaints, and the ones I have are easily offset by the sheer awesomeness I am witnessing each Sunday night (and repeating several times throughout the week).Completely agree.  It's not that there are no criticisms.   It's that whatever they are, they pale in comparison to the awesomeness that is being achieved.   (total tangent, but this is how I feel about Scott Bakker's books.  I understand the critic's complaints, but the awesome is so awesome).   As I have shared before, I was never a typical fantasy fan.  I was never a "too cool for fantasy" guy, but I didn't read fantasy from 1993 to 2006 at all (other than one reread of LOTR before the movies came out).  And now I am such a fan of this story, and I cannot wait for Sunday every week.  Winter is coming, but Summer will rip your jugular out if you step out of line.
164	Smashing Young Man	2011-04-26	One thing I've wondered about is how they're going to handle Sansa's more sexually explicit scenes should the series make it to a third season. While she maintains her virginity, she get naked, groped, and abused a good deal. Will her actress be 18 years-old when it comes time to shoot these scenes? Even if she is, it will make for uncomfortable viewing should they decide to film the scenes true to the book and not gloss over them.
165	Jon of the Wall	2011-04-26	One thing I've wondered about is how they're going to handle Sansa's more sexually explicit scenes should the series make it to a third season. While she maintains her virginity, she get naked, groped, and abused a good deal. Will her actress be 18 years-old when it comes time to shoot these scenes? Even if she is, it will make for uncomfortable viewing should they decide to film the scenes true to the book and not gloss over them.I would think it could be done.  Shoot from the mid chest up for front shots and from the tramp-stamp area up for the back shots.  You would get the point across pretty well.  Maybe have a body double so you could go full back shot.  I don't see what the big deal about a bare butt is though.  I can see keeping the breasts and pubic area off camera but the butt should not be that big a deal.
					
					
							Edited by Jon of the Wall, 26 April 2011 - 01:32 AM.
166	Jon of the Wall	2011-04-26	Maisie Williams was completely amazing as Arya...OMG yes.  She has commanded every scene she has had.  I think Arya has a great role in this series, perhaps one of the greatest, but with GRRM you never know.I am glad to see that her character is as large on screen as it is on paper.One thing I am not so sure about is that she will be able to convincingly play a boy because she is so freakin' cute.  We shall see.
167	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-26	One of the few things I wasn't sure about from the first episode was the drastic change for Cat, with her urging Ned to stay in Winterfell, which we all know is quite different from her stance in the book.  With that bit from this episode where she remarked that the last time Ned left, he came back with some other woman's child, they completely sold me on this change in attitude.  It's a pretty big change to her character, but those few seconds of dialouge made it work as far as I was concerned.
168	smegma	2011-04-26	Instead of replying to all of the posts about nitpicking and its virtues or downfalls, I'll instead respect the mod request of not derailing the thread too much - but regardless of how one or two people may have construed my tone, the true sentiment that I feel (and maybe to some I didn't convey) is one of imploring those that have been less than happy with the adaptation to look at the positives, and go in with more appropriate expectations. The vast majority of people seem VERY pleased, so I'm glad that there's so many that can take this enjoyable experience of seeing your favorite novels adapted so well for the screen. I hope that those that aren't so thrilled can find either enjoyment in their adjusted expectations, or in the gripefest they can't wait to post about /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> (and I guess adjusting my OWN expectations for what people see and discuss is in order as well). I for one, love coming to these boards to partake in a communal celebration at how AWESOME things are - and to note the things I might have missed upon my viewing (many GRRM fans seem very keen). I guess if there does come a time when I'm less than pleased, I will make it known. I am just glad I haven't had really any opportunity to do so, and barring any ridiculous and unforeseen deviation from what we've seen thus far (like making Brienne a dude playing a girl, as some have suggested), I think the future bodes well for my fangirl cheering and kool-aid drinking! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />ANYWAYfinished the locked thread, will catch up on this later.I wanted to note I really loved that Catelyn had her council in front of the heart tree. I think the things said in front of the heart trees will be incredibly important later on.Speaking of important, someone said: I think that in this context the hearttree stuff is significant, I also think that it's very significant that they retain Jorah's line about the Asshai Ghost Grass. I'm thinking that Dany will be circuiting the world and landing on the west coast of Westeros, not the east coast.  We're going to see Asshai later, and it will be very important.Agree on all things - the line from Jorah seemed an interesting choice, as there are so many things to discuss about the lands and the Dothraki - and I can only think it foretells something significant in the future. I noted that right away, and it was one of the only things I had to tell my daughter about in more detail (otherwise she pretty much GETS everything). As far as the secret council in the godswood - very, very interesting. Same with the conversation between Jon and Jaime. All of these things may portend nothing - or they may be throwing us an early bone /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Last note - I totally have the opening scene music stuck in my head and I'm so in love with it! Stirring, really.
169	Rodgex	2011-04-26	One thing I didn't like that was left out was the naming of the direwolves, but I suppose with the limited time they couldn't spent the time explaining who Nymeria was, or explaining the names of the other direwolves. I think they really managed to get across the sense that Cat hates Jon, because in the first episode I felt it could have been done a lot better. Also, I really need to commend them for getting Joffrey so right, I've wanted to punch him in the face just about every time he's been on-screen... Also, I love Tyrion for bitch-slapping him...
170	lokisnow	2011-04-26	I think Cersei's confession to Cat has to be important, otherwise it makes no sense within the reality of the mileau.  In this society, few things would be more celebrated than the first pregnancy of the new king and queen.  As soon as he found out Cersei was pregnant, Robert would definitely throw himself a Tourney to celebrate his fucking virility.  Even a miscarriage would be noted, a stillbirth would be a bad omen (probably the worst possible outcome, politically) and the birth (Robert would announce a tourney within seconds of learning of his birth) and subsequent death (national mourning from Dorne to the Gift would be mandatory) would be impossibly big news.  the ravens would be thick in the sky carrying missives this way and that.  Additionally, rumor would rumble to life what it portended that the first child of the usurper died... are the usurpers rejected by the gods etc etc.  Jon Arryn, as Hand, would have probably personally written the letters to the other major houses to inform them of the lost heir.  Ned would have definitely known, presumably he would have told Cat.
It's the consideration of rumour, and the fear of commoners saying the Seven frowned upon the usurper, that offers the only plausible explanation I can think of might explain why the North had not heard of this baby Cersei mentions.  And as I said, once the pregnancy is announced, even a miscarriage is news that would travel. To have not heard of it at all is suggestive of either an early miscarriage (the broken bird thing may be literally the size of a small bird) or a complete lie on Cersei's part.
If it's a lie, it was a stupid lie, easy to expose.  I have a feeling that when Cat meets Ned in Littlefinger's presence, this confession of Cersei's will come up and it will give Littlefinger and incredibly power lever to maneuver the Starks with.  It will be child's play for him to use this scene to further bolster his argument that the Lannister's killed Arryn.
171	nymeriathedirewolf	2011-04-26	The episode was brilliant, no doubt, although Cersei's confession to Catelyn did confuse me somewhat. My only issue now is this: How do they plan on fitting the whole of book 1 into 10 episodes? I don't understand - we're still at the part where Bran wakes up, Lady dies, and Cat travels south...there's so much more yet to come! Is the 10 episode thing final or is it just a preliminary run until the producers decide the show is doing well enough to commission a complete season? They do that sometimes - commission 13 episodes or so for a new show until they think the show has picked up a large enough fan following and then commission the rest of the season.
172	adam snow	2011-04-26	I loved the adaptation. Perfect? No but I never expected perfection.
When Tyrion came to breakfast I was chanting to myself "burn the bacon, burn the bacon" and he said it!
At  the end when Lady dies and Bran opens his eyes, All I could think was "only death can pay for life." Of course Bran was not dead but in a coma. 
I look forward to seeing his 3 eyed crow dream in flashbacks (I hope)
173	Spionkop	2011-04-26	Bran waking up was a nod to his warging abilities I thought.
174	oneeye	2011-04-26	I still think Dany is a little too voloptuous, and that crazy wig is an eye sore. But her acting has been great.
When the two handmaidens were saying it is known, the second looked like she was going to start laughing any moment which irked.
175	VarysTheSpider	2011-04-26	The complaints I find the most tedious are the ones where fans of the books have complained that someone's importance or some relationship hasn't been emphasized enough in the first two episodes. Cases in point:Why haven't we heard Theon's name yet?I think this one is legitimate. Not because everything needs to be foreshadowed or set up as important this early on, but Theon's had a few lines now and it's very unclear who he is. My friend who watched it with me said during the Godswood scene, "who the fuck IS that guy? Another bastard?" Theon's position is quite a complex one relative to other characters, but considering his age and how he spends most of his time hanging around the Stark children, it should have been cleared up before now or it's just confusing. The ideal moment IMO would have been in the scene where they were getting washed/shaved before the feast, and do it through friendly banter between the guys.On top of this, I'm not sure Theon really looks the part and the treatment of his character so far is inconsistent. In the first episode he seems on less than good terms with Robb, and in the second he's pledging him his devoted service. But on the whole I thought episode 2 was excellent. Originally I was sceptical of Jaime and Jon's scene together as I thought it made Jaime look melancholy, but actually he seemed teasing and arrogant, and when he walked away I got a sense that this was a guy with real presence. Arya is fantastic, and so cute. Disappointed that "it should have been you" was cut but I knew the writers would try and make Cat a bit more likable for TV (not too hard considering she's so damned unlikable in the books).Bring on King's Landing and the Wall. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
176	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	[/list]I think this one is legitimate. Not because everything needs to be foreshadowed or set up as important this early on, but Theon's had a few lines now and it's very unclear who he is. My friend who watched it with me said during the Godswood scene, "who the fuck IS that guy? Another bastard?" Theon's position is quite a complex one relative to other characters, but considering his age and how he spends most of his time hanging around the Stark children, it should have been cleared up before now or it's just confusing. The ideal moment IMO would have been in the scene where they were getting washed/shaved before the feast, and do it through friendly banter between the guys.On top of this, I'm not sure Theon really looks the part and the treatment of his character so far is inconsistent. In the first episode he seems on less than good terms with Robb, and in the second he's pledging him his devoted service. But on the whole I thought episode 2 was excellent. Originally I was sceptical of Jaime and Jon's scene together as I thought it made Jaime look melancholy, but actually he seemed teasing and arrogant, and when he walked away I got a sense that this was a guy with real presence. Arya is fantastic, and so cute. Disappointed that "it should have been you" was cut but I knew the writers would try and make Cat a bit more likable for TV (not too hard considering she's so damned unlikable in the books).Bring on King's Landing and the Wall. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />They will introduce Theon in a future episode. I heard a review mention a scene where he tells the back story of his House so it sounds like the show will give a good grasp on it. He's not really relevant to anything at the moment so it's no big deal that new viewers haven't grasped who he is yet, seeing how the show is pressed for time. There are lots of other characters they need to know well by now.
177	Kaitscralt	2011-04-26	I think Theon looks and plays the part wonderfully. I do think they should say his name though.
178	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-26	On a rewatch I remembered a thought during the first viewing. The scene with King Bobby pissing against a tree reminded me of a scene from Rome when Mark Anthony, on his way to the city, stop by the road for a quick fuck. Somehow I could envision Robert doing the same.
179	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-26	I think Theon looks and plays the part wonderfully. I do think they should say his name though.I wish his hair would stay the same damn color.
180	amore	2011-04-26	Two episodes in and i'm loving it.  I'm not going to join the nitpick brigade, I think we all have to be realistic and accept that with AGoT being such a long book, with hundreds of excellent quotes and scenes, some of our own personal favourites are either going to be omitted or changed in some way.  It is the whole that we have to judge it by.  For me they have just about nailed it so far.  As for my little nitpicks they are trivial and I will keep them to myself for the moment.
My question though is this; Does anybody think that GRR will allow the popularity or otherwise of specific characters in the show to influence his future writing?, i.e. if it becomes apparent that Arya has become the most popular character with the fans of the show, will he build up her part in the final books of the series and increase her overall role in the grand scheme of things, or conversely would he reduce Jon Snow in the same fashion if he proved unpopular?
The use of Arya and Jon is purely random btw and used purely to make the point, i'm not suggesting anything or starting an Arya vs Jon debate.
181	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	Two episodes in and i'm loving it.  I'm not going to join the nitpick brigade, I think we all have to be realistic and accept that with AGoT being such a long book, with hundreds of excellent quotes and scenes, some of our own personal favourites are either going to be omitted or changed in some way.  It is the whole that we have to judge it by.  For me they have just about nailed it so far.  As for my little nitpicks they are trivial and I will keep them to myself for the moment.My question though is this; Does anybody think that GRR will allow the popularity or otherwise of specific characters in the show to influence his future writing?, i.e. if it becomes apparent that Arya has become the most popular character with the fans of the show, will he build up her part in the final books of the series and increase her overall role in the grand scheme of things, or conversely would he reduce Jon Snow in the same fashion if he proved unpopular?The use of Arya and Jon is purely random btw and used purely to make the point, i'm not suggesting anything or starting an Arya vs Jon debate.I don't think he'll change anything due to characters becoming popular. He has already a great grasp of which characters are liked by his readers and I don't think that is influencing him much either.He's been asked about it in interviews and the only think he's said about it is that he liked the actor that plays Osha so much (despite that she's a bit unlike the book character) that he got inspired to write something interesting for her so she had more interesting things to do on the show. I don't know how serious he was about actually doing that though as it could have just been a way to say that he liked what she did with the character.
182	aeoleron9	2011-04-26	On a rewatch I remembered a thought during the first viewing. The scene with King Bobby pissing against a tree reminded me of a scene from Rome when Mark Anthony, on his way to the city, stop by the road for a quick fuck. Somehow I could envision Robert doing the same.+1, instant dejavu /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> BTW I'm really digging the new take on the Dany/Khal relationship. Last week I was quite annoyed they'd turned it into some Orientalist rape, but this episode turned that all around. Nice writing as always HBO.
183	amore	2011-04-26	I don't think he'll change anything due to characters becoming popular. He has already a great grasp of which characters are liked by his readers and I don't think that is influencing him much either.He's been asked about it in interviews and the only think he's said about it is that he liked the actor that plays Osha so much (despite that she's a bit unlike the book character) that he got inspired to write something interesting for her so she had more interesting things to do on the show. I don't know how serious he was about actually doing that though as it could have just been a way to say that he liked what she did with the character.Thanks for your response!  I agree with you as it happens.  I am sure that he has invested so much time into working out the overall plot that he would not amend it for so fickle a reason but I was interested to know if other fans agreed.I also find the development of a scene for Osha interesting.  I've always thought that she had the potential to become a bigger player than she has been to date so would welcome that.
184	ser_nerdick	2011-04-26	It seems I'm in the minority here. I want to like it, I really do, but so far I find it mediocre. Maybe the problem is I love the books so much that my expectations were far too high. But even keeping that in mind...- the whole show has a very made-for-tv feel. If I had just seen the show randomly and had to guess the network, I would guess it's a made for tv series on TNT or sci-fi (or syfy or whatever they call it now); I wouldn't guess HBO. Maybe it's the lighting. Maybe it's the obvious camera angles they use to cover how few extras they have. Maybe it's Dany's wig.- Lena Headey as Cersei is just terrible. It's beyond annoying how she is covering up her pregnant stomach (and yet it is still incredibly obvious). Her acting is fine, if a bit too heavy on the scowling. But the sexy... the sexy is just not there. At all. And physical attractiveness and sexiness is something that Cersei uses to her advantage often. I know that's a subjective thing, but so far the character is exuding zero sex appeal.I do like Tyrion. The actor is doing a fine job playing him, and his scenes are wonderful. Arya is well cast as well.
185	NW Deserter	2011-04-26	It's beyond annoying how she is covering up her pregnant stomach (and yet it is still incredibly obvious).I have not noticed this even one time. I guess that about sums up how differently people are taking in the show.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
186	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-26	I have not noticed this even one time. I guess that about sums up how differently people are taking in the show.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />I haven't noticed either.  How much time was there between the pilot and the rest of the episodes being shot?  Maybe she had the baby during the break?She had her baby in April of 2010, meaning she was as much as 5 months pregnant when the filming ended in December, still not likely to be showing a whole lot, especially not in the dresses she wears.  It's truly a non-issue (other than the one nude sceene where they used a body double)
					
					
							Edited by Lany Cassandra, 26 April 2011 - 10:14 AM.
187	Cereal Forel	2011-04-26	I haven't noticed it either :shrug: They've spent the entire 2 episodes in the north, it's not like Cercei would be walking around in bikinis... people see what they want to see, if you're pre-dispositioned to dislike the show, you're going to dislike it.
Also the direwolves have been called by name. Arya calls Nymeria by her name multiple times, as does Sansa with Lady. Summer hasn't been given a name yet at this point and Ghost, Greywind and Shaggydog were nowhere to be found in the episode.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 26 April 2011 - 10:04 AM.
188	Kalbear	2011-04-26	It was asked to be dropped. Continuing talking about it is not conductive to dropping it. And discussing what a person says is not the same as a personal attack on the person who said it.
I never noticed Lena Headey covering up her stomach either. It never even crossed my mind. That being said, I can understand that this isn't the sexpot Cersei of the books. This isn't the Cersei that makes men across the realm dream of bedding her and people whisper about how amazingly beautiful she is. I do think she is beautiful, and I think she has charm - something Cersei barely had in the books. But she isn't that Cersei, and I can get that people would be disappointed. It does potentially change quite a bit; it doesn't make nearly as much sense that Lancel would go after her, for instance, or she could seduce the Kettleblacks so much. Instead they'll probably just have her convince them to help her. 
Which is really what the Cersei in the books should have been doing from the onset; she's the QUEEN. She has a ton of power. She always stoops to using her feminine wiles, but really she doesn't need to and it's clear she doesn't want to. In that way she's one of the most sexist people in Westeros; she's a very firm believer that all women are good for is what's between their legs, and that's all men want and all they'll appreciate you for. Now in the books that makes more sense from Cersei given how beautiful she is. It's likely that many folks wouldn't even listen to her or take her seriously given that beauty. Here though she gets a larger opportunity to use power that isn't her sex.
Which I kinda like.
189	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	I have not noticed this even one time. I guess that about sums up how differently people are taking in the show.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Given that Lena had the baby before GoT started filming the poster must be making things up, or posting in the wrong episode forum.
190	CryFenril	2011-04-26	I thought one of the reasons for the Jaime/Cersei doggy-style scene was because Lena was pregnant and they had to bring in a body double...?
191	Kalbear	2011-04-26	I thought one of the reasons for the Jaime/Cersei doggy-style scene was because Lena was pregnant and they had to bring in a body double...?Yes, that's true. But that wasn't last ep.
192	DemiNymph	2011-04-26	- Lena Headey as Cersei is just terrible. It's beyond annoying how she is covering up her pregnant stomach (and yet it is still incredibly obvious). Her acting is fine, if a bit too heavy on the scowling. But the sexy... the sexy is just not there. At all. And physical attractiveness and sexiness is something that Cersei uses to her advantage often. I know that's a subjective thing, but so far the character is exuding zero sex appeal.What?! She was preggers in the shot? I have absolutely no idea. Looks like they did a fine job of covering it up. I think Cersei was only supposed to look sexy when she wanted to seduce someone. As queen, she has to keep up appearances and look decent all the time. Also, it seems to me that sexiness was not the only reason why men would want to have sex with her. First she is a queen, there are advantages to being close to her. Second, there are people who would want to fuck a queen no matter how ugly they look. Thus, the book Cersei would not look sexy. Just beautiful. Which the TV Cersei is.
193	Ran	2011-04-26	Headey is not pregnant in any scene outside of episode 1 (and she wasn't pregnant in some of those, either -- only those scenes that survived from the pilot shoot; everything that was reshot was after she had delivered her child).ETA: To be clearer, Headey gave birth at the start of April, 2010, after the pilot shoot had wrapped but before the first season shooting began in ... whatever it was, June or July.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 26 April 2011 - 10:33 AM.
194	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-26	Hmmm...I admit that Headey looks somewhat different than I expected Cersei to look, which was a bit more Michelle Pfieffer circa Scarface with long curly hair, but I totally buy this version and I completely think the scenes with Lancel, etc. still make sense. I think that people would certainly still talk about how beautiful she is. But hey, I think Zoe is hotter than Kaylie, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />My husband and I were talking about this though - the differences in how the characters look. I actually expected Jon to have Robb's chiseled look, but with dark hair, and I expected Robb to have Jon's rounder, stockier look, but two episodes in and I'm sold on the idea that this is always what these two characters were supposed to look like. I feel the same about Cersei. It does bother me that Robert isn't taller, I guess, but screw it, Mark Addy is so good with the delivery. Lines of Tyrion's that I thought were lame in the book sound great delivered onscreen also, and it makes more sense for me for him to an attractive dwarf.
195	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	Joffrey is rather odd-looking. Isn't he supposed to be handsome? But the actor is really good at making him a spoiled brat and a coward.IIRC Joff's handsomeness was generally commented on through Sansa's POV, which was colored by her own personal romanticism regarding nobility, chivalry, gallantry etc.  She gave Joff the benefit of the doubt in all these areas (at least during the first 90% of AGOT) simply because of his social station.  Ergo, he was handsome to Sansa BECAUSE he was her prince.
196	Ser Latecomer	2011-04-26	Hi all, long-time lurker but first-time poster... I read the novels for the first time last summer, and immediately found this board afterwards.  Anyways, I finally decided to sign up and begin contributing!My only issue now is this: How do they plan on fitting the whole of book 1 into 10 episodes? I don't understand - we're still at the part where Bran wakes up, Lady dies, and Cat travels south...there's so much more yet to come! Is the 10 episode thing final or is it just a preliminary run until the producers decide the show is doing well enough to commission a complete season? They do that sometimes - commission 13 episodes or so for a new show until they think the show has picked up a large enough fan following and then commission the rest of the season.I am currently re-reading aGoT in preparation for the aDwD release, in addition to wanting to have the text fresh in my mind while I watched the show.  I am reading on my Kindle, which has a handy feature of telling you what percentage of the book you have read through... and I must admit surprise that the two episodes have so far ended on events almost exactly at the 10% and 20% points!  These episodes are so fast-paced, they are covering a huge amount of information.  I have no doubt that they will fit all of the major plot-points within a ten episode arc, but like some other commenters I can't help but think that the pacing would feel much better if they had 13-15 episodes to spread it out.  I hope they reconsider the ten episode format for future seasons.
197	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-26	Interesting - thanks for the info!
198	Greywolf2375	2011-04-26	IIRC Joff's handsomeness was generally commented on through Sansa's POV, which was colored by her own personal romanticism regarding nobility, chivalry, gallantry etc.  She gave Joff the benefit of the doubt in all these areas (at least during the first 90% of AGOT) simply because of his social station.  Ergo, he was handsome to Sansa BECAUSE he was her prince.True, but I believe the general assumption is that the product of two beautiful people will produce a beautiful child - 3 in this case.  I don't think it is just Sansa that believes he is handsome, though with her perspective at this point I'm sure his utter-dreaminess to her is heightened by the fairy tale.re: Cersei's sexiness.  I actually made the comment to my wife that at this point they are downplaying the descriptives of Cersei, whether due to pregnancy or just character change is yet to be known.  I think as they move back to KL and into the intrigue there we will more likely see aspects of the book come back into her character.  At this point she has no need to use it as a tool, once Robert is gone and she is playing more of the power game I would not be surprised to see it brought more to the fore.
199	Cereal Forel	2011-04-26	I just realized that with Sophie Turner being so tall it's going to make the cloaking at her and Tyrion's wedding even better.
200	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	IIRC Joff's handsomeness was generally commented on through Sansa's POV, which was colored by her own personal romanticism regarding nobility, chivalry, gallantry etc.  She gave Joff the benefit of the doubt in all these areas (at least during the first 90% of AGOT) simply because of his social station.  Ergo, he was handsome to Sansa BECAUSE he was her prince.And Sansa thinks he's ugly after she's finally seen him for what he is.Still I do think Joffrey was fairly handsome in general. I'm not a good person to value that but I don't see the actor making it weird that anyone thinks he's handsome though.
201	kungtotte	2011-04-26	Not totally caught up on the thread, but I just have to say (as I'm rewatching now):When Summer (it is Summer right, and not one of the others?) rips that piece of shit's jugular out....I practically jump out of my seat in celebration, and I don't normally react to television in this way.  Fucking beautiful.   Nearly made me cry.I was being completely retarded during this scene. I was on the edge of my seat, worrying about the outcome. I've read the books three times over, I know what's going to happen!
202	Ser Greguh	2011-04-26	I was being completely retarded during this scene. I was on the edge of my seat, worrying about the outcome. I've read the books three times over, I know what's going to happen!What did it for me was the speed with which Summer went to Bran's side to make sure he was okay, right after ripping the guy's throat out.
203	Nichole	2011-04-26	The pacing seemed off to me in this episode. Not so off that I wanted to stomp out of the room and stop watching, but I didn't like it as much as the first episode. But, they also had to fit a lot into this episode and I maybe would have liked them focusing on some scenes more, but that's it. 
I really liked they way Bran woke up as Lady was dying. I felt they did a good job of handling that. I liked his dream sequence in the book, but it could have been awkward in the show. 
Joffery is perfectly cast! What a little shit, I'm sure he will become a character everybody loves to hate.
My husband has not read the books and really hates fantasy. He has been watching off and on, I think the nudity hooks him. But, he is still pretty disgusted by the brother/sister relations. I'm hoping that the story will continue to draw him in, though he will be the last to admit it if it does.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
204	Aganerral	2011-04-26	Theon seems more wussy than desperate and dangerous.Just wanted to say that in the books, Theon always struck me as more wussy than desperate and dangerous.  Well maybe a little desperate.  But he always struck me as someone who talked a big game, but had never actually done anything, and probably isn't nearly as badass as he thinks he is.
205	Triskan	2011-04-26	Joffery is perfectly cast! What a little shit, I'm sure he will become a character everybody loves to hate.Yep.  Tyrion slapping him is, as I said, quite satisfying.  The best part is how he does it repeatedly.  Joff is such a sneering little shit, and Tyrion knows it as well as anyone.  Good times.
206	ExLibris	2011-04-26	An excellent episode, I'm glad to see things start to pick up.
As a lover of animals (particularly dogs) and a future veterinarian, having to watch Ned kill Lady was heart wrenching...I never realized how I would just gloss over that passage in the book to avoid having to read it too in-depth. My girlfriend actually started crying as she came to the realization that Lady would be killed just as Sansa did, and she ended up getting up and leaving until it was over. Joffery being slapped around by Tyrion and later maimed and disarmed by Arya/Nymeria was heart warming...until of course Nymeria took a rock to the face. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
Though Theon hasn't been fully introduced yet, I'm really disappointed in the actor they chose. As far as I can tell from the books, Theon is supposed to be handsome and that's about it...he's always bragging about what wenches he's bedded while not doing anything else particularly useful (though he did come *this close* to crossing blades with the Kingslayer! LOL /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />). His actor on the other hand reminds me of the Hunchback. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
207	Bronn Stone	2011-04-26	Say what you will about Theon, but he's quite the hunter.  At least when the quarry is the slutty wife of a miller.
208	ser_nerdick	2011-04-26	Headey is not pregnant in any scene outside of episode 1 (and she wasn't pregnant in some of those, either -- only those scenes that survived from the pilot shoot; everything that was reshot was after she had delivered her child).ETA: To be clearer, Headey gave birth at the start of April, 2010, after the pilot shoot had wrapped but before the first season shooting began in ... whatever it was, June or July.Interesting! I was positive that the reason that she was wrapped in what appeared to be a full comforter set was because she was preggers. I guess she was just cold.
209	VarysTheSpider	2011-04-26	Just wanted to say that in the books, Theon always struck me as more wussy than desperate and dangerous.  Well maybe a little desperate.  But he always struck me as someone who talked a big game, but had never actually done anything, and probably isn't nearly as badass as he thinks he is.I don't know about that. He lived through his father's rebellion, though too young to fight in it he was there in Pyke when it was invaded, so he knew what war looked like. By all accounts he fought bravely with Robb in the early stages of the war, was prepared to take a leadership role in Robb's plans to assault Lannisport and Casterly Rock. And then he plans his own thing and goes ahead and does it. I can't call him a wuss. Over-confident and short-sighted though, sure, like many of the young men fighting.
					
					
							Edited by VarysTheSpider, 26 April 2011 - 11:58 AM.
210	ZombieWife	2011-04-26	Two episodes in and i'm loving it.  I'm not going to join the nitpick brigade, I think we all have to be realistic and accept that with AGoT being such a long book, with hundreds of excellent quotes and scenes, some of our own personal favourites are either going to be omitted or changed in some way.  It is the whole that we have to judge it by.  I agree.  I think people are being highly unrealistic if they are expecting to have every single one of their favorite lines in the show or have the characters fleshed out exactly as they want.  I don't understand that thinking.  I have to assume that this is a person that has no clear sense of what occurs in an adaptation?
211	ZombieWife	2011-04-26	Not sure how anyone can not think Lena Headey is anything less than hot.  This is Queen Gorgo for the love of Pete!
212	CryFenril	2011-04-26	Headey is no stranger to playing strong sexy women who have to deal with being in a man's game. She may not look like a typical sex-kitten, but she gives off a strong presence and has that weird inner quality that tells you she'd probably blow your socks off in bed. Her Cersei is no blonde bimbo - she is a dangerous, dynamic woman who uses her brain as much as her body, and if she doesn't make the men drool with her looks alone, she'll certainly get their attention somehow. She has no doubts about her ability to compete with anyone around her, and if this detracts from her "drool factor" in stillshots, so be it. I like her better this way, to be honest.
213	DuckEverlasting	2011-04-26	Well, count me in the group that is too thrilled with everything this show is doing right to to get bogged down by the (relatively small) discrepancies.  Hell, I'm so psyched that ASoIAF found it's way to television, I actually registered on a forum to comment on it, which is something I never do!I come with a gift for you all, in honor of Joffrey getting his ass handed to him:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=rxLOXUGmRKIWhat can I say?  This episode inspired me  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
214	Muttley	2011-04-26	Hi All,
Newbie here.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Just wanted to say hello and also that as a fan of the books of many years I am so pleased with how the series has started, especially episode 2.  Episode 1 I found a little stilted, but this was purely down the amount of information and character introductions that had to fit in to such a short time (a 2 hour special would have been better I think).
I'm pretty happy with all the major character portrayals so far, especially Peter Dinklage's Tyrion (my favourite character by far).  He just nails it, big time.
Can't wait for the next episode.
215	Easy	2011-04-26	I've become used to the "Are-ya" pronunciation now and I think I prefer it.
I was wondering though, and correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't her boy nickname Arry in the books? I don't think it connects with the TV pronunciation as well as it does with the original...unless they go with "Are-yee"  /huh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />
216	ExLibris	2011-04-26	Well, count me in the group that is too thrilled with everything this show is doing right to to get bogged down by the (relatively small) discrepancies.  Hell, I'm so psyched that ASoIAF found it's way to television, I actually registered on a forum to comment on it, which is something I never do!I come with a gift for you all, in honor of Joffrey getting his ass handed to him:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=rxLOXUGmRKIWhat can I say?  This episode inspired me  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Totally just pissed my pants! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
217	Xenophon	2011-04-26	What with the inlaws in town over the weekend, I didn't get to see it till now.  So here's a running commentary while I'm watching:
The opening shot of the Dothraki riding in a long line did a great job of conveying that is was an immense horde without requiring too many actors.  That did a lot to erase my memory of the wedding scene where there just weren't enough people.  Also they did a good job of framing the other outside shots, so a few tents and men actually suggest more.
I'm loving the reinterpretation of Cersei (and to a lesser extent Tyrion).  I don't remember either that well from the books, but from what I've read here, Cersei is much less sympathetic, and Tyrion isn't as avuncular, whipping Joffrey into line and joking with Cersei's other kids at breakfast.  Also, I don't know if it's like this in the books, but I thought it was really clever to have Tyrion disbelieve in the white walkers right after they established him as clever/well-read; it wasn't totally clear how much of a fairy tale they were.
I'm still not wild about Kit Harrington, but they're doing a really good job of showing how he has been a festering wound in the Stark family for 17 years and how that has affected all of them.  Robb hasn't been developed much, but just by sandwiching his friendly goodbye to Jon between the scenes with Catelyn and Ned they tell us a lot about his character.
Ok, I get it, Dany likes the eggs--they really didn't want us to miss that point, it seems.
Why does Catelyn need to go to warn Ned?  Why not send that fat guy who's with them in the Godswood?  Is it because she realizes she's just wallowing in despair at Bran's bedside, and she'd be better off out of the castle?
Finally a man takes his pants off!  And the women is clothed!!!  The world of Westeros has been turned upside-down!  Also the lesbianish scene wasn't really pornographic at all.  Good work, HBO.  Jason Momoa's really earning his pay, trying to flesh Drogo out with 0 lines.  
Joffrey is a massive douche, but am I the only one who thinks Arya pretty much couldn't have made the situation worse if she tried?  I mean, 1) if she either hit the butcher's boy back or just said that of course she didn't want to practice with a real knight, cuz she's a girl, then Joffrey won't feel like he has to go all alpha-male on him, 2) I know you want to hit Joffrey (who doesn't) and he is hurting your friend, but you can't take a swing at him without getting your friend in even worse trouble, and 3) grabbing his sword pointing it at him and throwing it away was just designed to offend the little creep.  
Wow, Robert, could you have come up with a worse way to deal with the situation?  Your son just got punked by tiny girl and a peasant, let's discuss this in front of the men who are later supposed to obey him.   
Overall:  Wow!  As a fairly casual fan of the books (I liked them but didn't read them as closely as many of you), I hadn't known what to expect, since some critics had said this was the weakest and most expository episode.  But despite doing a lot of plot/character development, this episode actually reeled me in more than the first.  The only thing missing was a proper ending--the ending to the last episode really felt like a conclusion, this time it just seemed like a stopping place, IMO.
218	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	Not sure how anyone can not think Lena Headey is anything less than hot.  This is Queen Gorgo for the love of Pete!For real.  She may not be everyone's vision of Cersei but damn, she's still hot!!
219	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-04-26	She's worried about him, and worried about Bran, and knows it's dangerous - but she's also worried that he'll fuck around on her. Which is an interesting and very believable reaction from her. It also goes to the kind of Ned/Robert buddy movie vibe, where she not only thinks Robert and KL is dangerous, she actively thinks that Robert is on some level a bad influence on Ned. Given their conversations she seems pretty right of it.I've always thought that the "wild times" were really just Robert's drunken recollections/projections onto Ned of what Robert actually did himself.  Robert starts telling Ned about Ned's woman with the huge tits, and it turns out to be Robert's.  I'm thinking that's the way it generally happened.  If it's a buddy movie, Ned's the straight guy.  Robert gets drunk and whores, Ned probably has some beer and talks to someone, and Robert remembers it as the both of them drinking and whoring their way across Westeros.  Then Ned's pulling Robert out of a bunch of gutters.That also would be consistent with other people thinking of Jon as being the one stain on Ned's otherwise unblemished "honor".
220	smegma	2011-04-26	But hey, I think Zoe is hotter than Kaylie, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Having just watched the series very recently, I can only say that I'm so glad that I know what you mean, and omg yes I totally agree by a country mile.Anyway - I think this Cersei is GORGEOUS. I think in a television medium that isn't cheesy, the whole talk of "unrivaled beauty to make men across the kingdoms vie for her" type thing isn't really viable. Frankly there's never going to be an actress that would fulfill that because the visual is so subjective, instead of GRRM's words. The same kind of trap befalls any woman who plays Helen of Troy - some will agree that she's gorgeous, others will find her meh. But in the books it is easy to visualize whomever YOU think would be the right fit. For me, Headey was my first choice to play Cersei and I'm thrilled with how she looks. I think we will see a more seductive character - when it suits her. But she's not a sexpot, and I'm glad for that. As far as the complaints about the Dothraki look go - I guess I never really had a solid image for them, so I don't really care about how the Dothraki look or are handled. I think I've seen more complaints about them than anything in reviews and fan critiques. I think there's only so much you can do with the visual, and I'm fine with it. Their life looks very distinctive from Westeros and those that live in Pentos, etc, and I think that's what matters most. Dany is totally out of her element, which is what we're supposed to see. Because so much of the khalasar will be gone eventually anyway, I don't mind how it's handled thus far as it never really seemed important to me.
221	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-26	Yeah, I don't know where this "Cersei isn't hot" contingent is coming from.  She looks damn hot to me.
222	DuckEverlasting	2011-04-26	If it's a buddy movie, Ned's the straight guy.  Robert gets drunk and whores, Ned probably has some beer and talks to someone, and Robert remembers it as the both of them drinking and whoring their way across Westeros.  Then Ned's pulling Robert out of a bunch of gutters.I would watch that movie.As to Cersei, she looks, quite literally, exactly as I imagined her.  Of course, I also never understood why all her relatives were falling over themselves to have sex with her.  I figured it was a Lannister thing.
					
					
							Edited by DuckEverlasting, 26 April 2011 - 01:23 PM.
223	JJtheCrow	2011-04-26	I really dug this episode, i think even more than the first.  I had seen so many sneak peeks that i felt as though i had already seen most of the first episode.  I have only one complaint with this episode...I don't believe we as viewers were given any sort of emotional connection to Lady.  When i read that scene in the book i was devastated, but seeing it on screen just didn't have the emotional impact I had hoped.  Anyone else out there feel the same???
224	ser_nerdick	2011-04-26	Yeah, I don't know where this "Cersei isn't hot" contingent is coming from.  She looks damn hot to me.Well, I'm glad she's appealing in that way to a lot of fans then. She just doesn't do it for me. Not buxom enough, and her features are a bit too masculine for my liking. But like I said before, that's all petty subjective stuff. It's just not how I pictured her at all in the books. /shrug
225	Manakhkubar	2011-04-26	I really dug this episode, i think even more than the first.  I had seen so many sneak peeks that i felt as though i had already seen most of the first episode.  I have only one complaint with this episode...I don't believe we as viewers were given any sort of emotional connection to Lady.  When i read that scene in the book i was devastated, but seeing it on screen just didn't have the emotional impact I had hoped.  Anyone else out there feel the same???Opposite. I had virtually no connection to Lady in the book. There was a very touching scene with Sansa and the Septa about feeding the wolf under the table, but that connected me to Sansa, not to the pup.On screen, Lady's charms are visually present. I'm not that much of a dog person, but she had me with the whimper after being left behind by Sansa and Joff. I hated Ned for his lack of balls - man, I really cared more for that stupid dog than for Mycah. And I hated myself for that, too.
226	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-26	But like I said before, that's all petty subjective stuff. It's just not how I pictured her at all in the books. /shrugYep, that is the truth of the matter right there.  Smegma hit it on the head as well.  These kind of descriptions are much easier to pull off in a book than in a movie/TV show, because unless it is a picture book the readers will construct their own image of the character to satisfy themselves.A good example of this for me is Sansa.  For some unexplained reason I've always imagined her as blond, despite the fact that she is clearly described as being a red-head, taking after her mother. Readers don't even have to accept the way the writer has described the scene, and as such can imagine whatever they want.  Visual mediums don't have that luxury/advantage.
227	Alexia	2011-04-26	Yeah, I never imagined Daenerys to have the white-blond hair or purple eyes she was described as having - whenever I visualized her, she had the same hair as my Lannisters and blue eyes.  Tyrion also never had a beard or mismatched eyes, and Tywin was never bald in my mind's eye.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
228	Kalbear	2011-04-26	Sigh. Stupid board defending itself.
Lena Headey is beautiful. She is not sexy, at least not by modern terms, and at least the way that she's playing Cersei. I always pictured Cersei as fairly vain, very beautiful, but most importantly sexy - and willing to use that sex appeal. The show Cersei isn't sexy, she's charming. I like it better, but it's most assuredly different than the books.
229	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-26	Sigh. Stupid board defending itself.Lena Headey is beautiful. She is not sexy, at least not by modern terms, and at least the way that she's playing Cersei. I always pictured Cersei as fairly vain, very beautiful, but most importantly sexy - and willing to use that sex appeal. The show Cersei isn't sexy, she's charming. I like it better, but it's most assuredly different than the books.Never got that at all in the books, except when she's alone with certain persons. That's how I picture what's-her-face from Myr, but not Cersei. For my money she was always a total ice queen.
230	ser_nerdick	2011-04-26	Sigh. Stupid board defending itself.Lena Headey is beautiful. She is not sexy, at least not by modern terms, and at least the way that she's playing Cersei. I always pictured Cersei as fairly vain, very beautiful, but most importantly sexy - and willing to use that sex appeal. The show Cersei isn't sexy, she's charming. I like it better, but it's most assuredly different than the books.Good distinction between beautiful and sexy. That's a bit how I pictured her as well. Devious and clever, but also oozing sex appeal, and using that to her advantage whenever she can.
231	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-26	She is not sexy, at least not by modern terms, and at least the way that she's playing Cersei. I always pictured Cersei as fairly vain, very beautiful, but most importantly sexy - and willing to use that sex appeal. The show Cersei isn't sexy, she's charming. I like it better, but it's most assuredly different than the books.That is still pretty subjective, and, as you point out, it is using "modern terms".  The land of Westeros is not supposed to conform to "modern terms".I always pictured Cersei as fairly vain, very beautiful, but most importantly sexy - and willing to use that sex appeal. The show Cersei isn't sexy, she's charming. I like it better, but it's most assuredly different than the books.I don't think it is different from the books, at east not yet.  She wasn't the seductress while she was in Winterfell.  There are many examples where she used charm to try to disarm people (the scene where she makes Sansa write the letter to her family comes to mind as a good example).I also think that she always seemed as more of an ice queen than a sultry seductress.
232	smegma	2011-04-26	Never got that at all in the books, except when she's alone with certain persons. That's how I picture what's-her-face from Myr, but not Cersei. For my money she was always a total ice queen.I've always felt exactly the same - I always got the Monica Bellucci oozing sex thing from Taena, and more of an ice queen except when she wants to be in a one on one setting from Cersei. She doesn't even enjoy sex most of the time, and usually only turns it up to serve her needs. Beautiful, but cold.
233	Alexia	2011-04-26	I always visualized Cersei as an elegant, charming woman.  She turns on the sexiness when she decides it can come in handy (Ned, Lancel, Kettleblacks) but in general, she gets her way using sweet charm.  Tyrion even thinks about how lovely and charming she is at one point.
The problem with her portrayal in the books is that we see her through the eyes of people who hate her for the most part (Ned, Tyrion, etc...) and she does a few things (Lady, Robert) that makes it hard to visualize the charm thereafter.  But FWIW, she nailed my visual Cersei through her conversations with Sansa in Ep1 and Catelyn in Ep2.
234	Kalbear	2011-04-26	That is still pretty subjective, and, as you point out, it is using "modern terms". The land of Westeros is not supposed to conform to "modern terms".I'm using modern terms to qualify what I'm talking about. Sexy back then might not have meant the same thing, but to us sexy means a certain value. And that's what I'm referring to - that ability to enter a room and make all the men and some of the ladies turn their heads, or steal glances here and there, or talk about her the same way folks talk about Jason Momoa in this thread or how they talk about Monica Bellucci in others.Namely, "God damn, that's hot and I want to hit that, eh? Eh?"It's hard to picture two guards randomly talking about Cersei and saying that they'd like her to suck their cock and have it make sense. That kind of bragging doesn't happen with the Cersei we've seen so far, I don't think, any more than it happens around people talking about, oh, Michelle Pfeiffer in her 40s. You don't see I Am Sam and go 'god damn, Michelle Pfeiffer's hot in that and I totally want to do her'. But that's what people did in the books about Cersei. In the books, she's like Angelina Jolie to people. She's like Kim Kardashian. She's like Christina Hendricks. She's decidedly not like Natalie Portman.
235	Cereal Forel	2011-04-26	I agree with everyone else. Aside from her hair not being curly, I think she has portrayed the role perfectly. She doesn't become the paranoid, maniacal trainwreck until Joffrey dies, and we don't see her turn up the sex appeal till they get back to King's Landing, and even then never in public.
236	Xenophon	2011-04-26	Eh, I don't mind the less sexy Cersei.  IMO, it fits with how they've reenvisioned her.  Sexy fits with a villainous femme fetale, but the new more sympathetic Cersei needs to be tough to survive having a jerk like Robert as a husband.  Also, if she's so sexy, Robert's indiscretions make less sense, and seem less like a threat to her.  There's something particularly horrible about your spouse cheating on you with someone better looking.  So I like that she's a bit less sexy and a lot more tough.
237	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-26	But that's what people did in the books about Cersei. In the books, she's like Angelina Jolie to people. She's like Kim Kardashian. She's like Christina Hendricks. She's decidedly not like Natalie Portman.Who's to say the way she looks isn't the body style that would have Westerosians(?) talking like that?FWIW I don't have that reaction for any of the celebrities you mentioned (don't know who Christina Hendricks is), because that body type does not really appeal to me.Which just goes to show how subjective it really is. I'm not trying to say your viewpoint is invalid, just that it is subjective.Edit: Oh, Christina Hendricks is that chick from Firefly.  Same reaction to her as the others, meh.
					
					
							Edited by ChrisPwildcat, 26 April 2011 - 02:29 PM.
238	Kalbear	2011-04-26	Also, if she's so sexy, Robert's indiscretions make less sense, and seem less like a threat to her. There's something particularly horrible about your spouse cheating on you with someone better looking.See, I thought Robert fucking around with random women had nothing to do with beauty. Robert was the kind of man who could find beauty in any woman. He just wanted the strange. Cersei could have been (and likely was) the most beautiful woman in the realm, but she was still only one woman.As always Michael Komarck is my standard for imagery from the books, and this is more of what I pictured her as. Not necessarily the clothing, but the demeanor. That little smile like she knows something wicked, that look in her eyes. I do agree that this Cersei - the survivor one, the sympathetic one, the one that truly wanted Robert to love her and was rejected for a dead woman, the Cersei who is using Jaime to get something that she completely lacks in her normal life but knows it's a horrible idea - she doesn't need to be that sexy. This is not the book Cersei, at least not wholly. I really like that portrayal, and I think I like it more than the Cersei in the book. I like the idea of a woman who is downright pissed off that she can't have the power of a man not because she's beautiful and gets talked down to, but simply because she's got the powerhunger but is denied by the world her place in it. It's great. But it is different, and I can absolutely see the differences between book and show - and if someone were bothered by it, that's definitely the most glaring change to me between the two.[Who's to say the way she looks isn't the body style that would have Westerosians(?) talking like that?It has nothing to do with body style. I think Lena Headey could easily play the seductive Cersei if she had chosen to and if D&D decided that was the way to do it. She didn't. This Cersei isn't seductive like that. This Cersei goes for being the perfect host, the gracious queen, the one who follows the pleasantries and rules and makes you feel like you're the center of her universe. Which is more interesting as a character arc. Though I'll point out that it's going to be...a bit odd to get into AFFC and have Cersei worry that Margaery is prettier or that her looks might be going away or whatever.
					
					
							Edited by Kalbear, 26 April 2011 - 02:32 PM.
239	smegma	2011-04-26	Who's to say the way she looks isn't the body style that would have Westerosians(?) talking like that?FWIW I don't have that reaction for any of the celebrities you mentioned (don't know who Christina Hendricks is), because that body type does not really appeal to me.Which just goes to show how subjective it really is. I'm not trying to say your viewpoint is invalid, just that it is subjective.Edit: Oh, Christina Hendricks is that chick from Firefly.  Same reaction to her as the others, meh.Haha, I know, right? I think Natalie Portman is by far the hottest and can pull off sexy quite well, if you ask me. All in the eye of the beholder /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
240	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-26	It has nothing to do with body style. I think Lena Headey could easily play the seductive Cersei if she had chosen to and if D&D decided that was the way to do it. She didn't. This Cersei isn't seductive like that. This Cersei goes for being the perfect host, the gracious queen, the one who follows the pleasantries and rules and makes you feel like you're the center of her universe. Which is more interesting as a character arc. Though I'll point out that it's going to be...a bit odd to get into AFFC and have Cersei worry that Margaery is prettier or that her looks might be going away or whatever.Ahhh...  Your argument makes more sense to me now, though I think others were more disappointed in the looks than her personality, and that is more what I was referring to.I still don't think Cersei acted that seductive in the books early on, but it is hard to say, since she doesn't command much text early on in the books.
241	Cereal Forel	2011-04-26	As always Michael Komarck is my standard for imagery from the books, and this is more of what I pictured her as. Not necessarily the clothing, but the demeanor. That little smile like she knows something wicked, that look in her eyes. Thank god she doesn't look like that.
242	ZombieWife	2011-04-26	Sigh. Stupid board defending itself.Lena Headey is beautiful. She is not sexy, at least not by modern terms, and at least the way that she's playing Cersei. I always pictured Cersei as fairly vain, very beautiful, but most importantly sexy - and willing to use that sex appeal. The show Cersei isn't sexy, she's charming. I like it better, but it's most assuredly different than the books.When has she had the chance to be sexy?Winterfell (for her) booooring (except for a nice shag in an old tower).On the Kingsroad?  Was she supposed to be sexy when she was sticking up for her son (after the Arya/Micah situation)?Or was she supposed to be sexy when she went to give Catelyn her "condolences?"While Robert was mock-boffing the serving wench during the feast at Winterfell?Whipped out her bosom as she got out of the cart (after traveling a month)?Who is to say she won't be sexy?  I just don't see that there has been a reasonable window here.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
243	ser_nerdick	2011-04-26	When has she had the chance to be sexy?Winterfell (for her) booooring (except for a nice shag in an old tower).On the Kingsroad?  Was she supposed to be sexy when she was sticking up for her son (after the Arya/Micah situation)?Or was she supposed to be sexy when she went to give Catelyn her "condolences?"While Robert was mock-boffing the serving wench during the feast at Winterfell?Whipped out her bosom as she got out of the cart (after traveling a month)?Who is to say she won't be sexy?  I just don't see that there has been a reasonable window here.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />There was plenty of opportunity. I demand Cersei cleavage!   /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />
244	ZombieWife	2011-04-26	I've always felt exactly the same - I always got the Monica Bellucci oozing sex thing from Taena, and more of an ice queen except when she wants to be in a one on one setting from Cersei. She doesn't even enjoy sex most of the time, and usually only turns it up to serve her needs. Beautiful, but cold.My view of her as well (from the books).  I don't see that she has much of a chance in book 1 here, unless we see her attempt to seduce Ned or some such (or another scene with Jaime).  Books 2, 3 and 4 had much more sexiness.  I think Cersei's smarter than that (though she does get a little sloppy in AFFC).  I don't see her playing some tarted up bimbo, showing off her nipples to every man she wants something from.  She's a queen not a prostitute.
245	ZombieWife	2011-04-26	There was plenty of opportunity. I demand Cersei cleavage!   /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />Trust me, I'd love to see Lena Headey's boobage.  But, I don't want it done just so the show can be more like Spartacus or some Skinemax POS.  I want there to be reason, cause, motive and such.  THAT brings the heat imho, not just boobs for boobs-sake (though that is nice in its own way).  Tyrion's whores?  Not the least bit enticing or sexy to me.  Dany riding Drogo?  (totally clothed) far more sexy.  I am in the "wait and see" group here.  I think Cersei will amp it up--if not in this season then definitely next. I've never pictured Cersei as an Atia-esque (Rome) character.  She was more classy than that, imho.  Icy, definitely icy.
246	Kalbear	2011-04-26	Who is to say she won't be sexy? I just don't see that there has been a reasonable window here.You might be right. I just haven't gotten that vibe so far.
247	wolverine	2011-04-26	She is coming off as much more intelligent so far on HBO than in the books, but maybe I am just remembering her later on.
Watching Sansa again makes me remember why I used to hate her.  How stupid is she?  I know she is only 13 or whatever age they made her, but man is she detestable right now.
On another note, the girl playing Arya is probably a little to cute for Horseface.
248	smegma	2011-04-26	My view of her as well (from the books).  I don't see that she has much of a chance in book 1 here, unless we see her attempt to seduce Ned or some such (or another scene with Jaime).  Books 2, 3 and 4 had much more sexiness.  I think Cersei's smarter than that (though she does get a little sloppy in AFFC).  I don't see her playing some tarted up bimbo, showing off her nipples to every man she wants something from.  She's a queen not a prostitute.Yeah there really hasn't been an opportunity, but even so I think they will portray it either as genuine (with Jaime, maybe) or as a means to an end (with Ned and/or Lancel). For Cersei, sex is a tool that you use when necessary, not an ever-present state.
249	CryFenril	2011-04-26	How Cersei "should" look is a classic example of each reader creating a visual image in their head, based on a personal standard of beauty. So I doubt most of us here would agree as to what she "should" look like in order to be beautiful. Having said that, I just caught her subtle subversion of Ned at the inn - when they are all before Robert arguing about the fight, Ned says Sansa is in bed asleep. Cersei says "No, she's not. Sansa, come here, darling." And behold - here's Sansa, at Cersei's request. She's taking control of Sansa before Ned even knows what's going on. Very subtle, very sneaky, and oh so very Cersei. Uber-points for the scene. This version of Cersei strikes me as very dangerous, no matter what we may all think she's supposed to look like on the outside! /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />And on a completely different note, the combination of Ned's face as he drives the dagger in, plus the horrible sound Lady makes, actually made me a little weepy this time around. I didn't cry before because there were three other people in the room watching - but this time, yeah, the waterworks cranked up. Perfect setup for Bran's awakening, as has been noted before.
250	Kalbear	2011-04-26	For Cersei, sex is a tool that you use when necessary, not an ever-present state.The issue here is that for Cersei, sex is the only tool she knows how to use. Which is why she likely comes off as sexy to so many (and why the guards remark on her as well) - that she pretty much resorts to either sex or terror. That's it.I don't think the Cersei we're seeing is going to be that limited. I don't think we're going to see her using either quite so cavalierly. I think we're also going to see that the sex with Jaime was there just for sex for her enjoyment, and not to control him, and that she doesn't view sex as just a tool. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if she viewed sex as something fairly horrible other than with her brother and refused to resort to it at all.
251	shibby	2011-04-26	I"m not sure if it's been discussed already, but I think that Ser Ilyn is a total miscast.  A short, old, funny-looking bald dude is supposed to be the Kings Justice?  That expression he had on his face when Sansa ran into him was comical, not brooding evil liked I'd imagined in the book.  The dude is supposed to be walking Death.  What the hell is up with that?
					
					
							Edited by shibby, 26 April 2011 - 03:24 PM.
252	Nichole	2011-04-26	Watching Sansa again makes me remember why I used to hate her.  How stupid is she?  I know she is only 13 or whatever age they made her, but man is she detestable right now.I'm really curious to see how she does when her role gets more difficult. So far Sophie Turner has done stupid 13 year old girl well, but Sansa's role will change and will be a challenge for a young actor.
253	Kalbear	2011-04-26	It's been remarked upon. Over and over again.And yes, it's pretty sad. I keep expecting someone to come up to him and say "That's great, but who are the Chefs?" and have him mutter under his breath 'great...googly moogly'.I just want to give that old grandpa a big hug.
254	Cereal Forel	2011-04-26	On another note, the girl playing Arya is probably a little to cute for Horseface.Arya is supposed to be beautiful, she's supposed to take after Lyanna whom everything considered beautiful. I always thought Sansa called her Horseface, and we know how good Sansa is at judging beauty :rolls eyes:Edit: and Kaylee was way hotter than Zoe.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 26 April 2011 - 03:33 PM.
255	Kat	2011-04-26	I never saw sex as the only tool Book Cersei was able to use well. She had to have a certain degree of skill in the charm, manners and acting department, or else she never would have been able to put Sansa under her spell, or get Ned to believe her. Maybe she's not as skilled at playing the game as some others, but she definitely has more than just her sex appeal. The difference is that she's one of the only players who we ever see use sex appeal, because she's one of the only ones who can. I mean, who's going to fall for sex appeal if it's Tywin, Littlefinger, Varys, the Queen of Thorns, etc.? I guess we see Renly sort of doing it, or sex and charm were one of the ways he got the Tyrells on his side (possibly unintentionally), but for the first few books, is there anyone else?
256	smegma	2011-04-26	The issue here is that for Cersei, sex is the only tool she knows how to use. Which is why she likely comes off as sexy to so many (and why the guards remark on her as well) - that she pretty much resorts to either sex or terror. That's it.I don't think the Cersei we're seeing is going to be that limited. I don't think we're going to see her using either quite so cavalierly. I think we're also going to see that the sex with Jaime was there just for sex for her enjoyment, and not to control him, and that she doesn't view sex as just a tool. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if she viewed sex as something fairly horrible other than with her brother and refused to resort to it at all.Well as I said, Jaime may be the only genuine sexual gratification and/or appearance that she can muster. So he is the exception, but even then, she eventually turns cold on him as well. Edit: But it's not her only tool, I think that's a gross mischaracterization. She has charm and some wit and some smarts, maybe not as much as others, but it's there.Also, yeah Arya was not UGLY, she was often described as a beautiful girl that resembled Lyanna. She is called horseface, but there's plenty of other people that disagree. I think Maisie Williams is absolutely perfect and adorable (and did anyone notice she had a little bit of a lisp in the Needle scene? My heart melted when I heard that).
					
					
							Edited by smegma, 26 April 2011 - 03:36 PM.
257	Cereal Forel	2011-04-26	I figured Renly got the Tyrells on his side by banging Loras
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 26 April 2011 - 03:35 PM.
258	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	Having said that, I just caught her subtle subversion of Ned at the inn - when they are all before Robert arguing about the fight, Ned says Sansa is in bed asleep. Cersei says "No, she's not. Sansa, come here, darling." And behold - here's Sansa, at Cersei's request. She's taking control of Sansa before Ned even knows what's going on. Very subtle, very sneaky, and oh so very Cersei. Uber-points for the scene.I noticed that scheme of Cersei's as well and I too liked it. It plays further on that Sansa is being influenced by the Lannisters and that Cersei knows how to get her way.As for Ilyn Payne I think he looks pretty close to how I imagined him, other than that he's shorter.
259	RedWeddingCake	2011-04-26	I"m not sure if it's been discussed already, but I think that Ser Ilyn is a total miscast.  A short, old, funny-looking bald dude is supposed to be the Kings Justice?  That expression he had on his face when Sansa ran into him was comical, not brooding evil liked I'd imagined in the book.  The dude is supposed to be walking Death.  What the hell is up with that?I could not agree more and thought more people would bring this up.  The guy is completely wrong for the part.
260	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-26	I don't get it.The second image is of Philadelphia Eagles quarterback and colossal douchebag Michael Vick, who spent some 23 months in prison for running a dogfighting ring. If you want all the details: http://en.wikipedia....g_investigationThat being said, I cracked the HELL up at that.
261	Kalbear	2011-04-26	Arya is supposed to be beautiful, she's supposed to take after Lyanna whom everything considered beautiful. I always thought Sansa called her Horseface, and we know how good Sansa is at judging beauty :rolls eyes:Arya's supposed to be beautiful...eventually. Right now (in the books) she has the unfortunate long nose and long face of the starks (hence the horseface bit) and combines that with the lack of grace and charm that Sansa has. I never figured she was beautiful now. She looks like Lyanna, but that's not the best thing early on. She's a tomboy, and like a lot of tomboys she probably doesn't look all that great right now.Maisie doesn't look facially like I pictured Arya looking - again, long nose, long face. I don't care, because she's fucking nailing the part.
262	Geriant	2011-04-26	For the most part, I think they did a great job with casting. Even the ones I don't think 'look' right are doing a great job with the characters. When I first saw who was cast for some parts, I was disappointed. Specifically, Cersei, Jon Snow and Catelyn Stark.  When I first heard of the books being adapted to show on HBO, I more or less pictured Lena Headey as Catelyn Stark. To me, she looked the part, beautiful but not instantly OMG she is hot sort of thing. With the roles she has played, she seemed a perfect fit. I was needless to say disappointed to see she was going to be Cersei. I am liking her acting for the role, but she just doesn't seem to fit the role of incredibly beautiful queen who sees her looks as one of her main weapons to use (not that they are her only weapon mind you). I also think Michelle Fairley is doing a great job with Catelyn as she is written for the tv series, I just think Lena Headey would be a better choice. I can't really say who might make a better Cersei than Lena, but I've always pictured her as Michelle Pfieffer-esque from when she played Catwoman or Isabeau in Ladyhawke when reading the books. I've seen some mention Rebecca De Morney, who could fit the look as well from her Hand that Rocks the Cradle days, but not sure she has the acting chops to pull off Cersei. For Jon Snow, Kit Harington has done a great job with his portrayal of the character but again the way he looks is almost completely wrong for me. I'm beginning to think it is the hair more than anything.. being curly and black, I keep thinking he looks more like Robert's bastard than a Stark bastard (Ned or Lyanna depending on which theory you believe)when I see him on the screen. Also, the scruffy beard he, Robb and Theon have just seem.. wrong. I really have no clue who else could have done the role, but Kit just doesn't look the part. All that being said, I have been watching the series so far trying not to judge the look and just take the characters as they are presented - but it is hard sometimes. They have all done excellent jobs with the characters (the main ones anyhow), and I have to say Arya and Bran are spot on in just about every way. Dinklage's Tyrion is awesome even though he may not look the part, but I never expected them to capture Tyrion's 'look' without heavy makeup. Sean Bean is Eddard Stark in every way, shape and form.. plus I love the scars they have given him. When I see them, I wonder if they are from Ser Arthur Dayne and the battle at the Tower of Joy.
263	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-04-26	IIRC Joff's handsomeness was generally commented on through Sansa's POV, which was colored by her own personal romanticism regarding nobility, chivalry, gallantry etc.  She gave Joff the benefit of the doubt in all these areas (at least during the first 90% of AGOT) simply because of his social station.  Ergo, he was handsome to Sansa BECAUSE he was her prince.Even so, I think he's supposed to look handsome to everyone, not just Sansa. He's the product of the gorgeous Lannister twins. And Jack Gleeson has a weird looking face.But, like I said before, Gleeson does a very good job at playing the little bastard.
264	oneeye	2011-04-26	I wonder how someone who hasn't read the books twice and discussed on these forums here for homework, could make sense of  some of the  characters like Ilyn Payne and Theon, even the Hound, who all will be important later. They need name tags or something for the less advanced viewers to appreciate them more /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
265	alguien	2011-04-26	I've always thought that the "wild times" were really just Robert's drunken recollections/projections onto Ned of what Robert actually did himself.  Robert starts telling Ned about Ned's woman with the huge tits, and it turns out to be Robert's.  I'm thinking that's the way it generally happened.  If it's a buddy movie, Ned's the straight guy.  Robert gets drunk and whores, Ned probably has some beer and talks to someone, and Robert remembers it as the both of them drinking and whoring their way across Westeros.  Then Ned's pulling Robert out of a bunch of gutters.That also would be consistent with other people thinking of Jon as being the one stain on Ned's otherwise unblemished "honor".Though the way Sean Bean played Ned during that meal, it made him seem like he was a bit more... human than the Ned Stark we get in the show.  He was willing to joke around and reminisce. Catelyn views Robert (and rightly so, tbh) as the wild friend you'd rather your husband didn't hang out with.   Which in some ways, the way Bean's depicting him makes sense to me.  I always thought it was a bit odd that Robert "Bluto" Baratheon was friends with Ned "Stick in the Mud" Stark.   The show seems to do much better at depicting why they're friends.
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 26 April 2011 - 04:35 PM.
266	Bronn Stone	2011-04-26	Arya is supposed to be beautiful, she's supposed to take after Lyanna whom everything considered beautiful. I always thought Sansa called her Horseface, and we know how good Sansa is at judging beauty :rolls eyes:Actually, she's not beautiful.  She specifically mentions that nobody calls her beautiful when she is compared to Lyanna at the same age.  She'll grow into her looks (as Lyanna did), but hasn't gotten them yet.  I'd say physical beauty is one of the things that Sansa IS quite qualified to evaluate.
267	Xenophon	2011-04-26	I wonder how someone who hasn't read the books twice and discussed on these forums here for homework, could make sense of  some of the  characters like Ilyn Payne and Theon, even the Hound, who all will be important later. They need name tags or something for the less advanced viewers to appreciate them more /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Meh, I only read the books once, and I'm having no problems with the characters--or at least no problems that I'm aware of /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />. It's really no worse than The Wire or Deadwood.  Most of the minor characters are fairly visually distinctive, which helps. Theon/Robb/Jon was hard at first, but now that Jon's gone, it's easier.
268	BlackStoneCA	2011-04-26	I've heard alot on these forums the last few days I've been looking them voer about how much the Dire Wolves were a disappointment, not enough importance was given to them, no one that hasn't read the books are going to understand.http://forums.televi...c=3204374&st=45
This is the unspoiled thread on TV without Pity.  Reading through that, especially on page 4, seems to me newcomers to the show grasp the importance of the dire wolves just fine, especially at this point in the story.  I know when I read the series for the first time, it wasn't till much later in the book the dire wolf importance sank in.
269	aeu	2011-04-26	I wonder how someone who hasn't read the books twice and discussed on these forums here for homework, could make sense of  some of the  characters like Ilyn Payne and Theon, even the Hound, who all will be important later. They need name tags or something for the less advanced viewers to appreciate them more /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Why should the viewers appreciate them on the first watch? Admittedly, it has been awhile since I last read the series, but I don't think they are important in AGOT (or in Ser Ilyn's case, in any book so far, though that may potentially change.)Was Hound a fan favorite or Theon more than a background character before AFFC came out?
270	Josquius	2011-04-26	So, apparently this was the weakest episode of the first 6 according to the reviewers...maybe so, maybe so. Not much happened did it? Surprisingly not even much in the way of graphic sex with Dani- was that a pilot only thing and they toned it down later? Suits me just fine but a strange change.
Cersei talking about her first son dying- was this in the books? I can't remember her ever having had Robert's kid. Been ages since I read the first book but only recently I read the fourth and I'm sure I remember her saying she made sure to drink moon tea, have him come on her stomach, etc... every time he tried it with her so she wouldn't have his kid.
It really does seem all a bit vague. I really hope people who haven't read the books are following it. I'm probally not giving them enough credit here. I mean...Mad Men and the like don't spell every little thing out. But still.
The episode overall was a bit disjointed and jumpy. I'm really just waiting for the end of the series when the war starts up I guess!
Theon I hate. Still no explanation of who the hell he is.
The maester looks freaky and his chain is bad.
I'm coming around to the Hound though, he does look better in this episode than the first.
					
					
							Edited by Josquius, 26 April 2011 - 06:13 PM.
271	El-ahrairah	2011-04-26	I quite liked this one, but I did want to see the Three-Eyed Crow. I know Bran's dream would be impossible to film, but I really hope they will work one in in a later episode. And I wish they hadn't nixed the redundant yet charming expression "woman wife" when Dany chattered with her handmaids. It is known.
272	flyingwind66	2011-04-26	I think the dirt and grit is good enough. If you think it's bad, watch Camelot. The women actually wear make-up.makeup and cosmetics are not modern inventions... pearl powder, lip-stains, rouge, kohl for eyeliner and eyeshadow were all things available to women during the middle ages in different parts of the world albeit with different ingredients than their modern counterparts of foundation and lipstick etc.
273	Xenophon	2011-04-26	Maybe these were discussed earlier and I missed it; if so, sorry for the repetition.
Why does Catelyn decide to go warn Ned herself?  I get that she isn't willing to send Robb or Theon or the Maester, but why not send the fat guy who's there with them.  I mean, she trusts him enough to tell him what she thinks, why not send him?  
Also, does Robert not have his own guards on this trip?  He seems to always be surrounded by Lannister men. Is this from the book, or have we just not seen the Baratheon troops yet?
274	Josquius	2011-04-26	Can't remember much mention of baratheon household troops in the books no.
I think its to show how little he cares and how much the lannisters have wormed their way in.
275	Simon Steele	2011-04-26	makeup and cosmetics are not modern inventions... pearl powder, lip-stains, rouge, kohl for eyeliner and eyeshadow were all things available to women during the middle ages in different parts of the world albeit with different ingredients than their modern counterparts of foundation and lipstick etc.And a sidenote--Khal Drogo seems to be wearing tons of eye shadow. So...yeah
276	TrueMetis	2011-04-26	And a sidenote--Khal Drogo seems to be wearing tons of eye shadow. So...yeahWell I guess that puts the idea that they are savages to bed. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
277	Wolandit	2011-04-26	Hi all! Forum newbie/books veteran here,
just watched this second episode, I think the show is generally very good, but there are a few things which could have been done better, and others that I think were changed for the wrong reasons, while others I can't even understand why they were changed...
Definitely missed Bran's dream with the crow, damn it could have been done in CGI with a blue screen for him fallin...
Didn't Ned kill Lady with Ice? We see he's using a long knife...
Is Bran supposed to wake up the exact moment Lady is killed?
What's up with CSI:Catelyn? I feel it was completey unnecessary. The viewers know it was Cersei and Jaime, and the attemped murder was more than enough to send Catelyn to King's Landing...
I did not miss the "it should have been you" line.
Thumbs up for Tyrion and Arya's trial. 
Hated the Cersei speech about her dead son. It seems to me it was put there to avoid the issue of representing a woman so willing to do an abortion, as it is in the books. It would have been bad for some powerful lobbies. Anyway they could have made her miscarry.
Maybe they're trying to give depth to the character, but I would have insisted on her love for Jaime instead. Anyway, she's a bit flat, even in the books, and I'm a huge Martin fan...
I think the Danaerys sex scenes were not good: the first has more nudity, but she is shown suffering; in the second one, which is supposed to be more erotic and pleasurable for her, is much less graphic. It should have been the exact opposite.
Dothraki in general are a bit of a disappointment: I imagined them as much more "asiatic" in their facial traits, much more like mongols and less like turks.
Hi all
278	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-26	So, the in-laws were in town this weekend and I didn't get around to watching until now -- but I did slog through all 35+ pages of these threads. That's dedication, yo. Dedication, or an unhealthy addiction for any ASOIAF discussion. I'll try not to repeat too many of the previous comments.Things I liked: More Hound. The camera still hasn't lingered on his burn, which I can't decide is because they don't want to display a shoddy makeup job or because they want to hold it until the exposition of how the Hound became burned. Of course, all of that pales beside his complete lack of reaction to Tyrion bitchslapping Joffrey. "I'm the bodyguard of the prince, sure, but the queen's brother is beating him. Whichever side I take is going to result in just more trouble. I'll just stand here and try not to show how much I'm enjoying this." Doreah. I'm concerned that her scene deviated from the books quite a bit. I'm going to have to watch it several times over just to be sure. You know, for comparison purposes. Drogo's finely-sculpted posterior. Hey, I'm as straight as they come, but I can still recognize some ass-beauty when I see it. Direwolves! Although we're still missing Ghost (as discussed extensively), Grey Wind, and Shaggydog. Their time will come, I'm sure of it. Tyrion waking up from his bender in the dog pen, Ned using his knife rather than Ice to kill Lady, Tyrion's quip about "You know how much I love my family," Summer mauling the intruder then getting the snack the trainer tucked by Bran's neck...Things I'm waffling about: The pacing of the episode as a whole. I felt it was weaker than the first episode, and I feel somewhat relieved that a number of reviewers agree with me -- it means that it only gets better from here. Oh, characters developed and plots developed, yeah, no question. Robert surpassed expectations both in the picnic lunch and the ad hoc throne room. Ned, again, was the perfect Ned, bound by honor and lost in the viper's nest of the court. Arya, Sansa and Joffrey nailed their scenes precisely. Dany? Well, she nailed a young slave girl, stared dreamily at her eggs, and rode the wild Dothraki pony. I realize she didn't do much more than that in the book, so I'm not up in arms about it, but it did stand out for me.Things I didn't like: Jaime and Jon's unnecessary (to me) scene. I get it, Jaime's a dick, Jon's got stars in his eyes about the Night's Watch, but the former was made clear in Ep 1 and the latter was made clear with Tyrion's snarking about snarks. The only thing this scene gave me was an abiding sense of loss for Firefly. Why'd they have to give him that pseudo-duster? Still no mention of Theon, other than "he's the non-Stark kid who hangs out with the Starks, is eager to use his sword, and alternately smarts off to Robb or pledges his sword to him." He's got the House Greyjoy sigil in the opening sequence, but we haven't been told who the Greyjoys are. Hopefully we get that information before he gets into the meat of his role later in the season, otherwise we'll be adding just "...and he fights alongside Robb" to his full description. Five more days until episode 3.Upon preview: please, Khal Drogo wears guyliner, none of that sissy Westerosi eye shadow.
279	ZombieWife	2011-04-26	The issue here is that for Cersei, sex is the only tool she knows how to use. Which is why she likely comes off as sexy to so many (and why the guards remark on her as well) - that she pretty much resorts to either sex or terror. That's it.I don't think the Cersei we're seeing is going to be that limited. I don't think we're going to see her using either quite so cavalierly. I think we're also going to see that the sex with Jaime was there just for sex for her enjoyment, and not to control him, and that she doesn't view sex as just a tool. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if she viewed sex as something fairly horrible other than with her brother and refused to resort to it at all.See, I disagree.  I don't think sex is her only tool, not by far.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
280	ZombieWife	2011-04-26	Even so, I think he's supposed to look handsome to everyone, not just Sansa. He's the product of the gorgeous Lannister twins. And Jack Gleeson has a weird looking face.But, like I said before, Gleeson does a very good job at playing the little bastard.I find Jack Gleeson to be very attractive. He has very pretty eyes.  When he was looking at Sansa during the Winterfell feast, he was a little hottie!  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
281	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-26	Has this been discussed already?
Because of the Cat CSI sleuthing Tyrion is under a direct cloud of suspicion for the assassination attempt (he was off hunting for the fall from the tower). So how will they handle Tyrion's return to Winterfell? It's only a minor issue I suppose but does this mean Tyrion won't design Bran's Hodder saddle? Having Tyrion serve Bran so directly helps to highlight Tyrion's inherent qualities as a character, and also accentuates the injustice of his eventual capture by Cat, and the sense of vindication when Bronn successfully defends him.
Tyrion was on pretty friendly terms with the Starks in Winterfell when he travelled back through, but now his reception will be decidedly cool, if not openly hostile.
We do see a momentary glimpse of Ghost in the distance shot of the campfire scene where Jon and Tyrion have their little chat. I didn't notice that until my second viewing.
282	Josquius	2011-04-26	I disliked ice not being used on Lady. Sort of defeats the point of Ned doing it if he is to butcher her anyway.
And yeah...Ghost has been oddly abscent. No sign of him on Jon's journey.
283	Kaitscralt	2011-04-26	Tyrion was on pretty friendly terms with the Starks in Winterfell when he travelled back through, but now his reception will be decidedly cool, if not openly hostile.He was? Robb was a total douche to him the entire time, and the direwolves nearly ripped him into a million pieces.I disliked ice not being used on Lady. Sort of defeats the point of Ned doing it if he is to butcher her anyway.A dagger is more personal, and adds a depth of emotionality to the show because Ned gets to crouch with Lady and hold her while he does it.And yeah...Ghost has been oddly abscent. No sign of him on Jon's journey.One sign of him. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 26 April 2011 - 08:09 PM.
284	Kalbear	2011-04-26	Yeah, Tyrion's return to Winterfell has him almost attacked by the wolves and Robb openly questioning him; it's only when I believe either Cat or Luwin step in that they apologize and the dogs calm down. 
Which...is interesting, come to think of it. I guess that this is the kid's reaction to a Lannister more than the wolves being intuitive, because Tyrion was genuinely innocent at the time. It's used sort of as foreshadowing, but it ends up being a red herring.
285	Balefont	2011-04-26	it's only when I believe either Cat or Luwin step in that they apologize and the dogs calm down. I think Cat's gone to KL by then, dear. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
286	Kalbear	2011-04-26	Fine, fine. You're right. I think Tyrion chastises them and the master calms 'em down. I've forgotten exactly how it goes. It'd film well though - Tyrion taking shit from them, the wolves getting pissed off, him shouting them down, and then the saddle being dropped off. Though...hmm.
We haven't learned yet that Bran's a cripple, have we? That hasn't been mentioned once. Whereas that was mentioned before Tyrion went to the wall, no?
287	Balefont	2011-04-26	Fine, fine. You're right. I think Tyrion chastises them and the master calms 'em down. I've forgotten exactly how it goes. It'd film well though - Tyrion taking shit from them, the wolves getting pissed off, him shouting them down, and then the saddle being dropped off. Though...hmm.We haven't learned yet that Bran's a cripple, have we? That hasn't been mentioned once. Whereas that was mentioned before Tyrion went to the wall, no?No.  I think Tyrion finds out after Jon gets a letter from Winterfell.  "He's awake!"
288	CryFenril	2011-04-26	Things I didn't like:[list][*] Jaime and Jon's unnecessary (to me) scene. I get it, Jaime's a dick, Jon's got stars in his eyes about the Night's Watch, but the former was made clear in Ep 1 and the latter was made clear with Tyrion's snarking about snarks. The only thing this scene gave me was an abiding sense of loss for Firefly. Why'd they have to give him that pseudo-duster?Lol, earlier I commented on the same thing. Hope this doesn't speak for the longevity of the series... is it too late to hear Bran say "I am a leaf on the wind"? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
289	Mya Stone	2011-04-26	I've heard alot on these forums the last few days I've been looking them voer about how much the Dire Wolves were a disappointment, not enough importance was given to them, no one that hasn't read the books are going to understand.http://forums.televi...c=3204374&st=45This is the unspoiled thread on TV without Pity.  Reading through that, especially on page 4, seems to me newcomers to the show grasp the importance of the dire wolves just fine, especially at this point in the story.  I know when I read the series for the first time, it wasn't till much later in the book the dire wolf importance sank in.Thank you for linking this. I'm reading it and giggling. One person suggested Cersei was Jon's mom. Could you imagine Ned and Cersei?! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> But really, I'm loving reading their insights. It's refreshing.
290	Greylander	2011-04-26	Things I didn't like: Jaime and Jon's unnecessary (to me) scene. I get it, Jaime's a dick, Jon's got stars in his eyes about the Night's Watch, but the former was made clear in Ep 1 and the latter was made clear with Tyrion's snarking about snarks. The only thing this scene gave me was an abiding sense of loss for Firefly. Why'd they have to give him that pseudo-duster.That scene was much more important than you give credit, especially for non-readers:explains to the audience what the official/historical purpose of The Wall and Night's Watchtells the audience what the common attitude is towards The Wall: it no longer really serves a purpose, and the Night's Watch -- it's members are far from "elite"gives the heads up that serving in the Night's Watch is a life-long vowYes these fact may also be divulged elsewhere, but important points need to be repeated in different ways at different times so the viewer picks up on them.As to character development, it is much more complex than "Jaime is a dick"... we know from later books that Jaime deeply resents his own vow and regards joining the Kingsguard as the defining mistake of his life.  Here he see's Jon about to make a similar mistake at about the same age.  In his arrogant and sarcastic manner, Jaime is trying to give Jon some good advice... but he cannot be nice about it, as he loathes the world that so unfairly misjudges him.  When he says "...it's only for life" you just know he is referring to his own vow as much as to Jon's.Having given the scene some additional thought, I think Jon should have gotten in a "Kingslayer" jab to even the score for Jaime's "bastard" remarks -- but then again insults are not his style.
291	Balefont	2011-04-26	fl00b Greylander, I gave you a +1.  Great points. < thumbs up >
292	Ser Greguh	2011-04-26	That scene was much more important than you give credit, especially for non-readers:explains to the audience what the official/historical purpose of The Wall and Night's Watchtells the audience what the common attitude is towards The Wall: it no longer really serves a purpose, and the Night's Watch -- it's members are far from "elite"gives the heads up that serving in the Night's Watch is a life-long vowYes these fact may also be divulged elsewhere, but important points need to be repeated in different ways at different times so the viewer picks up on them.As to character development, it is much more complex than "Jaime is a dick"... we know from later books that Jaime deeply resents his own vow and regards joining the Kingsguard as the defining mistake of his life.  Here he see's Jon about to make a similar mistake at about the same age.  In his arrogant and sarcastic manner, Jaime is trying to give Jon some good advice... but he cannot be nice about it, as he loathes the world that so unfairly misjudges him.  When he says "...it's only for life" you just know he is referring to his own vow as much as to Jon's.Having given the scene some additional thought, I think Jon should have gotten in a "Kingslayer" jab to even the score for Jaime's "bastard" remarks -- but then again insults are not his style.Fantastic analysis, I thought much the same thing but didn't have the words for it.  I wish more of the analysis here were even half this quality.  In addition to these points, another minor thing to add is that Jon doesn't flinch at being called "bastard", potentially readable as evidence that he's taking Tyrion's advice to heart.
293	aeu	2011-04-26	Why does Catelyn decide to go warn Ned herself?  I get that she isn't willing to send Robb or Theon or the Maester, but why not send the fat guy who's there with them.  I mean, she trusts him enough to tell him what she thinks, why not send him?  I thought the same thing while watching the episode. I don't think her reasoning is really explained well.Rereading the chapter, I realized that there wasn't too much extra in there. But she does look around thinking "Who to send? Who would be believed?" So at least she is considering alternatives and deciding that this is too important.Also, does Robert not have his own guards on this trip?  He seems to always be surrounded by Lannister men. Is this from the book, or have we just not seen the Baratheon troops yet?Baretheon troops are there. They are the guys with orange cloaks. They are most prominent in the background of the breakfast scene of Ned and Robert. They are in almost every "crowded" scene together with Lannister troops (when King arrives in Winterfell, when Ned and Jon leave Winterfell, around the inn while Sansa is walking around, even in Arya's "trial" amongst a sea of Lannisters) but usually, Lannister troops are more prominent. I would like to think this is intentional, to emphasize how much Lannisters are controlling things.We haven't learned yet that Bran's a cripple, have we? That hasn't been mentioned once. Whereas that was mentioned before Tyrion went to the wall, no?Tyrion hears it at the Wall when Jon get a letter from Winterfell.
294	Eponine	2011-04-26	I've been busy the past few days and it's taken me this long to read all these pages and the previous ep 2 thread. I'll try to start in the middle of the discussion.
I enjoyed this episode much more than the previous. My main complaint is that I think that the first half could have been edited so that the second half would feel less rushed. The second half absolutely flew by.
I'm fine with a lot of changes that other people have mentioned. I think that Catelyn came across as hateful and cold to Jon without "it should have been you". She was genuinely unpleasant when she told him to leave, I don't see how anyone could construe it any other way. 
Arya's extra line "she didn't hurt you... much" also wasn't necessary. That scene was extremely effective as it was. I do think that Sansa's aging up makes a big difference and makes her less sympathetic. I think that if you imagine a child who looks to be the same age as Maisie Williams being brought before the king, terrified, instead of as aged up as Sansa on TV, there would be more sympathy for her not being willing to say anything.
Also fine with no three eyed crow dream for now. IMO, dreams should be used sparingly and Bran has a long long long period of not being able to do much of anything. His arc needs to be spread out so that he doesn't disappear from the show but doesn't become too repetitive.
Addy as Robert was great throughout the entire episode. He conveyed perfectly how a man who was once bold and strong had become a wretched king, not even willing to face his best friend when Cersei demanded that Lady be killed. 
Lady's death is the saddest thing in the entire series. It would have been either horribly gruesome or ridiculously fake to show a man killing a wolf with a greatsword - the scene doesn't need to show all the maneuvering necessary to get a wolf in the right position to do that.
I wasn't crazy about either Jaime's conversation with Jon or with Cersei's monologue to Catelyn. All the plot important parts that Jaime made could have been part of Jon and Tyrion's conversations. A goodbye conversation between Ned and Jon could have reiterated the lifelong vow and the historical purpose of the NW. Either or both would have made more sense to me. I would have preferred that Cersei's speech be trimmed down by half. She kept talking and talking and talking, when almost every other scene had much shorter lines and less focus on just one character. I'd have rather seen less of that and an extended scene with Sansa/Arya/Joff/court, which contained so much and moved so fast. Or maybe a little more context with Sansa/Ilyn/Sandor. Sandor's comments to Sansa kind of felt like they were coming out of nowhere, and I'm not sure that I'd have understood what was happening with those three characters if I wasn't familiar with them already.
The only thing that took me totally out of the show was how clean Drogo was. I started laughing when I saw him walk in. He just has this shiny scrubbed look, while all the people in Westeros seem to have accumulated a good layer of dirt. I liked the line of Dothraki riding though the grass, thought the camp scene still looked kind of artificial, and thought that the Dany stuff was about as good as it could be - which isn't IMO as good as the Westeros side of things can be. I'm not that interested in Dany in the books and knowing that her arc is going to just stretch on and on before she interacts with any other POVs is kind of discouraging. I think the actors in her arc are doing a perfectly fine job, but I'm not finding much excitement in it. I felt the exact same way about her chapters in the book as I do about her segments in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 26 April 2011 - 11:29 PM.
295	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-26	I suspect a subconscious motivation Catelyn's insistence that she was the only one who could deliver the dagger to Ned and tell him about the assassination attempt: She desperately misses her husband and wants to see him again, and maybe her daughters as well if possible.Also I'm sure a feeling of helplessness and despair made her desperate to want to do something about the awful situation instead of just sitting around Winterfell.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 26 April 2011 - 11:28 PM.
296	aeoleron9	2011-04-26	As to character development, it is much more complex than "Jaime is a dick"... we know from later books that Jaime deeply resents his own vow and regards joining the Kingsguard as the defining mistake of his life.  Here he see's Jon about to make a similar mistake at about the same age.  In his arrogant and sarcastic manner, Jaime is trying to give Jon some good advice... but he cannot be nice about it, as he loathes the world that so unfairly misjudges him.  When he says "...it's only for life" you just know he is referring to his own vow as much as to Jon's.Having given the scene some additional thought, I think Jon should have gotten in a "Kingslayer" jab to even the score for Jaime's "bastard" remarks -- but then again insults are not his style.Exactly. After a rewatch it was clear the writers wanted to make a link between Jaime's own "elite order" and the Watch. It was a nice touch.
297	VikingLegion	2011-04-27	I had an interesting thought today while mulling over some of the differences between the book and the tv series.  We seem to have split into two factions - Kool Aid drinking HBO apologists who don't mind some hacking in order to make an entertaining show, and Die-Hard purist uberfans incensed at a 0.0001% modification to the source material. 
Consider now a 3rd possibility that could possibly make everyone happy.  Do we know how much influence GRRM has in this production?  He's had extensive meetings with D&D, but does that extend to actual portions of the screenplay rewrite?  Perhaps - and I'm going out on a limb here that may get me lynched - Martin himself regrets some of the decisions he made 15 long years ago?  Perhaps after so much time has elapsed, he's changed his mind on certain lines - like the very divisive "It should have been you" (I know what I'm saying sounds like borderline blasphemy... GRRM can't make a mistake, right?).
Maybe, just maybe, what we're seeing in this "adaptation" is something of a rebuilt, refined ASOIAF - incorporating new elements that Martin wishes he thought of back then - Cersei's speech to Cat, Bran waking up at the exact moment of Lady's death, etc.  This would satisfy both camps - as it's an update of GRRM's work, but has the blessing, nay the insistence of the visionary himself.
If anybody has followed the (pre)production of this show heavily (I did not, I had to distance myself a litle bit from it so I wouldn't explode in anticipation), and has some insight into how heavily involved (or uninvolved) GRRM was with D&D, please let us know.  All I know is that he toured the set and was impressed from a visual perspective, but I don't know what hand he had (if any at all) in the actual screenplay - including what would have to be cut out of necessity, and what would be altered slightly for this vastly different medium and potential audience.
Ok, so maybe this entire line of thinking is a bit loony, I just thought I'd mention it anyway.  For any of us who have ever produced any kind of work of art - be that a story, a poem, a painting, a song - don't you think you could go back 15 years, knowing what you know now, and improve upon the quality of the work while still remaining true to its original spirit?
					
					
							Edited by VikingLegion, 27 April 2011 - 12:08 AM.
298	Kat	2011-04-27	I had an interesting thought today while mulling over some of the differences between the book and the tv series.  We seem to have split into two factions - Kool Aid drinking HBO apologists who don't mind some hacking in order to make an entertaining show, and Die-Hard purist uberfans incensed at a 0.0001% modification to the source material. Consider now a 3rd possibility that could possibly make everyone happy.  Do we know how much influence GRRM has in this production?  He's had extensive meetings with D&D, but does that extend to actual portions of the screenplay rewrite?  Perhaps - and I'm going out on a limb here that may get me lynched - Martin himself regrets some of the decisions he made 15 long years ago?  Perhaps after so much time has elapsed, he's changed his mind on certain lines - like the very divisive "It should have been you" (I know what I'm saying sounds like borderline blasphemy... GRRM can't make a mistake, right?).Maybe, just maybe, what we're seeing in this "adaptation" is something of a rebuilt, refined ASOIAF - incorporating new elements that Martin wishes he thought of back then - Cersei's speech to Cat, Bran waking up at the exact moment of Lady's death, etc.  This would satisfy both camps - as it's an update of GRRM's work, but has the blessing, nay the insistence of the visionary himself.If anybody has followed the (pre)production of this show heavily (I did not, I had to distance myself a litle bit from it so I wouldn't explode in anticipation), and has some insight into how heavily involved (or uninvolved) GRRM was with D&D, please let us know.  All I know is that he toured the set and was impressed from a visual perspective, but I don't know what hand he had (if any at all) in the actual screenplay - including what would have to be cut out of necessity, and what would be altered slightly for this vastly different medium and potential audience.GRRM has said he regrets certain decisions, and he is involved enough in the production of this that I'm sure some of the changes were made with his blessing or even on his suggestion. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />It may help you to read the whole thread, though, and see that not everyone can be neatly split into two parties of TV apologists and TV haters. That's so 10 pages ago. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> In fact, the reason I made polls for this week and last week was to debunk the rumor that everyone who's nitpicking has a negative view of the show overall, because both episodes, so far, have gotten around an 8/10, which I think is pretty good. (And, may I add, it's not a bimodal distribution of haters and kool-aid drinkers, either. Seriously, you seem to like coming into threads and making sweeping generalizations about posters here. Last time, the board was full of puritans. Maybe you can try and ascribe a little more nuance to us next time? 'Cause it's definitely in people's posts.)
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 27 April 2011 - 12:43 AM.
299	Jon of the Wall	2011-04-27	I'm using modern terms to qualify what I'm talking about. Sexy back then might not have meant the same thing, but to us sexy means a certain value.I am not sure what you mean by "back then"?  Could you elaborate?
300	Jon of the Wall	2011-04-27	I"m not sure if it's been discussed already, but I think that Ser Ilyn is a total miscast.  A short, old, funny-looking bald dude is supposed to be the Kings Justice?  That expression he had on his face when Sansa ran into him was comical, not brooding evil liked I'd imagined in the book.  The dude is supposed to be walking Death.  What the hell is up with that?In a show full of poorly cast characters, Ser Ilyn Payne does stand out in stunning relief.  He reminds me of the little fellow Benny Hill always used to slap on the head.EDIT:On a posotive note!  I did learn that I was pronouncing his name correctly all along.
					
					
							Edited by Jon of the Wall, 27 April 2011 - 02:56 AM.
301	DuckEverlasting	2011-04-27	Consider now a 3rd possibility that could possibly make everyone happy.  Do we know how much influence GRRM has in this production?  He's had extensive meetings with D&D, but does that extend to actual portions of the screenplay rewrite?GRRM wrote one of the screenplays (episode 8 I think).  I'd say that counts as influence.  And we know it has his blessing, since he's been very vocal in his support of everything the series has done.Even so, I'd say it's a bit far to suggest that all the lines that were left out, the plots that were streamlined, and the physical characteristics that were tweaked are orders handed down directly by the creator himself.And anyways, like Kat said, I think we're all pretty happy.  Pointing out small details is a good sign; it suggests that for the most part, we're all cool with the larger details.
302	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-27	That scene was much more important than you give credit, especially for non-readers:explains to the audience what the official/historical purpose of The Wall and Night's Watchtells the audience what the common attitude is towards The Wall: it no longer really serves a purpose, and the Night's Watch -- it's members are far from "elite"gives the heads up that serving in the Night's Watch is a life-long vowYes these fact may also be divulged elsewhere, but important points need to be repeated in different ways at different times so the viewer picks up on them.As to character development, it is much more complex than "Jaime is a dick"... we know from later books that Jaime deeply resents his own vow and regards joining the Kingsguard as the defining mistake of his life.  Here he see's Jon about to make a similar mistake at about the same age.  In his arrogant and sarcastic manner, Jaime is trying to give Jon some good advice... but he cannot be nice about it, as he loathes the world that so unfairly misjudges him.  When he says "...it's only for life" you just know he is referring to his own vow as much as to Jon's.Having given the scene some additional thought, I think Jon should have gotten in a "Kingslayer" jab to even the score for Jaime's "bastard" remarks -- but then again insults are not his style.You are correct, and I have failed in my duty. To the penitent cells I go.
303	Balefont	2011-04-27	Consider now a 3rd possibility that could possibly make everyone happy.  Do we know how much influence GRRM has in this production?  He's had extensive meetings with D&D, but does that extend to actual portions of the screenplay rewrite?  Perhaps - and I'm going out on a limb here that may get me lynched - Martin himself regrets some of the decisions he made 15 long years ago?  Perhaps after so much time has elapsed, he's changed his mind on certain lines - like the very divisive "It should have been you" (I know what I'm saying sounds like borderline blasphemy... GRRM can't make a mistake, right?).While, as kat says, GRRM has admitted to some regrets, any character or event alterations can't be more than very subtle at this stage in the game because if they're too much, we'll have the snowball effect in later seasons.  ( < fingers crossed for many later seasons >)  Otherwise it will greatly alter the later seasons of the show from the later book installments.I have to think that these changes, as they have been made, all needed to get past George's approval because there's a chance something that is meant to happen later is predicated on something that happens in the early books.  And only George knows which of these seeds need to stay and which may be tweaked.
304	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-27	In a show full of poorly cast characters, Ser Ilyn Payne does stand out in stunning relief.  Other than Ilyn Payne, who else is poorly cast and why?  I'll admit they might not all "look" exactly like I imagined, but they ACT spot on the personalities. (and the looks are close enough to not matter when the personality shows through)
305	Greywolf2375	2011-04-27	Other than Ilyn Payne, who else is poorly cast and why?  I'll admit they might not all "look" exactly like I imagined, but they ACT spot on the personalities. (and the looks are close enough to not matter when the personality shows through)I know there are qualms about Dinklage's speech patterns, but I've got to agree - I'm not seeing a whole lot of "miscast".  Maybe not "as my minds eye would cast", but I am seeing the characters in the book on screen - not some random shadow of those characters.
306	Dennai	2011-04-27	Having given the scene some additional thought, I think Jon should have gotten in a "Kingslayer" jab to even the score for Jaime's "bastard" remarks -- but then again insults are not his style.More like, suicide is not his style.Jon had no problem to address Tyrion as a dwarf. But calling names to the Queen's brother when you're just a bastard is a different thing altogether. Furthermore, a green boy who've never had swung a sword with killing meaning would think twice before ruffling the feathers of one of the most formidable swordsman around.I think there was a reason why Jon brought up the issue of kingslaying in front of Tyrion instead in front of Jaime.
307	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-27	Am I the only person who thinks the casting of Ilyn Payne was good. Sure, it would be great if he were taller, but next to the Clegane bros everyone is going to look short. I think the actor playing Payne definitely gets across the crazed, seperateness of the character. Perhaps his eyes aren't as dead as they could be, but for new viewers he's going to be perfectly psycho and inhuman.
Or maybe I'm just an HBO apologist. *shrugs*
308	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-27	Am I the only person who thinks the casting of Ilyn Payne was good. Sure, it would be great if he were taller, but next to the Clegane bros everyone is going to look short. I think the actor playing Payne definitely gets across the crazed, seperateness of the character. Perhaps his eyes aren't as dead as they could be, but for new viewers he's going to be perfectly psycho and inhuman.Or maybe I'm just an HBO apologist. *shrugs*I liked him too.  But I am sure I am an HBO apologist.I can seperate the book from the tv show and enjoy each.
309	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-27	I liked him too.  But I am sure I am an HBO apologist.I can seperate the book from the tv show and enjoy each.Yeah, me too. I even really liked both the added scenes: Catelyn/Cersei, Jamie/Jon. I think the writing was wonderful and they carry a great deal of meaning, with enormous subtlety. It was an effective way to humanize both Lannister eviltwins while also foreshadowing what we're going to learn about their characters in the future. It also reinforced Catelyn's role as 'mother' and Jon's place as the idealistic, conflicted kid that he is.
310	Sivek	2011-04-27	I talked to someone who has only watched the first two episodes and not read the books and was not surprised when they asked me about the whole Jon's mother deal.   Nothing strange about that, but the thing that took me by surprise was they asked if Cersei was his mother.  I know, I know, you're probably thinking how could they come to that conclusion but their train of though was actually pretty rational and sound.  Really shows the difference experience a bit.  Here are the points they made to me.
-Ceresi talking to Cat about her first born having dark hair and not surviving.  Friend I talked to took this as having something to do with Jon and that Cersei was aware of how Cat dislikes him and was making some type of subtle jab at her, especially since Cat has no idea about the first born child she was talking about.  Jon's age seems to fit the time period too.
-The scene with Jon and Jaime where Jaime is making sarcastic remarks about the Night's Watch, Jon, etc.  Friend thought Jaime was doing this because Jaime knows that Jon is his sister's child  and doesn't like him because only Jaime should be providing children to his sister.
-Friend also thought it was kind of queer how Tyrion is involved in two lengthy conversations with Jon (during feast, trip to the Wall) that concern his bastardy.  Also figured that Tyrion was accompanying Benjen and Jon to the Wall to get a feel for the type of kid his nephew is.
-Though Ceresi was being very cold and distant during the whole feast at Winterfell when she talked wit Cat.  Figured Ceresi hated Cat since she is Ned's wife.
-Figured the Lady slaying had something to do with making Ned's life miserable for having a child with her and then getting married to another woman.
-Friend also though that since Robert and Ned are so buddy buddy that the combo of Ned, Robert, and Cerseri must have known each before the whole civil war went down.  Something like Robert was to wed Ned's sister, but with his sister dead, he now was to marry Cersei, who was in love with Ned.
As you can see, it does seem kind of plausible.  Just thought it was kind of interesting opinion to notice since the sort of background information the book provides during the same scenes completely eliminates the possibility.  I don't think think stuff like the Dynes/Brandon Stark, the rebellion details, "Promise me Ned" .and so on weren't really mentioned so far, making me think others may have the same line of thinking as my friend   If anything, it shows me that I doubt I can't really gauge the HBO series as a stand-alone production, though I have enjoyed it so far.
One minor disappointment for me was the Tyrion/Jon scene where  Tyrion gives the "Most men would deny a hard truth rather than face it" line to Jon.  I always thought that line gave Jon some maturity about his decision to go to the Wall and accept that guys like Benjen are the exception on the Wall.  I could see the line being brought up at the Tyrion/Jon wrap up scene on the Wall though, after Jon gets a first-hand experience at what being a member of the NW is like.
					
					
							Edited by Sivek, 27 April 2011 - 10:36 AM.
311	VarysTheSpider	2011-04-27	Am I the only person who thinks the casting of Ilyn Payne was good. Sure, it would be great if he were taller, but next to the Clegane bros everyone is going to look short. I think the actor playing Payne definitely gets across the crazed, seperateness of the character. Perhaps his eyes aren't as dead as they could be, but for new viewers he's going to be perfectly psycho and inhuman. Or maybe I'm just an HBO apologist. *shrugs*I have to say that my reaction was completely indifferent and am surprised it's generated so much debate. He really isn't anyone important, his introduction was I think more about getting across some basic information about Aerys, as now they have the main characters established they need to slowly fill in the back story.
					
					
							Edited by VarysTheSpider, 27 April 2011 - 09:18 AM.
312	TheEvilKing	2011-04-27	-Ceresi talking to Cat about her first born having dark hair and not surviving.  Friend I talked to took this as having something to do with Jon and that Cersei was aware of how Cat dislikes him and was making some type of subtle jab at her, especially since Cat has no idea about the first born child she was talking about.  Jon's age seems to fit the time period too.-The scene with Jon and Jaime where Jaime is making sarcastic remarks about the Night's Watch, Jon, etc.  Friend thought Jaime was doing this because Jaime knows that Jon is his sister's child  and doesn't like him because only Jaime should be providing children to his sister.-Friend also thought it was kind of queer how Tyrion is involved in two lengthy conversations with Jon (during feast, trip to the Wall) that concern his bastardy.  Also figured that Tyrion was accompanying Benjen and Jon to the Wall to get a feel for the type of kid his nephew is.-Though Ceresi was being very cold and distant during the whole feast at Winterfell when she talked wit Cat.  Figured Ceresi hated Cat since she is Ned's wife.-Figured the Lady slaying had something to do with making Ned's life miserable for having a child with her and then getting married to another woman.-Friend also though that since Robert and Ned are so buddy buddy that the combo of Ned, Robert, and Cerseri must have known each before the whole civil war went down.  Something like Robert was to wed Ned's sister, but with his sister dead, he now was to marry Cersei, who was in love with Ned.Oh my god. He's solved it. How were we so blind?Seriously though, he's definitely not the only one. Alan Sepinwall mentions it on his blog, too. I think Benioff & Weiss may have made an unforeseen misstep here.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
313	Balefont	2011-04-27	Seriously though, he's definitely not the only one. Alan Sepinwall mentions it on his blog, too. I think Benioff & Weiss may have made an unforeseen misstep here.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Or maybe it was intentional in order to provoke more mystery???
314	Nichole	2011-04-27	Or maybe it was intentional in order to provoke more mystery???I think this is pretty likely. From the link posted earlier, it seems the other theory is that Jon is Cersei and Ned's son. By the reasoning they are using, it could make sense.
315	theMountainGoat	2011-04-27	Am I the only person who thinks the casting of Ilyn Payne was good. Sure, it would be great if he were taller, but next to the Clegane bros everyone is going to look short.Its not his comparison to Sandor that is the problem its the comparison to Sansa who looks taller than him in the shot where Ilyn walks past her and away, but that may have just been the camera angle that was used. That stuck out to me far worse than the facial expressions others have been complaining about.I will be having my second watch through of the episode tonight. I find I can't fully enjoy the episode on my first watch through. Don't get me wrong the series is brilliant and I love it (hell I better do for someone putting in months and months of hard work to organise a fan convention for it /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ), but I can't escape the feeling that some of the changes from book to TV do diminish the experience a little. I know different mediums, different requirements and the complaints I have are small and relatively unimportant things, but they would not take longer to show or cost any extra money. On the second watch through I come to terms with the changes and can get through the episode without shouting at my TV or saying anything to spoil it for my friends who have not read the books so that's a good thing.I do think it would not have been too much trouble to use a name here or there, it seems to me that they have passed up opportunities to do so even where it would have felt natural and right to use a name. For example in the scene where Jon and Robb say their farewell Jon calls him "Stark". It would have felt much better had he used Robb's first name there (I think Robb's name has only been said once in the first episode so far). Also using the surname in that way could make some viewers think that Jon does not like Robb that much which would not be true. In the first episode Theon used "Snow" in a similar way although that was used to characterise him as being a bit of an arse rather than conveying dislike of Jon in particular.Got to agree with opinions that Cersei telling Cat about some dead firstborn child and Cat knowing nothing about it was ridiculous. It is interesting that this has lead to an unintended red herring, but I have also seen many others use the information to correctly guess Joffrey's father. Yes this is an obvious thing but if it had not been mentioned at all many more viewers would not have realised it till Ned does. There will still be some viewers not paying close attention for who it will be a shock. My guess is the "win or die" scene will be at the end of episode 7 and I can't help feeling this will lessen the impact of that wooh-shit moment.I also very much missed the "it should have been you" line. Not because of my opinion for Catelyn, I think she is a great character, and neither because of how it defines the relationship between Cat and Jon (although it does do this far more quickly and effectively than what they replaced it with). I missed the line because it is a dramatic high point. A punch in the gut. A knife in the back. A "I can't believe she just said that" moment. In my opinion you can't have too many of those. Yes she could not have said it with Eddard behind her but he could easily have come through the door two seconds after Jon left. I understand why they used a softer line to get across the same point and the reasons for making Catelyn a more sympathetic character to the viewer. But I don't have to like that choice.ETA: Oh yes just remembered another minor detail that would have been nice to get right, when Doreah is teaching Dany she says the Dothraki take women like dogs (or something like that), would have been good to reinforce the horse culture of the Dothraki by saying the Khal takes women like a stallion takes a mare or something like that. I know minor nitpick.
					
					
							Edited by lordMountainGoat, 27 April 2011 - 10:52 AM.
316	Aganerral	2011-04-27	Am I the only person who thinks the casting of Ilyn Payne was good. Sure, it would be great if he were taller, but next to the Clegane bros everyone is going to look short. I think the actor playing Payne definitely gets across the crazed, seperateness of the character. Perhaps his eyes aren't as dead as they could be, but for new viewers he's going to be perfectly psycho and inhuman.Or maybe I'm just an HBO apologist. *shrugs*I actually don't have a problem with it.  From the books, Sansa is the only one I recall being specifically creeped out by Payne.  Given Sansa's known sensibilities, especially at this point in the series, I could see her being repulsed by anyone who isn't extremely good looking, and by the fact that he's the executioner.  Everyone else just seems to note that Payne is the King's Justice, and don't hang out with him because a) can't talk, and /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> who wants to hang out with someone who kills people for a living?  Maybe Gregor...
317	flyingwind66	2011-04-27	I think people are, overall, happy with the show, but it's really hard to talk about how amazingly happy you are for post after post, and you know people want to get their post count up so they can have a cool-ass custom title eventually. That's what we do it, for, right? /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' /></mod>well according to my account, I've been here since 2007 and I made 2 posts back when I joined and only just started becoming more active as a poster since the show started... so yes, I'm like that /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> also back when I joined I felt like the only one who hadn't read all the books 4 times each and thanks to a particularly boring vacation, I managed just that...A lot of the criticisms I've noticed tend to reflect people's wish lists. People who liked Catelyn's "It should have been you" or Jon and Arya's "Don't tell Sansa!" were naturally a bit disappointed not to see it. Pretty normal. I don't mind Catelyn dropping the "It should have been you" I remember that line being rather jarring the first time I read it and yes, that was the kicker that made me really hate her.  Consequentially, her telling him to just 'get out' and that he'd 'already said his goodbyes' I think made just as big of an impact.  When I saw Ned walk into the room, I knew she wasn't going to say it so *shrugs* meh... I got over it.Arya said "Sansa has her sewing needles, and now I have mine" or something to that effect and while it's not "Don't tell Sansa!" it was pretty effective.  I do wish that they played up Jon and Arya being close a little more but you win some and you lose some and maybe they thought that it might have been misconstrued considering all the other incestuous-ness happeningI watch the episodes with ppl who haven't read the books for the most part and it's nice to see how they see the series. One thing my friend said that sticks out is "I wonder if Joffrey would still be such a bitch if he didn't get owned all the time" /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
318	aeu	2011-04-27	I have a question about Arya's scene at the inn: Do we know any of the people in the background? For eaxample, there is a white cloak next to Cercei and Joff, do we know who that is? There is also the Lannister man who tells Robert that they couldn't find the wolf. Is that suppossed to be Lancel? He does look somewhat like NWC.
319	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-27	From that unspoiled thread that somebody linked to earlier (they are debating Jon's parentage):I sort of hope the show just spills the darned story fairly soon.Cue deranged laughter... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
320	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-27	I do wish that they played up Jon and Arya being close a little more but you win some and you lose some and maybe they thought that it might have been misconstrued considering all the other incestuous-ness happeningI think this is an important point, but I see it from the other side. The novels are framed by parallels and it seems that the show is sort of reflecting that fact. The brother sister relationships that we have seen so far have been twisted - Cersei/Jamie, Viserys/Dany. (I don't include the other young Lannister siblings since they're background characters at this stage; we have seen Tyrion and Cersei interact, and there was serious dislike evident, but we haven't seen them 'paired' as bro and sis). We don't see Arya having conversations with any of her other brothers. She interacts with Bran and Robb, but there's no actual significant dialogue. We only have one scene with Jon and Arya, but it's funny and sweet and you see how special their sibling relationship is. Arya adores him, Jon supports Arya in all that she does (here's a sword, be a warrior!), they banter back and forth, they'll miss each other, and so forth and so on. Their loving relationship is a perfect and notable contrast to the Targ and Lannister brother/sister duos, which are instead warped in a wide variety of ways. It would have been nice to have more evidence of the Jon/Arya, big bro/lil sis thing going on, but given the vast amount of family interactions that had to be depicted in the Stark household, it makes sense that they just really couldn't focus too much on one 'pairing' like you can, e.g., with the Targs.
321	Abaddon	2011-04-27	I do wish that they played up Jon and Arya being close a little more but you win some and you lose some and maybe they thought that it might have been misconstrued considering all the other incestuous-ness happening.Well, they didn't spend a lot of screen time on it, but Arya literally jumps up into Jon's arms and gives him a giant bear hug.  My son likes to hug me that way (well, I'm tall and he's five, so I have to lift him up, but then he does that) so maybe it's more of a personal thing, but this definitely conveyed to me that they have a very close relationship unlike any other among the Stark siblings.
322	alguien	2011-04-27	I don't mind Catelyn dropping the "It should have been you" I remember that line being rather jarring the first time I read it and yes, that was the kicker that made me really hate her.  Consequentially, her telling him to just 'get out' and that he'd 'already said his goodbyes' I think made just as big of an impact.  When I saw Ned walk into the room, I knew she wasn't going to say it so *shrugs* meh... I got over it.Arya said "Sansa has her sewing needles, and now I have mine" or something to that effect and while it's not "Don't tell Sansa!" it was pretty effective.  I do wish that they played up Jon and Arya being close a little more but you win some and you lose some and maybe they thought that it might have been misconstrued considering all the other incestuous-ness happeningI watch the episodes with ppl who haven't read the books for the most part and it's nice to see how they see the series. One thing my friend said that sticks out is "I wonder if Joffrey would still be such a bitch if he didn't get owned all the time" /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Personally, I wasn't bothered by its absence either.  I think the Fairley conveyed the sentiment excellently.  Same with Arya's Needle pronouncement.  I was more talking about how its natural to miss one's favorite bits of the dialog. Fer example, I was sad that Arya didn't say to Joff, "She didn't hurt you, much." but still thought the scene was rather awesome.
323	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-27	Anyone else think Arya looked positively radiant when we're looking up from Joffrey's POV as she was holding Lion's Tooth on Joffrey? I sure hope we get to see Maisie in a few years in Braavos (and after Braavos).
324	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-27	Sorry also had to share this gem from the "nonspoiled" thread that was linked earlier (http://forums.televi...c=3204374&st=60):In the first ep Ned is sitting by a beautiful pond polishing his sword (of course), under a tree that freaked. Me. Out. It has silver white bark, blood red leaves, and a big face in the trunk! What's that about? It seems to be something local and/or Stark, since lady Stark seems freaked out too and says she feels unwelcome there.Priceless perspective on the godswood and the weirwood. Also good to see that the face in the weirwood wasn't too subtle for non-readers.
325	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-27	Anyone else think Arya looked positively radiant when we're looking up from Joffrey's POV as she was holding Lion's Tooth on Joffrey? I sure hope we get to see Maisie in a few years in Braavos (and after Braavos).Yep, I do.
326	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-04-27	If anybody has followed the (pre)production of this show heavily (I did not, I had to distance myself a litle bit from it so I wouldn't explode in anticipation), and has some insight into how heavily involved (or uninvolved) GRRM was with D&D, please let us know.  All I know is that he toured the set and was impressed from a visual perspective, but I don't know what hand he had (if any at all) in the actual screenplay - including what would have to be cut out of necessity, and what would be altered slightly for this vastly different medium and potential audience.GRRM is listed as a co-executive producer in the credits.
327	CryFenril	2011-04-27	I have no problem with Payne's height or appearance - but I do think of him as more cold-blooded, stony, and immovable, not some twitchy wide-eyed maniac about to explode, which is how he comes off here. He seems like a crazed animal on a tight leash, not a calculating, ruthless automaton who does as he's told with no questions asked. 
Between Payne and Clegane, if one were to suddenly go bugshit and start killing for no reason at all, in the books I'd have picked Clegane - but in the series I'd pick Payne.
328	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-27	I have no problem with Payne's height or appearance - but I do think of him as more cold-blooded, stony, and immovable, not some twitchy wide-eyed maniac about to explode, which is how he comes off here. He seems like a crazed animal on a tight leash, not a calculating, ruthless automaton who does as he's told with no questions asked. Between Payne and Clegane, if one were to suddenly go bugshit and start killing for no reason at all, in the books I'd have picked Clegane - but in the series I'd pick Payne.Exactly. Damn, that was a lousy choice for Payne and he also didnt look at all the way I pictured him. That guy was scary, so much that he even scared the Hound? He looked like a 70 year old retired salesman with a severe constipation.The second episode was good, specially the Arya part. She definitaly had the best performance of the episode folowed by Ned and Tyrion. Cercei and Jon were a bit of a let down. The Hound too, I always pictured him as an ironic and darker guy. The guy in the series just looked bored.I also laughed the time she threw the rock at Nymeria, it looked like she just wanted to get rid of her LOL. They didnt develop their relationship that much before that scene.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 27 April 2011 - 04:31 PM.
329	Nichole	2011-04-27	I also laughed the time she threw the rock at Nymeria, it looked like she just wanted to get rid of her LOL. They didnt develop their relationship that much before that scene.I agree that this scene did not really pack the emotional punch for me that I felt it should have. Reading about how she had to throw rocks at Nymeria always made me teary eyed, but the scene just seemed rushed and almost comical to me. But, I think that had to do with time. They just had so much to fit into this episode.
330	Ser_Pounce	2011-04-27	I have no problem with Payne's height or appearance - but I do think of him as more cold-blooded, stony, and immovable, not some twitchy wide-eyed maniac about to explode, which is how he comes off here. He seems like a crazed animal on a tight leash, not a calculating, ruthless automaton who does as he's told with no questions asked. Between Payne and Clegane, if one were to suddenly go bugshit and start killing for no reason at all, in the books I'd have picked Clegane - but in the series I'd pick Payne.LOLIt's not that big a deal, he's at best a second tier character (although he is present a lot).  I do think it was strange that they left in the "he scares me too" line.  I don't think that dude would really "scare" Sandor; he might be concerned that Payne would loose it and start sodomizing chickens or something, but that's different than fear.  The guy looked like he had maybe an inch and 30 lbs on Sansa.OTOH if I were a chicken alone in a dark ally...
331	CryFenril	2011-04-27	If you were a chicken in a dark alley, Arya would smack you over the head and tie you to her belt, then offer to trade you in for a bowl o' brown.
332	Greylander	2011-04-27	Am I the only person who thinks the casting of Ilyn Payne was good. Sure, it would be great if he were taller, but next to the Clegane bros everyone is going to look short. I think the actor playing Payne definitely gets across the crazed, seperateness of the character. Perhaps his eyes aren't as dead as they could be, but for new viewers he's going to be perfectly psycho and inhuman.Or maybe I'm just an HBO apologist. *shrugs*I agree.  I think Ilyn Payne was excellent.  He may not be exactly as described in the books, but can we expect every minor character to be identical?  I imagine Ilyn is likely to have a role ahead that blends in other minor characters.His silent stare and overall demeanor did have a scary quality as it would be seen by a child... but I think his face expressed so much sadness and pain (payne?) that the producers may be intending to play up the fact that he is one of the Mad King's victims, so while he is the "scary executioner", he may also have a sympathetic part to play ahead -- I could easily see him having a role helping Arya or Sansa escape and/or ending up in the BwoB.The way he looked at Sansa, I almost think he wished he could warn her what a douche Joff is.Watch his face in all his scenes.  I think the casting was damned genius, and I'll bet he'll be a more interesting character in the show than in the books.
333	Greylander	2011-04-27	I do think it was strange that they left in the "he scares me too" line.  I don't think that dude would really "scare" Sandor; I think in the show, and probably in the book, "he scares me too" is meant in jest -- partly because the Hound knows that he is the truly scary looking one.  The Hound's only real fear is fire.
334	VikingLegion	2011-04-27	GRRM has said he regrets certain decisions, and he is involved enough in the production of this that I'm sure some of the changes were made with his blessing or even on his suggestion. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />It may help you to read the whole thread, though, and see that not everyone can be neatly split into two parties of TV apologists and TV haters. That's so 10 pages ago. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> In fact, the reason I made polls for this week and last week was to debunk the rumor that everyone who's nitpicking has a negative view of the show overall, because both episodes, so far, have gotten around an 8/10, which I think is pretty good. (And, may I add, it's not a bimodal distribution of haters and kool-aid drinkers, either. Seriously, you seem to like coming into threads and making sweeping generalizations about posters here. Last time, the board was full of puritans. Maybe you can try and ascribe a little more nuance to us next time? 'Cause it's definitely in people's posts.)Interesting to hear he's publically admitted to regretting some decisions.  Thank you, I was not aware of that.  And that was really what I was trying to stress - whether the modifications we've seen were HBO's call or (partially) GRRM's.  I'm not sure if we'll ever know exactly which changes can be ascribed to GRRM and which ones to D&D, but at least knowing he's involved means things can't get changed to the point where it can massively effect the source material (I'm looking at you Legend of the Seeker).  The thought of GRRM using what he's learned in the last 15 years to actually improve upon this masterpiece has me quite excited, though I can certainly understand how any change can make some nervous.  Some people get pretty heavily emotionally invested in stuff like this, and tend to take on a feeling of ownership.
					
					
							Edited by VikingLegion, 27 April 2011 - 06:37 PM.
335	Kalbear	2011-04-27	Interesting to hear he's publically admitted to regretting some decisions. Thank you, I was not aware of that. And that was really what I was trying to stress - whether the modifications we've seen were HBO's call or (partially) GRRM's. I'm not sure if we'll ever know exactly which changes can be ascribed to GRRM and which ones to D&D, but at least knowing he's involved means things can't get changed to the point where it can massively effect the source material (I'm looking at you Legend of the Seeker).Well, one big one that was completely fine with GRRM was aging up everyone. He regrets setting the ages of the kids as what he did because it really screwed up his system for AFFC and ADWD.
336	johnnysd	2011-04-27	Something occurred to me about the series today. They are really hitting on the lineage of Jon really hard and it is a central mystery of the series so far. (Yes, I realize it is in the book too, but I think it is more front and center in the show)
I doubt though that they will take the mystery into season 5 or 6 whenever it is definitively revealed in the books. So I am thinking that there is a good chance that the series actually reveals who Jon's parents are in this season, probably as something the viewers will know but that the characters in the show still do not. It makes sense from a payoff standpoint for the series as well as providing a lit of depth and connection with his character develops throughout the show. 
Think of how poignant his relationship will seem with Maester Aemon if we know for sure who Jon is. Or how people will view Dany, or thr added tragedy of him taking the vows not knowing who he really is.
I really think that the show will "spolierize" Jon Snows lineage this season on the show
337	oneeye	2011-04-27	I don't think so, Ned promised they would talk about it and we all know how that worked out.
338	Kalbear	2011-04-27	Jon's true parentage could be 'spoiled' earlier in the show...but who would do it? Ned's gonna die, Howland Reed isn't even cast yet, and we barely know anything about the backstory to even allow us to spoil anything. 
I think Jon's parentage might be revealed eventually, but I think it's also going to be one of the longstanding mysteries of the show - something that gets built on as things progress but otherwise is not worked on heavily. 
For us, I wouldn't expect to find out anything substantial until Dance, at least - and I don't think Jon would find out the truth until the next book. I'd be shocked if we find out anything more than that in the show.
Put it another way: there would be a revolt if Jon's parentage was revealed on the show before it was in the books. A huge, huge revolt. Since ADWD comes out on 7/12, that means that no matter what, if it were revealed this season it would be before the book.
339	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-27	Put it another way: there would be a revolt if Jon's parentage was revealed on the show before it was in the books. A huge, huge revolt. Since ADWD comes out on 7/12, that means that no matter what, if it were revealed this season it would be before the book.I'll be sharpening my pitchfork and putting pitch on my torches to join this particular rebellion should there be any indication this were to happen. /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' /> /angry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry2:' />
340	TerraPrime	2011-04-27	I really think that the show will "spolierize" Jon Snows lineage this season on the showThis is about as likely as the show spoiling what the motives of the Others are. Jon's identity is inextricably tied to the story about the Others. The big confrontation with the Others is going to be one of the final climaxes in the series. So no, not gonna happen.
341	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-27	There, finally got around to watching it in slo-mo, backwards, forwards, and looking for all the tiny details that please a tiny mind like mine. Plus, it gives me an excuse to talk about this some more. Poor Australian shepherd got a face full of Tyrion's posterior, post-drinking: http://i.imgur.com/qcf71.jpg The Hound used to be Massive Headwound Harry on SNL: http://i.imgur.com/bxbXQ.jpg Ghost, hanging out in his one appearance this episode: http://i.imgur.com/R4M1c.jpg Summer just wants to hug people! http://i.imgur.com/Lt0Gd.png And Nymeria's a boy. A blurry boy due to the motion, but definitely a boy: http://i.imgur.com/pq6Gq.jpgWhen I realized I was staring at Lady's crotch to see if that dog was also male, and was humming to myself "Dude looks like a Lady", I knew it was time to wrap things up.
342	Jon of the Wall	2011-04-27	I agree that this scene did not really pack the emotional punch for me that I felt it should have. Reading about how she had to throw rocks at Nymeria always made me teary eyed, but the scene just seemed rushed and almost comical to me. But, I think that had to do with time. They just had so much to fit into this episode.Mmmmmm Joan.
343	Given	2011-04-27	Absolutely loving the show so far, almost every character has been portrayed perfectly. My favorite scene so far in terms of awesomeness-factor goes is definitely Summer saving Bran and Catelyn, and I know a lot of non-readers are loving the direwolves. So I guess my main gripe so far would be that we haven't seen much of Ghost. I think maybe twice - when they find the wolves and in the zoomed out shot in episode 2 when Tyrion and Jon are camping out on the way to the Wall you see Ghost curled up. Think we're going to see more of Ghost in the coming weeks? Didn't see any of him in the preview for next week. I sure hope so.
344	Triskan	2011-04-27	I have not kept up with the entire thread, so apologies if I regurgitate something that's already been discussed.
I really dislike Cat's "I want you to leave" to Jon.  Can anyone tell me if it's like this in the books?  I've read AGOT twice, but it's been a few years.  It just seems to off.  I know that Cat resents Jon's presence for obvious reasons, but his love of Bran and Arya is plain for all to see.  How could she not appreciate him some more?  Was it this way in the book?  I know I remember that she had some resentment, but I just don't remember that it was that strong as that scene implied.  
Also, I have a man-crush on Robb Stark.  I know that this little item was essential to the quality of the discussion on this board, so you're welcome. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
345	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-27	I have not kept up with the entire thread, so apologies if I regurgitate something that's already been discussed.I really dislike Cat's "I want you to leave" to Jon.  Can anyone tell me if it's like this in the books?  I've read AGOT twice, but it's been a few years.  It just seems to off.  I know that Cat resents Jon's presence for obvious reasons, but his love of Bran and Arya is plain for all to see.  How could she not appreciate him some more?  Was it this way in the book?  I know I remember that she had some resentment, but I just don't remember that it was that strong as that scene implied.  Also, I have a man-crush on Robb Stark.  I know that this little item was essential to the quality of the discussion on this board, so you're welcome. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Well given in the conversation from the book she says it should have been Jon that fell out of a window I think the "I want you to leave" line is quite mild.
346	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-27	The Hound used to be Massive Headwound Harry on SNL: http://i.imgur.com/bxbXQ.jpg

LOL. Good eye.
347	Gertrude	2011-04-27	I've been reading the TWoP thread linked earlier, lots of fun. I am happy to see that lots of people think that Jon is Lyanna's son, but most think it is Robert's that he never knew about, or the late King's. They got Targ, but not the right one (assuming R+L=J, of course). I saw at least one person saying that perhaps Lyanna ran away with the prince willingly, and more than a few thought Ned and Cersei, just as someone mentioned earlier in this thread. Very interesting to read. And it brings the funny too.I mean, winter tends to be a harsh season in primitive times, but I'm  guessing the entire "Winter is coming" portends something more than "so  you'd better take a sweater."  Although that would be pretty excellent. Ned Stark travelling south to spread the gospel of practical knitwear.and ...Oh, and thanks for the thousand of closeups of hot dragon eggs.  Hagrid recommends a pot over a fire though.
					
					
							Edited by Gertrude, 28 April 2011 - 12:36 AM.
348	Jon of the Wall	2011-04-28	Other than Ilyn Payne, who else is poorly cast and why?  I'll admit they might not all "look" exactly like I imagined, but they ACT spot on the personalities. (and the looks are close enough to not matter when the personality shows through)Not everything is about looks.  In fact, most of it is about presence.  Ser Ilyn had none.  He looks like that little fellow Benny Hill used to pat on the head all the time.  He is a joke FFS.I guess only Arya, Tyrion and Eddard are spot on when it comes to presence.  I know that is not ALL due to casting but much of it is.  Then of course you have the Ds totally changing people<U+0092>s characters, presumably their entire arc and possibly their fate.Catelyn was once a pragmatic, noble character.  Now she is a spiteful, nagging, hand-wringing bitch.  She knew that eventually Robert would resent Ned for not taking the position of Hand and subsequently become his enemy and therefore regrettably talked him in to going to King's Landing.  That particular scene foreshadowed her strategic military prowess later on.  How are we to later believe that this pitiful shrew of a woman is capable of doing what she does?Cersei is not supposed to be a sympathetic character.  Most folks here seem glad they humanized her but that is NOT HER.  That is a massive change.  Jamie can be humanized but not Cersei..Costumes, hair color and size can be dismissed as practical changes but changing someone<U+0092>s entire character?  Seems to me there is more going on here than meets the eye. I hope this is not a case of <U+0093>Hollywood Strikes Again<U+0094>.
349	The Dude	2011-04-28	I have not kept up with the entire thread, so apologies if I regurgitate something that's already been discussed.I really dislike Cat's "I want you to leave" to Jon.  Can anyone tell me if it's like this in the books?  I've read AGOT twice, but it's been a few years.  It just seems to off.  I know that Cat resents Jon's presence for obvious reasons, but his love of Bran and Arya is plain for all to see.  How could she not appreciate him some more?  Was it this way in the book?  I know I remember that she had some resentment, but I just don't remember that it was that strong as that scene implied.  What she said in the book was much worse, iirc: "It should have been you"There has been a lot of discussion over the change - I prefer the milder "I want you to leave" for basically the reasons you mentioned.
350	Ahri Adaran	2011-04-28	Catelyn was once a pragmatic, noble character. Now she is a spiteful, nagging, hand-wringing bitch.*blinks*Did you see the same TV show that I did? As far as I could tell, they've softened Catelyn and tries to make her more sympathetic than the book version. What specifically is your opinion based on?
					
					
							Edited by Ahri Adaran, 28 April 2011 - 02:59 AM.
351	smegma	2011-04-28	As far as changes to the character's personality goes, I think this is a deliberate move on D & D's part. I believe that we will see Catelyn, Cersei, and others exhibit a lot of character growth over the course of the show. We know we have at least three seasons of Cat, four plus with Cersei, etc, and if these characters didn't change much to the viewer it would be less interesting because there's no evolution of what we see. It's different in a book, but on tv if the character stays the same from season one episode one to season three episode ten, viewers will get bored. Maybe not bored, but will be less compelled than if they witness it themselves over time. So I imagine we will see Cat exhibit her nobility and strength, her political acumen, etc - it just isn't immediately presented to the viewer. Drogo's more caring side will be shown a few episodes into the series, rather than immediately on the night of their wedding. HBO is well renowned for their character arcs, and it will be something that we will see expressed over time, rather than all up front. 
Could I be wrong about this? Sure. Maybe they just keep the characters a great deal more one-note than what readers would expect, and instead focus on the plot twists only. But I would not be surprised if we get to see glimpses of the other sides of these characters. 
So tired, so if this is rambling, I apologize.
352	theMountainGoat	2011-04-28	I had to laugh while watching the 25 minute special edition of Thronecast which had the Q&A session from the London BAFTA premiere screening a couple of weeks ago. They had Mark Addy, Sean Bean, Harry Lloyd and Gemma Jackson as guests. Keep your eyes and ears open for a question about working with children and animals from our very own Werthead by the way.
The question after Wert's was from someone who asked about Wilko Johnson who plays Ilyn Payne. For those who don't know Wilko is a British guitarist who played in two quirky and unusual British bands: Dr. Feelgood and The Blockheads (that's the late Ian Dury and The Blockheads). Mark Addy then amusingly does an impression of Wilko and tells the audience about how he would say "I don't know why they asked me, I don't know". So clearly he had reservations about the role himself and he is not an actor by trade. In many ways a strange choice.
Thronecast is available via iTunes or the Sky Atlantic website so check it out there.
353	Balefont	2011-04-28	things can't get changed to the point where it can massively effect the source material (I'm looking at you Legend of the Seeker).  Well, let's first be honest about the actual source of the material for Legend of the Seeker.  Shall we introduce our new friend here to the Goodkind threads in our Literature Forum?
354	Cereal Forel	2011-04-28	Jon's parentage is being hit over the head in the first 2 episodes because that's the only time it can be done. It's the only time he's around anyone who would be able to to talk about it. That topic will fall by the wayside very soon I'm sure.
355	TerraPrime	2011-04-28	And Nymeria's a boy. A blurry boy due to the motion, but definitely a boy: http://i.imgur.com/pq6Gq.jpgI applaud HBO's push to include more representation of the trans* community by including a pre-op MTF cast member.
356	Nichole	2011-04-28	Well, let's first be honest about the actual source of the material for Legend of the Seeker.  Shall we introduce our new friend here to the Goodkind threads in our Literature Forum?yesssss.....But really, Legend of the Seeker was meant to be another Xena, not a series based closely on Tairy's books. Luckily, Game of Thrones is staying to true to the books and GRRM's overall vision.
357	NW Deserter	2011-04-28	I'm rewatching some of the ep. 2 scenes and just wanted to comment real quick on the scene where Jon is saying bye to Bran...the music they used here is probably the strongest of the series thus far, very touching.Also...I never thought a little girl could give me nightmares.  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> http://img23.imagesh...15/unledjak.png
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 28 April 2011 - 11:02 AM.
358	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-28	I'm rewatching some of the ep. 2 scenes and just wanted to comment real quick on the scene where Jon is saying bye to Bran...the music they used here is probably the strongest of the series thus far, very touching.Also...I never thought a little girl could give me nightmares.  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> http://img23.imagesh...15/unledjak.pngI am so ganking that image. Heh somehow the way she's holding her mouth makes me expect to see a hint of fang there. That shot has "vampire" written all over it (minus the obvious sunlight on her profile of course). Either way, it screams "badass".  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by GileanTheGrey, 28 April 2011 - 12:19 PM.
359	Cypher	2011-04-28	Quick question on this episode.
I watched it twice and saw no sign of Ghost while Jon was journeying out of Winterfell or at any point along the road.  I guess you can assume he was off hunting or something, but it felt like a glaring hole considering how prominently the other direwolves figured into the story.
Did anyone else wonder where he was?
360	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-28	Quick question on this episode.I watched it twice and saw no sign of Ghost while Jon was journeying out of Winterfell or at any point along the road.  I guess you can assume he was off hunting or something, but it felt like a glaring hole considering how prominently the other direwolves figured into the story.Did anyone else wonder where he was?There was a brief wide angle shot of Ghost lying down in the foreground of the grove of trees where Jon, Tyrion & co made camp on the way to the Wall.  I noticed him right away but a lot of folks haven't.That said, no shots of Ghost accompanying Jon out of Winterfell, which was disappointing.
361	Jojen	2011-04-28	I thought Ep. 2 was pretty solid, aside from Ilyn Payne and not enough direwolf screen time. The scenes with Robert and Ned were great, especially when Robert allows Lady to be killed in Nymeria's place. The look on Ned's face as the king walks out was devastating. His first indication that his old friend has changed over the years, and definitely not for the better. Plus, the cold look that Arya gives to Joffrey was chilling, especially knowing her future path. You do NOT want to mess with that girl!
Jaime's scene with Jon was also pretty effective in suggesting that even the infamous Kingslayer is just like any other man. Seems funny, but it made me think that he wouldn't be able to handle the Wall anywhere near as well as Jon, and I think he knows it. So his gratitude is actually, surprisingly, genuine.
And of course, any and all of Tyrion's scenes were also great, especially the one with him and Jaime. "You wound me, brother. You know how much I love my family." Ha!
362	Insomnium	2011-04-28	There was a brief wide angle shot of Ghost lying down in the foreground of the grove of trees where Jon, Tyrion & co made camp on the way to the Wall.  I noticed him right away but a lot of folks haven't.That said, no shots of Ghost accompanying Jon out of Winterfell, which was disappointing.Definitely missed it. I was on the lookout for it to, since I read the discussion about the episode prior to viewing, and noticed the popular discontent over the lack of screen time. Also, props for your avatar. The Mantle is a great album.
363	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-28	Definitely missed it. I was on the lookout for it to, since I read the discussion about the episode prior to viewing, and noticed the popular discontent over the lack of screen time.Interesting.  He sort of blends in with the scenery (ghost-like, in that regard) but he's certainly there. Also, props for your avatar. The Mantle is a great album.It's a brooding, somber, majestic masterpiece.  Eight years after first hearing it I still zone out to it at least a few times a week.
364	Kat	2011-04-28	Definitely missed it. I was on the lookout for it to, since I read the discussion about the episode prior to viewing, and noticed the popular discontent over the lack of screen time. Also, props for your avatar. The Mantle is a great album.I watched this scene several times looking for Ghost. He sure does blend in like a ghost. Or, in this case, a snowdrift.
365	Mazikeen	2011-04-28	Not happy about Tyrion waking up in the kennels instead of spending the night in the library. Perhaps it's part of the different direction they're giving the character in the show, but for me it just doesn't add up with book Tyrion's sense of dignity and self-respect. Yes, he drinks and he gets drunk, but not to the point of passing out in the doghouse and subjecting himself to even more ridicule. And Jon's question later about why he reads so much makes less sense when we only see Tyrion once with a book in his hand.A little disappointed about the Dothraki costumes - where are the painted vests?After watching the episode a second time, I understand better the reason for the Jaimie/Jon scene - it gives some background on the Night's Watch for non-readers.What I liked (and wasn't talked to death about by other) * "I cannot abide the wailing of women" - that line was perfectly delivered, with a forced nonchalance, as Joffrey turns to the Hound for approval. "We manly men, lol, women weak" *nudge nudge* *SLAP* * "I want *you* to leave" - the entire scene was just excellent. I am glad that "It should have been you" turned into this. * Benjen's Stark change after they leave Winterfell. No more smiling and laughing, Night's Watch is srs bsnss. * The Doreah/Dany scene - the way Dany shows a little boldness, but backs up afterwards, as if scared by her own daring. Some pretty nuanced character development going on with her, I hope it continues. * The look on Drogo's face when Dany shows him new tricks - "You want what now? Hm, hold on... ok, this isn't so bad after all".The changes to Catelyn and Cersei are... intriguing. I am probably one of the few who liked book Cat (she is one of my favourite characters), I'll be interested to see how this Cat evolves through the series. Overall, I am very impressed with the series so far, mad props to most of the actors. Looking forward to see more colourful costumes (hopefully) once we reach King's Landing. Also, direwolves. =^.^=
366	Huan	2011-04-28	* "I cannot abide the wailing of women" - that line was perfectly delivered, with a forced nonchalance, as Joffrey turns to the Hound for approval. "We manly men, lol, women weak" *nudge nudge* *SLAP*Yes, and I liked the Hound's impassive face, like he couldn't care less what Joffrey had just said. For that matter, he actually couldn't care less. Poor Joffrey is desperate for a father figure to approve of him, and all he gets is mortification from Robert later on in the episode.
367	thorny throne	2011-04-29	Ohhh, this reminds me. When Robert berates him about 'letting this little girl DISARM YOU'
Um, I can't recall exactly how it worked in the book, but in the show, he had Arya on the floor with the pointy end to her neck, before a mean direwolf interfered. So, Joff was never disarmed by Arya, and yet he never protested... oh, however, his excuse was that he was beaten with sticks by Arya and the butcher boy, so I guess he couldn;t correct Robert.
368	TheEvilKing	2011-04-29	That particular scene foreshadowed her strategic military prowess later on.  How are we to later believe that this pitiful shrew of a woman is capable of doing what she does?This made me chuckle. "Here, give half your army to Roose Bolton, you can trust him! Oh and I've arranged for you to marry a Frey using my elite negotiation techniques. Now excuse me while I go visit our prisoner..."But I guess in a way, you're right. This version of Catelyn is missing her arrogant self-righteousness which blinds her when it comes to the politics of war later on.
369	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-29	This made me chuckle. "Here, give half your army to Roose Bolton, you can trust him! Oh and I've arranged for you to marry a Frey using my elite negotiation techniques. Now excuse me while I go visit our prisoner..."But I guess in a way, you're right. This version of Catelyn is missing her arrogant self-righteousness which blinds her when it comes to the politics of war later on.I don't think she's particularly self-righteous when she's advising Robb. She is constantly thinking that she needs to be strong for Robb and wishes that she had Ned to lean on, plus that she's blaming herself for a lot of things. She makes sure to not undermine Robb, or try to erode his confidence, so she's clearly acting out of what she thinks is best for him, rather than any vain goals for herself. And it's hardly self-righteous to be advising Robb because she clearly does know more than he. He tries to be like Ned but he's too inexperienced.That said I agree that she's hardly being portrayed as a military genius so there's not much that needs to be built up there. Ergo I do not agree with the other poster.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 29 April 2011 - 09:50 AM.
370	TerraPrime	2011-04-29	This made me chuckle. "Here, give half your army to Roose Bolton, you can trust him! Oh and I've arranged for you to marry a Frey using my elite negotiation techniques. Now excuse me while I go visit our prisoner..."But I guess in a way, you're right. This version of Catelyn is missing her arrogant self-righteousness which blinds her when it comes to the politics of war later on.But of course, you forgot to mention that Cat is right with striking an alliance with the Freys. She's also the one to demand the guest rights of bread and salt. You cannot fault her for the depravity of the Freys. You'd also have to remember that the alliance would have worked if Robb had stuck to his words and kept his pants buttoned up. So yeah, typical Cat-hate.
371	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-29	Ohhh, this reminds me. When Robert berates him about 'letting this little girl DISARM YOU'Um, I can't recall exactly how it worked in the book, but in the show, he had Arya on the floor with the pointy end to her neck, before a mean direwolf interfered. So, Joff was never disarmed by Arya, and yet he never protested... oh, however, his excuse was that he was beaten with sticks by Arya and the butcher boy, so I guess he couldn;t correct Robert.Yeah, what could he really say as a comeback to that?  Any response would just be another weak excuse at that point.  I don't remember the specifics of the Arya/Joff/Nymeria "fight" in AGOT but Robert's line was delivered by Renly in the book, who along with Barristan Selmy had traveled up to meet the Royal procession and escort them back to KL.  I approved of the change since Renly's delivery was more of a mocking jest whereas Robert's was appropriately derisive and humiliating.  My take is that it showed the audience in no uncertain terms the depths of Robert's disappointment that Joff is a spoiled, whiny mama's boy rather than a fierce and strong young man like he was in his youth.
372	TheEvilKing	2011-04-29	So yeah, typical Cat-hate.Whatever, I have nothing against cats. I much prefer them to dogs.In all seriousness, I just thought the post I was quoting was ridiculous. I don't hate Cat but I feel she made poor decisions (like every damn POV character!). Well-intentioned, but she played her part in costing House Start the North by misguiding Robb.But anyway. There's other threads for this debate. As I said, the post I quoted was simply utter tripe and I had to bring doom upon it.
373	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-29	Whatever, I have nothing against cats. I much prefer them to dogs.In all seriousness, I just thought the post I was quoting was ridiculous. I don't hate Cat but I feel she made poor decisions (like every damn POV character!). Well-intentioned, but she played her part in costing House Start the North by misguiding Robb.But anyway. There's other threads for this debate. As I said, the post I quoted was simply utter tripe and I had to bring doom upon it.The post you quoted, I had read as sarcasm. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
374	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-29	Whatever, I have nothing against cats. I much prefer them to dogs.In all seriousness, I just thought the post I was quoting was ridiculous. I don't hate Cat but I feel she made poor decisions (like every damn POV character!). Well-intentioned, but she played her part in costing House Start the North by misguiding Robb.But anyway. There's other threads for this debate. As I said, the post I quoted was simply utter tripe and I had to bring doom upon it.Im re-reading the book. As far as someone who fucks things up it has to be Ned. I just read the chapter where he sends Beric to find and kill Gregor and he refuses to let Ser Loras Tyrell go against the Lannisters. Not to mention all the affairs with Cersei and the way he refused Renlys help when the shit hit the fan. The guy wasnt fit to be a leader nor a politician.
375	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-29	Im re-reading the book. As far as someone who fucks things up it has to be Ned. I just read the chapter where he sends Beric to find and kill Gregor and he refuses to let Ser Loras Tyrell go against the Lannisters. Not to mention all the affairs with Cersei and the way he refused Renlys help when the shit hit the fan. The guy wasnt fit to be a leader nor a politician.I just finished re-reading, and yes, New comes across as incredibly stupid at many points.But I think it foes too far to say he isn't fit to be a leader, he just isn't fit to be a "Game of Thrones" player (I guess what you would call a politician).I think he seemed to do very well when he doesn't have to worry about duplicity (fighting a war, running his house).But yeah, at the end of aGOT, not only are his decisions stupid, they aren't necessarily any more honorable than his alternatives.There is nothing dishonorable about not warning Cersei that you are onto her secret (though I guess it is honorable to warn her).There is nothing dishonorable about accepting Renly's swords when offered and moving to secure the throne for his rightful king (Stannis) and there is nothing honorable about waiting.  He also turns down Renly, which would not be dishonorable, but then turns around and tries to buy the Gold Cloaks, an at least partially dishonorable act?Also, why wait so many days to send Arya and Sansa home?  It is like a week of preparing the ship to sail.  He was all set to leave before he got attacked, and was still set on sending the girls after Robert told him to remain his hand.  Why wait the entire time that Robert is hunting to send them on their way?In short, Ned had AMPLE opportunities to beat Cersei and avert the entire Wot5K.  Instead he turned down every opportunity for either slightly more or no more honorable options.This probably should go in some thread discussing Ned's stupidity, but it really gets me going whenever I think about it.
376	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-29	I just finished re-reading, and yes, New comes across as incredibly stupid at many points.But I think it foes too far to say he isn't fit to be a leader, he just isn't fit to be a "Game of Thrones" player (I guess what you would call a politician).I think he seemed to do very well when he doesn't have to worry about duplicity (fighting a war, running his house).But yeah, at the end of aGOT, not only are his decisions stupid, they aren't necessarily any more honorable than his alternatives.There is nothing dishonorable about not warning Cersei that you are onto her secret (though I guess it is honorable to warn her).There is nothing dishonorable about accepting Renly's swords when offered and moving to secure the throne for his rightful king (Stannis) and there is nothing honorable about waiting.  He also turns down Renly, which would not be dishonorable, but then turns around and tries to buy the Gold Cloaks, an at least partially dishonorable act?Also, why wait so many days to send Arya and Sansa home?  It is like a week of preparing the ship to sail.  He was all set to leave before he got attacked, and was still set on sending the girls after Robert told him to remain his hand.  Why wait the entire time that Robert is hunting to send them on their way?In short, Ned had AMPLE opportunities to beat Cersei and avert the entire Wot5K.  Instead he turned down every opportunity for either slightly more or no more honorable options.This probably should go in some thread discussing Ned's stupidity, but it really gets me going whenever I think about it.I'd say it's very honorable to wait until the king actually dies before you start cleaning up after him and disrespectful to not give the king that courtesy. Ned's actions are perfectly logical for how he's been raised to be, it's just not what works in an environment where you can't trust anyone.
377	Kat	2011-04-29	But of course, you forgot to mention that Cat is right with striking an alliance with the Freys. She's also the one to demand the guest rights of bread and salt. You cannot fault her for the depravity of the Freys. You'd also have to remember that the alliance would have worked if Robb had stuck to his words and kept his pants buttoned up. So yeah, typical Cat-hate.Indeed. And re: Bolton, if Robb can't trust his own bannermen, who can he trust? Most people would turn to family as the most trustworthy, but the only relatively useful male family member Robb has is the Blackfish. Edmure has to defend Riverrun and everyone else is too young to lead an army. The only thing you can really say as to why Roose Bolton shouldn't be given leadership is that he's sort of creepy. Not sure Catelyn, either in book or TV form, should be blasted for not being psychic in a way to know that her family's bannerman and Robb's bannerman would backstab their alliance.
378	Huan	2011-04-29	Indeed. And re: Bolton, if Robb can't trust his own bannermen, who can he trust? Most people would turn to family as the most trustworthy, but the only relatively useful male family member Robb has is the Blackfish. Edmure has to defend Riverrun and everyone else is too young to lead an army. The only thing you can really say as to why Roose Bolton shouldn't be given leadership is that he's sort of creepy. Not sure Catelyn, either in book or TV form, should be blasted for not being psychic in a way to know that her family's bannerman and Robb's bannerman would backstab their alliance.Robb chooses Roose Bolton for the very trait that is used against him:Robb: "So I don't want someone fearless, do I?"Catelyn: "No. You want cold cunning, I should think, not courage.""Roose Bolton," Robb said at once. "That man scares me."
379	Mjolnir	2011-04-30	I just got my chance to watch The Kingsroad, and maybe this belongs in a thread about the arc of the books but it applies just as much to the show and it was the show that really made me feel it again: What do you think the purpose of the incident with the wolves and Mycah by the river is, structurally? For the overall arc of the story, I mean. Most obviously, of course, it outlines the unfairness and totality of the class divides in so far as the Lannisters can do whatever to the butcher's boy, and establishes Robert as basically useless. But it does something else too, for me.
In later books -- and presumably episodes, if we get there or they move it up -- we're going to learn to sympathize with the Lannisters who're villains here. We're going to feel how much Cersei loves her children, and how she fears for them. We're going to learn how much she'll do as long as there's something in it for her, and come to relate to that, in a way, since her society screws her so much. But I think putting this scene -- in which she demands that Lady be killed, just so the Stark girls can be punished and she can come out having given pain, seemingly -- before all that moral relativism is supposed to give us a reference point. I think we're supposed to remember Cersei fucking the Starks over here. Because. She. Could. And for no other reason.
We talk justifiably about how GRRM's stories are morally grey a lot, but in the original and as HBO's framed it this crucial sequence isn't morally grey at all. Sorry, this is all pretty obvious I know. But the way the show put the scene together -- very tense, agonizing to watch -- brought home to me again the moral injustices that the War of the Five Kings launches off of, which are things I don't tend to think about so much post-Feast. I was surprised by how clearly good and evil were drawn here.
					
					
							Edited by Mjolnir, 30 April 2011 - 12:01 AM.
380	Eponine	2011-04-30	I don't think that Renly gets enough credit. The support he offered Ned was probably the best that Ned could hope for, given his previous mistakes. At that point, I believe that Renly really would have backed Ned as Lord Protector. He's one of the few people who hasn't given Ned any reason to distrust him - the only conflict they have is that Renly thinks that Dany and Viserys should be killed, but that isn't a shocking viewpoint coming from the brother of the new king. Otherwise, even though he's somewhat sarcastic, Renly appears to be straightforward with Ned when they're on the council and isn't shown lying to him or manipulating him. Following Renly's plan would probably have been the smartest thing Ned could have done by that time.
Possibly Catelyn will lose a lot of sympathy during the ordeal with Tyrion if a lot of people already like his character. I don't think that she was a stupid adviser to Robb in most things - it's not as if they had unlimited options and information. But there's pretty much no way that taking Tyrion wasn't idiotic - in fact I just noticed during a reread that she explicitly thinks in her POV before Tyrion's trial that "Lysa had named Cersei in the letter she had set to Winterfell...". Anyway, there was only one highly unlikely possible good outcome - that Tyrion would confess everything in front of witnesses - and every other outcome was bad - that no one would support her in the inn, that they would be killed on the high road, it's hard to believe that she had no idea what kind of person her sister was, that Tyrion was innocent, that it would create trouble for Ned in KL, that it would start a civil war with the Lannisters... Yeah, so there was a small chance that Bran would receive justice vs. a good chance that it would create trouble for the entire kingdom - stupid choice.
381	smegma	2011-04-30	I don't think that Renly gets enough credit. The support he offered Ned was probably the best that Ned could hope for, given his previous mistakes. At that point, I believe that Renly really would have backed Ned as Lord Protector. He's one of the few people who hasn't given Ned any reason to distrust him - the only conflict they have is that Renly thinks that Dany and Viserys should be killed, but that isn't a shocking viewpoint coming from the brother of the new king. Otherwise, even though he's somewhat sarcastic, Renly appears to be straightforward with Ned when they're on the council and isn't shown lying to him or manipulating him. Following Renly's plan would probably have been the smartest thing Ned could have done by that time.I couldn't agree more. I was just thinking about Renly earlier in the character thread. He is by far my favorite character that dies fairly quickly. He's one of the few people in King's Landing that could be trusted. He tries to do the right thing, given realistic constraints. It's been a while since my last re-read but didn't Catelyn even think that he "would make a great king". Someone thought it, anyway. Yes, he isn't opposed to the assassination attempts, but I think it could be construed that he believed their deaths would prevent a war where thousands could die. He was a straight-shooter, even if his claim on the crown wasn't "legal". I always get so mad when he gets killed.
382	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-30	I just got my chance to watch The Kingsroad, and maybe this belongs in a thread about the arc of the books but it applies just as much to the show and it was the show that really made me feel it again: What do you think the purpose of the incident with the wolves and Mycah by the river is, structurally? For the overall arc of the story, I mean. Most obviously, of course, it outlines the unfairness and totality of the class divides in so far as the Lannisters can do whatever to the butcher's boy, and establishes Robert as basically useless. But it does something else too, for me.On a more practical note, I'm assuming GRRM had to find a way to keep the direwolves out of Kings Landing because, seriously, what was Ned thinking? Were the wolves just going to live in the stables or something, right in the middle of a huge city? Logically they should have left the wolves at Winterfell, since everyone was always going on about how dangerous they are. They were going to grow to the size of horses FFS - how would the city dwellers be okay with that? Maybe this was one other way that Ned was incredibly stupid.As for Cersei, her son (and future king) had just been totally humiliated and shamed. It doesn't seem out-of-character to me that she would act vindictively and feel that it was necessary to remind the Starks just who has the real power. She sees them as interlopers, so it must appear to her that she has to punish them in any way possible. Additionally, if Cersei planned on manipulating and controlling her son's fiancee in the future, killing the direwolf now would also be getting rid of anything in which Sansa might find solace, making her more vulnerable to Cersei's wiles. I also don't think it's unreasonable for Cersei to be scared shitless by direwolves now, and want them all dead regardless.
383	Kaitscralt	2011-04-30	Am I the only person who thinks the casting of Ilyn Payne was good. Sure, it would be great if he were taller, but next to the Clegane bros everyone is going to look short. I think the actor playing Payne definitely gets across the crazed, seperateness of the character. Perhaps his eyes aren't as dead as they could be, but for new viewers he's going to be perfectly psycho and inhuman.Or maybe I'm just an HBO apologist. *shrugs*I've loved the casting for every character except Ilyn Payne. But it's only a passing dislike, I'll get over it. The way the guy was like twitching just made us laugh at my house.
384	denstorebog	2011-04-30	Can't believe it took me three viewings of The Kingsroad to realize that the image of Cat holding up bloody hands after the attack on Bran is a wink-wink-nudge.
Also, I wonder if Arya throwing Joff's sword in the river was specifically inserted like that (sorta dwelt upon) is a reference to her throwing stuff in the canals of Braavos in AFFC.
385	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-04-30	I too missed Renly and Barristan in this episode
386	GoTreviews	2011-05-01	I liked Ilyn. His face strikes just like Henry Rollins' in SoA... he looks so psycho, you really get a "oooh, that's one mean SOB" moment. But I'd agree, he lacks something of a presence... maybe they just wanted to stress the "psycho side" for his first apparition?While I'm at it: my thoughts on the last episodes. I'm not sure why it felt important to discuss "sexism" in GoT at the beginning of the week but, hey, well, here it is. Maybe I saw one too many article calling the show sexist and felt I had to do something about it.Hope you'll find it interesting, even if I doubt there's anyone on this board that needs to be convinced on that matter /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
387	wolverine	2011-05-01	On a more practical note, I'm assuming GRRM had to find a way to keep the direwolves out of Kings Landing because, seriously, what was Ned thinking? Were the wolves just going to live in the stables or something, right in the middle of a huge city? Logically they should have left the wolves at Winterfell, since everyone was always going on about how dangerous they are. They were going to grow to the size of horses FFS - how would the city dwellers be okay with that? Maybe this was one other way that Ned was incredibly stupid.Right, I am sure no one in King's landing has a dog.  I doubt there are thousands of horses stabled there, which is probably a more difficult animal to take care of.  As intelligent and easily trained as the direwolves are I see very little reason why they could not live in a medeival city.  I think their size may be exagerated a little, is Ghost really as big as a horse?
388	Jon of the Wall	2011-05-02	Not happy about Tyrion waking up in the kennels instead of spending the night in the library. Perhaps it's part of the different direction they're giving the character in the show, but for me it just doesn't add up with book Tyrion's sense of dignity and self-respect. Yes, he drinks and he gets drunk, but not to the point of passing out in the doghouse and subjecting himself to even more ridicule. And Jon's question later about why he reads so much makes less sense when we only see Tyrion once with a book in his hand.I agree with the Tyrion issue.  For the life of me I cannot figure why GRRM would allow them to change characters into the exact opposite of what they were in the book.  Cersei and Catelyn are another two examples."I want *you* to leave" - the entire scene was just excellent. I am glad that "It should have been you" turned into this.As far as this goes.  It saddens me that we are such a limp-noodled bunch of hand-wringers anymore that we need such a great line like "It should have been you" tamed down into something as weak as "I want you to leave".  Really?  If this keeps up the Red Wedding is going to be nothing more than someone spilling ketchup on themselves.  If the D's keep going like they are they will kill this show.
389	DragonAge93	2011-05-02	I don't understand all the anger at changes made. I'm sure it's been said, and not to sound like a broken record, but with book-to-film/television, things need to be changed. With a book, you can take as long as you need to describe a character and his or her actions, whilst in a film adaption, you only have a set time and sometimes need to cut down on things, or rework them entirely. I've read the books, and I don't mind the changes. If you don't want Tyrion waking up in a kennel or Cersei being more sympathetic, just open up AGoT and read it.
Also, am I the only who is dying for a track of the music at the end of the episode to be released? The score is so haunting and beautiful.
390	Jon of the Wall	2011-05-04	I don't understand all the anger at changes made. I'm sure it's been said, and not to sound like a broken record, but with book-to-film/television, things need to be changed. With a book, you can take as long as you need to describe a character and his or her actions, whilst in a film adaption, you only have a set time and sometimes need to cut down on things, or rework them entirely. I've read the books, and I don't mind the changes. If you don't want Tyrion waking up in a kennel or Cersei being more sympathetic, just open up AGoT and read it.No anger here.  Just a questioning attitude.What I do not understand is that so many people will just sit back and quietly accept ANY change made.  I know there is nothing that we can do about it but it does not hurt to point it out.Making Cersei into a tragic figure is really no big deal?  Changing her entire character bothers you not?  Making a character's basic qualities completely different than the book has nothing to do with time constraints.  It is an attempt to meet some Hollywood standard.  Making Tyrion lie down with dogs like a drunken hobo is no big deal?  Trying to make the audience feel a way about a character other than what the book author intended is not done for time constraints.  If Robb stubs his toe at the Red Wedding, consummates his marriage and lives to fight another day I have little doubt you and the rest will be in here with the same tired old <U+0093>time constraints<U+0094> excuse.  GRRM got a lot of money to allow his creation to be taken over reworked by someone else so he at least has an excuse for it.
391	tybeechris	2011-05-04	Watching episode 2 (again). This time it actually made me cry as the Starks all say goodbye in Winterfell. I want to yell, "No, don't go, don't do it." Jon will never hug Arya again, so many "never agains" in the future. Rather than compete with the novels, for me this is all adding another sensory level of attachment to the characters.
392	tybeechris	2011-05-04	No anger here.  Just a questioning attitude.What I do not understand is that so many people will just sit back and quietly accept ANY change made.  I know there is nothing that we can do about it but it does not hurt to point it out.Making Cersei into a tragic figure is really no big deal?  Changing her entire character bothers you not?  Making a character's basic qualities completely different than the book has nothing to do with time constraints.  It is an attempt to meet some Hollywood standard.  Making Tyrion lie down with dogs like a drunken hobo is no big deal?  Trying to make the audience feel a way about a character other than what the book author intended is not done for time constraints.  If Robb stubs his toe at the Red Wedding, consummates his marriage and lives to fight another day I have little doubt you and the rest will be in here with the same tired old <U+0093>time constraints<U+0094> excuse.  GRRM got a lot of money to allow his creation to be taken over reworked by someone else so he at least has an excuse for it.Agree to some point but I don't think they made Cersei more sympathetic (at least not to the discerning viewer). They made it clear she obviously wants Bran very dead. Her tears might have sounded sincere to Cat but I think her desire for Bran's death makes her tears very suspicious. I think the whole scene with Cat was just a ploy to stop talk just in case dark vs. blond hair comes up later and the viewers will catch that.  She's good, she's very, very good.
393	Starkess	2011-05-04	Watching episode 2 (again). This time it actually made me cry as the Starks all say goodbye in Winterfell. I want to yell, "No, don't go, don't do it." Jon will never hug Arya again, so many "never agains" in the future. Rather than compete with the novels, for me this is all adding another sensory level of attachment to the characters.It's not too late!
394	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-05	It's not too late!I really hope Arya is headed back to Westeros by the end of Dance. Or you know... ever. /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
395	GoTreviews	2011-05-06	Glad to see I'm not the only one eager to see Arya return to... well, pretty much anyone, or anywhere, at this point /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
396	RSasoiaf	2011-05-08	On episode 2 /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Still LOVING IT!!! WELL DONE!!! KEEP UP
on what people are talking about
- Tyrion waking up where he does is totally off book Tyrion....hopefully he seems to be going more in the right direction after that. The show character is still a very good one so i dont complain. Its highly enjoyable to watch him, even if its not the same Tyrion. Maybe he will become book Tyrion soon....im hopping we get Shae as soon as possible to see if that will place Tyrion more on track with the book.
- Cersei scene with Cat: no real problem here. That scene screams suspicious loud and clear. And its a kind of scheemming still in line with book 1 Cersei. I think theres no doubt for anyone she wants Bran dead so everything she says on that scene needs to be taken with a fair grain of salt as she is obviouly up to something.
- Cat "wish it would have been you": dont miss it! this is not book Cat to start with and this Cat is a lot more sound over Brans situation. Also this Cat doesnt have such a strong self awareness as a High born lady. Makes sense she will not go so over the top reggarding John.....altough its odd that she could and actually kept him away from the banquet (that move would be more like book Cat).
- Tyrion/John: Welcome aboard book Tyrion! Nice to see you arriving. Tyrion starts to look more like Tyrion, even if the bond with John is not so well portraied as in the book, but its still good enough.
- Cat going CSI: against the book but i can buy into it. Doesnt feel wrong. It actually feels like something book Cat could also do, problem being only that she was still too distressed to think on it at this point. But if this Cat is more sound minded, then its ok she goes more into trying to invesigate and find something.
- Danny/Drogo relationship growing: Welcome Danny!!!! missed you /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Altough i felt really sorry for 1st episode Danny, i enjoy a lot more this one /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> welcome!!!
- Joffrey: Am i the only one who thinks he is also being a bit over the top? come on....i know he is a jerk....but still, he is trainned to be a warrior and he is tall and strong....i just dont see book Joffrey begging like that to Arya and crying like that. I had the feelling he was a total jerk but not a sissy.....still, it was even more fun to see him get slapped and im looking forward to seing him go away in style (or not really). 
- Renly missing: No problem! would have been fun to have him around but i understand it better to keep him for latter.
397	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-10	When I watched this episode, I chuckled and applauded the people behind the show for that bit of foreshadowing where Jaime said something to the effect of he'd rather be dead than crippled.  But I just reread that scene in the book--and saw that he'd said pretty much the exact same thing there.  Kudos, GRRM.   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
398	Huan	2011-05-10	When I watched this episode, I chuckled and applauded the people behind the show for that bit of foreshadowing where Jaime said something to the effect of he'd rather be dead than crippled.  But I just reread that scene in the book--and saw that he'd said pretty much the exact same thing there.  Kudos, GRRM.   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />That reminds me of a Youtube video about crippled Jaime . Short and to the point.
399	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-11	That reminds me of a Youtube video about crippled Jaime . Short and to the point.Oh, that's great! LMAO! /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
400	Tyrion Lannister	2011-05-11	That reminds me of a Youtube video about crippled Jaime . Short and to the point.Yeah, I remember GRRM linking to that video in his blog a while back.  Good stuff.   /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
401	Distorted Humor	2012-05-18	Funny enough, The wolves bit with Lady being killed is more emotionally draining for me then many of the human characters getting killed.
402	DireNorthWolf	2014-10-01	The subtlety of Benjen riding away while Ned and Jon talk has always disturbed me. If Benjen knows the truth of Jon's parentage (who better to confide in than a man with no interest?) then that information could be used against Jon after he is turned to a wight/Other.
403	leothedothmacki	2013-09-04	Hi guys, this is my first post, so be gentle!
I'm a huge fan of Ramin Djawadi and his compositions and I have spent a lot of time listening to the soundtracks which accompany this TV show. However, I can't for the life of me find which song is playing as Ned slits Lady the Direwolf's throat and then cuts to Bran waking up. If anyone could let me know which song that is, I'd really appreciate it!
Also, on a side note, I was confused whether to put 'TV spoilers' or 'No Spoilers' on this post - does spoiling something in this episode count as a spoiler?
Thanks all!
404	coalstrawbean	2012-02-03	This episode featured a scene that wasn't in the novel with Jaime having a conversation with Jon. Does anyone else feel like these two characters will meet again somewhere down the line in future episodes/books? The showrunners had a tight ten hours to work with and I can't imagine them adding new scenes frivolously. Though it may have just been a treat to the fans who haven't seen these two beloved characters interact in the books. Jaime was acting like a smug jerk/creep towards Jon and I feel like eventually Jon might put him in his place somehow. Thoughts?
405	jons nissa	2012-07-14	i have wondered why this scene was included. it didn't do much for the either character's story line.
406	Hear me Meow	2012-07-14	I liked it!
Well sort of.
It played into the theme about oaths and honour, with Jaime's description of the NW paralleling his own experience in the kingsguard.
Shame Jon looked so thick throughout the whole thing but that's the perennial.
407	Masamune	2012-07-15	Like most of the embellishments in S1, this was one that I enjoyed.
I love the awkward mano y mano moment and Jaime's rather sarcastic quip about the Night's Watch being an "elite force", which is entirely lost on Jon at this point.
408	Baratheon Badassery	2012-07-16	It's alllllllllllllllll about character Development, Every Bit. Every Single Bit of added  dialogue, Every made up scene. Because In the world Of screen writing they have to add stuff in to show off a character.
409	Hear me Meow	2012-07-16	It's alllllllllllllllll about character Development, Every Bit. Every Single Bit of added  dialogue, Every made up scene. Because In the world Of screen writing they have to add stuff in to show off a character.Take it you didn't watch season 2 then?
410	Baratheon Badassery	2012-07-17	Take it you didn't watch season 2 then?T_T
411	Zerrex	2012-07-28	They probably just wanted to establish Jaime more as a character. Including a major character like Jon doesn't hurt either. If I recall correctly Jaime has a ridiculously low amount of screen time in S1/S2 so they probably thought it required to familiarize everyone with him.
412	StannisandDaeny	2012-07-10	Who ever said Ned Stark doesn't have a sense of humour?
*Ned and Robert are sitting down, talking about whores*
Robert: "What was her name again? Your bastard's mother..." *tries to think grabs forehead in pain*
Ned: "Wylla."
Robert: "You never told me what she looked like."
Ned: "Nor Wylla."
413	7V3N	2012-07-12	Who ever said Ned Stark doesn't have a sense of humour?*Ned and Robert are sitting down, talking about whores*Robert: "What was her name again? Your bastard's mother..." *tries to think grabs forehead in pain*Ned: "Wylla."Robert: "You never told me what she looked like."Ned: "Nor Wylla."Her name is pronounce like "WHY-luh"
414	Frumpus	2012-07-13	Her name is pronounce like "WHY-luh"That's not how it was pronounced on the tv show. Rewatch that episode. Sean Bean said "Will-ya".
415	Snow's Ghost	2011-04-25	In HBO's Game of Thrones - Episode 2, was Cersei's visit to Catelyn and her emotional outpouring over the death of her first born genuine?  While watching last night, I was conflicted - we know Cersei is the Queen of Manipulation and Deceit, yet...  Furthermore, the tie to Jon Arryn dying suddenly of a "fever" cannot be ignored - any connection?  Ultimately, I believe Cersei wanted to see for herself that Bran was not dying and used the death of her first born as a reason to deflect any suspicion surrounding her and/or Jaime.  Despite this, it was very interesting that Catelyn found the strand of long, blonde hair... I want to know what others' reactions were/are to this...
					
					
							Edited by Datepalm, 25 April 2011 - 12:38 PM.
							
								removed the broken video link and added "no spoilers"
416	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	I'm not sure how we can discuss this without using spoilers.
417	HistoryLessens	2011-04-25	Shouldn't this be a book spoilers thread? I mean just from the shows point of view, there isn't much to discuss. She said it, she's either lying or not, and you have no hint that she is lying beside the fact that she is an evil bitch..
418	Valmy	2011-04-25	In short: no.
419	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	As the episode stand in the TV series, the only reason to think that she might not be sincere is that she was the one who witnessed the initial push.
One possible clue is in Ep1, she mentioned to Jaime her worries about Jon Arryn's knowledge of the secret between her and Jaime, and she also urged Jaime to "do something" upon the two of them being discovered by Bran. So given that, it's debatable whether she's genuine or not in the scene in Ep2 with Cat. 
Yet, it's still possible that that she is sincere. 
At this point, there's just no good way to tell, without using material from the book that has yet to be shown in the TV series.
420	Hooded Man	2011-04-25	She wasn't sincere in any way. She wanted him to die, because she feared exposure, and to check up on him, if he was, in fact dying. That's how it looks at this point, anyway.
421	Abaddon	2011-04-25	I'm not sure what to think of a Sincersie, frankly.
422	Aegoner	2011-04-25	At the breakfast scene immediately before she expresses her opinion that he should be put out of his misery (I think?). So no.
423	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-25	The key to this scene is Cersei's "little bird without wings". It is crystal clear she is talking about Bran and laughing at Cat behind her hand. Cold, ruthless, pyschotic witch that she is.
424	Dornish	2011-04-25	It is absolutely possible for her to sympathize and feel sorry for Cat while simultaneously hoping Bran doesn't get better. While I don't believe for a second that the words she says are true, I would like to believe that the sentiment is real.
425	CryFenril	2011-04-25	I'm not sure what to think of a Sincersie, frankly.*rimshot* Oh man, do you get props for that one! I had to wait til I stopped laughing to post!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
426	sonny	2011-04-25	Having read the series twice, I still had no idea what to make of this scene but all I can think of is that Cersei is full of crap. For one, she had just stated that letting him live was not a mercy and he would be better off dead. Two, as someone stated earlier, the comment about birds without wings is kind of a bad jape at that moment. Three, the comment about Robert beating his hands on the walls to show how much he loved her was off and came off as obviously untrue to me. It's clear by this episode that they have no love for each other and Robert makes it clear that he didn't love her from the start. All I see here is Cersei doing exactly what Tyrion thought Joffrey should do and in her case for more reason since she would want to divert suspicion.
Randomly, did anyone else find Catelyn's CSI investigation unnecessary? 
I'm not entirely sure I like all of Cersei's portrayal. I always pictured her as very sharp and quick, and here Cersei seems more ponderous and slow to respond with her brow always knitted together. An example is the scene when Ned demanded why Robert didn't have Arya brought to him. I always imagined Cersei chastising him in a stronger tone, but in the show she just kinds of says it mildly as if she's making an observation instead of giving him a tongue lashing.
427	Eve	2011-04-25	I don't think that she has a sincerity chip.  No way.
428	DemiNymph	2011-04-25	Cersei lacks the letter "N" in her name, thus she is not sincere.
429	Snow's Ghost	2011-04-25	I'm not sure what to think of a Sincersie, frankly.Kudos for the pun...hilarious!
430	Snow's Ghost	2011-04-25	Having read the series twice, I still had no idea what to make of this scene but all I can think of is that Cersei is full of crap. For one, she had just stated that letting him live was not a mercy and he would be better off dead. Two, as someone stated earlier, the comment about birds without wings is kind of a bad jape at that moment. Three, the comment about Robert beating his hands on the walls to show how much he loved her was off and came off as obviously untrue to me. It's clear by this episode that they have no love for each other and Robert makes it clear that he didn't love her from the start. All I see here is Cersei doing exactly what Tyrion thought Joffrey should do and in her case for more reason since she would want to divert suspicion.Randomly, did anyone else find Catelyn's CSI investigation unnecessary? I'm not entirely sure I like all of Cersei's portrayal. I always pictured her as very sharp and quick, and here Cersei seems more ponderous and slow to respond with her brow always knitted together. An example is the scene when Ned demanded why Robert didn't have Arya brought to him. I always imagined Cersei chastising him in a stronger tone, but in the show she just kinds of says it mildly as if she's making an observation instead of giving him a tongue lashing.I did find the investigation wrong - because it doesn't happen in GOT...
431	Scion9	2011-04-25	I feel like the investigation added to the show.  I always thought that the implication that the Lannisters had something to do with Bran's condition was too much of an intuitive leap in the book.  I mean, so a guy lit a fire to pull everyone out of the keep.  Maybe he was just going to loot and a good place to start would be the resident nobles' rooms?
As for Cersei, I just feel like what we've ween so far that they intend on portraying her differently on the show than they did in the books and she is in fact sincere and regrets what happened to Bran.  That doesn't imply she wishes him to recover and implicate her.  Sincerity doesn't imply altruism or a willingness to face justice.  She's sorry that it had to happen, but it did have to happen.
432	fionwe1987	2011-04-26	The scene is setting up two things:
1) Cersei's first born died in a manner similar to Jon Arryn.
2) Cersei clearly wants Bran to die. What does it mean that she says she will pray as hard for his life as she prayed for her first born? The implication is obvious...
433	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-26	She was sincere in demanding the death of Lady. I know that much.
434	Holymoly	2011-04-26	Cersei is the deepest most well observed character in the show so far. Kudos to Lena Headley for her acting. Her multilayered scheming is apparent in this adaptation and you lose nothing in this respect if you have not already read the books.
435	TerraPrime	2011-04-26	[Mod hat]
Folks, the "No Spoiler" tag means just that, no spoilers. It does not mean hiding a spoiler, or even less, posting a spoiler with just the verbal warning. 
Please adhere to the spoiler guidelines so that we can accommodate as many users as we can. thank you. 
[/Mod hat]
436	Loras	2011-04-26	Using the TV show as it's own canon and separating my knowledge of the books...
Yes, Cersei was sincere.  To my mind the story about her first born child does a number of things:
It humanises Cersei, she has been through the death of a child and it hurt her badly.  It is something that she doesn't want to go through again, so I see the story as Cersei's justification for what she had Jaime do, despite how guilty she feels.  As was mentioned in the initial Twins scene in Ep 1, if Robert had known her secret then both her and Jaime would be decorating the city gates.  To an extent Cersei sees Bran's death as a necessary evil to protect her lover.
She also gets to show an understanding to Catelyn - almost, look I know what your going through.  Which is a nice touch.
We understand more about the nature of Cersei and Robert's marriage.  He loved her at one point.  What I took from this was the emphasis on the anger and passion in their relationship, which has now disappeared.  It leads viewers to wonder what happened to them as a couple, especially when you consider the cold and occasionally callus way that he has treated her.  Eg. During the arrival at Winterfell where he completely disregards her so that he can see Lyanna's crypt.  During the feast when he is molesting one of the serving women.  During the trial where he disregards her and her input.  The evolution of this relationship is something the adaptation is nailing IMO.
Headey's performance in this scene is fantastic, she puts across the conflict within Cersei very well.  She doesn't want Bran to die, but she can't risk him living.  Her final line about the mother above was excellent.  Well done all.
437	SpiffySilpion	2011-04-26	Having read the series twice, I still had no idea what to make of this scene but all I can think of is that Cersei is full of crap. For one, she had just stated that letting him live was not a mercy and he would be better off dead. Two, as someone stated earlier, the comment about birds without wings is kind of a bad jape at that moment. Three, the comment about Robert beating his hands on the walls to show how much he loved her was off and came off as obviously untrue to me. It's clear by this episode that they have no love for each other and Robert makes it clear that he didn't love her from the start. All I see here is Cersei doing exactly what Tyrion thought Joffrey should do and in her case for more reason since she would want to divert suspicion.Randomly, did anyone else find Catelyn's CSI investigation unnecessary? I'm not entirely sure I like all of Cersei's portrayal. I always pictured her as very sharp and quick, and here Cersei seems more ponderous and slow to respond with her brow always knitted together. An example is the scene when Ned demanded why Robert didn't have Arya brought to him. I always imagined Cersei chastising him in a stronger tone, but in the show she just kinds of says it mildly as if she's making an observation instead of giving him a tongue lashing.I really have to agree especially with the last statement: I'm not happy with how Cersei is being portrayed.  Her demeanor is much more demure and quiet.  I love the casting choice, I just don't quite like what's being done with the character.  I was wondering last night if they were trying to make her more sympathetic and if so--why, god why?!?  There's something I desperately want to add about why I think she was totally not sincere with her encounter with Catelyn from the books, but it'd be a spoiler.  *shrug*  But yeah, Cersei is never one to be trusted.  The CSI thing didn't bother me.  They're always going to make changes from book to screen and this just wasn't a big deal for me.  They had to bring about Lannister suspicion somehow, and a super-long blond hair where really none should be just kind of does the trick quickly and easily.
438	alguien	2011-04-26	I got the sense she was sincere.  Given that its an entirely original scene, my guess is that the show's creators are trying to portray Cersei as a slightly grayer, more neutral character than she is in the books. There have been other differences, also a fairly startling comment by Headey that make me think it as well.Hmmm, now that I think about it, all the mothers in the show so far are getting a bit more of a sympathetic depiction.
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 26 April 2011 - 11:52 AM.
439	Maia	2011-04-26	IMHO, they decided to portray Cersei a little differently in the show and extended the time-span during which she gave Robert the benefit of doubt after their marriage. This dead baby and Robert going to console himself with other women because he couldn't deal with grieving Cersei would probably constitute the last straw for their relationship _in the show_.  
As to explaining why it wasn't well-known, well, it could be rationalized if naming day =/= birthday and if  they tend to wait with naming of a child and widely announcing it's birth for a few weeks. Which would make sense in this culture, actually. It can all be made to fit, IMHO.
Re: Cersei's sincerity, I'd say that she does want Bran to die and comes to check up on him, but she also empathises and feels guilty in this scene. That she started telling her story to feign sympathy, but was carried away by emotion.
Personally, I welcome the so-far less mustache-twirling Cersei. I think  that her exxagerated portrayal as a complete villainess is one of the few weaknesses of the series.
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 26 April 2011 - 03:33 PM.
440	Lord Godric	2011-04-26	When I first watched the episode, I thought that Cersei was sincere in her agony over her dead child, but rewatching it, I realize there was no way she was.  Cersei was as sincere about her lost child as she was about wishing Bran recovered, and that is not at all.  Since this is a no spoiler thread, I'll say no more on the subject.
441	Valmy	2011-04-26	Personally, I welcome the so-far less mustache-twirling Cersei. I think  that her exxagerated portrayal as a complete villainess is one of the few weaknesses of the series.Really?  I thought she always had reasons for what she was doing, she never just did evil for its own sake.
442	GoTreviews	2011-04-27	Randomly, did anyone else find Catelyn's CSI investigation unnecessary?It felt weird to me as well. But I had too much fun afterwards to hold it against the show /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />http://img855.images...iwinterfell.jpgI guess there was... Something in the hair... YEEEEEEAAAAH
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 27 April 2011 - 05:24 AM.
443	Xenophon	2011-04-27	When I first watched the episode, I thought that Cersei was sincere in her agony over her dead child, but rewatching it, I realize there was no way she was.  Cersei was as sincere about her lost child as she was about wishing Bran recovered, and that is not at all.  Since this is a no spoiler thread, I'll say no more on the subject.I think it's more complex than that.  I just rewatched that scene, and it seemed to me like she is genuinely conflicted.  On the one hand, her face when Tyrion says Bran may live makes it clear that she had hoped that Bran would die. On the other hand, when she actually sees Catelyn, she seems to genuinely sympathize with her, recollecting her own grief at the loss of her son.  So, while I don't think she's being fully honest when she says she will pray for Bran's recovery, I think she is truly sorry about what has happened, and a part of her does hope that there is some way that Bran could recover, while also forgetting what he saw.  Remember, she never actually told Jaime to throw Bran out of the window in the first episode.
444	Jerol	2011-04-27	I think it was what Xenophon saw. There was genuine conflict there. But by the end of the episode my wife, who has never read the books, said "please tell me that 'C-word' gets it." And she almost never uses that word.
445	Lord Godric	2011-04-27	I think it's more complex than that.  I just rewatched that scene, and it seemed to me like she is genuinely conflicted.  On the one hand, her face when Tyrion says Bran may live makes it clear that she had hoped that Bran would die. On the other hand, when she actually sees Catelyn, she seems to genuinely sympathize with her, recollecting her own grief at the loss of her son.  So, while I don't think she's being fully honest when she says she will pray for Bran's recovery, I think she is truly sorry about what has happened, and a part of her does hope that there is some way that Bran could recover, while also forgetting what he saw.  Remember, she never actually told Jaime to throw Bran out of the window in the first episode.When I first watched the episode, I agreed with your analysis of the scene.  But I do not any longer.  I can not fathom that Cersei actually had a child die of fever, if so it does not line up with canon in the books whatsoever.  Therefore Cersei had to be making the entire story up.   Knowing what we know from the books, combined with Cersei's reaction to Tyrion like you mentioned, I think everything we saw in that scene was an act, right down to her last line.  Cersei said she would pray to the Mother for Bran and hope she listened this time, but (since this is a no spoiler thread) it doesn't align with what we know from the books.ETA: I do think she believes Jaime's actions to be rash and probably unwarranted, but since it happened, Bran might as well just die.  Save the Lannisters the trouble.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 27 April 2011 - 06:41 PM.
446	Morrigan	2011-04-27	A video interview with the creators claim that she really was distraught at losing her child. Which is of course BS.
Her loathing of Robert is deep and ingrained. If they change it so that she did carry one of Robert's to term but poisoned him, I'm cool with that since it's in-character, but the video interview didn't indicate that... *shakes head*
					
					
							Edited by Brude, 28 April 2011 - 08:54 AM.
447	Xenophon	2011-04-27	When I first watched the episode, I agreed with your analysis of the scene.  But I do not any longer.  I can not fathom that Cersei actually had a child die of fever, if so it does not line up with canon in the books whatsoever. Hmm, I'm more inclined to think that they've substantially changed Cersei from the books to make her a more sympathetic character.  But as you say, it's impossible to discuss in this thread.  Let's take it over to the main discussion thread.
448	fionwe1987	2011-04-28	Her loathing of Robert is deep and ingrained. If they change it so that she did carry one of Robert's to term but poisoned him, I'm cool with that since it's in-character, but the video interview didn't indicate that... *shakes head*Agreed. Though, the Cersei we know is capable of poisoning her child, being sad about it, and blaming Robert for it.
449	Theano	2011-04-28	That scene made me bawl.  And I knew she was lying through her teeth the whole time, and it still made me bawl.  Cersei is a consummate actress and liar and every evil thing under the sun, and I adore her.  (And want to see her die screaming.)
450	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-28	http://img855.images...iwinterfell.jpgI guess there was... Something in the hair... YEEEEEEAAAAH /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
451	Xenophon	2011-04-28	Spoilers, peeps, spoilers.
452	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-28	I think she was sincere about the story. But not about wanting Bran to live.
453	Shrub Knight	2011-04-28	I think Cersei was sincere about the grief of losing her son, even if she might have had something to do with his death (speculation).  I think she sincerely sympathized with Catelyn.  I also think she sincerely hoped Bran would stop breathing and was calculating her options since he didn't expire immediately after his fall.
454	starki	2011-04-29	Cersei probably wouldn't know sincerity if it hit her right between the eyes...but yes, I believed she was geniune about that story.
Edited by Xray to remove a spoiler
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 30 April 2011 - 10:03 AM.
455	Aoife	2011-04-29	Starki, I have a reply, but I don't think we can get into it in a non-spoiler thread. Technically I think even your last section shouldn't be in here, as that's not yet been confirmed in the TV series.
456	Knight Of The North	2011-04-29	The key to this scene is Cersei's "little bird without wings". It is crystal clear she is talking about Bran and laughing at Cat behind her hand. Cold, ruthless, pyschotic witch that she is.This.There are little hints through Episode 1 and 2 that Cersei is not a nice figure. In Episode 1, she unnerves Sansa and (in a medieval setting) hugely offends Catelyn by asking about Sansa's menstruation. That's  just one. In Episode 2, she's repeatedly refering to Bran, and hoping he dies.Does this really seem like someone who wouldn't lie about a dead child?
457	Tomacatawata	2011-04-29	I Think she was 99% sincere. She obviously wants Bran to die, so the secret wouldn't get out, but it seems kinda obvious that she felt for Catelyn. 
	Spoiler From what I remember in the series, she always liked children and
 the only reason that Bran was pushed out in the first place was because of Jamie. Cersei wanted to scare him into not talking.
It's a matter of life or death for Cersei, Jamie, and her three children. She can still feel for the mother even when she wants the boy to die.
					
					
							Edited by TerraPrime, 29 April 2011 - 08:49 PM.
458	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-29	I Think she was 99% sincere. She obviously wants Bran to die, so the secret wouldn't get out, but it seems kinda obvious that she felt for Catelyn. 
	Spoiler From what I remember in the series, she always liked children and
 the only reason that Bran was pushed out in the first place was because of Jamie. Cersei wanted to scare him into not talking.It's a matter of life or death for Cersei, Jamie, and her three children. She can still feel for the mother even when she wants the boy to die.ummm no. Cersei was panicked almost beyond words. She wanted Jamie to do exactly what he did. Which was (attempt to) kill Bran. This is a no spoiler thread, so that's as much as we can say.
459	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-30	What part on NO SPOILERS is too complicated to understand ? NO SPOILERS means exactly that. I'm feeling we are gonna have to edit and monitor every post since people ( mostly NEW people ) don't seem to care or understand that NO SPOILERS means NO FUCKING SPOILERS!
Edited by Xray:
I edited out the quoted spoiler, and deleted the quoted post. But I'm leaving SotM's rant in because it is righteous (also, correct). /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 30 April 2011 - 10:02 AM.
460	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-30	Personally, still I think this was a poor topic to designate as "No Spoilers" because the nature of the question draws people to want to make comparisons between the book Ceresi and the one in the show. 
In trying to think of something to add to the topic that is not spoiler material...
I think Ceresi wants Bran to die, but I do think she felt sorry for Catelyn too. As a mother herself, I don't see how Ceresi couldn't have sympathized with Catelyn to some degree. For my point of view though, telling Catelyn an entirely unnecessary lie would be far too risky and stupid (yes, even for Ceresi), so I think it happened as she described it.  Yes, if she's telling the truth, that does change what we know from the books, but I assume that was a conscience choice that was made by the producers for what they probably felt was better for dramatic reasons.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 30 April 2011 - 02:00 AM.
461	Tomacatawata	2011-05-01	http://www.hbo.com/g...jIysgEhAGCyFzg=
She was 90% Sincere. Still wanted Bran to die though.
462	Liadin	2011-05-12	It humanises Cersei, she has been through the death of a child and it hurt her badly.  It is something that she doesn't want to go through again, so I see the story as Cersei's justification for what she had Jaime do, despite how guilty she feels.  As was mentioned in the initial Twins scene in Ep 1, if Robert had known her secret then both her and Jaime would be decorating the city gates.  To an extent Cersei sees Bran's death as a necessary evil to protect her lover.This is really clever, except I think it's more about her desire to protect her remaining kids.A lot of people seem to have this knee-jerk reaction that she's lying because she's a villain. But it's knee-jerk, and boring.Essentially, there are three possibilities here:1) That child never existed.2) The child existed, and Cersei had a hand in his death.3) The child existed, and Cersei did not have a hand in his death.I hope it's #3, from a character-depth perspective. Also, I think it's pretty clear that Cersei does care about her existing children; since she has maternal instincts, I can't imagine her murdering her own child. Although I suppose it's possible that she induced a late-term abortion.In favor of #1, it seems really weird that the whole kingdom--let alone the wife of one of the most important nobles and the king's BFF--would have been ignorant of the king and queen's firstborn child. And I don't think we ever see that kind of secrecy in the books. But based on the fact that Cersei tells it that way and Catelyn seems to believe her, it looks like we have to conclude that this is a possibility there.
463	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-13	With infant mortality rate being what it is in this setting, I can see there being a delay before it's officially announced that the king's heir has been born. If the baby died within hours of being born, he would probably be buried discretely, so the king and queen are allowed to grieve privately. 
I have no idea what the practice was in medieval settings though for royal children that were either stillborn or died within a few hours of being born though.  If a prince was born and died within a day from birthing complications or health issues, how wide spread would this knowledge be I wonder? And how wide spread would the knowledge be in neighboring countries that the queen was even expecting a child? It'd be interesting to know those things, though I'm not sure where to begin to research them.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 13 May 2011 - 01:54 AM.
464	Talan Snow	2011-05-18	In HBO's Game of Thrones - Episode 2, was Cersei's visit to Catelyn and her emotional outpouring over the death of her first born genuine?  While watching last night, I was conflicted - we know Cersei is the Queen of Manipulation and Deceit, yet...  Furthermore, the tie to Jon Arryn dying suddenly of a "fever" cannot be ignored - any connection?  Ultimately, I believe Cersei wanted to see for herself that Bran was not dying and used the death of her first born as a reason to deflect any suspicion surrounding her and/or Jaime.  Despite this, it was very interesting that Catelyn found the strand of long, blonde hair... I want to know what others' reactions were/are to this...I think she was sincere.  Cersei is a complex person that's trying to defend and preserve what she thinks is important.  It can lead her to be brutal, but I also think she can still feel sympathy.  Sort of like "The kid had to take the fall but I do really feel for you about it cuz I've been there".
465	Kate Poem	2011-06-11	I don't know. She wanted Bran's silence, but... I think Cersei was'nt sincere. And she lied about Robert's baby.
					
					
							Edited by Katarzyna Wierszowska, 11 June 2011 - 06:44 AM.
466	grandmazter3	2011-09-01	This is really clever, except I think it's more about her desire to protect her remaining kids.A lot of people seem to have this knee-jerk reaction that she's lying because she's a villain. But it's knee-jerk, and boring.Essentially, there are three possibilities here:1) That child never existed.2) The child existed, and Cersei had a hand in his death.3) The child existed, and Cersei did not have a hand in his death.I hope it's #3, from a character-depth perspective. Also, I think it's pretty clear that Cersei does care about her existing children; since she has maternal instincts, I can't imagine her murdering her own child. Although I suppose it's possible that she induced a late-term abortion.In favor of #1, it seems really weird that the whole kingdom--let alone the wife of one of the most important nobles and the king's BFF--would have been ignorant of the king and queen's firstborn child. And I don't think we ever see that kind of secrecy in the books. But based on the fact that Cersei tells it that way and Catelyn seems to believe her, it looks like we have to conclude that this is a possibility there.Your playing down her hatred of Robert, She did not want to have his children and when the moon tea didn't work she poisoned the child. It sealed it for me when she described how the baby looked like Robert with the dark hair.
467	Knight of Ashes	2011-09-02	Your playing down her hatred of Robert, She did not want to have his children and when the moon tea didn't work she poisoned the child. It sealed it for me when she described how the baby looked like Robert with the dark hair. Doesn't the tv show play down her hatred of Robert though? It didn't occur to me that she might be sincere until she had that conversation with Robert  and afterwards, Ned. Anyway, me, I'd be happy if there were differences between the tv and book version; I don't need two exact, same Cerseis.
					
					
							Edited by Knight of Ashes, 02 September 2011 - 10:18 PM.
468	Sofokles	2011-11-06	Cersei should be cold, not warm and caring mother. Hopefully we will see the REAL Cersei in seasons to come, though i hate the whole character.
469	Jennelyn	2012-02-06	I thought it was interesting that she mentioned the baby was black of hair as she described the story to Cat. We can see that all of her children are golden-haired. Was that a slip-up? We also know that she was there (screwing her brother Jaime) when Bran was pushed and obviously wants the boy to die. To me it seemed she was showing what a good actress the character Cercei is by launching into the story as some way to "comfort" this boy's mother. I suppose it is possible that she loved Robert in the beginning and was genuinely sad at the loss of her first child, but when you see all those blonde kids she has and you know she's got a romantic relationship with her brother, you have to question all sincerity on her part. Loved the "CSI" moment when Cat is in the tower and finds that disturbed spot where they were "doing it" and the long blonde hair. Maybe if she put the dark-haired baby comment together with the hair and the shapes in the dirt, she'd have figured a lot of things out right then and there. Don't think she's quite that smart, though. If only she had the technology they have in the tv series Bones.
470	The Anti-Targ	2012-02-07	Loved the "CSI" moment when Cat is in the tower and finds that disturbed spot where they were "doing it" and the long blonde hair. Maybe if she put the dark-haired baby comment together with the hair and the shapes in the dirt, she'd have figured a lot of things out right then and there. Don't think she's quite that smart, though. If only she had the technology they have in the tv series Bones.I'm sure when word gets out about the reason Ned opposed Joff for the throne (the reason he lost his head) Cat will put 2 and 1 together and get 3 incestuously conceived kids.
471	Accio Euron	2012-06-12	It felt weird to me as well. But I had too much fun afterwards to hold it against the show [img]http://asoiaf.wester...fault/smile.gif[/img]http://img855.images...iwinterfell.jpgI guess there was... Something in the hair... YEEEEEEAAAAH /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />This was just perfect.
472	Zar Lannister	2012-06-15	The part about her not going back to ever see her dead child is probably the only moment in which I can conclude Cersei did not really love this firtst-born baby.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 15 June 2012 - 06:15 AM.
473	nightwisp	2012-06-17	The CSI moment was cool, I like that scene! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
About Cersei lying: in one of the episodes she mentions to Robert about their dead child, so I think she was not lying about the child itself but she might have had a hand in his demise as horrible as that sounds. She did not want Robert's children. When Ned let her know he knew about her 3 children's father being Jaime she said,"Thank the Gods."
474	The Sword In The Dark	2012-06-19	I think it was basically to make Cat less supicious about her causing Bran's "Fall" but she was not sincre she is never sincre she only looks out for herself
475	Zar Lannister	2012-06-20	I think it was basically to make Cat less supicious about her causing Bran's "Fall" but she was not sincre she is never sincre she only looks out for herselfThis one is a tough one to tackle without spoilers, but Cersei has her moments of sincerity, though not with everybody. For example, she's sincere about her concerns to Jaime after Arryn's death on E01.
					
					
							Edited by Zar Lannister, 20 June 2012 - 10:51 PM.
476	starlight5	2012-06-29	As I said in my post under the Gendry topic, I think the series is setting things up for Gendry to be that "lost" baby-- the queen sent the baby off to die, arranged for it to die, expected it to die but unbeknownst to her, someone (Varys) intervened and saved/hid the babe for a future chess piece in the game of thrones. Varys knows about Gendry's heritage.  I just want this to be true and for Cersei to die screaming in rage when she sees Gendry with a crown on his head and realizes a) who he is and b ) that everyone else knows that a black haired Robert boy is going to take the throne away from her little bastards (no offense to bastards, just Cersei's bastards).  Once she dies, Gendry can take the crown off, give it to whomever, and go back to being a happy armorer/blacksmith with Arya helping test all those shiny needles. . .
					
					
							Edited by starlight5, 29 June 2012 - 10:08 PM.
477	The_Halfhand	2011-04-25	Overall, I thought episode 2 was much better than the first one.  But still, some changes really had me scratching my head.
1.  "It should have been you."
Again, a great line that really nails the relationship between two characters, completely disregarded for no good reason.
2.  Tyrion waking up in the kennel
Would have liked to have seen him in the library so the whole "Why do you read so much" line had more merrit.  But this change wasn't that bad overall.
3.  Queen Cercei going to see Bran
This was an odd scene to me.  Yes, it fleshes out Cercei's character a bit, but the notion that she ever would allow herself to birth a child of Robert's is a complete left turn from the character as she's written in the books.  In the books, she was so full of hate for Robert she aborted the only child he ever impregnated her with.  An odd decision, though I see why they did it.
4.  Lack of Direwolves, in particular Ghost.
Seriously, Ghost is kinda important, and yet he's nowhere to be seen.  You didn't even see him TRAVELLING with Jon.  Is he just gonna magically show up soon?  And no sight of Grey Wind or Shaggydog, or the fact Bran hasn't named Summer yet.  Sigh.
5.  "She didn't hurt you... much."
Again, a great line left out for no real reason.  When Arya says that to Joffrey after Nymeria attacks him, it was such a great moment in the books.  It would have been great here, and yet... nada.  Double sigh.
6.  No Barriston The Bold or Renly
Guess they're saving them for later, but it would have been nice to introduce them along with Illyn Payne.  His introduction seemed rather odd, and the Hound didn't come off near as menacing to Sansa as he should have.
7.  No dreams.
I guess they're leaving the dreams out ofthe show.  Would have been nice to see Dany's dream and Bran's.
8.  Jon and Tyrion's scene
Again, close but no cigar.  The writers seem dead set on not letting Jon and Tyrion have the great relationship they have in the books.  The whole "Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it" was SO IMPORTANT because it made Jon truely trust Tyrion, and tought him a valuable lesson.  But alas, instead we get extra dialogue about the Kingslayer.  That, plus no Ghost and no introduction to Yoren, who does play an important roll later.
Overall, I thought the scenes with Danny were handled well, and the episode as a whole moved better than the pilot.  The whole Catelyn investigation into the tower where Bran fell was a little odd, but I can see it was necesasary.  Would have liked to have heard more explanation about the conspiracty to kill Bran like they had in the books, but it's not a big deal, they got across what they needed to.
Hopefully they stick closer to the books as the series goes on.
478	Spoony	2011-04-25	yeah, I think the dialogue changes were completely unnecessary.
Not sure where ghost was. But it felt like a continuity error.
479	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-25	Ghost did show up in the first scene after leaving Winterfell, but his no-show at that scene did stand out.
480	aryastark	2011-04-25	The thing i missed the most is Ghost, its like he doent even exist :s and Greywind too, makes me sad /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> second thing I missed was Renly making fun of Joff, guess we wont see him before Kings landing then. Everything else seems fine to me.
481	Jojen's Ghost	2011-04-25	You nailed it.  Those were my top issues with this episode as well.  I understand that changes need to be made for the necessity of moving from book to film format, but in many cases the changes outlined in the original post were character-defining moments.
482	Balefont	2011-04-25	I see you, Jojen.  
Been a long time. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
483	Dark Knight	2011-04-25	1.  "It should have been you."Again, a great line that really nails the relationship between two characters, completely disregarded for no good reason.5.  "She didn't hurt you... much."Again, a great line left out for no real reason.  When Arya says that to Joffrey after Nymeria attacks him, it was such a great moment in the books.  It would have been great here, and yet... nada.  Double sigh.Those are the 2 main things that bothered me in their absence in the 2nd episode. I was shocked not to hear the "it should have been you" from Catelyn. Sure, we get some idea of the enmity between her and Jon, but that line just tells the entire story, I don't understand how could they leave it out. And what did Ned do in the room in that scene??And the 2nd one...It strikes me kind of odd that they did have Jeoffry say "I won't hurt you...much" but didn't have Arya say the counter...took all the punch out of it....Other noticeable things that were left out are the close relationship between Arya and Jon - the completing each other's sentences and the messing Arya's hear, but I get why they left it out as it's even not that meaningful in the books. Another line that I wish they would have left in the show is Cersei telling Robert "The man I wed would have put a pelt on my bed before sundown" or something like that, as it sheds a bit of light on the relationship between Cersei and Robert.I didn't mind the "left ins" though, they were quite nice and most of them necessary for things that can be expressed in books(thoughts) and not on the screen.
484	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	or the fact Bran hasn't named Summer yet.  Sigh.Bran doesn't name Summer until after he wakes up, so this is consistent with the book.
485	NW Deserter	2011-04-25	Other noticeable things that were left out are the close relationship between Arya and Jon - the completing each other's sentences and the messing Arya's hear, but I get why they left it out as it's even not that meaningful in the booksReally? I think they got their relationship fairly well-established with the goodbye scene. Much of that was from the book, too.Regarding the direwolves: honestly, the biggest thing I'm missing is Grey Wind. We see some shots of Ghost as Jon is traveling north, but Ghost doesn't really do anything yet and is off hunting most of the time. Summer, Lady, and Nymeria all feature prominently, as they should, and we don't even see Rickon at all so it's understandable that we don't see Shaggydog either.But I feel like Grey Wind needs to be with Robb a lot more. Hopefully they'll fix this as Robb comes into his own and start leading armies, that's what makes his legend grow is Grey Wind stalking beside him and tearing up men and horses.
486	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-25	Bran doesn't name Summer until after he wakes up, so this is consistent with the book.Yeah, this part keeps bugging me in the back of my head and I have to argue with myself each time to remind myself that Summer shouldn't have his name until next week. However, it would have been nice to have names for Grey Wind and Ghost. For that matter, have we seen Grey Wind once since the scene where the wolves were discovered? I realize they had some issues with training the dogs, but simply having him heel Robb in a scene would have been nice. And of course, many people have already mentioned the fact that we're going to have to start up a chapter of "Ghost Hunters: Westeros" to find more than a glimpse of Jon's wolf so far. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
487	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	But I feel like Grey Wind needs to be with Robb a lot more. Hopefully they'll fix this as Robb comes into his own and start leading armies, that's what makes his legend grow is Grey Wind stalking beside him and tearing up men and horses.As I recall, Grey Wind really makes his first impact on the reader when Tyrion meets with Robb during his return trip through Winterfell.  Hopefully he'll do the same onscreen.However, it would have been nice to have names for Grey Wind and Ghost. For that matter, have we seen Grey Wind once since the scene where the wolves were discovered? I realize they had some issues with training the dogs, but simply having him heel Robb in a scene would have been nice.Yeah, they've dropped the ball a bit in that regard.  Some very brief shots with Jon/Robb interacting with their wolves and calling them by name would have easily solved that shortcoming. And of course, many people have already mentioned the fact that we're going to have to start up a chapter of "Ghost Hunters: Westeros" to find more than a glimpse of Jon's wolf so far. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 25 April 2011 - 08:36 AM.
488	ingsve	2011-04-25	That, plus no Ghost and no introduction to Yoren, who does play an important roll later.Did Yoren really appear that early in the books? I thought you met him later. At any rate we know that he's in episode 4 at least so I don't think it's a problem.
					
					
							Edited by ingsve, 25 April 2011 - 09:29 AM.
489	Solmyr	2011-04-25	The episode was great up until the point when Bran opened his eyes without dreaming the dream. This is one of my favourite scenes of the entire series and they simply left it out. It's not like it's hard to shoot or it would be inconsistent with the TV series. And it would've made a great cliffhanger ending between ep2 and ep3, on top of Bran's waking.
And Ned killed Lady with a dagger ... seriously, wtf?!
					
					
							Edited by Solmyr, 25 April 2011 - 09:30 AM.
490	Social Justice Bass	2011-04-25	I can understand some of the changes. The dreams are rather difficult to show, since Martin has written them chock-full of symbolic imagery (although Bran's dream is pretty awesome, with the Three-Eyed Crow's "Now you see why you must live. Because Winter is coming", and "Bran saw into the heart of winter and was afraid"). I also wonder if they're worried about bringing on the magic too strong in the early episodes. 
I think Cersei's comments helped to keep people off-balance regarding her, so that she can't just be pigeonholed into "mustache-twirling evil" category. If we find out later that she killed the child in question . . . it will make her seem even more unpleasant.
I agree that the Jon-Tyrion scene was a little off. Jon needed to be more emotional - Tyrion's quips actually got under his skin. I suppose we'll get Jon's period of disillusionment at the Wall next episode instead.
491	Lazarus	2011-04-25	Guys, I have to tell you, I'm having serious doubts about this entire production...  The actors seem to be doing their best with what they have to work with, and God knows they have the best possible story to tell, but where the hell is the Direction?
The dialogues sound like the Director is teling them to read their lines, and then he films it and says, "Ok, we got that one, let's move to the next scene"...  The whole series of scenes where Jon is leaving for the Wall should have been filled with emotion - Jon saying goodby to a comotose Bran - I believe there were tears involved in the book...  Jon saying goodby to his beloved little sister, Arya...  Jon saying goodby to the one person who is truely his contemporary brother, Rob, the one he grew up with...  All the conversations were flat and emotionless, like watching a high school play...  
The scene where the assassin comes in the room and finds Catelyn there...  Lines recited like they were just going over them in a dress rehersal...  "Your not supposed to be here..." FLAT!  The best actor in the whole scene was the dog... The actor could have been a janitor they pulled onto the set just to fill in for the moment...  
The scene with Catelyn informing her trusted few of her suspicions and her intent to go to King's landing - Everyone standing around trying to look intense and dramatic, and the lines were just rushed and flat...  
Also, the way they are presenting Cat and her attitude toward Ned is all wrong...  She blames him for leaving for Kings Landing - In the book she was the one who told Ned he could not refuse the king...  That it would be political suicide...  I do understand that some changes must be made when working within the constraints of such a project, but these people are making major changes to the characters and their motivations...  I am not pleased...
I am beginning to believe that they are rushing the entire story to get it to fit into neat 30 minute packages...  Its like they are telling the viewers, "Ok let's move along - We have a lot of material to cover..."
My wife actually suggested this morning that we UNsubscribe to HBO and skip the rest of the series - She was that disappointed with it last night...  And I am having trouble finding a reasonable arguement against her suggestion...
					
					
							Edited by Lazarus, 25 April 2011 - 09:57 AM.
492	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	And Ned killed Lady with a dagger ... seriously, wtf?!I liked that change because the lead-up of petting and comforting the wolf made the euthanizing much more personal.  This wasn't some scofflaw he was beheading out of duty, it was a direwolf (an innocent one at that), the sigil of his house and his daughter's pet, that he was compelled to take mercy on rather than hand her over to a "butcher."As for the efficacy of a dagger vs. a greatsword - a dagger can end life just as quickly and mercifully if properly placed and wielded.  Ned no doubt has plenty of hunting experience so I'm sure at some point he'd have put an elk, boar or some other beast out of its misery in a similar fashion.
493	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	Guys, I have to tell you, I'm having serious doubts about this entire production...  The actors seem to be doing their best with what they have to work with, and God knows they have the best possible story to tell, but where the hell is the Direction?The dialogues sound like the Director is teling them to read their lines, and then he films it and says, "Ok, we got that one, let's move to the next scene"...  The whole series of scenes where Jon is leaving for the Wall should have been filled with emotion - Jon saying goodby to a comotose Bran - I believe there were tears involved in the book...  Jon saying goodby to his beloved little sister, Arya...  Jon saying goodby to the one person who is truely his contemporary brother, Rob, the one he grew up with...  All the conversations were flat and emotionless, like watching a high school play...  The scene where the assassin comes in the room and finds Catelyn there...  Lines recited like they were just going over them in a dress rehersal...  "Your not supposed to be here..." FLAT!  The best actor in the whole scene was the dog... The actor could have been a janitor they pulled onto the set just to fill in for the moment...  The scene with Catelyn informing her trusted few of her suspicions and her intent to go to King's landing - Everyone standing around trying to look intense and dramatic, and the lines were just rushed and flat...  Also, the way they are presenting Cat and her attitude toward Ned is all wrong...  She blames him for leaving for Kings Landing - In the book she was the one who told Ned he could not refuse the king...  That it would be political suicide...  I do understand that some changes must be made when working within the constraints of such a project, but these people are making major changes to the characters and their motivations...  I am not pleased...I am beginning to believe that they are rushing the entire story to get it to fit into neat 30 minute packages...  Its like they are telling the viewers, "Ok let's move along - We have a lot of material to cover..."My wife actually suggested this morning that we UNsubscribe to HBO and skip the rest of the series - She was that disappointed with it last night...  And I am having trouble finding a reasonable arguement against her suggestion...I hate to dismiss your opinions completely out of hand as you're certainly entitled to them, but I don't know what show you've been watching.  By television standards (and even by HBO standards, which are considerably higher than network TV), the acting has been stellar through the first two episodes.  And not just in terms of line delivery - facial expressions and other non-verbal cues have been immensely effective as well.  As for last night's episode, there was more genuine emotion conveyed during an hour of television than I've seen in ages (at least since the last season of Breaking Bad ended).  To be sure, there are some things to criticize, but the acting in general simply isn't one of them, IMHO.  I actually agree with you somewhat about the pacing and direction, although I'm not sure this could have been avoided given the time constraints involved.  If that's your main beef, the director of the first two episodes (Tim Van Patten) didn't direct any others during the season - so at least give it one more try next week before you give up.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 25 April 2011 - 10:14 AM.
494	Snow White	2011-04-25	The episode was great up until the point when Bran opened his eyes without dreaming the dream. This is one of my favourite scenes of the entire series and they simply left it out. It's not like it's hard to shoot or it would be inconsistent with the TV series. And it would've made a great cliffhanger ending between ep2 and ep3, on top of Bran's waking.Well, they may show it in flashback but honestly I'd be fine if they merely had him recount it. It'd be really easy for that to end up cheesy.And Ned killed Lady with a dagger ... seriously, wtf?!That surprised me, but it makes more sense as Tallhart pointed out. Plus, it is consistent with the 'giving the mercy' stuff later on.
495	reiver	2011-04-25	I liked that change because the lead-up of petting and comforting the wolf made the euthanizing much more personal.  This wasn't some scofflaw he was beheading out of duty, it was a direwolf (an innocent one at that), the sigil of his house and his daughter's pet, that he was compelled to take mercy on rather than hand her over to a "butcher."Using Ice made it more formal and gave the direwolf a human level of respect. Ice is more than just a headsman's axe it's a sacred symbol of House Stark and of the North. Visually i can see that it filmed better with the dagger and i suppose that it's hard to convey, without lengthy dialogue, what doing it with ice means.
496	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	Guys, I have to tell you, I'm having serious doubts about this entire production...  The actors seem to be doing their best with what they have to work with, and God knows they have the best possible story to tell, but where the hell is the Direction?'and so onI read your post a couple of times and I have to respectfully disagree. The acting seems pretty top notch so far, with Catelyn as a possible weak link depending on who you ask. It seems that whatever GRRM told these people, and what they read in the parts of the books they read, have really made an impression on their dialogue and I see a lot of subtlety and nuances that seem to be there in different ways, both to help non-readers and as Easter eggs for the book fans.
497	Greywolf2375	2011-04-25	And Ned killed Lady with a dagger ... seriously, wtf?!I liked this change to help separate the duty to behead a deserter as a lord from a very personal act he has to take as a father.  Far more personal with one hand on Lady and the other on his dagger.Lazarus - I'm not sure how much more emotion is needed; even though I disagree with the change the exchange in Bran's room is very emotional, the bear hug between Arya & Jon isn't "hey I'll see you shortly".As far as the assassin, I think it was pretty much perfect.  What should he have done - screamed or gotten hysterical?  The fact that he did deliver it in a deadpan to me said that he just had another task to complete - kill the lady and the boy.
498	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	1.  "It should have been you."Again, a great line that really nails the relationship between two characters, completely disregarded for no good reason.I think you overstate the importance of that line. We haven't had much build up in the dislike Cat has for Jon and to suddenly go from moderately subtle to all guns blazing could very well seem a bit odd. Especially since it never leads anywhere.3.  Queen Cercei going to see BranThis was an odd scene to me.  Yes, it fleshes out Cercei's character a bit, but the notion that she ever would allow herself to birth a child of Robert's is a complete left turn from the character as she's written in the books.  In the books, she was so full of hate for Robert she aborted the only child he ever impregnated her with.  An odd decision, though I see why they did it.I think the scene actually depicts something else; Cersei so cold and calculating that she can stand and lie into the face of the mother of he child she has indirectly tried to kill. To me the lie was fairly obvious, given the extreme difference to what she said to Tyrion about Bran's life. I think she just needed to assess the situation with her own eyes, plus that she of course helps remove suspicions by acting respectful in grief.4.  Lack of Direwolves, in particular Ghost.Seriously, Ghost is kinda important, and yet he's nowhere to be seen.  You didn't even see him TRAVELLING with Jon.  Is he just gonna magically show up soon?  And no sight of Grey Wind or Shaggydog, or the fact Bran hasn't named Summer yet.  Sigh.Don't nit-pick on the show when you don't remember the book. Bran doesn't name Summer until after he's woken from his coma.5.  "She didn't hurt you... much."Again, a great line left out for no real reason.  When Arya says that to Joffrey after Nymeria attacks him, it was such a great moment in the books.  It would have been great here, and yet... nada.  Double sigh.A good reason is that it's a calm and calculated comment, in the midst of all the emotion that the scene had. 8.  Jon and Tyrion's sceneAgain, close but no cigar.  The writers seem dead set on not letting Jon and Tyrion have the great relationship they have in the books.  The whole "Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it" was SO IMPORTANT because it made Jon truely trust Tyrion, and tought him a valuable lesson.  But alas, instead we get extra dialogue about the Kingslayer.  That, plus no Ghost and no introduction to Yoren, who does play an important roll later.You haven't even seen all the footage of them talking yet so I think you're way too premature in your criticism. We've already seen in plenty of previews that they talk more at Castle Black than they do in the book. I don't really get your comment about them getting a great relationship since in the book they hardly even talk until they meet by chance the day before Tyrion is leaving. I would expect a "great relationship" to be a lot more vibrant than that. I wouldn't go further than to call it mutual respect.Hopefully they stick closer to the books as the series goes on.I think your expected standards are a bit over what's realistic so I wouldn't keep my hopes too high if I were you. Having high expectations is the best way to not be entertained.
499	BlackStoneCA	2011-04-25	More then a few people pointed out the lack of dire wolves on screen as compared to the books.   We have to keep in mind that it is easy to write having creatures with animal or higher intelligence doing amazing things on print, much more difficult to transition that to real life for a TV show and using actual real live animals that do have a mind of their own.
It was commented back in the Episode 1 discussion there were issues with the dogs they were using for the Dire Wolves and getting them to do what they wanted them to do, which is why some of them are not having the screen time, or are not present on screen in scenes where they did appear in the books.
As to the rest of the changes, they might be trying to make Cat more appealing and have the audience relate to her more, which is why she was not so cruel to Jon in the scene.  Also it is the only time they are with one another, so its not that huge a deal.  We know she dislikes Jon, resents him.
I also didn't think the scene with Arya and Jeoff lacked anything.  It was clear with the non verbal dialog to me.
500	Abaddon	2011-04-25	My wife actually suggested this morning that we UNsubscribe to HBO and skip the rest of the series - She was that disappointed with it last night...  And I am having trouble finding a reasonable arguement against her suggestion...I am not trying to be a jerk, but if you really feel this let down by the series, after two whole episodes, you probably should do just that, and stick to the books.
501	Abaddon	2011-04-25	Using Ice made it more formal and gave the direwolf a human level of respect. Ice is more than just a headsman's axe it's a sacred symbol of House Stark and of the North.Using a dagger made it more personal and more intimate.  Ned uses Ice to whack the head off of people that have committed a crime.  Lady committed no crime.  I actually really liked this change a lot.
502	Loras	2011-04-25	Also, I doubt Lady would have stood still long enough to be whacked by a 2 handed greatsword... The dagger was much more practical for the job in hand.
503	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-25	Weird, I loved the assassin's delivery. Must be a taste thing? Having a lack of wolves on-screen is understandable, its just damn hard to film. Not introducing Renly was the right move, too many new characters on-screen etc, he would've been glossed over.
Most of the line-changes mentioned aren't important. I welcome a change to Cersei's character, since I see it as a weaker part of the books.
Only thing I don't like so far is the Dothraki, but I didn't care much for them in the books either.
					
					
							Edited by Ser_not_appearing_yet, 25 April 2011 - 11:26 AM.
504	Whitering	2011-04-25	Weird, I loved the assassin's delivery. Must be a taste thing? Having a lack of wolves on-screen is understandable, its just damn hard to film. Not introducing Renly was the right move, too many new characters on-screen etc, he would've been glossed over.Most of the line-changes mentioned aren't important. I welcome a change to Cersei's character, since I see it as a weaker part of the books.Only thing I don't like so far is the Dothraki, but I didn't care much for them in the books either.However, the greatest part of Joff's later hatred of Sansa starts at the crossroads. Cersei stated in the books it's that she saw Joff shamed. I thought the humiliation and the laughing was part of that experience.I also don't like how they have handled Dany to this point. No, ride on Silver, no tenderness at the wedding, no dream, none of the events that led to her desire to please Drogo. I don't know, we'll see how they do with her now that she has accepted him somewhat.
505	The_Halfhand	2011-04-25	I think you overstate the importance of that line. We haven't had much build up in the dislike Cat has for Jon and to suddenly go from moderately subtle to all guns blazing could very well seem a bit odd. Especially since it never leads anywhere.In the book, when Jon is saying goodbye to Bran, GRRM writes it in such a way where it seems like Catelyn actually is touched by Jon's farewell, so when she calls out his name before he leaves, you feel like there will be some type of redemption there.  But instead, the line is so shocking, because it shows how much of a "stoneheart" Catelyn really is, and this goes towards her turning into such an evil creature later after she's killed.  I actually think that line was very important. I think the scene actually depicts something else; Cersei so cold and calculating that she can stand and lie into the face of the mother of he child she has indirectly tried to kill. To me the lie was fairly obvious, given the extreme difference to what she said to Tyrion about Bran's life. I think she just needed to assess the situation with her own eyes, plus that she of course helps remove suspicions by acting respectful in grief.She wasn't lying though.  Why would she lie about having a dark haired child?  I think this was added to set up the "kings sons" mystery more than anything.  Cercei might be a cold, conniving woman, but remember in the books she didn't want Jamie to kill Bran, and she wasn't the one who killed Jon Arryn.  She does have a few scruples, though they seem to go away as she grasps for more power.Don't nit-pick on the show when you don't remember the book. Bran doesn't name Summer until after he's woken from his coma.You misread my post.  I know he doesn't name his wolf until after he wakes up.  But there's been NOTHING about him being unable to name his direwolf so far.  A simple line from Rob saying something like "And Bran was never able to think of a name for his wolf" would have sufficed.  It was important that everyone had named their wolves but Bran, and why the eventual choice of the name Summer was so important as well.  But here, they just gloss over it.  They didn't even talk about how the wolves would wail constantly since Bran fell, and how hearing them seemed to give him strength.  Just a few lines of dialogue in the show could convey this, but for some reason the producers don't feel the need to layer in these important bits, which they could easily do.You haven't even seen all the footage of them talking yet so I think you're way too premature in your criticism. We've already seen in plenty of previews that they talk more at Castle Black than they do in the book. I don't really get your comment about them getting a great relationship since in the book they hardly even talk until they meet by chance the day before Tyrion is leaving. I would expect a "great relationship" to be a lot more vibrant than that. I wouldn't go further than to call it mutual respect.Um, I've seen plenty.  In the two scenes they've shared, major bits of dialogue have been left out.  I know that the producers gave Tyrion a lot of Donnel Noye's lines at the Wall, but the bit where Tyrion tells Jon about the "hard truths" plays into why he helps Samwell out later on.  I guess they could re-arrange the dialogue to have that come later, but it was conspicuous in its absense.  You really see Jon and Tyrion's friendship grow in the book, culminating in that final chance meeting on the top of the wall.  So far, I don't see the connection being that strong.  Jon seems far too sullen.I think your expected standards are a bit over what's realistic so I wouldn't keep my hopes too high if I were you. Having high expectations is the best way to not be entertained.These are my favorite books of all time.  Long have I imagined what they would be like if they became a movie or TV show.  And some of the best moments - little lines of dialgue, and small details - are being left out and I just don't understand why. They can word-for-word have Tyrion recite what he wants for breakfast in the book, but when it comes to major scenes they gotta change stuff?  It just makes no sense to me.  Maybe if I could hear the producer's views on this stuff, it might make a difference.  I'm still watching the show and enjoying it, but these small changes really take me out of the "viewer" mindset and make me instantly critical.  The whole time with Arya and Joffrey, I was waiting for her to say "She didn't hurt you... much," I was on the edge of my seat, yelling "Say it! SAY IT!" and then she just sullenly looks at Joff and tosses the sword in the river.  It was such a let down, especially since it was one simple line of dialogue that could have easily been added.However, I did like all the Danny scenes this episode.  It was essentially 1 Danny chapter spread out over the course of the show, and that pacing seemed good since we got all the information we needed, and the final lovemaking scene between Danny and Drago hit all the right notes for their relationship.  Makes me think that if the producers had a little more time, they could really be nailing the tone and intent of the books, but they seem rushed to fit so much story into 10 hours.
					
					
							Edited by The_Halfhand, 25 April 2011 - 12:18 PM.
506	undertow	2011-04-25	I agree that the assassin's line was a bit off, but overall I'm very pleased with almost everything, including most of the changes.  The Hound has been toned down from a cartoonish bad guy; all of the scenes worked well; and I thought the Cat-Cersei scene was brilliantly sociopathic.  
My biggest complaint about this episode is the lack of Renly.  I loved the part of the book where Renly laughed at Joffrey until he was kicked out.  It was a great introduction.
That said, the Dany storyline is definitely the weakest link of the series, and I don't think it's been handled particularly well.  Either that, or it was already really goofy, and I'm only noticing now that it's on screen.
					
					
							Edited by undertow, 25 April 2011 - 01:37 PM.
507	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-25	That said, the Dany storyline is definitely the weakest link of the  series, and I don't think it's been handled particularly well.  Either  that, or it was already really goofy, and I'm only noticing now that  it's on screen.To be honest I always felt Dany's chapters to be a  bit disconnected to the series until Vaes Dothrak. If anything, I find it better on screen than reading her chapters.
508	cybroleach	2011-04-25	I actually think this epp was more masterfully done then the first one sure Arya's snappy line could be added but leaving out Yoren/Renly/Barr Jorey and probably some others is better for tv id say since it alows for more time to develop the major characters we already have, which was very well done in this epp vs the first one.
509	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-25	Funny, I always hated the "it should have been you" line, so I wasn't at all upset that it was missing. Having Ned in the room was strange for me though - was he there in the books, at the end?My favorite line was there - Tyrion's "but life is full of these little ironies" and the delivery was perfect. Weird, I loved the assassin's delivery. Must be a taste thing? Having a lack of wolves on-screen is understandable, its just damn hard to film. Not introducing Renly was the right move, too many new characters on-screen etc, he would've been glossed over.Most of the line-changes mentioned aren't important. I welcome a change to Cersei's character, since I see it as a weaker part of the books.And I agree with all of this. I don't think Cersei was lying about having Robert's child, actually. Either there has been a decision to emphasize how she did kind of feel okay about Robert at some point, or we're going to find out that she had the child killed herself, or something like that.
510	Solmyr	2011-04-25	I liked this change to help separate the duty to behead a deserter as a lord from a very personal act he has to take as a father.  Far more personal with one hand on Lady and the other on his dagger.I perceive it very differently. Ice, wielded by the hand of the Lord of Winterfell makes for executing a sentence. In the book, Ned does the deed himself partly as an act of defiance against Cercei - she tries to pass the sentence (Robert walks away), but he denies her the pleasure. Then he sends the bones north saying "The Lannister woman will not have this hide".All of this is in full consistency with what Ned tells Bran in chapter one - "the man who passes the sentence must swing the sword". Any butcher or huntsman can cut an animal's throat with a dagger. In the medieval society the headsman's sword is a rare gift reserved for nobles. A lord's sword is the best anyone in Westeros could hope for, in terms of an execution (Davos also insisted that Stannis wield the blade in his finger cutting, as an act of respect. The only reason they used a cleaver instead of a sword is because it was less messy).Yes, I agree it is much more convenient to film it with a dagger in the kennel. Even in the book GRRM does not show us the execution scene - it would be hard to write a scene where a man beheads a wolf, even harder to film it.
511	Snow White	2011-04-25	She wasn't lying though.  Why would she lie about having a dark haired child?  I think this was added to set up the "kings sons" mystery more than anything.  Cercei might be a cold, conniving woman, but remember in the books she didn't want Jamie to kill Bran, and she wasn't the one who killed Jon Arryn.  She does have a few scruples, though they seem to go away as she grasps for more power.This surprised me also, but it's a clue to non-readers who don't have quite as much to go on.You misread my post.  I know he doesn't name his wolf until after he wakes up.  But there's been NOTHING about him being unable to name his direwolf so far.  A simple line from Rob saying something like "And Bran was never able to think of a name for his wolf" would have sufficed.  It was important that everyone had named their wolves but Bran, and why the eventual choice of the name Summer was so important as well.  But here, they just gloss over it.  They didn't even talk about how the wolves would wail constantly since Bran fell, and how hearing them seemed to give him strength.  Just a few lines of dialogue in the show could convey this, but for some reason the producers don't feel the need to layer in these important bits, which they could easily do.They don't talk about the wolves howling (well, Cat did.) We hear them howling. That's how you do it in a TV show.And really, wasn't the important bit that Bran named Summer after he awoke, and not that it had taken him so long?
512	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	In the book, when Jon is saying goodbye to Bran, GRRM writes it in such a way where it seems like Catelyn actually is touched by Jon's farewell, so when she calls out his name before he leaves, you feel like there will be some type of redemption there.  But instead, the line is so shocking, because it shows how much of a "stoneheart" Catelyn really is, and this goes towards her turning into such an evil creature later after she's killed.  I actually think that line was very important.We disagree on the importance of that then. I didn't think she was warming up to Jon in the book, but that's a side note.She wasn't lying though.  Why would she lie about having a dark haired child?  I think this was added to set up the "kings sons" mystery more than anything.  Cercei might be a cold, conniving woman, but remember in the books she didn't want Jamie to kill Bran, and she wasn't the one who killed Jon Arryn.  She does have a few scruples, though they seem to go away as she grasps for more power.Until I see something that makes it clearly deviate from the book, I will take it as that she was lying, something that's certainly within her character. We'll see as the show goes on. She lost a child but she didn't want to have it.She didn't want Jaime to kill Bran but she did want Bran to die when the deed was already done, which she also clearly confesses to her brothers. Killing someone and wishing someone already subjected to attempted murder to die are not the same things.You misread my post.  I know he doesn't name his wolf until after he wakes up.  But there's been NOTHING about him being unable to name his direwolf so far.  A simple line from Rob saying something like "And Bran was never able to think of a name for his wolf" would have sufficed.  It was important that everyone had named their wolves but Bran, and why the eventual choice of the name Summer was so important as well.  But here, they just gloss over it.  They didn't even talk about how the wolves would wail constantly since Bran fell, and how hearing them seemed to give him strength.  Just a few lines of dialogue in the show could convey this, but for some reason the producers don't feel the need to layer in these important bits, which they could easily do.Yes, I see how you meant it now but we have vastly different opinions on what's important then. Bran not naming his wolf for a while is not important in my view, it's not even important that the direwolf is named Summer. Things that are important are that Bran likes to climb and gets thrown out a window, that Tyrion is a dwarf etc. Bran naming Summer is a small detail that doesn't affect the plot at all and there are lots of other similar details that have been left out, and some have been put in. They have to choose. Note that I'm talking about 'important' in a general sense as what details are important to us personally differ and are not something that's relevant to how they make the show.And the wolves were howling and they don't really need to talk about what we already hear. Again it's not important to the plot exactly why so they don't have to to point that out for the new viewers. This is a clear case of where the book can be used as a companion to the series, i.e. where you get more understanding of details by having read it.Um, I've seen plenty.  In the two scenes they've shared, major bits of dialogue have been left out.  I know that the producers gave Tyrion a lot of Donnel Noye's lines at the Wall, but the bit where Tyrion tells Jon about the "hard truths" plays into why he helps Samwell out later on.  I guess they could re-arrange the dialogue to have that come later, but it was conspicuous in its absense.  You really see Jon and Tyrion's friendship grow in the book, culminating in that final chance meeting on the top of the wall.  So far, I don't see the connection being that strong.  Jon seems far too sullen.Major bits of dialog has been left out everywhere so that's hardly a surprise. And Tyrion having Donal Noye's lines plays on the education part in a similar manner. And we disagree about their friendship. We get to see what they are thinking about in the book and none of them thinks about the other after they've parted. Hardly a sign of a great friendship.These are my favorite books of all time.  Long have I imagined what they would be like if they became a movie or TV show.  And some of the best moments - little lines of dialgue, and small details - are being left out and I just don't understand why. They can word-for-word have Tyrion recite what he wants for breakfast in the book, but when it comes to major scenes they gotta change stuff?  It just makes no sense to me.  Maybe if I could hear the producer's views on this stuff, it might make a difference.  I'm still watching the show and enjoying it, but these small changes really take me out of the "viewer" mindset and make me instantly critical.  The whole time with Arya and Joffrey, I was waiting for her to say "She didn't hurt you... much," I was on the edge of my seat, yelling "Say it! SAY IT!" and then she just sullenly looks at Joff and tosses the sword in the river.  It was such a let down, especially since it was one simple line of dialogue that could have easily been added.I'm not criticizing you about it, just saying that I think your expectations are a bit too high to be able to fully enjoy it for what it is as friendly advice. These are my favorite books as well and I'm watching this with fairly good knowledge of how adaptations are made, and how they usually turn out. That makes it so I'm rather pleasantly surprised at every detail that's left in, rather than annoyed at everything I like in the book that's left out. Pretty much every fantasy series before this has been far worse than this so I don't think what we've gotten was even realistic to expect. So if I've heard "She didn't hurt you... much" I'd have thought "cool, they got that in" (even though I don't think that particular line is one of Martin's better) rather than be annoyed when it wasn't left in.What's important in an adaptation is keeping true to the spirit, not making things play out exactly like the original. I want an artistic adaptation that becomes it's own entity when I watch this. If I want to make sure I get to hear my favorite lines from the book I'll read that again.However, I did like all the Danny scenes this episode.  It was essentially 1 Danny chapter spread out over the course of the show, and that pacing seemed good since we got all the information we needed, and the final lovemaking scene between Danny and Drago hit all the right notes for their relationship.  Makes me think that if the producers had a little more time, they could really be nailing the tone and intent of the books, but they seem rushed to fit so much story into 10 hours.Yes, that's exactly the issue. They have to pick and choose by so many things that are in the book, together with making their own thing. At times things are explained in dialog in the book where you can just suffice with the fact that in the show you actually have visuals that speak for you. 10 hours is a short amount of time to tell what's on 700 pages of a pretty intricate story. This far they are doing clearly better than I thought they would.From what we've heard the pace is the highest in the first two episodes (at least out of the first six) so hopefully things will get even better.
513	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-25	Bran not saying "His name is Summer" is really not an issue, in fact it would be off base seeing as how we don't have Bran's inner thoughts. Remember it was Bran in his climbing chapter that actually gives all the names of the pups. He thinks Rickon's is silly, also same of Arya and Sansa's names but wished he thought of Grey Wind and Ghost, although knows Ghost wouldn't be a good name for his.
514	TreeTree	2011-04-25	Overall, I thought episode 2 was much better than the first one.  But still, some changes really had me scratching my head.1.  "It should have been you."Again, a great line that really nails the relationship between two characters, completely disregarded for no good reason.3.  Queen Cercei going to see BranThis was an odd scene to me.  Yes, it fleshes out Cercei's character a bit, but the notion that she ever would allow herself to birth a child of Robert's is a complete left turn from the character as she's written in the books.  In the books, she was so full of hate for Robert she aborted the only child he ever impregnated her with.  An odd decision, though I see why they did it.Another thing I noticed about Catelyn in the show was that she acted really whiny about Ned leaving. In the book she was much stronger about it because she knew it HAD to be done. Especially after the letter she received from her sister. She NEVER threw it in his face that he had to be the king's hand. In the show, she whined about him making a choice he didn't have to make. As far as the Queen goes, I like my Cersei cold, hard, and as bitchy as possible. I didn't appreciate the tender moment bullshit in Bran's sickroom. Are they trying to make us like the character? If so, why? This leads me to believe that they will indeed take Cersei's character in a different direction from the book in future episodes. I do still love the show, but I don't see the reason for the subtle changes. So sue me, I'm a purist.
					
					
							Edited by TreeTree, 25 April 2011 - 03:55 PM.
515	TreeTree	2011-04-25	I think you overstate the importance of that line. We haven't had much build up in the dislike Cat has for Jon and to suddenly go from moderately subtle to all guns blazing could very well seem a bit odd. Especially since it never leads anywhere.I think the scene actually depicts something else; Cersei so cold and calculating that she can stand and lie into the face of the mother of he child she has indirectly tried to kill. To me the lie was fairly obvious, given the extreme difference to what she said to Tyrion about Bran's life. I think she just needed to assess the situation with her own eyes, plus that she of course helps remove suspicions by acting respectful in grief.I'm with you on the Catelyn line. I don't think it was necessary either. She told Jon to get out which shows that she hates him and even talked about it with Ned. What more do we need?On the other hand, I don't think the scene with Cersei was a good addition. It wasn't an obvious lie to me. It seemed like they were trying to make her likable. The best thing about Cersei is that she's so UNlikable. To go to Bran's room and say she's praying for him, blah blah blah is one thing. I would believe that as a lie considering the other scenes. But to show real emotion over her own dead child seems like too much of a variation from the book and misleads people who haven't read them. I'm wondering if they are trying to change her for the show, since in one of the pre-show specials the actress said that she thinks Cersei really did love Robert at one time. All of us know that isn't true. What book did she read?
516	Blue Steel	2011-04-25	"It should have been you" was a cliched and over the top.  I'm glad they kept it out.  It would have been so cheesy.
517	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	I'm with you on the Catelyn line. I don't think it was necessary either. She told Jon to get out which shows that she hates him and even talked about it with Ned. What more do we need?On the other hand, I don't think the scene with Cersei was a good addition. It wasn't an obvious lie to me. It seemed like they were trying to make her likable. The best thing about Cersei is that she's so UNlikable. To go to Bran's room and say she's praying for him, blah blah blah is one thing. I would believe that as a lie considering the other scenes. But to show real emotion over her own dead child seems like too much of a variation from the book and misleads people who haven't read them. I'm wondering if they are trying to change her for the show, since in one of the pre-show specials the actress said that she thinks Cersei really did love Robert at one time. All of us know that isn't true. What book did she read?There's definitely room for interpretation but since she's so cold in wising Bran dead just a while earlier I see it as her being extraordinarily adept at trickery. As for her character I don't think she's that unlikeable in the books once we actually get to know her a bit. I feel more pity than dislike. The show will show us more of how characters "really are" since we're not just seeing Stark enemies from Stark eyes, we're seeing them for what they are (like we do with Jaime and Cersei later in the book series). As for Cersei loving Robert, I don't think that's far fetched at all. In AFFC we do learn that she thought Robert was handsome and heroic before they wed (perhaps transferring her feelings for Rhaegar to him) so it seems like she was at some point open to the possibility of that it could work well. When it didn't work she starts loathing him, blaming him for killing Rhaegar and falling back to her true comfort; Jaime.As for what book Lena read, none. She's only read the script because she thinks that's the best way to go about this.
518	Balefont	2011-04-25	As for what book Lena read, none. She's only read the script because she thinks that's the best way to go about this.I think given her character arc, this may actually be a wise choice.
519	Civfan	2011-04-25	This was an odd scene to me. Yes, it fleshes out Cercei's character a bit, but the notion that she ever would allow herself to birth a child of Robert's is a complete left turn from the character as she's written in the books. In the books, she was so full of hate for Robert she aborted the only child he ever impregnated her with. An odd decision, though I see why they did it."I think I mentioned this in another thread but I was thinking she killed the baby.  Maybe they'll clear that up later, I figured it was to both mention the dark hair/light hair thing and to replace her aborting the baby.
520	The_Halfhand	2011-04-25	We disagree on the importance of that then. I didn't think she was warming up to Jon in the book, but that's a side note.She wasn't, but it seemed like it in that scene.  Read it again, you'll see what I mean.  I guess in the over-all view of the story its a small thing, but its those little details that make the books so enjoyable.Until I see something that makes it clearly deviate from the book, I will take it as that she was lying, something that's certainly within her character. We'll see as the show goes on. She lost a child but she didn't want to have it.That's already a clear deviation from the book.  But it seems to me that Cercei loves her children, and she wouldn't kill her own child if it had already been born.She didn't want Jaime to kill Bran but she did want Bran to die when the deed was already done, which she also clearly confesses to her brothers. Killing someone and wishing someone already subjected to attempted murder to die are not the same things.Sure she wanted Bran to die after the fact because she was worried about what he might say.  But she didn't send the assassin after him, and if you remember from the books, she was very upset with Jamie over what he did.  So its not out of character for her to be sad over what happened to Bran.Yes, I see how you meant it now but we have vastly different opinions on what's important then. Bran not naming his wolf for a while is not important in my view, it's not even important that the direwolf is named Summer. Things that are important are that Bran likes to climb and gets thrown out a window, that Tyrion is a dwarf etc. Bran naming Summer is a small detail that doesn't affect the plot at all and there are lots of other similar details that have been left out, and some have been put in. They have to choose. Note that I'm talking about 'important' in a general sense as what details are important to us personally differ and are not something that's relevant to how they make the show.Naming his wolf Summer after looking into the heart of winter is pretty important if you ask me.  There's a lot of symbolism there, and Bran's relationship with Summer is probably the most important one in the books next to Jon and Ghost.  I think that's my biggest criticism of the show is that they strip out all the nuance and symbolism that could easily be layered into the narrative.And the wolves were howling and they don't really need to talk about what we already hear. Again it's not important to the plot exactly why so they don't have to to point that out for the new viewers. This is a clear case of where the book can be used as a companion to the series, i.e. where you get more understanding of details by having read it.Yes, I heard the wolves howling, but there was no context to it for those who haven't read the books.  The didn't know Catelyn had banned the wolves from the tower.  They didn't know they had been howling since Bran's fall.  They didn't know Bran seemed to do better when he could hear them howl.  My point is it would not have been hard to explain these things and give them more meaning.  That, and the howls were awful soft so if you weren't listening for them, they could be easily overlooked.Major bits of dialog has been left out everywhere so that's hardly a surprise. And Tyrion having Donal Noye's lines plays on the education part in a similar manner. And we disagree about their friendship. We get to see what they are thinking about in the book and none of them thinks about the other after they've parted. Hardly a sign of a great friendship.You can disagree all you like, but its made clear in the books that they form a friendship from the time they spent together (the handshake? remember?).  This friendship is referenced a few times in the other books, and will no doubt pay off much later in the series when Tyrion, Jon, and Danny all come together.  I don't mind changing dialogue or cutting stuff, but there are signature lines from the books that can easily be includedn in the show but for some reason are left out.  It just makes me scratch my head, confused.I'm not criticizing you about it, just saying that I think your expectations are a bit too high to be able to fully enjoy it for what it is as friendly advice. These are my favorite books as well and I'm watching this with fairly good knowledge of how adaptations are made, and how they usually turn out. That makes it so I'm rather pleasantly surprised at every detail that's left in, rather than annoyed at everything I like in the book that's left out. Pretty much every fantasy series before this has been far worse than this so I don't think what we've gotten was even realistic to expect. So if I've heard "She didn't hurt you... much" I'd have thought "cool, they got that in" (even though I don't think that particular line is one of Martin's better) rather than be annoyed when it wasn't left in.Then you watch the show differently than I do.  The books are damn near perfect in my opinion, and they're doing a good job of adapting them, but some of their changes make no sense to me.  Hopefully there will be Commentaries on the DVDs to explain why they made the changes they did.What's important in an adaptation is keeping true to the spirit, not making things play out exactly like the original. I want an artistic adaptation that becomes it's own entity when I watch this. If I want to make sure I get to hear my favorite lines from the book I'll read that again.I agree, but the more faithful they can stay to the books, the better the adaptation will be.  I can see them doing stuff like this for a movie version, but they have a lot of time to play with in a TV show, and part of what make the books so enjoyable are these signature moments that Martin layers in there.  So if you think its cool they can take Tyrion's breakfast order word-for-word from the book but leave out lines that carry a powerful impact and set up things later in the series, that's a matter of your taste versus mine.Yes, that's exactly the issue. They have to pick and choose by so many things that are in the book, together with making their own thing. At times things are explained in dialog in the book where you can just suffice with the fact that in the show you actually have visuals that speak for you. 10 hours is a short amount of time to tell what's on 700 pages of a pretty intricate story. This far they are doing clearly better than I thought they would.From what we've heard the pace is the highest in the first two episodes (at least out of the first six) so hopefully things will get even better.I'm sure the show will get better as time goes on, but its not the fact they're making changes that annoys me.  Its that they eliminate simple things they could EASILY include in the show to make it richer and more faithful to the books, and yet they leave them out.Geaorge Martin said when he wrote his episode, it was easy, because he just took what was already on the page and put it into screenplay form.  Makes me wonder why the other writers couldn't do the same thing.
521	Ser Luke	2011-04-25	Did that conversation between Jaime and Jon happen in the books? I don't have them handy and I don't remember it.
522	Winterfelled	2011-04-25	It seems like people are expecting a shot-for-shot remake of the books. This same kind of unnecessary whining happened during the LOTR movies, so I'm not surprised, but it's still frustrating. 
Even though "It's not television, it's HBO," it's still a television series, and the rules are different than in literature. They didn't simply make this show for George's readership; they are counting on some new fans who haven't (and likely never will) read the books to becoming regular viewers. 
While I would have liked to see Cat say "It should have been you," I totally understand why they changed it. She's a major sympathetic character, and viewers are going to have a hard time rooting for someone who just wished that kind of harm on an innocent teenager. As horrible as it was to read in the books, it's even worse to see happen, and I understand why it was probably too big of a risk. The nature of their relationship was framed perfectly by the replacement line. 
This episode, in my opinion, blew the first one away. It was head and shoulders above the first. The drama was high, the knife scene was excellent and believable, and they made the direwolf saving Bran look great, when so many animal-human action scenes, especially on TV, come off badly.
I'm so bummed Sean Bean won't be a bigger part of the series. The scene when the Hound (another great performance, by the way) is walking his horse with the butcher's boy draped over the back, and Ned says "You ran him down?" the pain and horror in Sean's voice anchored the whole episode. You could really feel his frustration and confusion in that one sentence. Absolutely brilliant.
523	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	She wasn't, but it seemed like it in that scene.  Read it again, you'll see what I mean.  I guess in the over-all view of the story its a small thing, but its those little details that make the books so enjoyable.I remember what you're referring to as I read the book recently. I fully agree that a lot of what makes the books truly great are in the details. Unfortunately we just won't see all of them in the show.That's already a clear deviation from the book.  But it seems to me that Cercei loves her children, and she wouldn't kill her own child if it had already been born.Yes, I was referring specifically to that Cersei had been pregnant with Robert's child. I just watched the "Behind the Episode" video and they touched on this subject. They didn't say anything definitive (I guess it's up to each viewer to decide) but they felt that she was in part honest and in part deceitful in that scene.Sure she wanted Bran to die after the fact because she was worried about what he might say.  But she didn't send the assassin after him, and if you remember from the books, she was very upset with Jamie over what he did.  So its not out of character for her to be sad over what happened to Bran.Yes, I never said that she was so anxious for him to die that she would do something about it, I just noted her wish. As for the scene above, I think she was mainly sad when she thought of her own child and more deceitful and scouting when it came to Bran. But as said, it's for each of us to decide until the show gives us any direct answer. That's the beauty of art, that a part is created when every individual experiences it.Yes, I heard the wolves howling, but there was no context to it for those who haven't read the books.  The didn't know Catelyn had banned the wolves from the tower.  They didn't know they had been howling since Bran's fall.  They didn't know Bran seemed to do better when he could hear them howl.  My point is it would not have been hard to explain these things and give them more meaning.  That, and the howls were awful soft so if you weren't listening for them, they could be easily overlooked.Yes, the non-readers will not get everything like that. I don't really agree that they could have included all the details you mention well though as it would make the scene awfully chatty with little breathing space to let the emotions sink in. But that's just my opinion.I don't think anyone actually missed the howling though as Cat freaked out and told Robb to shut the window so the sound would stop.You can disagree all you like, but its made clear in the books that they form a friendship from the time they spent together (the handshake? remember?).  This friendship is referenced a few times in the other books, and will no doubt pay off much later in the series when Tyrion, Jon, and Danny all come together.  I don't mind changing dialogue or cutting stuff, but there are signature lines from the books that can easily be includedn in the show but for some reason are left out.  It just makes me scratch my head, confused.I can and I will. I think they found respect for each other and saw some of themselves in the other but I don't see that part being hard to tell with what I've already seen. If Jon and Tyrion meet again, I don't see them acting like they are seeing a dear friend for the first time in years. I see them having trust and keep building on their relationship. When it comes to Jon and deep friendship, I think of Sam.Then you watch the show differently than I do.  The books are damn near perfect in my opinion, and they're doing a good job of adapting them, but some of their changes make no sense to me.  Hopefully there will be Commentaries on the DVDs to explain why they made the changes they did.I don't go as far as to call them near perfection, although they are still the best I've read all in all. As for explaining things as why a certain line wasn't included, I can't fuel your hopes with my expectations since I don't see them going into detail about that. If they talk about specific lines, they'll be talking about lines that are in the show. I suppose you could try to get a question about a specific line or two through if someone that's about to interview them are taking questions from fans though (like Ran recently did).I agree, but the more faithful they can stay to the books, the better the adaptation will be.  I can see them doing stuff like this for a movie version, but they have a lot of time to play with in a TV show, and part of what make the books so enjoyable are these signature moments that Martin layers in there.  So if you think its cool they can take Tyrion's breakfast order word-for-word from the book but leave out lines that carry a powerful impact and set up things later in the series, that's a matter of your taste versus mine.I agree, with the change to "the more faithful they can be to the spirit of the books...". Making an adaptation that follows a novel word for word is commonly seen as a bad way to do it (something George has said as well).And yes, I'm fine with that scene. It's not much more than 10 seconds that shows us a bit of what they are eating in the North, it visually shows us a hall of Winterfell and is a nice lead in to the breakfast discussion. I don't think the quality of the episode had been any better if they took those 10 seconds and explained that Cat didn't allow Summer to be in Bran's room. And if I were to do such time puzzles with the episode I'd be sitting here for hours, given the amount of lines that are not in the show. It's unfortunate for you if your entertainment gets diminished by lines you know that aren't contradicted but not just said. With that mindset there's not really much you can do to mitigate it.I'm sure the show will get better as time goes on, but its not the fact they're making changes that annoys me.  Its that they eliminate simple things they could EASILY include in the show to make it richer and more faithful to the books, and yet they leave them out.Geaorge Martin said when he wrote his episode, it was easy, because he just took what was already on the page and put it into screenplay form.  Makes me wonder why the other writers couldn't do the same thing.Putting it in screenplay form doesn't mean writing the same thing on another paper, it means adapting dialog and everything else to fit to the scenes. I don't really see the point in critiquing George's episode and others in comparison to it before it's been aired. George has also said that the other screenwriters have been very faithful to his work so there's nothing saying that his will be significantly different if we just go by a few sentences he's happened to have said. We'll get the actual result in a few weeks.It's also interesting to see that when we look at the reviews of the first six episodes the scene readers and non-readers alike have praised the most has been one that's completely new.
524	sonny	2011-04-25	Another thing I noticed about Catelyn in the show was that she acted really whiny about Ned leaving. In the book she was much stronger about it because she knew it HAD to be done. Especially after the letter she received from her sister. She NEVER threw it in his face that he had to be the king's hand. In the show, she whined about him making a choice he didn't have to make. Incorrect ser! After Bran fell, she begged Ned not to go and was initially bitter about it. It's not written out in dialogue but her narration makes it quite clear. "He had no choice, he had told her, and then left, choosing." I actually appreciated this version better because she didn't want him to go from the start instead of being all for it and then all against it. I thought the book version made her seem more irrational.I also thought that whole "It should have been you" line was ridiculous in the book and didn't do her any favors. I think the actress looked angry enough at Jon's presence without having that bit of melodrama in there.
525	Inglorious Pencil	2011-04-25	I think they found respect for each other and saw some of themselves in the other but I don't see that part being hard to tell with what I've already seen. If Jon and Tyrion meet again, I don't see them acting like they are seeing a dear friend for the first time in years. I see them having trust and keep building on their relationship. When it comes to Jon and deep friendship, I think of Sam.I agree. Actually I think that it's true to life - a meaningful encounter like that between Jon and Tyrion doesn't necessarily translate into friendship. I think their relationship represents of those situations where a complete outsider, rather than the people who have been by your side your whole life, says the right thing at the right moment and makes you have an epiphany of sorts. If anything, Tyrion is more of an inspiration than a friend to Jon.It's also interesting to see that when we look at the reviews of the first six episodes the scene readers and non-readers alike have praised the most has been one that's completely new.To be honest, while I'm kind of bothered by some things that have been changed - i.e. Catelyn's characterization, and perhaps Cersei's, though we'll have to see how that plays out in the future - I appreciated most of the additions so far. Maybe because they bring an element of surprise even after years spent in this fandom /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
526	mitsuk0	2011-04-25	probably been said but were on earth is the 3 eyed crow.... thats a pretty big thing in the books, and of course later on.... i don't think they should have missed that
also, very minor but.... why do the maesters not have the collars around their neck?
527	zelticgar	2011-04-25	The collar is there. It is clearly shown dangling near his waste. Most of it is covered by his robes but you can see the different size links when you look to his stomach area.
528	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	probably been said but were on earth is the 3 eyed crow.... thats a pretty big thing in the books, and of course later on.... i don't think they should have missed thatalso, very minor but.... why do the maesters not have the collars around their neck?The current hypothesis is that the creators of the show didn't want too much magic early on, because the presence of magic tends to devalue the merit of a show/book in some people's eyes. I think this might be resolved later either through interviews or maybe DVD comment tracks. I'd be interested in finding out for sure.
529	mitsuk0	2011-04-25	The collar is there. It is clearly shown dangling near his waste. Most of it is covered by his robes but you can see the different size links when you look to his stomach area.ahhh.. isnt the collar worn around their neck? not waste/stomach???ooo prime that makes sense ^^
530	The_Halfhand	2011-04-25	I remember what you're referring to as I read the book recently. I fully agree that a lot of what makes the books truly great are in the details. Unfortunately we just won't see all of them in the show.I can understand them leaving some things out.  But the ones I mentioned are specifically important to character arcs or future stories in the series.  And they could so easily be added.  i think that's the point I'm trying to make.  I don't expect a word-for-word adaptation, and I don't mind them adding and subtracting stuff, but there's so much signature stuff they're leaving out that could easily be added.  That's what concerns me most.Yes, the non-readers will not get everything like that. I don't really agree that they could have included all the details you mention well though as it would make the scene awfully chatty with little breathing space to let the emotions sink in. But that's just my opinion.It would only require a few lines of dialogue.  If you dumped a largely unnecessary scene like Jamie and Jon by the forge, and include a scene about how the family is dealing with Bran's fall, you could easily get all of that across.  But I guess showing Jamie being a prick is more important that the Starks mourning over Bran and exploring the strange relationship they have with their wolves. *shrug*I can and I will. I think they found respect for each other and saw some of themselves in the other but I don't see that part being hard to tell with what I've already seen. If Jon and Tyrion meet again, I don't see them acting like they are seeing a dear friend for the first time in years. I see them having trust and keep building on their relationship. When it comes to Jon and deep friendship, I think of Sam.From page 213 of the paperback:"Thank you, my lord of Lannister."  He pulled off his glove and offered his bare hand.  "Friend."Tyrion found himself oddly touched. "Most of my kin are bastards," he said with a wry smile, "but you're the first I've had to friend."  He pulled a glove off with his teeth and clasped Snow by the hand, flesh against flesh.  The boy's grip was firm and strong.Yes, Jon is better friends with Sam, and Grenn, and Pyp, etc.  But make no mistake, he IS friends with Tyrion as well, and its because the dwarf gave him such good council.  And the lessons Tyrion gave Jon help form him into the man he becomes.  That's why I'd like to see their scenes together stick closer to what they are in the book, because they will not be together again for a long, long time.I agree, with the change to "the more faithful they can be to the spirit of the books...". Making an adaptation that follows a novel word for word is commonly seen as a bad way to do it (something George has said as well).And I don't expect a word-for-word adaptation, but I expect them to know what fans want to see and work it into the show.  A lot of the stuff they are leaving out is stuff that would make fans of the books squeeeeeeee.  So its just odd that they're leaving so much of it out in favor of other things that aren't necessary.And yes, I'm fine with that scene. It's not much more than 10 seconds that shows us a bit of what they are eating in the North, it visually shows us a hall of Winterfell and is a nice lead in to the breakfast discussion.Here's the thing though - I'm fine with the scene as well because its almost VERBATUM from the book, down to the breakfast order.  So why can't they do that with other scenes when it can be done just as easily?  That's my point.  You could easily cut Tyrion ordering breakfast and slip in another quick scene about the direwolves, let's say, and still get across the same information.  But they chose to stick to the book exactly for that scene and not others.  Why?  I don't mind hearing Tyrion asking for burned bacon, but when so much other stuff is left out for no good reason, it makes me wonder where the writer's priorities lie.I don't think the quality of the episode had been any better if they took those 10 seconds and explained that Cat didn't allow Summer to be in Bran's room. And if I were to do such time puzzles with the episode I'd be sitting here for hours, given the amount of lines that are not in the show. It's unfortunate for you if your entertainment gets diminished by lines you know that aren't contradicted but not just said. With that mindset there's not really much you can do to mitigate it.I disagree.  I think the quality would have been much better the more information and backstory they could have put in.  I do enjoy the show, but not as much as I would if they could hit all the right beats to it.Putting it in screenplay form doesn't mean writing the same thing on another paper, it means adapting dialog and everything else to fit to the scenes. I don't really see the point in critiquing George's episode and others in comparison to it before it's been aired. George has also said that the other screenwriters have been very faithful to his work so there's nothing saying that his will be significantly different if we just go by a few sentences he's happened to have said. We'll get the actual result in a few weeks.I've adapted books and stories for screenplays before, so I'm aware of what goes into it.  Keep in mind, I don't mind changes and new additions.  But I do mind editing out awesome stuff from the book that could easily be in the show.  See my point?  Its not enough to ruin the show, but it is enough to annoy a fan of the books.  Just saying.It's also interesting to see that when we look at the reviews of the first six episodes the scene readers and non-readers alike have praised the most has been one that's completely new.Not sure what scene you're referring to, but its easy to praise a new scene because there's nothing to be disappointed by from it.  The direwolf scene was horribly handled, and they're making Jon far to sullen.  Tyrion's scenes are changed too much for my liking, especially when he's with Jon.  But whatever, the show is still good.  I just would like to see them stick a little closer to the book in the details.  If a show like LOST can layer in all kinds of easter eggs and subtlety I'm sure this show can do that because it's far better than LOST.Also, keep in mind the purpose of this thread is to highlight what was different from the books to the episode, not a true critique of the episode.  So you can argue with me about the quality of the show, but you can't argue over what they decided to leave in and leave out.  :-)
531	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	Not sure what scene you're referring to, but its easy to praise a new scene because there's nothing to be disappointed by from it.  The direwolf scene was horribly handled, and they're making Jon far to sullen.Did we read the same book? Jon was sullen and cantankerous until he got some sense beaten into him at the NW. It was at the NW that he got over his bastard status to see that yes, he was a bastard, but he's still a noble for all that and had a good life compared to most others that he now calls brothers. The only exception is when he interacts with Arya and Bran, and to some extent Robb. When I read the book I thought of him as "oh, the emo-goth of the family - each family's gotta have one. Look, even his wolf is all white and pale and tragic."
532	Relic	2011-04-26	I hated the exclusion of the Three Eyed Crow and the naming of Summer. No good reason to leave either of those out, other than to dumb things down.
533	The_Halfhand	2011-04-26	Did we read the same book? Jon was sullen and cantankerous until he got some sense beaten into him at the NW. It was at the NW that he got over his bastard status to see that yes, he was a bastard, but he's still a noble for all that and had a good life compared to most others that he now calls brothers. The only exception is when he interacts with Arya and Bran, and to some extent Robb. When I read the book I thought of him as "oh, the emo-goth of the family - each family's gotta have one. Look, even his wolf is all white and pale and tragic."I'm pretty sure we did.  In the book Jon is far less mopey than he is in the show.  He has a brooding nature, but we have some chapters of him at Winterfell having fun, smiling, interacting with his siblings, playing with ghost, etc.  It seems all he does in the show is act angry, practice his swordplay, and act all mopey.  I'd like more than a 1-note Jon Snow.
534	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-26	I hated the exclusion of the Three Eyed Crow and the naming of Summer. No good reason to leave either of those out, other than to dumb things down.I can understand being disappointed that they have been excluded so far, but I doubt it's to "dumb down" the show. I don't think "His name is Summer" line would have worked as well without the dream set up and having Bran dramatically wake up as Lady died and ending the episode there was an awesome way to do it from a TV perspective. It communicates to the viewers that there's some special connection between the kids and wolves, and it makes them want to turn in next week to see what happens when Bran tells what he saw. Of course we know he doesn't remember, but non-readers won't unless they've spoilered themselves.One of the promotional posters had the Three Eyed Crow in it, so we're going to see it eventually or else they wouldn't have made the artwork for it. Patience. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm really shocked that some people think that scene with Ceresi and Catelyn was added to make Ceresi likable. If that was the producers' intention, it failed miserably because the show clearly established that Ceresi wants Bran to die and has good reason to want him to die. Therefore her story to Catelyn (while it probably has a grain of truth to it) is nothing but a manipulative ploy.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 26 April 2011 - 01:17 AM.
535	KyleLitke	2011-04-26	I'd wait til the beginning of next episode before I'd totally discount Bran's dream anyway. They could pick up from a few minutes before he wakes up. They may also skip the dream and just describe it, which for now would be fine.
There's no real way to do the dream in that episode and have it work, not without totally changing the episodes ending. They went with a dramatic juxtaposition of Lady dying as Bran wakes up. If you show the dream, how do you do that? You can't cut away from the whole thing with Lady to suddenly show this random crow dream, then cut back to it then Bran waking up...doesn't work. You could have, I suppose, done the buildup, then cut to the dream, then Brans eyes opening (but NOT with him naming Summer, that's an episode ending line, not a "pre Lady death" line), then gone to Ned killing Lady, but eh. I thought the way they handled it worked, and if you're doing it that way, the dream doesn't fit and would have entirely taken viewers out of the moment. 
Kind of the same thing with "His name is Summer". It would have been really weird to do it the way it happened in the book. Bran doesn't just suddenly wake up and blurt out to absolutely nobody "His name is Summer!". He wakes up, then someone notices he's awake, then they run out of the room, then they go get Robb, then Robb comes in, and then Bran tells HIM that he named the direwolf Summer. How would you suggest they do it? Bran randomly wakes up yelling Summer to himself? Or they do the dramatic death of Lady then cut away to a minute or two long scene where they go run and get Robb? Neither one works. I was looking for it too but it just doesn't work with the way they wanted to do the episode, and frankly, if the next episode starts with Robb coming in and Bran telling him, it's actually perfectly in line with what happened in the books, they just cut the episode off as his eyes open, rather than as Robb runs in.
536	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	I can understand them leaving some things out.  But the ones I mentioned are specifically important to character arcs or future stories in the series.  And they could so easily be added.  i think that's the point I'm trying to make.  I don't expect a word-for-word adaptation, and I don't mind them adding and subtracting stuff, but there's so much signature stuff they're leaving out that could easily be added.  That's what concerns me most.The problems become clearer when you notice that many of the people wishing that things had been added are wishing for different things.It would only require a few lines of dialogue.  If you dumped a largely unnecessary scene like Jamie and Jon by the forge, and include a scene about how the family is dealing with Bran's fall, you could easily get all of that across.  But I guess showing Jamie being a prick is more important that the Starks mourning over Bran and exploring the strange relationship they have with their wolves. *shrug*Jaime will be a more important character in the show than he is in the first book. Also a meeting between him and Jon, that could have taken place in the book but was never shown, is intriguing to me. It gives me something new, instead of just the same thing I've already read. As for the family dealing with Bran's death, I think that comes across well for many of them without them having to state it too clearly. You can't tell everything too clearly or the show will look like it doesn't think the viewers are very bright. The connection with the wolves is most important for Bran and that can very well be explained more further on. There's nothing forcing them to explain things in the exact same order that the book does.From page 213 of the paperback:"Thank you, my lord of Lannister."  He pulled off his glove and offered his bare hand.  "Friend."Tyrion found himself oddly touched. "Most of my kin are bastards," he said with a wry smile, "but you're the first I've had to friend."  He pulled a glove off with his teeth and clasped Snow by the hand, flesh against flesh.  The boy's grip was firm and strong.Yes, Jon is better friends with Sam, and Grenn, and Pyp, etc.  But make no mistake, he IS friends with Tyrion as well, and its because the dwarf gave him such good council.  And the lessons Tyrion gave Jon help form him into the man he becomes.  That's why I'd like to see their scenes together stick closer to what they are in the book, because they will not be together again for a long, long time.I think there's a lot of difference in calling someone friend like that (which is basically a sign of respect and understanding) and "deep friendship" as you described it. As for Tyrion's council, we have heard Jon say that no one told him the truth but him (we don't see Tyrion but it's obvious that he's talking to him) and that Tyrion gives more advice than he does in the book so the relationship that forms between them will most likely be very clear to the audience. I don't think the relationship hangs on any one line of dialog, it's better written than that.And I don't expect a word-for-word adaptation, but I expect them to know what fans want to see and work it into the show.  A lot of the stuff they are leaving out is stuff that would make fans of the books squeeeeeeee.  So its just odd that they're leaving so much of it out in favor of other things that aren't necessary.What fans want differs a lot. If they can get George happy that's a bigger sign of that they have succeeded than that any individual fan (including me) likes or dislikes it. Not least since George knows more than most fans about adapting things to TV. And again, what's not necessary to you can be that to others. We've obviously not seen eye to eye on the exact importance of various lines from the book. Why people differ in that is not easy to understand, we can only accept that it's so. Some people want the show to be like a photography of the original, others want it to be like a stylized painting.And don't forget that D&D are big fans of the books themselves, even impressing George with their knowledge about the series. They probably know the story just as well as you or I, if not better.Here's the thing though - I'm fine with the scene as well because its almost VERBATUM from the book, down to the breakfast order.  So why can't they do that with other scenes when it can be done just as easily?  That's my point.  You could easily cut Tyrion ordering breakfast and slip in another quick scene about the direwolves, let's say, and still get across the same information.  But they chose to stick to the book exactly for that scene and not others.  Why?  I don't mind hearing Tyrion asking for burned bacon, but when so much other stuff is left out for no good reason, it makes me wonder where the writer's priorities lie.There are lots of things to take into consideration when making a script (no doubt a good deal that I don't even know about) but for your exact example, cutting 10-15 seconds of Tyrion walking to his family and instead inserting a talking scene with detailed information is the kind of thing that would make the show seemed more rushed than it already is. And an entire scene that just lasts 10 seconds will make it look jerky.I disagree.  I think the quality would have been much better the more information and backstory they could have put in.  I do enjoy the show, but not as much as I would if they could hit all the right beats to it.But now you are just talking about giving information and that's what I stated by saying keeping to the spirit of the original. What I said is not something that's good to do is to rip all scenes exactly from the book with the same dialog because books and TV does not play by the same rules and some scenes, or information, is best told in different ways in the two mediums.I've adapted books and stories for screenplays before, so I'm aware of what goes into it.  Keep in mind, I don't mind changes and new additions.  But I do mind editing out awesome stuff from the book that could easily be in the show.  See my point?  Its not enough to ruin the show, but it is enough to annoy a fan of the books.  Just saying.I know what you mean but as someone that hasn't adapted any books for screenplays I still think you've given several examples that would press an already rushed episode over the limit where it becomes clumsy storytelling. Some things are also done from that you are set in that information must be told in the same order as in the book, instead of waiting to see if they chose to spread it out differently in the show.Not sure what scene you're referring to, but its easy to praise a new scene because there's nothing to be disappointed by from it.  The direwolf scene was horribly handled, and they're making Jon far to sullen.  Tyrion's scenes are changed too much for my liking, especially when he's with Jon.  But whatever, the show is still good.  I just would like to see them stick a little closer to the book in the details.  If a show like LOST can layer in all kinds of easter eggs and subtlety I'm sure this show can do that because it's far better than LOST.Also, keep in mind the purpose of this thread is to highlight what was different from the books to the episode, not a true critique of the episode.  So you can argue with me about the quality of the show, but you can't argue over what they decided to leave in and leave out.  :-)They didn't say what scene it was, although my guess is that it's Robert and Cersei talking alone. As for Tyrion, I think he was just as he is in the book with Jon in the forest. Part mocking, part educating but thoroughly honest.And LOST is a bad comparison because that was written directly for TV and the details could be created exactly for that medium. GoT does not have less intricate details (I'd say the contrary given how much they hint to the books without being obvious about it) and Lost definitely is far more shallow than the ASOIAF book series (despite having an average of 20 episodes per season). I've of course only seen two episodes of GoT but this far I think it's better than Lost was when it started.Other than that I disagree with things that Tyrion isn't saying enough to Jon (as I think he seems to say more in the show than in the book given the previews) I haven't disagreed on that things are left out. I've just said that I don't think all those things are as crucial to the plot as you think, plus that I have explained a different way to look at it in order to more easily enjoy it. It's not easy to change your views but it's still worth discussing in my opinion.And from another post:I'm pretty sure we did.  In the book Jon is far less mopey than he is in the show.  He has a brooding nature, but we have some chapters of him at Winterfell having fun, smiling, interacting with his siblings, playing with ghost, etc.  It seems all he does in the show is act angry, practice his swordplay, and act all mopey.  I'd like more than a 1-note Jon Snow.In the show we see him laughing with Robb when they teach Bran how to shoot a bow, he's talking to Arya, Bran, Robb and Benjen (and he's not angry at any of them) and so on. I agree with the other poster that they are portraying him well and your description of all he does in the show is obviously wrong.
537	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	I can understand them leaving some things out.  But the ones I mentioned are specifically important to character arcs or future stories in the series.  And they could so easily be added.  i think that's the point I'm trying to make.  I don't expect a word-for-word adaptation, and I don't mind them adding and subtracting stuff, but there's so much signature stuff they're leaving out that could easily be added.  That's what concerns me most.The problems become clearer when you notice that many of the people wishing that things had been added are wishing for different things.It would only require a few lines of dialogue.  If you dumped a largely unnecessary scene like Jamie and Jon by the forge, and include a scene about how the family is dealing with Bran's fall, you could easily get all of that across.  But I guess showing Jamie being a prick is more important that the Starks mourning over Bran and exploring the strange relationship they have with their wolves. *shrug*Jaime will be a more important character in the show than he is in the first book. Also a meeting between him and Jon, that could have taken place in the book but was never shown, is intriguing to me. It gives me something new, instead of just the same thing I've already read. As for the family dealing with Bran's death, I think that comes across well for many of them without them having to state it too clearly. You can't tell everything too clearly or the show will look like it doesn't think the viewers are very bright. The connection with the wolves is most important for Bran and that can very well be explained more further on. There's nothing forcing them to explain things in the exact same order that the book does.From page 213 of the paperback:"Thank you, my lord of Lannister."  He pulled off his glove and offered his bare hand.  "Friend."Tyrion found himself oddly touched. "Most of my kin are bastards," he said with a wry smile, "but you're the first I've had to friend."  He pulled a glove off with his teeth and clasped Snow by the hand, flesh against flesh.  The boy's grip was firm and strong.Yes, Jon is better friends with Sam, and Grenn, and Pyp, etc.  But make no mistake, he IS friends with Tyrion as well, and its because the dwarf gave him such good council.  And the lessons Tyrion gave Jon help form him into the man he becomes.  That's why I'd like to see their scenes together stick closer to what they are in the book, because they will not be together again for a long, long time.I think there's a lot of difference in calling someone friend like that (which is basically a sign of respect and understanding) and "deep friendship" as you described it. As for Tyrion's council, we have heard Jon say that no one told him the truth but him (we don't see Tyrion but it's obvious that he's talking to him) and that Tyrion gives more advice than he does in the book so the relationship that forms between them will most likely be very clear to the audience. I don't think the relationship hangs on any one line of dialog, it's better written than that.And I don't expect a word-for-word adaptation, but I expect them to know what fans want to see and work it into the show.  A lot of the stuff they are leaving out is stuff that would make fans of the books squeeeeeeee.  So its just odd that they're leaving so much of it out in favor of other things that aren't necessary.What fans want differs a lot. If they can get George happy that's a bigger sign of that they have succeeded than that any individual fan (including me) likes or dislikes it. Not least since George knows more than most fans about adapting things to TV. And again, what's not necessary to you can be that to others. We've obviously not seen eye to eye on the exact importance of various lines from the book. Why people differ in that is not easy to understand, we can only accept that it's so. Some people want the show to be like a photography of the original, others want it to be like a stylized painting.And don't forget that D&D are big fans of the books themselves, even impressing George with their knowledge about the series. They probably know the story just as well as you or I, if not better.Here's the thing though - I'm fine with the scene as well because its almost VERBATUM from the book, down to the breakfast order.  So why can't they do that with other scenes when it can be done just as easily?  That's my point.  You could easily cut Tyrion ordering breakfast and slip in another quick scene about the direwolves, let's say, and still get across the same information.  But they chose to stick to the book exactly for that scene and not others.  Why?  I don't mind hearing Tyrion asking for burned bacon, but when so much other stuff is left out for no good reason, it makes me wonder where the writer's priorities lie.There are lots of things to take into consideration when making a script (no doubt a good deal that I don't even know about) but for your exact example, cutting 10-15 seconds of Tyrion walking to his family and instead inserting a talking scene with detailed information is the kind of thing that would make the show seemed more rushed than it already is. And an entire scene that just lasts 10 seconds will make it look jerky.I disagree.  I think the quality would have been much better the more information and backstory they could have put in.  I do enjoy the show, but not as much as I would if they could hit all the right beats to it.But now you are just talking about giving information and that's what I stated by saying keeping to the spirit of the original. What I said is not something that's good to do is to rip all scenes exactly from the book with the same dialog because books and TV does not play by the same rules and some scenes, or information, is best told in different ways in the two mediums.I've adapted books and stories for screenplays before, so I'm aware of what goes into it.  Keep in mind, I don't mind changes and new additions.  But I do mind editing out awesome stuff from the book that could easily be in the show.  See my point?  Its not enough to ruin the show, but it is enough to annoy a fan of the books.  Just saying.I know what you mean but as someone that hasn't adapted any books for screenplays I still think you've given several examples that would press an already rushed episode over the limit where it becomes clumsy storytelling. Some things are also done from that you are set in that information must be told in the same order as in the book, instead of waiting to see if they chose to spread it out differently in the show.Not sure what scene you're referring to, but its easy to praise a new scene because there's nothing to be disappointed by from it.  The direwolf scene was horribly handled, and they're making Jon far to sullen.  Tyrion's scenes are changed too much for my liking, especially when he's with Jon.  But whatever, the show is still good.  I just would like to see them stick a little closer to the book in the details.  If a show like LOST can layer in all kinds of easter eggs and subtlety I'm sure this show can do that because it's far better than LOST.Also, keep in mind the purpose of this thread is to highlight what was different from the books to the episode, not a true critique of the episode.  So you can argue with me about the quality of the show, but you can't argue over what they decided to leave in and leave out.  :-)They didn't say what scene it was, although my guess is that it's Robert and Cersei talking alone. As for Tyrion, I think he was just as he is in the book with Jon in the forest. Part mocking, part educating but thoroughly honest.And LOST is a bad comparison because that was written directly for TV and the details could be created exactly for that medium. GoT does not have less intricate details (I'd say the contrary given how much they hint to the books without being obvious about it) and Lost definitely is far more shallow than the ASOIAF book series (despite having an average of 20 episodes per season). I've of course only seen two episodes of GoT but this far I think it's better than Lost was when it started.Other than that I disagree with things that Tyrion isn't saying enough to Jon (as I think he seems to say more in the show than in the book given the previews) I haven't disagreed on that things are left out. I've just said that I don't think all those things are as crucial to the plot as you think, plus that I have explained a different way to look at it in order to more easily enjoy it. It's not easy to change your views but it's still worth discussing in my opinion.And from another post:I'm pretty sure we did.  In the book Jon is far less mopey than he is in the show.  He has a brooding nature, but we have some chapters of him at Winterfell having fun, smiling, interacting with his siblings, playing with ghost, etc.  It seems all he does in the show is act angry, practice his swordplay, and act all mopey.  I'd like more than a 1-note Jon Snow.In the show we see him laughing with Robb when they teach Bran how to shoot a bow, he's talking to Arya, Bran, Robb and Benjen (and he's not angry at any of them) and so on. I agree with the other poster that they are portraying him well and your description of all he does in the show is obviously wrong.
538	Cold Pie	2011-04-26	I hated the exclusion of the Three Eyed Crow and the naming of Summer. No good reason to leave either of those out, other than to dumb things down.I was a bit disappointed of the naming, but I do understand why they didn't film the Three Eyed Crow. They will probably speak of the crow later on and Bran will tell Luwin or someone about his dream, I think that will be both easier and better for a television adaption. If they do leave out the crow (although I don't believe they will), I will be very disappointed.
539	Kaitscralt	2011-04-26	Also a meeting between him and Jon, that could have taken place in the book but was never shown, is intriguing to me. It gives me something new, instead of just the same thing I've already read.This is exactly the way I feel about it. I hated the exclusion of the Three Eyed Crow and the naming of Summer. No good reason to leave either of those out, other than to dumb things down.Don't you think it would have been cheesy, indeed kind of laughable, if the last line of the episode was Bran saying "Your name is Summer." We aren't in his head like the books -- we don't know that choosing a name has been frustrating him, or that Summer is important because of the dreams connections to winter. Non-readers right now are itching for the next episode because 1) Bran seems strangely connected to the death of a wolf and more importantly 2) Bran might have something to say about Jaime and Cersei. The naming just isn't important in the show, and should be done at the next episode. It was definitely the right move to postpone it.It seems all he does in the show is act angry, practice his swordplay, and act all mopey. I'd like more than a 1-note Jon Snow.I disagree. In the books we are told he is on the verge of crying once or twice every chapter for very small reasons. He broods just as much about being a bastard and there is the feast which is yet another mopey scene that we did not see in the show. We see the archery stuff and more joking with Arya in the show, and in the novel we only read more of his thoughts which just make it seem like he is happier. When you're watching the show, even if he looks angsty, there is no reason he cannot be thinking the things he is in the book. So I think it's a fair balance and works just fine.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 26 April 2011 - 07:06 AM.
540	Solmyr	2011-04-26	Non-readers right now are itching for the next episode because 1) Bran seems strangely connected to the death of a wolf and more importantly 2) Bran might have something to say about Jaime and Cersei. The naming just isn't important in the show, and should be done at the next episode. It was definitely the right move to postpone it.And this is exactly what the problem is. So far the show is presenting Bran in a totally misleading manner. Unless they bring in the 3-eyed-crow part of the story very soon, Bran will become the most boring and obsolete character of the TV series for a long time ahead. The non-readers will never understand why he matters for the story and will have no reason to expect any feats of strength from him.I wish to believe that a character of Bran's scale would serve a greater purpose than making viewers anxious between ep1, 2 and 3.P.S. Take Arya as a comparison - the director has gone to great lengths to build her portrait as it should be. The scenes with her are very accurate and I've talked to several friends, who are non-readers - they all love her and perceive her the same way she is portrayed in the books.The simple reason why one of the children takes up so much screen time and effort is obvious - Arya plays a major part in seasons 1, 2 and 3, whereas Bran plays little-no role, if you exclude the green dreams, 3-eyed crow and the entire element of mysticism - and HBO is obviously threading down this path.
					
					
							Edited by Solmyr, 26 April 2011 - 08:09 AM.
541	Kaitscralt	2011-04-26	And this is exactly what the problem is. So far the show is presenting Bran in a totally misleading manner. Unless they bring in the 3-eyed-crow part of the story very soon, Bran will become the most boring and obsolete character of the TV series for a long time ahead. The non-readers will never understand why he matters for the story and will have no reason to expect any feats of strength from him.I wish to believe that a character of Bran's scale would serve a greater purpose than making viewers anxious between ep1, 2 and 3.Well, to be fair, Brans "quest" so far has yielded nothing after four books and most people on these boards say his POV's are their least favorite chapters. I think the show can take their time with him. Besides, all it will take is one conversation about the dream to catch us up.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 26 April 2011 - 08:09 AM.
542	Solmyr	2011-04-26	Well, to be fair, Brans "quest" so far has yielded nothing after four books and most people on these boards say his POV's are their least favorite chapters. I think the show can take their time with him. Besides, all it will take is one conversation about the dream to catch us up.So is it the board that is directing the show now? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I thought it was David Benioff. I doubt GRRM told David "Screw Bran, he is eaten by Coldhands at the beginning of Dance and never seen again. All them dreams were just to keep the fans expectant during the long wait between book3 and 5".And yes, they can bring the dream in a conversation, but I wished to remark that until they do, Bran will seem boring and obsolete (and crippled).
					
					
							Edited by Solmyr, 26 April 2011 - 08:22 AM.
543	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	I doubt GRRM told David "Screw Bran, he is eaten by Coldhands at the beginning of Dance and never seen again. All them dreams were just to keep the fans expectant during the long wait between book3 and 5".I lol'd.   /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />And yes, they can bring the dream in a conversation, but I wished to remark that until they do, Bran will seem boring and obsolete (and crippled).I think they'll do that soon enough.  He just awoke from his coma - give the TV audience time to get adjusted to that.  It was a great way to end the episode; anything else (like a dream sequence which even readers find confusing the first time) would only complicate the matter and lessen the impact.  I think they'll mention the dreams to establish them as fact, then portray one to give the audience an idea of what's going on.  They won't completely abandon that part of the story, which is obviously the crux of Bran's entire arc.
544	Abaddon	2011-04-26	I'm pretty sure we did.  In the book Jon is far less mopey than he is in the show.  He has a brooding nature, but we have some chapters of him at Winterfell having fun, smiling, interacting with his siblings, playing with ghost, etc.  It seems all he does in the show is act angry, practice his swordplay, and act all mopey.  I'd like more than a 1-note Jon Snow.I can only think you completely skipped his great farewell scenes with Arya and Robb.
545	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-26	And this is exactly what the problem is. So far the show is presenting Bran in a totally misleading manner. Unless they bring in the 3-eyed-crow part of the story very soon, Bran will become the most boring and obsolete character of the TV series for a long time ahead. The non-readers will never understand why he matters for the story and will have no reason to expect any feats of strength from him.Wait wait wait. You really think the intention is to totally gut Bran's character and that it's not more likely that they're just going to tell that story some way other than showing a small boy falling through the air conversing with a talking crow? Like, nobody had the idea that maybe that scene would come off better if Bran just told someone, like Maester Luwin, about it instead of the audience living it with him? Because it would look so good on TV?You were probably only noticing the absence of familiar stuff, but there was definitely an aspect of creepy going on in the scene where he wakes up - he doesn't blink, for one. We're supposed to think of weird things that happen to people when they wake up from comas, etc. Just wait until next week.
546	Loras	2011-04-26	Wait wait wait. You really think the intention is to totally gut Bran's character and that it's not more likely that they're just going to tell that story some way other than showing a small boy falling through the air conversing with a talking crow? Like, nobody had the idea that maybe that scene would come off better if Bran just told someone, like Maester Luwin, about it instead of the audience living it with him? Because it would look so good on TV?I agree!  I think that Bran's dreams are the exception to the 'show, don't tell' rule.  The show is trying to establish a realistic world which has multiple layers to engage with the viewers who would dismiss it as a fantasy show.  I think his dreams would be very off putting at this early stage, but I wouldn't be surprised if we saw them later, after a significant amount of world building has been done.  I think it is important to show that most of the characters would dismiss Bran's dreams but that Bran himself believes.  Even that aspect adds depth to the tone of the show.
547	Ran	2011-04-26	Spoilers from later episodes:
	Spoiler The three-eyed crow appears. There are dreams. They are just different and very brief.
548	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-26	Now if only someone could tell me how they're going to pull off the midgets-raping-Westeros scene in the House of the Undying I'll be all set.
549	Ser Greguh	2011-04-26	The dreams obviously weren't shown in the second episode because there simply wasn't the rhythm for them; having Bran wake up the instant Lady is killed conveys much the same message that the dreams did (that there is something off, something supernatural, something very very important going on and that Bran is in touch with it) and they can include dreams at other points to emphasize Bran's role in things to come.  Conversations he will have in the future, likely with Osha and Luwyn, will only reinforce that.  Those who think "omg they didn't show the three-eyed crow while Bran was in a coma! storyline ruined!" are severely lacking in imagination imo.
550	Solmyr	2011-04-26	The show is trying to establish a realistic world which has multiple layers to engage with the viewers who would dismiss it as a fantasy show.Dead rising and supernatural beings wielding swords of ice in the very first scene of the pilot episode. The camera zooming over some dragon's eggs 3-4 times per episode (even non-readers are 99% certain there will be dragons soon). It seems to me the director is desperate to stress the show has fantasy elements in it. Bran's dream is no more fantastical than zombies, supernatural beings made of ice or dragons.Thanks for the info Ran, looking forward to dismissing my fears.
551	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	The dreams obviously weren't shown in the second episode because there simply wasn't the rhythm for them; having Bran wake up the instant Lady is killed conveys much the same message that the dreams did (that there is something off, something supernatural, something very very important going on and that Bran is in touch with it) and they can include dreams at other points to emphasize Bran's role in things to come.Yep.  Notice after Ned draws his dagger - when the scene flashes back to Bran's sickroom, Summer whines and frets a bit.  This enforces the notion of a supernatural connection between the direwolves.  Then at the instant of Lady's death, Bran awakes, which demonstrates his connection with Lady, via Summer.  A hint at the concept of warging, and one that neatly fit the episode's pace and direction.  Bran's dreams (once they occur) will make more sense.
552	Derfel Cadarn	2011-04-26	I was a bit disappointed of the naming, but I do understand why they didn't film the Three Eyed Crow. They will probably speak of the crow later on and Bran will tell Luwin or someone about his dream, I think that will be both easier and better for a television adaption. If they do leave out the crow (although I don't believe they will), I will be very disappointed.It would have been a mistake to show the Crow dream in ep2.  If we had the dream, it would have killed the suspsense as to whether or not bran would die.  It was more dramatic to show his eyes open.  They may well show it or refer to it in ep3.
553	russjass	2011-04-26	I dont really take issue with anything that seem to be bothering people on here, (with the possible exception of Tyrion waking up with the dogs. Why? What does that show?), what I do miss is any mention of the kingsgaurd, any white cloaks at all, even a mention of Roberts seven. This, I believe, would show Jamie in the light he is shown in the first few books, pending revelations later, as a complete bastard. And lower. The strength of disgust related to braking an oath in Martins world is not really conveyed. This could have been included in the extra conversation between Jon and Jaime when they talk about taking the oath for life as a brother of the Nights Watch
554	Xenophon	2011-04-26	I dont really take issue with anything that seem to be bothering people on here, (with the possible exception of Tyrion waking up with the dogs. Why? What does that show?)Yeah, what was that?  Was he supposed to be wasted the night before?As someone who doesn't read/watch much fantasy at all, I agree with the poster who said the director is playing up the fantastical elements of the story.  The show definitely feels fantastic to me.  Really anything set in an alternate world would feel like fantasy, but they seem to have gone out of their way to remind us that this is an alternate world where magic lurks on the edges of the "real".
555	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	Yeah, what was that?  Was he supposed to be wasted the night before?Now that you mention it that was pretty dumb; in the book he's been in the library all night reading then runs into Joff & the Hound on his way to breakfast.  Guess they felt an episode this serious needed Tyrion-on-a-bender for a little comic relief?   /wacko.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wacko:' />
556	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-26	This, I believe, would show Jamie in the light he is shown in the first few books, pending revelations later, as a complete bastard. And lower. The strength of disgust related to braking an oath in Martins world is not really conveyed. Has anyone even referred to him as Kingslayer?
557	russjass	2011-04-26	Has anyone even referred to him as Kingslayer?No.The closest they came was when Jon breifly discussed it with Tyrion, and never actually used the term Kingslayer
558	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	No.The closest they came was when Jon breifly discussed it with Tyrion, and never actually used the term KingslayerIt's coming - next episode is my best guess, judging from the preview clips.
559	Solmyr	2011-04-26	It would have been a mistake to show the Crow dream in ep2.  If we had the dream, it would have killed the suspsense as to whether or not bran would die.  It was more dramatic to show his eyes open.  They may well show it or refer to it in ep3.No, it wouldn't have. If anything, it would've increased the suspense. Bran could have very well died in the dream, as it is shown in the book, had he not chosen to fly. As it is, the only suspense was built in the last ~20secs of ep2, when the camera showed Lady, then Bran, then Lady and finally Bran again, while ominous music played at the background and the viewer wondered "will killing the wolf kill the boy too?". In Bran's dream it was his own will, courage and what he saw in Winter's Heart that made him fly and live. Much more epic.
560	Xenophon	2011-04-26	No, it wouldn't have. If anything, it would've increased the suspense. Bran could have very well died in the dream, as it is shown in the book, had he not chosen to fly. As it is, the only suspense was built in the last ~20secs of ep2, when the camera showed Lady, then Bran, then Lady and finally Bran again, while ominous music played at the background and the viewer wondered "will killing the wolf kill the boy too?". In Bran's dream it was his own will, courage and what he saw in Winter's Heart that made him fly and live. Much more epic.Maybe Ran already ruled this out, but I don't see why they couldn't still have it via flashback/Bran recounting his dream.
561	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	No, it wouldn't have. If anything, it would've increased the suspense. Bran could have very well died in the dream, as it is shown in the book, had he not chosen to fly. As it is, the only suspense was built in the last ~20secs of ep2, when the camera showed Lady, then Bran, then Lady and finally Bran again, while ominous music played at the background and the viewer wondered "will killing the wolf kill the boy too?". In Bran's dream it was his own will, courage and what he saw in Winter's Heart that made him fly and live. Much more epic.They wouldn't go through all the bother of making a special dream sequence for someone that's dying and is going to get killed off before he wakes. The dream would be a stronger sign that he will survive.
562	Relic	2011-04-26	I won't answer everyone, but i think i can summarize my views in a few short sentences and then shut the fuck up about them or change them if/when time comes to do so. 
Basically...i don't need an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire. And i don't want one. The books stand as three of the greatest reading pleasures ive had in my life and i don't like them fucked with in any way. That's what i've realized watching these first two episodes. I find far too many of the scenes jarring and stilted. The only thing that has truly resonated with me so far is Arya. Everything else pales before Martin's writing/my own imagination. 
As for dumbing down re: exclusion of three eyed crow...if not "dumbing down" than overly simplifying. 
i feel better having said that. Enjoy the series guys.
563	Solmyr	2011-04-26	The only thing that has truly resonated with me so far is Arya.+1
564	The_Halfhand	2011-04-26	The problems become clearer when you notice that many of the people wishing that things had been added are wishing for different things.People will wish for the things they like.  I'm wishing they kept in the iconic stuff and the important stuff.  I have lots of friends who watch the show but have never read the books.  They love the show, but they get confused about stuff and then ask me to clarify, so I have to tell them "Well, in the books they explain this..." and then they're like "Ahhhh."  But a good adaptation shouldn't have people asking those questions.  That's why I would like to see some of this important stuff layered into the show.Jaime will be a more important character in the show than he is in the first book. Also a meeting between him and Jon, that could have taken place in the book but was never shown, is intriguing to me.Man, if you want to go that route, there are a LOT of scenes that "could have taken place" in the book but were never shown.  I, personally, feel that if GRRM had wanted scenes like that in the book... HE WOULD HAVE WRITTEN THEM IN THERE.Now, that doesn't mean I'm against adding scenes like this to the show.  But not at the expense of some of the well-thought-out character beats that Martin had written into the story.  You could have easily cut that Jamie/Jon scene and put in a scene explaining how the wolves were reacting to Bran's fall and never, ever have missed it.I'm sure we'll get plenty of Jamie this season.  Next season, I'd like to see how they work him in since he doesn't reappear until the end of the second book.  I'm sure we'll get a "Jamie Tries A Jailbreak" subplot or something ridiculous, just to keep him active in the show.It gives me something new, instead of just the same thing I've already read. As for the family dealing with Bran's death, I think that comes across well for many of them without them having to state it too clearly. You can't tell everything too clearly or the show will look like it doesn't think the viewers are very bright. The connection with the wolves is most important for Bran and that can very well be explained more further on. There's nothing forcing them to explain things in the exact same order that the book does.You're correct.  But my issue comes with the fact that the scenes that make the most sense and would have the most impact with that information available have pretty much already passed.Martin makes everything very clear in the book, and it doesn't talk down to the reader.  The writers could easily take what's on the page and add it to the show and not come across like they're talking down to the viewers.  But stuff like Arya saying "That's Jamie Lannister!  The queen's twin brother," is obvious exposition and clumsily done at that.  Nothing like that was in the books, that's for sure.As I've said, you can enjoy the show.  That's fine.  But I'm pointing out what was left out from the books and why it would have been better had they found a way to add that stuff in.I think there's a lot of difference in calling someone friend like that (which is basically a sign of respect and understanding) and "deep friendship" as you described it. As for Tyrion's council, we have heard Jon say that no one told him the truth but him (we don't see Tyrion but it's obvious that he's talking to him) and that Tyrion gives more advice than he does in the book so the relationship that forms between them will most likely be very clear to the audience. I don't think the relationship hangs on any one line of dialog, it's better written than that.It's not just one line of dialogue though, its a line that resonates with Jon throughout the rest of the books.  But instead of taking what was a great conversation in the novel, they have to change it to talk about Jamie killing the last king.  To me, THAT'S something that could have been expressed later and let the scene between Jon and Tyrion play out as it was meant to be.And you can argue over what the definition of "friend" is, but the fact is Jon and Tyrion are FRIENDS, and it was Tyrion who largely helped prepare Jon for the Night's Watch.  I would like to see that relationship unfold better than it has been.What fans want differs a lot. If they can get George happy that's a bigger sign of that they have succeeded than that any individual fan (including me) likes or dislikes it. Not least since George knows more than most fans about adapting things to TV. And again, what's not necessary to you can be that to others. We've obviously not seen eye to eye on the exact importance of various lines from the book. Why people differ in that is not easy to understand, we can only accept that it's so. Some people want the show to be like a photography of the original, others want it to be like a stylized painting.And don't forget that D&D are big fans of the books themselves, even impressing George with their knowledge about the series. They probably know the story just as well as you or I, if not better.I doubt D&D are that big of fans, because if they were, they wouldn't be leaving so much of this stuff out of their adaptation! lol.Seriously, the show is good.  Anyone can see that.  But its not as good as the book so far.  I think GRRM is happy because they are doing a great job of staying faithful to his show.  This isn't a True Blood thing where the show takes a radically different story from the books, so I can see him being happy that they're faithful to the source material.But to me, the little things they leave out that are important in the books rob the viewers who've never read the books from a much deeper experience.  That doesn't mean the show's bad or they're doing a poor job with the show, it just means they're not doing as well as they could be.There are lots of things to take into consideration when making a script (no doubt a good deal that I don't even know about) but for your exact example, cutting 10-15 seconds of Tyrion walking to his family and instead inserting a talking scene with detailed information is the kind of thing that would make the show seemed more rushed than it already is. And an entire scene that just lasts 10 seconds will make it look jerky.My example was about trimming little things that aren't important to make room for stuff that is more important.  Did I like the fact that they got Tyrion's whole breakfast order right from the book?  Sure do!  But if I had to choose between keeping in him ordering breakfast and hearing Arya tell Joffrey "She didn't hurt you... much," guess which one I would pick?That's my point.  Why leave in trivial stuff taken directly from the books, and leave out awesome stuff that is iconic to the books?  Makes. No. Sense.But now you are just talking about giving information and that's what I stated by saying keeping to the spirit of the original. What I said is not something that's good to do is to rip all scenes exactly from the book with the same dialog because books and TV does not play by the same rules and some scenes, or information, is best told in different ways in the two mediums.You can still communicate IMPORTANT stuff without it coming across as boring.  The wolves are a big part of the series, so I don't look upon them leaving out all those little details from the books as a good thing.  We haven't seen grey Wind, Shaggydog, or a grown up Ghost, and have no frame of reference about how the Stark children interact with them.  It just would be nice to see the work put in early to set that up so they don't have to backtrack later when things really get moving.I know what you mean but as someone that hasn't adapted any books for screenplays I still think you've given several examples that would press an already rushed episode over the limit where it becomes clumsy storytelling. Some things are also done from that you are set in that information must be told in the same order as in the book, instead of waiting to see if they chose to spread it out differently in the show.If I were adapting - get rid of the Cercie/Catelyn and Jon/Jamie scenes, use that time to fill in some important backstory.  Boom.  Done.  You could easily get the information that was given in those two scenes in other ways later on.We don't have to have all the information given to us in the same order as the book.  But this early in the show, I feel its important to set this stuff up for new viewers unfamiliar to the story.And LOST is a bad comparison because that was written directly for TV and the details could be created exactly for that medium. GoT does not have less intricate details (I'd say the contrary given how much they hint to the books without being obvious about it) and Lost definitely is far more shallow than the ASOIAF book series (despite having an average of 20 episodes per season). I've of course only seen two episodes of GoT but this far I think it's better than Lost was when it started.I'm not comparing the show to LOST.  I'm saying the way LOST layered in subtle things and easter eggs for the fans is what this show needs.  You can't really compare the two shows, but you can say that one thing LOST did right was dropping in small things that rabid fans could latch on to.  That's what I'm saying the producers could be doing with this show.Other than that I disagree with things that Tyrion isn't saying enough to Jon (as I think he seems to say more in the show than in the book given the previews) I haven't disagreed on that things are left out. I've just said that I don't think all those things are as crucial to the plot as you think, plus that I have explained a different way to look at it in order to more easily enjoy it. It's not easy to change your views but it's still worth discussing in my opinion.Your opinion is always welcome, bastard.  lol.  But I can still disagree with it.I believe that these things, while not crucial to the plot, serve to elevate the story in such a way that when they are left out, the story is weaker for it.  If the producers could find a way to keep these things in the show, they would be making a far finer television series than they already are.And from another post:In the show we see him laughing with Robb when they teach Bran how to shoot a bow, he's talking to Arya, Bran, Robb and Benjen (and he's not angry at any of them) and so on. I agree with the other poster that they are portraying him well and your description of all he does in the show is obviously wrong.The only time we've seen Jon laughing was in that first scene with Bran and Rob.  He showed no emotion in the scene with the Direwolves.  His drunken solo-party during the feast with Ghost was left out, showing him angrily beating a training dummy instead.  Acting all Emo with Tyrion, and when he has to get his hair cut.  ZERO interaction with Ghost.  All mopey and defensive with Jamie Lannister.  All sad with Bran and Catelyn.  The scene with Arya was good, as was the scene with Rob, but then we get Emo Jon with Ned and Mopey Jon on the road with Tyrion again.I'm not saying Jon doesn't have issues.  I'm just saying I'm not liking the way he's being portrayed so far.  This will change, i know, but Jon wasn't nearly as Emo and Mopey as this in the books.
565	The_Halfhand	2011-04-26	I can only think you completely skipped his great farewell scenes with Arya and Robb.I didn't.  Those scenes were pretty much taken directly from the book as they played out.  All the other scenes where there were major changes really alter his character.
566	The_Halfhand	2011-04-26	The dreams obviously weren't shown in the second episode because there simply wasn't the rhythm for them; having Bran wake up the instant Lady is killed conveys much the same message that the dreams did (that there is something off, something supernatural, something very very important going on and that Bran is in touch with it) and they can include dreams at other points to emphasize Bran's role in things to come.  Conversations he will have in the future, likely with Osha and Luwyn, will only reinforce that.  Those who think "omg they didn't show the three-eyed crow while Bran was in a coma! storyline ruined!" are severely lacking in imagination imo.This is true, they could push the dream back a bit because they wanted more symbolism with the killing of Lady and the awakening of Bran.The point of this thread though is to highlight what was left out from the books, and in the timeline of this episode, Bran's dream was left out.  That doesn't mean they can't revisit it later and have everything make sense.  it just means that, along with numerous other things, were different between the book and the show.
567	Sprckt99	2011-04-27	Oh my goodness...this week there seems to be a lot of effort put into defending ones opinion "point-by-point", rather than a dialog discussing what was left out, what was added, etc.
As has been stated several times in several posts...each person has their own opinion.  I'd really rather just hear an opinion and a response rather than going through page after page of line-by-line novellas about why one person is right and the other is wrong.
Sorry if I'm coming across as a little harsh, but I didn't enjoy reading this week's posts.
As for the first two episodes, I'm also of the opinion that several important lines could have easily been included, but we don't know what happened during the creative process.  I'm still extremely happy to see all of these wonderful characters brought "to life" in this series, and am looking forward to the rest of the season.
I'll get off my soapbox now.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
568	aeu	2011-04-27	People will wish for the things they like.  I'm wishing they kept in the iconic stuff and the important stuff.  I admire that you are passionate about the books but I think the passion is clouding your judgement. Who decides what is iconic or what is important? Unless we are talking about lines like "things I do for love," there is no consensus on such things. Half the posters here think "It should have been you" is important while the other half does not. Some (including me) actually think it is a weak line and are happy that it was cut. If I was writing the episode, it would have been the first thing to go. On the other hand, I would have kept other things, like the conversation between Ned and Bran in the opening chapter. I think that is extremely important in establishing Ned's character, Stark values and the contrast between Ned and Robert right off the bat. Having read the responses to the first episode though, I am probably in the minority here. Only a couple of people mentioned that they missed this scene, so clearly, it wasn't that important to many people.In the end, D&D will keep things which they deem important. The fact that these do not coincide 100% with what you deem important does not mean that they are wrong.
					
					
							Edited by aeu, 27 April 2011 - 12:34 AM.
569	Bloody Ryder	2011-04-27	Everyone talks about the "It should have been you" line, which, honestly, I would have preferred to be in there as well. On its own, the line does not sound all that exciting or original, but it works in the scene. Especially in light of the following scene, where Jon assures Rob that Catelyn had been "very kind." I think this only makes sense, or packs all the intended effect, when you get "It should have been you" before that. 
However, another line which no one seems to miss but which I think is a nice little instance of Catelyn voicing her suspicions of the Lannisters, is when Maester Luwin tells C that she "will want to know what the royal visit cost [the Starks]" and C then replies in the following way: "I know what it cost us." This is better than her finding a hair up in the broken tower, a needless redundancy, btw, as the dagger is sufficient to point towards the Lannisters.
Also, I miss the wolves, or rather their presence. To my mind, the strong symbiotic relationship of the children and their wolves is not made palpable to audiences. Bran waking up when Sansa's Lady is killed is a good way to go, but apart from that the man-wolf bond is not all that strongly realized.
All in all, I would say that E02's worst scenes are the queen's visit to Bran's sickroom and what is now referred to as "CSI Winterfell." Apart from those two, the episode was all aces, as far as I'm concerned ... of course some dialogue deletions but still powerful. 
ALTHOUGH: What I sorely missed was at the end, when Ned killed Lady: in the book this is followed by Ned instructing one of his men (Jory?) to bring the body back to Winterfell, where she is to be buried, because "she is of the North."
570	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-27	People will wish for the things they like.  I'm wishing they kept in the iconic stuff and the important stuff.  I have lots of friends who watch the show but have never read the books.  They love the show, but they get confused about stuff and then ask me to clarify, so I have to tell them "Well, in the books they explain this..." and then they're like "Ahhhh."  But a good adaptation shouldn't have people asking those questions.  That's why I would like to see some of this important stuff layered into the show.You seem to quickly forget that even in this discussion there isn't a consensus on what's important. You're wishing they kept in things that are important to you and then you try to put your opinions as some form of law when you present them as what's important and iconic.And what people get or don't get is individual. I've shown the first two episodes to a few non-readers and they didn't have any problems following it.Man, if you want to go that route, there are a LOT of scenes that "could have taken place" in the book but were never shown.  I, personally, feel that if GRRM had wanted scenes like that in the book... HE WOULD HAVE WRITTEN THEM IN THERE.Now, that doesn't mean I'm against adding scenes like this to the show.  But not at the expense of some of the well-thought-out character beats that Martin had written into the story.  You could have easily cut that Jamie/Jon scene and put in a scene explaining how the wolves were reacting to Bran's fall and never, ever have missed it.I'm sure we'll get plenty of Jamie this season.  Next season, I'd like to see how they work him in since he doesn't reappear until the end of the second book.  I'm sure we'll get a "Jamie Tries A Jailbreak" subplot or something ridiculous, just to keep him active in the show.That's a bad assumption because Martin can tell a lot of things in ways that are impossible to do in the show (at least without becoming cheesy), plus that the books have a different perspective due to the POV's. We're told a lot about how Jaime is in people's thoughts but as important and powerful of a man as he is, he's hardly actually featured at all. That doesn't work with the more neutral vantage point of the show. And again, it's not at all about what Martin wants to have in the book, this is about telling the general story on TV.Explaining the wolves is fine but not in any way important. They are showing the intelligence and supernatural things in a more subtle way (and non-readers are getting it). Showing rather than telling is a big thing when you adapt to TV/film.Why would an attempted jailbreak be ridiculous? That actually happens in the book.All in all it's a bit funny that you go on about how much they leave out unnecessarily when George himself has said that they've managed to be very faithful. That puts it in perspective for me, even when I disregard my own.You're correct.  But my issue comes with the fact that the scenes that make the most sense and would have the most impact with that information available have pretty much already passed.Martin makes everything very clear in the book, and it doesn't talk down to the reader.  The writers could easily take what's on the page and add it to the show and not come across like they're talking down to the viewers.  But stuff like Arya saying "That's Jamie Lannister!  The queen's twin brother," is obvious exposition and clumsily done at that.  Nothing like that was in the books, that's for sure.As I've said, you can enjoy the show.  That's fine.  But I'm pointing out what was left out from the books and why it would have been better had they found a way to add that stuff in.I disagree, and I feel that you are in general way too locked into that the book is perfect and any deviation automatically becomes lesser to some degree. That's of course a valid opinion to have as you think what you think. As always the point of my arguments is what makes for an enjoyable situation while watching the show.The book makes most things clear through thought and you can't do that well on TV. And there's usually some obvious exposition in series with large casts. Arya's phrases work for how clumsy a child is with these sort of things in my view.There's a lot more than you've pointed out that could have been good in the show but there will always have to be compromises. The point is that the current thing seems to work as non-readers are getting it (perhaps not all but a smart show won't be gotten by all anyway and it also goes for the books) and I'm certainly understanding every detail that's not even explained. If I, for example, go by what I've seen from the next episode and someone doesn't understand why Jon and Tyrion forms some form of bond (as we've discussed), I won't be shy of calling them a bit slow.It's not just one line of dialogue though, its a line that resonates with Jon throughout the rest of the books.  But instead of taking what was a great conversation in the novel, they have to change it to talk about Jamie killing the last king.  To me, THAT'S something that could have been expressed later and let the scene between Jon and Tyrion play out as it was meant to be.And you can argue over what the definition of "friend" is, but the fact is Jon and Tyrion are FRIENDS, and it was Tyrion who largely helped prepare Jon for the Night's Watch.  I would like to see that relationship unfold better than it has been.That's your opinion and that's fine, as long as you see it for what it is. On this board there's been several people complaining about that the Kingslayer bit hasn't been exposed enough yet, while they have no complaints about the Jon-Tyrion relationship. It's subjective. Personally I think what they've done works well. Nit-picking about which lines were used is uninteresting to me as long as it works.What I did was primarily disagreeing with the use of "great friends", not "friends".I doubt D&D are that big of fans, because if they were, they wouldn't be leaving so much of this stuff out of their adaptation! lol.Seriously, the show is good.  Anyone can see that.  But its not as good as the book so far.  I think GRRM is happy because they are doing a great job of staying faithful to his show.  This isn't a True Blood thing where the show takes a radically different story from the books, so I can see him being happy that they're faithful to the source material.But to me, the little things they leave out that are important in the books rob the viewers who've never read the books from a much deeper experience.  That doesn't mean the show's bad or they're doing a poor job with the show, it just means they're not doing as well as they could be.You can doubt it if you want but they still are. I don't see people that aren't big fans impressing George with knowledge about the series.The show will never be as good as the book, even if they have 20 episodes per season and a LotR budget. TV can never reach the depth that books can and these books are definitely good enough to travel in the depths that are beyond TV. What TV does is making interesting things much more accessible.If new viewers want a deeper experience, tell them to read the book. I don't think some minor changes here and there will affect the depth significantly. Every fan would do the show a bit different.My example was about trimming little things that aren't important to make room for stuff that is more important.  Did I like the fact that they got Tyrion's whole breakfast order right from the book?  Sure do!  But if I had to choose between keeping in him ordering breakfast and hearing Arya tell Joffrey "She didn't hurt you... much," guess which one I would pick?That's my point.  Why leave in trivial stuff taken directly from the books, and leave out awesome stuff that is iconic to the books?  Makes. No. Sense.I can guess but I personally think you would make the cheesier choice.It's not hard to make sense of. The line makes Arya seem like an action movie character (I think many viewers would laugh in that tense scene), rather than just letting their emotions show through acting and making it seem like Arya isn't too relaxed to hurt the prince. They could easily have gotten the line in if they wanted but they obviously wanted the tension instead. If you don't think so that's natural but there's a world of difference between disagreeing and not being able to make sense of it.You can still communicate IMPORTANT stuff without it coming across as boring.  The wolves are a big part of the series, so I don't look upon them leaving out all those little details from the books as a good thing.  We haven't seen grey Wind, Shaggydog, or a grown up Ghost, and have no frame of reference about how the Stark children interact with them.  It just would be nice to see the work put in early to set that up so they don't have to backtrack later when things really get moving.The wolves will probably be explained as the story goes, for example together with how Bran is developing. There's plenty of more important scenes than the wolves howling for Bran. We've even seen a few, with how Summer killed the assassin to immediately check on Bran, or how Summer grows worried as Lady is about to die and that act makes Bran wake up. Every non-reader I've heard talk about that thinks that there's some strange bond between the wolves, and to Bran, and that they seem strangely intelligent and aware.As for why we haven't seen that much of the wolves, it's because they had trouble making the dogs do what they were supposed to (even simple scenes with dogs took many retakes and lots of time). We did see a grown up Ghost though, when they were travelling to the Wall. Just a brief shot but he's there.If I were adapting - get rid of the Cercie/Catelyn and Jon/Jamie scenes, use that time to fill in some important backstory.  Boom.  Done.  You could easily get the information that was given in those two scenes in other ways later on.We don't have to have all the information given to us in the same order as the book.  But this early in the show, I feel its important to set this stuff up for new viewers unfamiliar to the story.That could probably work but you'd have less developed Lannister twins and, as said, they are much more in focus in the show because we don't just see them from enemy POV's. I think both Jaime and Cersei become two of the best written characters in the series when we get them explained. Here they'll go by that right away. Different but not less good in my opinion.The Jon and Jaime scene does say quite a lot. It tells us what the Night's Watch were about, what people down south think of them now (clearly not elite) and that Jon will be swearing an oath for life. Jaime talking about the oath also gives the interesting perspective of that he too is sworn for life and that he, just as Jon, swore the oath when he was young and blinded by honor and glory. He's almost giving Jon advice just as Tyrion, but Jaime does it in a mocking and sarcastic way because that's how it is.The scene was clearly written very well by someone that really understands Jaime on a deeper level, rather than hacks that just copy things form the book.I'm not comparing the show to LOST.  I'm saying the way LOST layered in subtle things and easter eggs for the fans is what this show needs.  You can't really compare the two shows, but you can say that one thing LOST did right was dropping in small things that rabid fans could latch on to.  That's what I'm saying the producers could be doing with this show.I've seen several things in just two episodes that only readers understand so I don't get why you say it needs that. The howling is one thing, as it takes a reader to know exactly why they are howling, while a non-reader probably don't even care why.Your opinion is always welcome, bastard.  lol.  But I can still disagree with it.I believe that these things, while not crucial to the plot, serve to elevate the story in such a way that when they are left out, the story is weaker for it.  If the producers could find a way to keep these things in the show, they would be making a far finer television series than they already are.Of course you can disagree. The entire reason we are discussing is because we don't see things the same way.Personally I think the show must be pretty bad in order to make small changes that could make it "far finer". I think they've made it work way over my expectations and I'm not evaluating how well it works for non-readers because they seem to get more than readers think they do in general.The only time we've seen Jon laughing was in that first scene with Bran and Rob.  He showed no emotion in the scene with the Direwolves.  His drunken solo-party during the feast with Ghost was left out, showing him angrily beating a training dummy instead.  Acting all Emo with Tyrion, and when he has to get his hair cut.  ZERO interaction with Ghost.  All mopey and defensive with Jamie Lannister.  All sad with Bran and Catelyn.  The scene with Arya was good, as was the scene with Rob, but then we get Emo Jon with Ned and Mopey Jon on the road with Tyrion again.I'm not saying Jon doesn't have issues.  I'm just saying I'm not liking the way he's being portrayed so far.  This will change, i know, but Jon wasn't nearly as Emo and Mopey as this in the books.You clearly said he he only did a few things and I proved that he did in fact do more, like laugh for example. Now you're just arguing like you wrote something else in the first place.And as for this, I feel like the other poster, that Jon is portrayed well compared to the book.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 27 April 2011 - 10:36 AM.
571	Balefont	2011-04-27	The_Halfhand:I'm not saying Jon doesn't have issues. I'm just saying I'm not liking the way he's being portrayed so far. This will change, i know, but Jon wasn't nearly as Emo and Mopey as this in the books.Actually, every time but for the first time I read AGoT, I liked Jon's character less and felt he was a whiny emo bitch. YMMV
572	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-27	Halfhand - In the books, the introduction of the Lannisters is super clunky (and odd, as Jaime is referred to as the "Lion of Lannister" and we're told how much like a proper king he looks, etc., etc.
573	Abaddon	2011-04-27	This is better than her finding a hair up in the broken tower, a needless redundancy, btw, as the dagger is sufficient to point towards the Lannisters.I can't say I'm fond of the hair scene, but how exactly does the dagger point to the Lannisters?  In the book, Cat doesn't have any evidence to suggest it does until Littlefinger's lie.
574	Balefont	2011-04-27	I can't say I'm fond of the hair scene, but how exactly does the dagger point to the Lannisters?  In the book, Cat doesn't have any evidence to suggest it does until Littlefinger's lie.I was wondering the same.  The only explanation I could think of is that it's stated, in the show, that it's a wealthy person's weapon and the only people of wealth who accompanied the king were the Lannisters. < shrug >
575	Balefont	2011-04-27	Halfhand - In the books, the introduction of the Lannisters is super clunky (and odd, as Jaime is referred to as the "Lion of Lannister" and we're told how much like a proper king he looks, etc., etc.I actually like that about the first book.  It sort of helped lull me into a false sense of security that this was an epic yet typical fantasy series. ;-)
576	Relic	2011-04-27	Halfhand - In the books, the introduction of the Lannisters is super clunky (and odd, as Jaime is referred to as the "Lion of Lannister" and we're told how much like a proper king he looks, etc., etc.Also Acrobat Tyrion,which was always so strangely out of place.
577	aeu	2011-04-27	Actually, every time but for the first time I read AGoT, I liked Jon's character less and felt he was a whiny emo bitch. YMMVI always thought Jon was a whiny emo bitch. The portrayal in the series is a vast improvement on how I pictured Jon. Not being able to hear the inner dialogue does wonders for some characters.I can't say I'm fond of the hair scene, but how exactly does the dagger point to the Lannisters?  In the book, Cat doesn't have any evidence to suggest it does until Littlefinger's lie.Agreed. The hair scene is indeed weak, but IMO, the book version is even weaker. Cat doesn't really have any reason to suspect Jaime, does she? She basicly goes "Jaime didn't go hunting, ergo he must have something to do with this!..."
578	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-27	Also Acrobat Tyrion,which was always so strangely out of place.And Robert making Jaime the Warden of the East, despite that he's sworn to never hold land (and it never comes up again).
579	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	Twyn's Bastard, we're just going to have to agree to disagree.  I could write yet another long, point-by-point post rebuking your claims, but honestly, I doubt it would change your mind and I feel I've upheld my points as best I can.
You can go on enjoying the show, but I'm going to continue to point out stuff that I feel could have been added from the books.  I don't want to get into semantic arguments with you, since a lot of what you're saying is getting marred in hypotheticals, which is not what this thread is meant to be about.
These are things that were in the book that have been left out of the show, and I would have liked to have seen them in there.  Period.
However, I feel your points will be much more valid once they start getting into the second book, since much of that book will be harder to do a straight-up adaptation of, and they will have to take liberties to start fitting everything in.  I think I'm more critical now because the story hasn't gotten as complicated yet.
BTW - anyone else think they're going to have to split up Clash Of Kings into two seasons?  I think that might be best seeing as how I thought they did a great job with Danny's story in episode 2, and that covered just one chapter.  If they had more time to tell the story, they could probably fit a lot more stuff from the books in.  I could easily see them ending the second season with the battle of the blackwater.  Plus, it would give GRRM more time to finish the books.
580	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	And Robert making Jaime the Warden of the East, despite that he's sworn to never hold land (and it never comes up again).Warden's aren't landholders.  They're like governors of a region appointed by the King.  Lords are landowners, and must follow the commands of the Warden.
581	Whitering	2011-04-27	Dany is a shadow of the complex character she is in the book. She never shows her independence by galloping around on Silver. She hasn't had any dragon dreams. At this rate, she's going to go from being a scared little girl with Stockholm Syndrome, to ruling a growing tribe of Dothraki and Freedmen and birthing the first dragons in centuries.
The show has missed her gallops on Silver, her first instance of giving orders to Mormont and any demonstration of intelligence or growing independence. Also, having sex in front of the tribe was a powerful demonstration of fierce independence in the book.
As to the dragons, the only clue we have that she will birth the dragons is that she got the eggs. Wow. I know dragon dreams are difficult but we could use some indication of her powerful attachment to dragon kind, that separates her from the rest of her family.
That's what the books bring, a wonderful second, third, fourth, etc...reread that shows the steps on the path to an event. They are missing the steps with Dany. The show will not be as rewatchable as the books are rereadable. I guess I shouldn't expect as much but it's still disappointing.
582	Balefont	2011-04-27	The show has missed her gallops on Silver, her first instance of giving orders to Mormont and any demonstration of intelligence or growing independence. Ahem, but I do believe this is coming in the next episode based on the preview.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 27 April 2011 - 02:09 PM.
583	Hooplehead	2011-04-27	Dany is a shadow of the complex character she is in the book. She never shows her independence by galloping around on Silver. She hasn't had any dragon dreams. At this rate, she's going to go from being a scared little girl with Stockholm Syndrome, to ruling a growing tribe of Dothraki and Freedmen and birthing the first dragons in centuries.Assuming that the birthing of the dragons happens at the end of the last episode... they have 8 more episodes to show her character's growth.  Don't you think you're jumping the gun a bit here?
584	Hooplehead	2011-04-27	BTW - anyone else think they're going to have to split up Clash Of Kings into two seasons?  I think that might be best seeing as how I thought they did a great job with Danny's story in episode 2, and that covered just one chapter.  If they had more time to tell the story, they could probably fit a lot more stuff from the books in.  I could easily see them ending the second season with the battle of the blackwater.  Plus, it would give GRRM more time to finish the books.I think best case scenario, with the cost involved and all, this show runs 6, maybe 7 seasons.  HBO dramas usually don't live much longer.  One book = one season may not hold up over time, especially since they'll have to do some shuffling around AFfC.  There's no way it could be a standalone season.  You might see the end of SoS, AFfC, and ADwD all jumbled into seasons 4 and 5, assuming we make it that far.
585	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-27	Twyn's Bastard, we're just going to have to agree to disagree.  I could write yet another long, point-by-point post rebuking your claims, but honestly, I doubt it would change your mind and I feel I've upheld my points as best I can.You can go on enjoying the show, but I'm going to continue to point out stuff that I feel could have been added from the books.  I don't want to get into semantic arguments with you, since a lot of what you're saying is getting marred in hypotheticals, which is not what this thread is meant to be about.These are things that were in the book that have been left out of the show, and I would have liked to have seen them in there.  Period.However, I feel your points will be much more valid once they start getting into the second book, since much of that book will be harder to do a straight-up adaptation of, and they will have to take liberties to start fitting everything in.  I think I'm more critical now because the story hasn't gotten as complicated yet.BTW - anyone else think they're going to have to split up Clash Of Kings into two seasons?  I think that might be best seeing as how I thought they did a great job with Danny's story in episode 2, and that covered just one chapter.  If they had more time to tell the story, they could probably fit a lot more stuff from the books in.  I could easily see them ending the second season with the battle of the blackwater.  Plus, it would give GRRM more time to finish the books.Yes, I never expected anyone of us to change. I just saw it as an exchange of ideas.And I never said you couldn't point out such things (on the contrary I said many times that everyone has their opinions), I just discussed those things with you.There are things that aren't in that I would likely have put in if I made the series as well (as far as I can tell without doing the extreme work of looking at pacing etc for an entire episode). I never made any point that the show is perfect. I do think that a scene like the one with Jaime and Jon managed to say more than some things left out though.You are correct in that the story hasn't gotten very complicated yet. In truth it's hardly even begun after two episodes. I don't know if the actual story will be harder to tell as we progress in the books but the amount of material will increase so it will be harder due to that. As for splitting up Clash of Kings, I don't think it will happen as there was a rumor of that HBO won't go any further than 7 seasons. I hope they at least will allow for longer seasons for ACOK and the two seasons that will likely be mixed with AFFC and ADWD. If they stick with 10 episodes the work of adaptation will become extremely hard.Warden's aren't landholders.  They're like governors of a region appointed by the King.  Lords are landowners, and must follow the commands of the Warden.That's true, but it still seems odd to choose one of the King's Guard seeing how they are sworn to spend their lives guarding the king and now he's supposed to defend the East from potential attacks. Not that it matters much since it will seemingly have zero impact on anything other than that Robert Arryn's title is lengthened by a "the true".
586	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-27	Assuming that the birthing of the dragons happens at the end of the last episode... they have 8 more episodes to show her character's growth.  Don't you think you're jumping the gun a bit here?From what Ran reported they don't seem to use her dreams. Judging from what's happening this far they seem to go the more subtle road with visual links like her watching the eggs in moments of hardship and so on.I remember Ran saying that she seems to act out of nowhere at a certain point (I don't remember if he said exactly what but I'm at least guessing it's when she tries to hatch the eggs the first time) but I actually think she does that pretty much out of nowhere anyway, despite the two dreams she has had. I don't think non-reader viewers will have much trouble getting that since they already seem to pick up on that there's some form of bond between her and the eggs, judging from some reviews I've seen.
587	Snow White	2011-04-27	Also Acrobat Tyrion,which was always so strangely out of place.Yeah, but GRRM does that ALL THE TIME. Tyrion kicks ass at least three other times, which is decidedly odd.That's true, but it still seems odd to choose one of the King's Guard seeing how they are sworn to spend their lives guarding the king and now he's supposed to defend the East from potential attacks. Not that it matters much since it will seemingly have zero impact on anything other than that Robert Arryn's title is lengthened by a "the true".I don't see the conflict. It's just a broader interpretation of 'guarding the King.'
588	herkles	2011-04-27	I am curious if they are going to do the dreams at all, I imagine that some dreams, such as Bran's green dream, they might just have him talk about it with another character than just show us.
As for dany not being as complex character, I dissagree. She is one of my favorite characters, and I think that Emilie Clark does a good job with her. though next episode does seem to have a good bit of dany scenes, from what I saw in the preview it has her fighting with her brother; so maybe her giving orders to mormant would be in this episode.
Also: I over heard a small line of dialogue between viersy and mormant about how he used to be a slaver back in westros. Was that in the books at this point? Been a while since I read the books, but I am not sure when that little info was revealed or not.
589	Balefont	2011-04-27	Also: I over heard a small line of dialogue between viersy and mormant about how he used to be a slaver back in westros. Was that in the books at this point? Been a while since I read the books, but I am not sure when that little info was revealed or not.That conversation was referring to why Jorah ran/chose exile from Westeros.  Instead of submitting the poachers to the King's justice, he sold them to a slaver.  He needed the money after his financial ruin of a marriage.  The plotline is in the books but it's a conversation that actually took place between Jorah and Dany.  Making it between Viserys and Jorah instead accomplished two things 1) gave some back story and planted the seed of animosity between Jorah and Ned, 2) allowed Viserys the chance to make a promise to Jorah in an effort to promote his allegiance to Viserys as King.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 27 April 2011 - 03:12 PM.
590	Axon	2011-04-27	Don't like the changes?  Well, [img]http://i54.tinypic.com/rl9va0.jpg[/img]
591	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-27	Yeah, but GRRM does that ALL THE TIME. Tyrion kicks ass at least three other times, which is decidedly odd.The times he does battle he's decently capable but not on the level of being some freakish acrobat. When he fights at the trident he's pretty lucky to get out of that without having to yield or die.I don't see the conflict. It's just a broader interpretation of 'guarding the King.'I still find it a very odd choice although there's been more of that with the KG, like how Rhaegar got three of them to guard the Tower of Joy for a pretty long time when there was war against the king. Not least since he seated Stannis at Dragonstone to keep guard. But then again he probably just did it to stop the endless nagging from Cersei.
592	DizoakiusMaximus	2011-04-27	Using Ice made it more formal and gave the direwolf a human level of respect. Ice is more than just a headsman's axe it's a sacred symbol of House Stark and of the North. Visually i can see that it filmed better with the dagger and i suppose that it's hard to convey, without lengthy dialogue, what doing it with ice means.  From what I recall (and I might be mistaken) they never actually say that Ned uses Ice in the book. He calls for Jory to bring it to him to be sure, but seriously, isn't using a Great Sword a bit of overkill on a wolf pup that's chained up? Isn't it also a bit impersonal? I get that the wolf, being from the North, deserves better than a butcher (although I fail to see how using a Great Sword on Lady wouldn't qualify as "butchering" her) but I just don't see Ned winding-up with Ice and hacking the poor pup to death...it might've just been a thing where as long as Ice is "present" (in a ceremonial way?) then it's considered a more honorable death (I don't know why, it just strikes me as unnecessary to use this gigantic fuck-off sword to kill Sansa's pet). Even if Martin meant for Ned to use Ice...I dunno, I sorta liked this better.
					
					
							Edited by DizoakiusMaximus, 27 April 2011 - 05:06 PM.
593	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	That's true, but it still seems odd to choose one of the King's Guard seeing how they are sworn to spend their lives guarding the king and now he's supposed to defend the East from potential attacks. Not that it matters much since it will seemingly have zero impact on anything other than that Robert Arryn's title is lengthened by a "the true".Its very odd, which is why I think Ned had such a strong reaction against it, beyond the whole "one family controlling 50% of the realm" thing.  But the Lannisters never really concerned themselves with protocol when it came to ambition.  Cercei always wanted Jamie to have more power, because she loved him, and Twyn always wanted Jamie to have more power because he saw him as his true heir and never approved of him joining the Kingsguard.Often, Robert would just submit to Cercei's demands rather than fighting her over them, no matter how terrible those demands were.
594	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	From what I recall (and I might be mistaken) they never actually say that Ned uses Ice in the book. He calls for Jory to bring it to him to be sure, but seriously, isn't using a Great Sword a bit of overkill on a wolf pup that's chained up? Isn't it also a bit impersonal? I get that the wolf, being from the North, deserves better than a butcher (although I fail to see how using a Great Sword on Lady wouldn't qualify as "butchering" her) but I just don't see Ned winding-up with Ice and hacking the poor pup to death...it might've just been a thing where as long as Ice is "present" (in a ceremonial way?) then it's considered a more honorable death (I don't know why, it just strikes me as unnecessary to use this gigantic fuck-off sword to kill Sansa's pet). Even if Martin meant for Ned to use Ice...I dunno, I sorta liked this better.No, Ned uses Ice to kill Lady in the book.  It's the sword he uses for all his executions, and because its Valaryan Steel, it can cut a head off with one swing to make the death quicker and cleaner than an average blade.
595	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	The times he does battle he's decently capable but not on the level of being some freakish acrobat. When he fights at the trident he's pretty lucky to get out of that without having to yield or die.Though the sommersault does seem rather odd, especially considering the detail Martin goes into about Tyrion's deformities, I think it was meant to set up that Tyrion can indeed be physical when the occasion calls for it.  I agree that perhaps it was a bit over the top, but then again, we have dragons and zombies in the story, so I guess this bit can be overlooked, lol.I still find it a very odd choice although there's been more of that with the KG, like how Rhaegar got three of them to guard the Tower of Joy for a pretty long time when there was war against the king. Not least since he seated Stannis at Dragonstone to keep guard. But then again he probably just did it to stop the endless nagging from Cersei.Well, if you want to get into hypotheticals here... the general theory is that Rhaegar's princess and heir were at the Tower of Joy, and with the war going badly, he left the Kingsguard there to protect them.  Rhaegar marched with Barriston Selmy at his side, and one other KG I believe who was killed in the battle.  And Aerys had Jamie with him at Kings Landing.  So three Kingsguard to protect the royal family isn't that far fetched, though I'm not sure how that works exactly since Rhaegar was already married with children.
596	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	As for splitting up Clash of Kings, I don't think it will happen as there was a rumor of that HBO won't go any further than 7 seasons. I hope they at least will allow for longer seasons for ACOK and the two seasons that will likely be mixed with AFFC and ADWD. If they stick with 10 episodes the work of adaptation will become extremely hard.I'm sure if the show wins awards and has a strong following, it could go longer than seven seasons.  HBO probably would have kept the Sopranos going if they producers hadn't gotten tired of it, and other shows, like the Wire, even though it was low rated, could have gone on but the producers chose to end the shows.  And let's not even get into True Blood, which has lord knows how many novels to work with at this point. lol.I could see HBO ordering 12 episodes for Clash of Kings/Season 2, but 2 extra hours might not be enough to get in everything that needs to be there for the larger tale.  Once Dance with Dragons is released, that gives 5 seasons worth of story for the producers to work with, but considering GRRM takes about 5 years to finish a new book, that still means the books may not be done before its time for the series to wrap up.  I wonder if they have a contingency play for that?  Seems like splitting Kings & Swords into two seasons each might help with that.
597	DizoakiusMaximus	2011-04-27	No, Ned uses Ice to kill Lady in the book.  It's the sword he uses for all his executions, and because its Valaryan Steel, it can cut a head off with one swing to make the death quicker and cleaner than an average blade.  "Shortly, Jory brought him Ice. When it was over he said, "Choose four men and have them take the body north. Bury her at Winterfell." Now, I'm not trying to start any trouble. But that's an exact excerpt, and like I said, it never specifically states that he used Ice. Just that he told Jory to bring it to him. Like I said before, overkill to execute a docile wolf-pup. I don't understand why they wouldn't have had Boromir Stark use Ice to execute Lady in the episode, except for maybe people unfamiliar with the books would say the same thing I've said: that it's overkill. Besides, they went to all the trouble to make a badass Ice replica for use in the series and we'll likely only get to see it maybe one more time... At any rate, this is one of those things that I file under "too minor to make a difference in my appreciation of this show."EDIT: Ghost was in it, albeit from a distance. They show the campsite of the NW guys and Ghost is sitting there. He's sorta hard to see at first, but look for white; he's there.
					
					
							Edited by DizoakiusMaximus, 27 April 2011 - 07:34 PM.
598	Xenophon	2011-04-27	"Shortly, Jory brought him Ice. When it was over he said, "Choose four men and have them take the body north. Bury her at Winterfell." Now, I'm not trying to start any trouble. But that's an exact excerpt, and like I said, it never specifically states that he used Ice. Just that he told Jory to bring it to him. Like I said before, overkill to execute a docile wolf-pup. I don't understand why they wouldn't have had Boromir Stark use Ice to execute Lady in the episode, except for maybe people unfamiliar with the books would say the same thing I've said: that it's overkill. Besides, they went to all the trouble to make a badass Ice replica for use in the series and we'll likely only get to see it maybe one more time... At any rate, this is one of those things that I file under "too minor to make a difference in my appreciation of this show."EDIT: Ghost was in it, albeit from a distance. They show the campsite of the NW guys and Ghost is sitting there. He's sorta hard to see at first, but look for white; he's there.Yeah, how do you even use a greatsword on a wolf?  Have someone else hold it down, I guess.  But a knife to the heart or throat sounds cleaner, and made for better TV, IMO, as he's down at her level, and there isn't much of a shift from Ned petting to killing her.  Very dramatic.Re. Ice, I wonder if they'll re-use the prop, by re-dressing the hilt.  Are there any other Valyrian Steel greatswords? Or perhaps they'll just get rid of the whole re-forging Ice plot, and just have the Lannisters rename Ice.
599	DizoakiusMaximus	2011-04-27	Yeah, how do you even use a greatsword on a wolf?  Have someone else hold it down, I guess.  But a knife to the heart or throat sounds cleaner, and made for better TV, IMO, as he's down at her level, and there isn't much of a shift from Ned petting to killing her.  Very dramatic.Re. Ice, I wonder if they'll re-use the prop, by re-dressing the hilt.  Are there any other Valyrian Steel greatswords? Or perhaps they'll just get rid of the whole re-forging Ice plot, and just have the Lannisters rename Ice. There's Hearts Bane (which is definitely a great-sword) owned by the Tarly's and also Ser Harras Harlaw's Valyrian sword (which I believe is a great-sword) called Nightfall.
600	The_Halfhand	2011-04-27	"Shortly, Jory brought him Ice. When it was over he said, "Choose four men and have them take the body north. Bury her at Winterfell." Now, I'm not trying to start any trouble. But that's an exact excerpt, and like I said, it never specifically states that he used Ice. Just that he told Jory to bring it to him. Like I said before, overkill to execute a docile wolf-pup. I don't understand why they wouldn't have had Boromir Stark use Ice to execute Lady in the episode, except for maybe people unfamiliar with the books would say the same thing I've said: that it's overkill. Besides, they went to all the trouble to make a badass Ice replica for use in the series and we'll likely only get to see it maybe one more time...If you want to think that GRRM wrote that Ned summoned his executioning sword just to have it stand by and not be used, even though the deed isn't done until the sword is brought to him, that's up to you.I think its pretty obvious that in the book, he used Ice to execute Lady.
601	Bloody Ryder	2011-04-28	I can't say I'm fond of the hair scene, but how exactly does the dagger point to the Lannisters?  In the book, Cat doesn't have any evidence to suggest it does until Littlefinger's lie.OK, in the book it's made pretty clear that there is a direct link between the dagger and the Lannisters. When Catelyn wakes up after her four-day sleep following the attack on Bran's life, Ser Roderik Cassell tells her that the blade was "too fine a weapon for such a man" and that "a weapon like that [had] no business being in the hands of such as him." He goes on to say that "someone [had given] it to him." This news prompts Catelyn to divulge some information of her own. She tells Roderik, Luwin, Theon and Rob that she has received a letter from her sister Lysa, who believes that Jon Arryn was murdered by the Lannisters. This immediately puts the blame squarely in the Lannister camp; even before this revelation, Catelyn mused that the man had to be "one of the king's men ... or one of the Lannisters." Since Robert is a friend to the Starks, it would automatically follow that the Lannisters are more likely to be involved in the assassination attempt. Now, with the knowledge of the dagger's great value, Catelyn comes to the following realization: "It comes to me that Jamie did not join the hunt the day Bran fell ... I do not think Bran fell from the tower. I think he was thrown." Since Jamie, being the queen's brother, is a Lannister rich and prominent enough to own a distinctive dagger such as the one used by the assassin, it is only logical that Catelyn would make him her prime suspect for having caused her son's fall from the tower. After all, on the day of the crime Jamie was present at the scene. The motive is as yet unknown (it is only said that Bran must have heard something that was not meant for his ears) but Jamie has no alibi for the time of the fall.Roderik is shocked by Lady Stark's accusation: "This is a monstrous suggestion ... even the Kingslayer would flinch at the murder of a child." Yet he also makes the connection between the attempted murder and Jamie Lannister.Catelyn's only response is that "there is no limit to Lannister pride and ambition."At this point in the narrative, her suspicions are based solely on conjecture and various deductions she makes, but of course there is no hard evidence to nail Jamie Lannister to the wall. Still, I think it is made pretty clear why the Lannisters, Jamie in particular, COULD be involved not only in the murder of Jon Arryn but also in the two attempts at Bran's life.
602	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-28	Though the sommersault does seem rather odd, especially considering the detail Martin goes into about Tyrion's deformities, I think it was meant to set up that Tyrion can indeed be physical when the occasion calls for it.  I agree that perhaps it was a bit over the top, but then again, we have dragons and zombies in the story, so I guess this bit can be overlooked, lol.Yes, that's what I tend to do, overlook that it happened. Tyrion describes himself as his arms are strong enough (which means he can at least be somewhat capable in combat on a horse) while his legs just can't move like they should.Well, if you want to get into hypotheticals here... the general theory is that Rhaegar's princess and heir were at the Tower of Joy, and with the war going badly, he left the Kingsguard there to protect them.  Rhaegar marched with Barriston Selmy at his side, and one other KG I believe who was killed in the battle.  And Aerys had Jamie with him at Kings Landing.  So three Kingsguard to protect the royal family isn't that far fetched, though I'm not sure how that works exactly since Rhaegar was already married with children.Yes, Rhaegar's real heir was from his marriage (or first marriage if you think he wed Lyanna too). You also would expect the king to have the three KG (which included the Lord Commander, and the best knight) and the possible second wife that's pregnant and far from all battles would be the one to only have one KG. Not that I'm bothered by this at all, it's just curious.For information, Jonothor Darry and Lewyn Martell died at the Battle of the Trident.I'm sure if the show wins awards and has a strong following, it could go longer than seven seasons.  HBO probably would have kept the Sopranos going if they producers hadn't gotten tired of it, and other shows, like the Wire, even though it was low rated, could have gone on but the producers chose to end the shows.  And let's not even get into True Blood, which has lord knows how many novels to work with at this point. lol.I could see HBO ordering 12 episodes for Clash of Kings/Season 2, but 2 extra hours might not be enough to get in everything that needs to be there for the larger tale.  Once Dance with Dragons is released, that gives 5 seasons worth of story for the producers to work with, but considering GRRM takes about 5 years to finish a new book, that still means the books may not be done before its time for the series to wrap up.  I wonder if they have a contingency play for that?  Seems like splitting Kings & Swords into two seasons each might help with that.It's not impossible but it's a bit different with a story that already is set in length (as long GRRM doesn't feel the need to put in more books) and I'm going to assume that the rumors are true and that HBO sticks to 7 seasons at the most. If they change that I'll be pleasantly surprised and with that assumption I can only be negatively surprised if they decide to cancel the show.When GRRM wrote about the news that season 2 was given clearance he amongst other things said "10 more episodes" and while it might not be definitive I would assume that's the number we are most likely to get.As for the series catching up to GRRM it's a big possibility if they do 7 seasons. I don't think he will take as long to write the following books since I do think the extra time for book 4 and 5 came from the big problems he created for himself when he scrapped the idea of letting 5 years pass between ASOS and AFFC. I don't know what HBO will do if they catch up but I can certainly see D&D not being too thrilled to create a season before they've read the book.
603	The_Halfhand	2011-04-28	Yes, Rhaegar's real heir was from his marriage (or first marriage if you think he wed Lyanna too). You also would expect the king to have the three KG (which included the Lord Commander, and the best knight) and the possible second wife that's pregnant and far from all battles would be the one to only have one KG. Not that I'm bothered by this at all, it's just curious.For information, Jonothor Darry and Lewyn Martell died at the Battle of the Trident.Okay, so Barriston, Darry, and Martell accompanied Rhaegar to the Trident, with Jamie staying in Kings Landing, and three at the Tower of Joy, which makes seven in total, so I guess that makes sense.  Aerys probably didn't need as many since he considered himself safe in Kings Landing.Also, come to think of it, the Targaryans do have a history of marrying multiple women.  Aegon married his two sisters, so I guess Rhaegar having 2 wives is plausible.
					
					
							Edited by The_Halfhand, 28 April 2011 - 03:21 PM.
604	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-28	Okay, so Barriston, Darry, and Martell accompanied Rhaegar to the Trident, with Jamie staying in Kings Landing, and three at the Tower of Joy, which makes seven in total, so I guess that makes sense.  Aerys probably didn't need as many since he considered himself safe in Kings Landing.Also, come to think of it, the Targaryans do have a history of marrying multiple women.  Aegon married his two sisters, so I guess Rhaegar having 2 wives is plausible.Yes, they are all accounted for but I still find it strange to guard a woman, second wife of the king's son or not, when the king is at war. But then again Aerys wasn't called the Mad King for nothing.As for the marriage it's not impossible they were wed but I'm quite sure it would have had to be a secret marriage as I can't imagine that Aerys would allow Rhaegar to marry a Stark. They searched far and wide to find him a Valyrian wife but the search failed so he married Elia Martell due to the very slight amount of Targaryen blood. Lyanna had none and would definitely be unworthy.
605	DizoakiusMaximus	2011-04-28	Also, come to think of it, the Targaryans do have a history of marrying multiple women.  Aegon married his two sisters, so I guess Rhaegar having 2 wives is plausible. There's also something about the Faith having nixed the polygamy in the years since Aegon the Conqueror. I'm not sure who the last Targaryen was who had multiple wives, but I don't think it was necessarily "permissible" in recent memory.  What, however, doesn't make much sense is that Rhaegar married outside the Targaryen line. Dany remarks at one point that Viserys would have been her husband, had the Rebellion never happened, but that doesn't really make much sense because Rhaegar was the crown prince. It's doubtful that the Targaryen family would have allowed Rhaegar to marry outside the family, thus diluting the "blood of the dragons" with baser stock, and yet arrange for a more traditional marriage of the second son to Dany, who would stand to inherit nothing (thus making a traditional union pointless) even upon Rhaegar's death. (With an heir (Baby Aegon) already born to Rhaegar and Elia)
606	The_Halfhand	2011-04-29	Yes, they are all accounted for but I still find it strange to guard a woman, second wife of the king's son or not, when the king is at war. But then again Aerys wasn't called the Mad King for nothing.As for the marriage it's not impossible they were wed but I'm quite sure it would have had to be a secret marriage as I can't imagine that Aerys would allow Rhaegar to marry a Stark. They searched far and wide to find him a Valyrian wife but the search failed so he married Elia Martell due to the very slight amount of Targaryen blood. Lyanna had none and would definitely be unworthy.Chances are, all 6 Kingsguard road with Rhaegar, but he ordered his three best to stay back and defend his love and child should the battle turn against him.  The Kingsguard is at the command of the Royal family, after all, so even if they disagreed, they'd have followed his orders.I'm sure the marriage was probably secret, since Robert was convinced Rhaegar had kidnapped and raped her.  My guess is Lyanna was absent with Rhaegar while Aerys went off the deep end and had her father and brother killed.  Most likely they were at the Tower of Joy getting it on, lol.
607	The_Halfhand	2011-04-29	There's also something about the Faith having nixed the polygamy in the years since Aegon the Conqueror. I'm not sure who the last Targaryen was who had multiple wives, but I don't think it was necessarily "permissible" in recent memory.  What, however, doesn't make much sense is that Rhaegar married outside the Targaryen line. Dany remarks at one point that Viserys would have been her husband, had the Rebellion never happened, but that doesn't really make much sense because Rhaegar was the crown prince. It's doubtful that the Targaryen family would have allowed Rhaegar to marry outside the family, thus diluting the "blood of the dragons" with baser stock, and yet arrange for a more traditional marriage of the second son to Dany, who would stand to inherit nothing (thus making a traditional union pointless) even upon Rhaegar's death. (With an heir (Baby Aegon) already born to Rhaegar and Elia)Well, the King doesn't need the Faith's permission to do anything, though it is important to have their support since so many people follow them.  I'm pretty sure that King Aerys married a non-Targaryan but I might be mistaken.  From what I understood, they intermarried as much as possible to keep the bloodline pure.  My guess is Rhaegar fell in love with Lyanna and simply married her based on that, and though King Aerys may not have approved, he did not react well to the uproar it caused from the other lords more than he cared about the match.  Heck, he may not have even known the two were married.Viserys may have been wed to Danny had the rebellion not happened.  Then again, she might have been wed to Rheagar's heir, since she would have been of an age with him.
608	Derfel Cadarn	2011-04-29	Well, the King doesn't need the Faith's permission to do anything, though it is important to have their support since so many people follow them.  I'm pretty sure that King Aerys married a non-Targaryan but I might be mistaken.  From what I understood, they intermarried as much as possible to keep the bloodline pure.  My guess is Rhaegar fell in love with Lyanna and simply married her based on that, and though King Aerys may not have approved, he did not react well to the uproar it caused from the other lords more than he cared about the match.  Heck, he may not have even known the two were married.Viserys may have been wed to Danny had the rebellion not happened.  Then again, she might have been wed to Rheagar's heir, since she would have been of an age with him.Aerys was married to his sister Rhaella.
609	Radio Changes	2011-05-01	I'm so bummed Sean Bean won't be a bigger part of the series. The scene when the Hound (another great performance, by the way) is walking his horse with the butcher's boy draped over the back, and Ned says "You ran him down?" the pain and horror in Sean's voice anchored the whole episode. You could really feel his frustration and confusion in that one sentence. Absolutely brilliant.I gotta agree with this, best moment of the episode. The mood of the shot itself if great, dark, with only some torches lighting it, and the Hound posture and attitude struck me as absolutely perfect, even though it was just him standing up straight. The dead look of his face was great. Sansa's casting is great, the girl can be wide-eyed innocent, bitchy, and sympathetic all at once. Lena Headey is also great, I won't be able to picture Cersei as someone other than her now when I reread. I don't like the changes to Catelyn, but I can see why they made them. I think they're trying to play up the emotional aspects of Catelyn and downplaying her political saavy. But really, when you think about it, the most unsaavy move in the entire book was Catelyn kidnapping Tyrion, so who knows. But I still think they should have had her urge Ned to go down there.
610	lyvyathan	2011-10-17	Overall, I thought episode 2 was much better than the first one.  But still, some changes really had me scratching my head.1.  "It should have been you."Again, a great line that really nails the relationship between two characters, completely disregarded for no good reason.Actually imho no I disagree with you. That was a very powerful line but in the context of the (television) medium, it would have framed Catelyn in the worse light as possible. And marked a big reference point on her way downwards - it would also have given a very dark shade of color to whatever actions she would do from then onwards.2.  Tyrion waking up in the kennelWould have liked to have seen him in the library so the whole "Why do you read so much" line had more merrit.  But this change wasn't that bad overall.I thought that was good too - because it brought humor and drama  ie. Joffrey's hilarious comment about Tyrion's bed mates - and then Tyrion slapping the dude.3.  Queen Cercei going to see BranThis was an odd scene to me.  Yes, it fleshes out Cercei's character a bit, but the notion that she ever would allow herself to birth a child of Robert's is a complete left turn from the character as she's written in the books.  In the books, she was so full of hate for Robert she aborted the only child he ever impregnated her with.  An odd decision, though I see why they did it.I thought this was OK too - because it made her seem more shrewd - she's winning brownie points from the Stark family by her visit (remember Tyrion's admonition to Joff?). In the book, she's one hell of a caricature, rather one dimensional there.4.  Lack of Direwolves, in particular Ghost.Seriously, Ghost is kinda important, and yet he's nowhere to be seen.  You didn't even see him TRAVELLING with Jon.  Is he just gonna magically show up soon?  And no sight of Grey Wind or Shaggydog, or the fact Bran hasn't named Summer yet.  Sigh.Yeah, I missed the howling. I agree with you here. But he does make an appearance when the footpad shows up.The rest of the changes didn't bother me too much. I would have been really upset if they had Catelyn kill the footpad all by herself unlike the scene in the books though.
611	lyvyathan	2011-10-17	I don't like the changes to Catelyn, but I can see why they made them. I think they're trying to play up the emotional aspects of Catelyn and downplaying her political saavy. But really, when you think about it, the most unsaavy move in the entire book was Catelyn kidnapping Tyrion, so who knows. But I still think they should have had her urge Ned to go down there. Ah, Catelyn had political saavy??? I thought the HBO series made Catelyn more sympathetic actually.
612	lyvyathan	2011-10-17	OK, in the book it's made pretty clear that there is a direct link between the dagger and the Lannisters. When Catelyn wakes up after her four-day sleep following the attack on Bran's life, Ser Roderik Cassell tells her that the blade was "too fine a weapon for such a man" and that "a weapon like that [had] no business being in the hands of such as him." He goes on to say that "someone [had given] it to him." This news prompts Catelyn to divulge some information of her own. She tells Roderik, Luwin, Theon and Rob that she has received a letter from her sister Lysa, who believes that Jon Arryn was murdered by the Lannisters. This immediately puts the blame squarely in the Lannister camp; even before this revelation, Catelyn mused that the man had to be "one of the king's men ... or one of the Lannisters." Since Robert is a friend to the Starks, it would automatically follow that the Lannisters are more likely to be involved in the assassination attempt. Now, with the knowledge of the dagger's great value, Catelyn comes to the following realization: "It comes to me that Jamie did not join the hunt the day Bran fell ... I do not think Bran fell from the tower. I think he was thrown." Since Jamie, being the queen's brother, is a Lannister rich and prominent enough to own a distinctive dagger such as the one used by the assassin, it is only logical that Catelyn would make him her prime suspect for having caused her son's fall from the tower. After all, on the day of the crime Jamie was present at the scene. The motive is as yet unknown (it is only said that Bran must have heard something that was not meant for his ears) but Jamie has no alibi for the time of the fall.Roderik is shocked by Lady Stark's accusation: "This is a monstrous suggestion ... even the Kingslayer would flinch at the murder of a child." Yet he also makes the connection between the attempted murder and Jamie Lannister.Catelyn's only response is that "there is no limit to Lannister pride and ambition."At this point in the narrative, her suspicions are based solely on conjecture and various deductions she makes, but of course there is no hard evidence to nail Jamie Lannister to the wall. Still, I think it is made pretty clear why the Lannisters, Jamie in particular, COULD be involved not only in the murder of Jon Arryn but also in the two attempts at Bran's life.By making Catelyn like Angela Langsbury, the HBO writers are making her a lot more sympathetic to us and her fate more tragic , ie. it wasn't just LF's word that convinced her spiraling towards her new profession of kidnap and jail-breaking. So I thought it was actually a good re-write - it balances it out a bit and doesn't make it so obvious that Cat has one screw loose.
					
					
							Edited by Lyvyathan, 17 October 2011 - 01:08 AM.
613	navahgar	2011-04-25	I'm not entirely sure what counts as spoiler for the TV, or whether there will be book spoilers in this post, but I wanted to be on the safe side.  If you're worried about book spoilers do NOT read ahead.
     I made this post to discuss the possible hints at Jon's parentage in the TV episode.  I noticed two potential hints that Jon's father might actually be Benjen.  First, when Ned and Jon are talking on the road, right before Jon goes off north with Benjen, Jon asks Ned about his mother.  Ned says that Jon may not have his name, but he does have his blood.  After this line the camera cuts to Benjen riding in the distance.  I took that as a potential subtle hint that Jon could be Benjen's son.  Then later, when Jon and Tyrion are talking about the vagaries of Jon's new Night's Watch brothers, Tyrion says something like 'the thing about the Night's Watch is you leave one family, to join another'.  Yet again, at this point the camera cuts to Benjen.  I took this as another potential hint that Jon could be Benjen's son.
     Personally I'm strongly in the R + L = J camp.  However, I definitely think that the director was trying to suggest that Benjen was Jon's father.  Maybe that was to throw off the viewership, but maybe he has some hint of the truth from GRRM.  I'm not sure whether anyone has suggested this potential heritage from the books.  In that regard, in the book, I specifically remember Benjen telling Jon to father a few bastards of his own before he joined the Night's Watch.  Was that a suggestion that Benjen had fathered a bastard?  Thoughts?
614	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	The TV Benjen is old enough for that red herring to be credible.  Not so much the Benjen in the novels.  He would have to have been quite the child prodigy.
615	TerraPrime	2011-04-25	Possible, but not plausible, imo. 
If Benjen had been Snow's father, there's no reason not to claim him, unless he fathered Jon after he had joined the NW, which presents its own set of problem because if Benjen made Ned foster his after-the-NW bastard child, Ned would know that Benjen is an oath-breaker, and we know how Ned gets with that sort of business *cough*Ice*cough*. So far, we haven't received any clues to help resolve this conundrum, but we can't outright discard it. 
My own hypothesis is that D&D are trying to throw us off the trail. /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
616	TheEvilKing	2011-04-25	Sounds like a red herring to me. If Benjen was Jon's dad, why would Ned get all teary when talking about Jon's mother? (incredible acting by Sean Bean, by the way).
That, to me, indicates that Jon's mum is dead. Is Wylla dead? I can't remember.
617	fionwe1987	2011-04-26	First, when Ned and Jon are talking on the road, right before Jon goes off north with Benjen, Jon asks Ned about his mother.  Ned says that Jon may not have his name, but he does have his blood.  After this line the camera cuts to Benjen riding in the distance.  I took that as a potential subtle hint that Jon could be Benjen's son.  This shot of Benjen is followed by Jon's question of his mother, though. It might also be a subtle hint that Benjen knows who Jon's mother is...Also, there's another thing that has some relevance to Jon's parentage. When Cat is talking to Ned before he leaves, she says he left with Robert 17 years ago and returned with another woman's son. The wording itself is fairly significant, I think, but to add to that, Ned closes his eyes at that point, and I read that as either grief or guilt. This doesn't point to Lynanna being Jon's mother, but it certainly seems to suggest that maybe Ned isn't the father.
618	smegma	2011-04-26	I'm thrilled with how D & D has portrayed the mystery - and even that quick shot at Benjen may be there to help confuse the rabid fans and throw us into hysteria. Frankly, I'm so thoroughly convinced of R + L=J that if it's anything else I may just throw my arms in the air and proclaim that GRRM changed it cause too many people figured it out (not that he would do that). But anyway, really love the handling of Jon's parentage thus far. Enough to not be locked into anything when they do an about face, but not so obscure that mindful new viewers may understand that there's more to the story than a simple common girl.
619	KyleLitke	2011-04-26	Benjen pretty much can't be the father short of some really bizarre happenings involving the mother coming to Winterfell during the war then leaving. Remember, Benjen was at Winterfell the entirety of the war. "There must always be a Stark at Winterfell". With Ned off fighting the war and Rickard and Brandon dead, Benjen was there for the entire time. 
Evilking: We don't know about Wylla, but we do know she was alive well after Jon's birth, and Edric Dayne never implies she's dead.
620	Derfel Cadarn	2011-04-26	Won't be a mystery for much longer, as Ned will tell Jon all about it when he returns from the south.
	Spoiler 
Oh, wait...
621	MattTaz	2011-04-26	I'll have to add to the above comment that i'm 99.9% convinced Lyanna is Jon's mother. I was convinced before, now the
tv series has basically confirmed it for me. Who from a TV series point of view would have the biggest impact. R&L has no equal.
Have to say how touched I was by Sean Bean's acting when he makes the promise to tell Jon who is mother was. That was brilliant
					
					
							Edited by MattTaz, 26 April 2011 - 04:24 AM.
622	Holymoly	2011-04-26	The Benjen: "I'm your father Luke" theory is quite attractive as I always thought the idea of Eddard fathering a bastard more of less exactly the same age as his eldest son was somewhat implausible given his high moral fiber and respect for his wife. I'm perfectly prepared to believe that Ned did this to protect his own brother from retribution given his oath to the Black Brotherhood. It also explains Benjen's repeated attentions given to Jon when he arrives from the wall for Robert's feast. Of course this could go either way in the remaining books.
623	Linda	2011-04-26	R+L=J has been fact and not a theory in my mind for a very long time. So far, I'd say the show further confirms that matter, with the key line being Ned's "I promise", delivered oh so emotionally by Sean Bean. I can only see that as a clear echo of "Promise me, Ned".
Loved that scene. Probably favourite part of the episode.
624	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	The shot of Benjen makes it clear. He's Jon's mother.
625	Ser Luke	2011-04-26	R + L = J
pretty much convinced
626	Lannes	2011-04-26	I, too, am a strong adherent to R+L=J.
The thing that has me wondering, though, is that with the rapidity the show is playing up the mystery of Jon's mother, it makes me wonder if that 'reveal' might be coming relatively soon, i.e.- in ADWD....
627	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	I, too, am a strong adherent to R+L=J.The thing that has me wondering, though, is that with the rapidity the show is playing up the mystery of Jon's mother, it makes me wonder if that 'reveal' might be coming relatively soon, i.e.- in ADWD....I've thought about this too, but I think the subtle clues we've seen so far are included to plant the idea in the audience's head that something is amiss concerning Jon's parentage, but not necessarily to spill the beans too quickly.  The show will present the same obstacle to ascertaining the truth of the matter as the books, i.e. the death of Ned, so I think we're still a ways off from that big reveal.
628	chris.t.	2011-04-26	If Benjen is Jon's dad, what reason would Eddard have to claim him as his own, hide the fact that Benjen is the father, and create the rift with Cat?  If Benjen is Jon's dad, why doesn't he just tell everyone, "This is Benji's bastard.  I'm going to give him a nice home during his childhood, and when he's old enough he can go join his dad on the Wall?"  Why put Cat through it?  Why put Jon through it?
It makes no sense.
629	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	If Benjen is Jon's dad, what reason would Eddard have to claim him as his own, hide the fact that Benjen is the father, and create the rift with Cat?  If Benjen is Jon's dad, why doesn't he just tell everyone, "This is Benji's bastard.  I'm going to give him a nice home during his childhood, and when he's old enough he can go join his dad on the Wall?"  Why put Cat through it?  Why put Jon through it?It makes no sense.Right.  I think it makes more sense that Benjen knows the truth of what happened, i.e. that Ned has entrusted him with the secret.
630	The Halfhand	2011-04-26	Something else I noticed that was interesting.  When Robb sees Jon before he leaves for the wall, he says (in paraphrase) "Black suits you." and Jon says "It's always been my color" or something to that effect.  Targ nod?
631	Zezibesh	2011-04-26	R+L=J has been fact and not a theory in my mind for a very long time. So far, I'd say the show further confirms that matter, with the key line being Ned's "I promise", delivered oh so emotionally by Sean Bean. I can only see that as a clear echo of "Promise me, Ned".Loved that scene. Probably favourite part of the episode.I wonder when we'll get "Promise me, Ned" in the show anyway. Probably when 
	Spoiler Ned is in the Black Cells and hallucinating.
632	YoDaddy	2011-04-26	If Benjen is Jon's dad, what reason would Eddard have to claim him as his own, hide the fact that Benjen is the father, and create the rift with Cat?  If Benjen is Jon's dad, why doesn't he just tell everyone, "This is Benji's bastard.  I'm going to give him a nice home during his childhood, and when he's old enough he can go join his dad on the Wall?"  Why put Cat through it?  Why put Jon through it?It makes no sense.I agree with this sentiment exactly. I think this was all just to let non-readers know that Jon's parentage is up for speculation. Now THEY can wait like the rest of us to find out the truth of R+L=J. I've bought into that theory as fact as well, so Martin would be killing me with some other parentage with Jon. (of course his books have been killing me with surprises starting with Bran's fall)
633	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-26	Something else I noticed that was interesting.  When Robb sees Jon before he leaves for the wall, he says (in paraphrase) "Black suits you." and Jon says "It's always been my color" or something to that effect.  Targ nod?Nah, it's a Stark thing. Starks have black hair, like Jon and unlike the Tullys who most of the Stark children have their colouring from.
634	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-26	I think it's great that Jon and Dany have a similarity of features that makes them look like they could be related. 
I also think the reasoning here is correct - seems like they're trying to make us think that Benjen could be Jon's father to throw us off the trail a bit. Someone must've thought that R+L=J was a little obvious when so many minor details are stripped out of the story. 
I don't know how we could possibly get the "promise me, Ned" bit without giving the whole thing away.
635	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-26	The shot of Benjen makes it clear. He's Jon's mother.If I was drinking it wouldve had come out of my nose LOL.There is also the horrible idea that they may actually change Jons father to Benjen. I mean, if the series was to last only 2 seasons they at least could wrap up that story. Then they could pull of the idea that Ned never said anything because Benjen couldnt really have a son.
636	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-26	If I was drinking it wouldve had come out of my nose LOL.There is also the horrible idea that they may actually change Jons father to Benjen. I mean, if the series was to last only 2 seasons they at least could wrap up that story. Then they could pull of the idea that Ned never said anything because Benjen couldnt really have a son.Jon was fathered before Benjen took the black!Benjen did not join the Watch until after Ned returned to Winterfell (bringing Jon with him)It would have been fine for Benjen to acknowledge any bastards.
637	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	If I was drinking it wouldve had come out of my nose LOL.There is also the horrible idea that they may actually change Jons father to Benjen. I mean, if the series was to last only 2 seasons they at least could wrap up that story. Then they could pull of the idea that Ned never said anything because Benjen couldnt really have a son.It's extremely unlikely that they will change anything like that. George tested them on their knowledge when they first met and was pleased that they had guessed who is Jon's mother. Given that background I highly doubt that they will alter that as D&D are big fans of ASOIAF and want to stick close to it while adapting it.
638	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-26	What throws a wrench into the R+L=J theory in the show is that Ned insists that Jon is a Stark.
If R+L=J is true than Jon is emphatically not a Stark.  He's either a Snow or a Targaryen. But he's not a Stark. Ned knows this, why would he tell Jon a falsehood?
639	iheartseverus	2011-04-26	What throws a wrench into the R+L=J theory in the show is that Ned insists that Jon is a Stark.If R+L=J is true than Jon is emphatically not a Stark.  He's either a Snow or a Targaryen. But he's not a Stark. Ned knows this, why would he tell Jon a falsehood?Did I miss something?  Where and when does Ned insist that Jon is a Stark?  What Ned actually says to him is 'You may not have my name, but you have my blood.'  I take that to mean Jon is related to Ned by blood, not at all necessarily saying that Jon is his son.  And if R+L=J, then of course Jon IS related to Ned by blood.
640	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	What throws a wrench into the R+L=J theory in the show is that Ned insists that Jon is a Stark.If R+L=J is true than Jon is emphatically not a Stark.  He's either a Snow or a Targaryen. But he's not a Stark. Ned knows this, why would he tell Jon a falsehood?Eddard can't really have meant that he's technically a Stark in name because he points out that he isn't, and he then makes the point that he has Eddard's blood which I take it to mean that that was his point. Otherwise Jon should have reacted much more. I don't see that contradicting R+L=J.And Jon is not a Targaryen in any situation as R and L weren't married.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 26 April 2011 - 11:13 AM.
641	reiver	2011-04-26	Under what circumstances could he possibly be a Stark using that criteria? I don't think we can divine meaning from that other than it's a nice thing to say, like saying he doesn't see him as a bastard and some how less than the other children.
(would he not be a sand or possibly a waters rather than a snow anyway?)
642	iheartseverus	2011-04-26	And Jon is not a Targaryen in any situation as R and L weren't married.Hmmm, even that could be open to interpretation, since the Targs were known to have multiple spouses in the past.  So, if R did marry L, that would make L a second wife, but would also make Jon a legitimate Targ.
643	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-26	The full quote was as follows:"There is great honor in serving in the Nightswatch, the Starks have guarded the wall for thousands of years.  And you are a Stark. You may not have my name, but you have my blood."
644	iheartseverus	2011-04-26	The full quote was as follows:"There is great honor in serving in the Nightswatch, the Starks have guarded the wall for thousands of years.  And you are a Stark. You may not have my name, but you have my blood."I still can't see how that negates R+L=J in any way.  Lyanna was as much a Stark as Ned is.  So, if Lyanna was Jon's mother, then Jon is as much a Stark as he would be if Ned were his father.  R+L=J still stands firm, IMHO.
645	Greywolf2375	2011-04-26	What throws a wrench into the R+L=J theory in the show is that Ned insists that Jon is a Stark.If R+L=J is true than Jon is emphatically not a Stark.  He's either a Snow or a Targaryen. But he's not a Stark. Ned knows this, why would he tell Jon a falsehood?Not necessarily - if Lyanna is his mother then he is a Stark by blood; his surname might be different, but "being a Stark" isn't just a name.  Look at the clip they show of Cersei & Joffrey where points out anyone not a Lannister is an enemy.  She is at this point a Baratheon as is he (well, at least by popular opinion), though identifying as a Lannsiter.And Jon is not a Targaryen in any situation as R and L weren't married.As pointed out, that's not a definitive.  They could have been married in the time they were together.  Nothing that specifically supports it in the books to this point except for the points in Targ family history where they have multiple wives.
646	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-26	I still can't see how that negates R+L=J in any way.  Lyanna was as much a Stark as Ned is.  So, if Lyanna was Jon's mother, then Jon is as much a Stark as he would be if Ned were his father.  R+L=J still stands firm, IMHO.That's not how it works in their world, heritage is passed through the father. Nobody says Robb is a Tully, he's always a Stark, because his father is a Stark.
647	Jojen's Ghost	2011-04-26	I wonder when we'll get "Promise me, Ned" in the show anyway. Probably when 
	Spoiler Ned is in the Black Cells and hallucinating.
Will it?  They skipped the dream sequences for Bran.  There was no three-eyed crow.
648	Ser Greguh	2011-04-26	Nothing that specifically supports it in the books to this point except for the points in Targ family history where they have multiple wives.And the presence of the kingsguard at the ToJ.  Just saying.
649	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-26	Will it?  They skipped the dream sequences for Bran.  There was no three-eyed crow.Assuming R+L=J, when he has the dreams of "promise me" and then thinks of Jon and the promise he made him, this might help explain why he agrees to take the Black himself.  It would add to the show, while the 3 eyed crow dream would not have added to the last episode.
650	iheartseverus	2011-04-26	That's not how it works in their world, heritage is passed through the father. Nobody says Robb is a Tully, he's always a Stark, because his father is a Stark.I think the issue here might be simply semantics, in other words how we're interpreting the question "Is Jon a Stark?"  Yes, he is, by blood.  No, he is not, by name.  In saying what he said to Jon, Ned is simply acknowledging kinship with Jon, acknowledging that Jon shares Stark blood with him, that's all.And of course, heritage (the family surname) passes through the males, but the bloodlines pass through both parents.  Would Cat's family, for example, acknowledge that Rob Stark shares their Tully blood, that he is related to them, even though he doesn't share their Tully name?  Of course.Again, to my mind, none of this negates R+L=J in the least.
651	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-26	Ned made it very clear. "You are a Stark, you have my blood" NOT "you are my son". Ned's clear discomfort in discussing who Jon's mother was with Robert is further proof. "You never described her to me" from Robert and Ned's "nor will I". What more do u people want. Ned promised his sister he would protect the boy. He is a Targaryen, any who say he is not need to recognize exactly what Robert would do if he found out Jon is Rhaegar's son. It's clear as a sunny day.
652	Bronn Stone	2011-04-26	And Jon is not a Targaryen in any situation as R and L weren't married.Bet you a nickel you are wrong on this one.
653	Derfel Cadarn	2011-04-26	Didn't GRRM's partner Parris debunk R+L=J years ago by saying that GRRM wouldnt be so obvious?
654	Xenophon	2011-04-26	That's not how it works in their world, heritage is passed through the father. Nobody says Robb is a Tully, he's always a Stark, because his father is a Stark.Yeah, but I don't see why that would stop Ned from thinking that Jon could be an exception to this general rule.  After all, assuming R+L=J, his father was dead before he was born and he was raised by his mother's family.  So, it's not at all the normal situation where the women leaves her family to go live with her husband.  Having heritage pass through the father makes sense in those circumstances, but Jon's life has followed a very different path.Also, in RL, it was not unheard of for a child to be considered part of his mother's family, despite patrilineal descent being the norm, if the mother was of higher rank (or, say, the father's family had been usurped and largely wiped out).  In fact, aren't the British royal princes currently considered part of the house of Windsor, following their mother/grandmother?Didn't GRRM's partner Parris debunk R+L=J years ago by saying that GRRM wouldnt be so obvious?I can assure you it's not that obvious.  Admittedly I read through the books pretty quickly, but it never once occurred to me.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 26 April 2011 - 01:35 PM.
655	smegma	2011-04-26	Didn't GRRM's partner Parris debunk R+L=J years ago by saying that GRRM wouldnt be so obvious?Parris is now GRRM's wife /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But yeah, I do remember her saying that, or at least a dozen people saying that she said that. That doesn't mean it's not true, especially because SO MANY people didn't catch it (I did, but I'm the type to *look* for that sorta thing). Not one person that I recommended the books to caught it, and that's a lot of people. They said I was crazy and that's how I found the boards, cause I was looking for validation on my theory /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Anyway, could that have been Parris having a bit of fun, or a thousand other explanations? Of course. I can't go based on that one statement to purely debunk it, although it did give me pause. However, after a thousand rereads I just can't fathom it any other way, and other, smarter people on this board feel the same way /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
656	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	Bet you a nickel you are wrong on this one.I guess there could be a septon that wed them and is still alive and keeping the secret but it seems like a small chance. My point wasn't really that they couldn't have wed but rather that it needs to be official for Jon to be anything else than a bastard.
657	Xanrn	2011-04-26	Yeah because R+L=J is not corny cliche filled crap pie enough without adding marriage.
If Rhaeger planned to marry Lyanna, why the hell did he start a war over it.
If he wanted to marry Lyanna all he has to do is walk up to Lord Rickard Stark and say "I want to marry your daughter".
He didn't he "kidnapped" her.
Why? Because Targayens don't have multiple goddam wives, Aegon the Conquerer did, 300 years ago and was more than likely married to both his sisters before he converted to the Seven. Conversion to the Seven = NO POLYGAMY.
Stop acting like one 300 year old blip is some kind of precedent for Rhaeger having 2 Wives, Aegon was the only King to have two wives and his children fought over the throne and so the Targayens NEVER DID IT AGAIN.
If Rhaeger wanted to marry Lyanna he would have done so, instead he made it look like he kidnapped her and started a War.
Anyway Lyanna couldn't marry with her Guardians(her father then either Aerys or Ned) permission, so any marriage is illegal.
As to why the 3 Kingsguard were at the ToJ, jeez I don't know maybe because they were sent to find Rhaeger and he refused to leave unless they stayed?
A potential 4th in line for the throne doesn't not warrant more Kingsguard than the King, Heir, Heir's Heir, Heir's Wife, Heir's Daughter, King's Wife(pregnant one at that), King's second son (thoose last 2 were on Dragonstone with NO Kingsguard).
Rhaeger was with Lyanna in a Tower in the middle of nowhere, because thats what you do with secret mistresses, not wives.
So in conclusion, Rhaeger didn't act like he thought Marriage was an option (probably because the Red Viper would be at the head of line with an oddily green spear), didn't act like they were married and it wouldn't have been a legal marriage if they had (see Tyrion/Tysha).
Jon is a Stark, just like Rand Al'thor is an Al'thor.
Jon has proven time and time again he is a Stark through and through for four books and continues do so in aDwD.
If you want to argue semantics, D&D guessed Jon's "mother" correctly, not his "parentage", so therefore either N+L=J or N+A=J or N+W=J is the true answer.
My personnel theory is Jon is Ashara's son, it goes something like this.
War Starts > Ashara rides North to meet Ned 2/3 months into the war somewhere in the Riverlands, tells Ned where R+L are, one night of passion with Ned > rides South again, stays with Elia a few months before leaving due to pregnancy rides to Starfall > 9 months later Ned attacks the ToJ, rides to Starfall with R+L baby(maybe) > Ashara says suprise, then they hatch a plan. Swap babies. Ashara takes the Blackfire Child and goes to Braavos to become one of thoose high class whores (the Veiled Lady), Ned takes the Snow North, being vague about Jon parentage to draw any fire North towards him instead of at Ashara.
There is something going on between House Stark and House Dayne, House Dayne supports Ned's Wyalla story, obiviously know the truth about ToJ and apparantly haven't told Prince Doran(or anyone) and Lord Dayne liked Ned so much he named his son and heir after him. Bit of an odd thing to do after Ned killed Arthur and Ashara killed herself.
As for Jon's parentage in the TV series.
Something might have changed, Season 5 or more before viewers get the answer, seems suspect when given how cancel happy America TV is.
If you look at the Walking Dead TV series and Comic series, most of the big Comic shocks are missing from the TV.
658	iheartseverus	2011-04-26	I guess there could be a septon that wed them and is still alive and keeping the secret but it seems like a small chance. My point wasn't really that they couldn't have wed but rather that it needs to be official for Jon to be anything else than a bastard.I believe there's a sound reason why the author mentions (sort of casually, in passing...) that the Targs have been known to have multiple wives.  That reason is certainly not to explain any current Targ multiple-marriage arrangement, since there aren't any.  SO, why was it mentioned at all?  To legitimize Jon, I believe.
659	Lyanna's_Blue_Rose	2011-04-26	I guess there could be a septon that wed them and is still alive and keeping the secret but it seems like a small chance. My point wasn't really that they couldn't have wed but rather that it needs to be official for Jon to be anything else than a bastard.True.However, assuming R+L=J, the issue of R+L being married or not (and hence Jon being legitimate or a bastard) is only relevant with regard to a potential claim to the throne.  I think Robert would want to kill him simply because he is R's son, whether legitimate or bastard.
660	Volderon	2011-04-26	Then what's "Promise me Ned" all about then?
And of course Jon has demonstrated he's a Stark. HE GREW UP WITH THEM.
If there's one thing we learn in the books about Ned. It's that he's honourable. Why would he cheat on his wife with Ashara? He didn't sleep around with whores when he was younger and never fathered any bastards. What lie could Ned keep for 14 yeas that troubles him so much?
661	Maia	2011-04-26	If Rhaeger planned to marry Lyanna, why the hell did he start a war over it.He didn't. Combination of Brandon's foolhardiness and Aerys's madness did. If even one of these 2 people had been a bit more sensible, the war would have never happened.If he wanted to marry Lyanna all he has to do is walk up to Lord Rickard Stark and say "I want to marry your daughter".And then Rickard would have said "no" and tried to forcibly marry her to Robert ASAP.  And Aerys would have tried to stop it too. After all, "the dragons don't mate with beasts from the fields". Elia was only somewhat acceptable because of her own small amount of Targaryen blood and because the expedition that should have found Rhaegar a proper Valyrian bride in the Free Cities was unsuccessful.Aegon the Conquerer did, 300 years ago and was more than likely married to both his sisters before he converted to the Seven. .Targaryens have been followers of the Seven since they escaped the Doom of Valyria, a century or more before the Conquest. The statues of the Seven in the sept of Dragonstone was made out of the wood of the ships on which they escaped to Westeros and Aegon prayed to them on the eve before he sailed to invade Westeros.Aegon was the only King to have two wives and his children fought over the throne and so the Targayens NEVER DID IT AGAIN..Not true, Aegon's children didn't fight at all. Also his son Maegor had multiple wives too, but  he never had any issue.Anyway Lyanna couldn't marry with her Guardians(her father then either Aerys or Ned) permission, so any marriage is illegal.Lyanna was of age, she didn't need guardians or permission to marry.The thing is, if Ashara was the mother, then Ned has been a scumbag to Ashara, Cat and to Jon. Because bringing Jon out of Dorne, where bastards are treated better, and raising him in such a way that he sees the NW as his only option didn't do him any favors in the long run.  I prefer to think that Ned was not a scumbag.P.S: I wonder if they aren't going to go full tilt in the show and have a baby crying in the background during the "promise me" dream. After all, very subtle hints won't work so well in a multi-season TV-show...
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 26 April 2011 - 04:19 PM.
662	MattTaz	2011-04-26	Ok look at it from a TV series point of view:
Jon, Benjen was your father.
What? Why didnt he tell me?
Not sure.
Oh
Jon, Wyla was your mother
Who is she?
A Wetnurse from Dorne
Oh
Jon, Lady Ashara was your mother.
Isnt she dead?
Yes, threw herself of a Tower
Oh.
Jon, Lyanna was your mother.
What? Why didn't Lord Eddard tell me?
Because Robert Baratheon wanted all those of Targ blood killed. 
Targ blood! What do you mean?
Well Prince Rhaegar is your father, which means Danaerys is your Aunt.
What you mean the Targaryen Queen who has come to claim back Westeros and has Dragons which
could help us fight the Others?
Yes and apparantly she cant have any children which makes you REALLY valauable Jon.
Hmmm i'm no scriptwriter of course, but geez this is a no-brainer for me.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
663	shadow of death	2011-04-26	Right.  I think it makes more sense that Benjen knows the truth of what happened, i.e. that Ned has entrusted him with the secret.I had never thought of that.  Seems pretty plausible to me.
664	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	I had never thought of that.  Seems pretty plausible to me.Maybe he'll eventually be involved in Jon finding out his parentage (either as himself or as Coldhands).  Think about it - how many other people who are not confirmed dead know anything about the subject, assuming it's R+L=J?  Howland Reed and...?
665	Bronn Stone	2011-04-26	Howland Reed will be the source for the eventual Jon revelation.  GRRM has hinted at that many times (this is why we'll never have a Howland POV and why GRRM has kept him off screen so far).<trimmed>Maia 1, Xanrn 0
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 26 April 2011 - 04:50 PM.
666	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-26	Howland Reed will be the source for the eventual Jon revelation.  GRRM has hinted at that many times (this is why we'll never have a Howland POV and why GRRM has kept him off screen so far).Makes sense.
667	Xenophon	2011-04-26	Howland Reed will be the source for the eventual Jon revelation.  GRRM has hinted at that many times (this is why we'll never have a Howland POV and why GRRM has kept him off screen so far).I could see changing that for TV.  It might make sense to use Benjen, a character we meet in the first episode, instead and cut Reed out altogether (assuming it's at all possible with whatever GRRM writes).
668	flyingwind66	2011-04-26	Lyanna was of age, she didn't need guardians or permission to marry.ah hahahaHAHAHA!!!! "not need guardians or permission to marry"? because she was "of age"? even in Dorne with Ariane, who is over 20, still has her father making marriage arrangements for her (she was allowed to say 'no' though).  There's no such thing as 'not needing permission to marry' for women of the noble houses.P.S: I wonder if they aren't going to go full tilt in the show and have a baby crying in the background during the "promise me" dream. After all, very subtle hints won't work so well in a multi-season TV-show...agreed... you can't be subtle with multi-season tv-series though this would be a spoiler for the rest of us I think >.> unless, of course, aDwD tells us his parentage which I sorely hope for >.<
669	BlackStoneCA	2011-04-26	This is from the completely unspoiled speculation tread on Television Without Pity.   http://forums.televi...post&p=13873751
If the guy is new to the show, very perceptive.   The cynic in me thinks that he is a long time fan however.
670	Kilroy	2011-04-26	A lot of what is said can be taken many ways.
When did Benjen take the black?
How did Ned come home with a baby if it was Benjen's?
Cat seems to be pretty certain it's Ned's bastard.
Ned says the name of his "fling" while away.
I like how this mystery is brought up again for the TV show. Being a old hand at this mystery I already have my conclusions.
671	smegma	2011-04-26	This is from the completely unspoiled speculation tread on Television Without Pity.   http://forums.televi...post&p=13873751If the guy is new to the show, very perceptive.   The cynic in me thinks that he is a long time fan however.Very interesting, but yeah - one has to wonder about his newbishness - maybe I can grant that he didn't read the books, but instead may have looked online at some spoilers. Otherwise, count me impressed.
672	Geriant	2011-04-26	I'm mostly convinced that the R+L=J theory is correct, but I can see some alternatives to the accepted version of the ToJ sequence that can throw a monkey wrench into the theory, and that can support N+A=J as well (or even Arthur Dayne+L=J perhaps)
 First, Lyanna might not be there willingly (after all, in the dream sequence Ned hears her screaming his name as the fight begins.. if she was there willingly it stands to reason she might have tried to intervene in the fight before it happened). It is entirely possible Rhaegar has the Kingsguard there to keep Lyanna from escaping/being rescued because he believes he needs her child for his prophecy to be fulfilled. And we do have at least a couple of characters talking about Lyanna being raped by Rhaegar after all. Remember, while the Kingsguard do guard the King and the heirs, they are also under the command of the King and his heirs. We also have the precedent of heirs not being guarded by the Kingsguard, ie Joffrey's bodyguard is the Hound, who does not become a Kingsguard until after he becomes king. Entirely possible either Rhaegar or Aerys ordered the three to keep Lyanna prisoner there for a number of reasons.
 While most characters seem to view Rhaegar favorably, we also know that he will change at the drop of a hat if he is under the belief he needs to do something to fulfill a prophecy/destiny as he was bookish until he read something that made him decide he must become a warrior. What's to say he didn't hold Lyanna against her will after she refused him due to her betrothal to Robert? After all, first and foremost she is a Stark.. and the Starks always seem to do their duty when push comes to shove, not just Ned. Rhaegar likely would not have accepted that as an option if he saw her as the woman who would bear the third head of the dragon, thus kidnapping her (which also seems to be the accepted version of events by most in the books).
 And further, Ned's trip to Starfall after the battle might have been to heal and recover as well as to deliver Dawn. While nothing Ned dreams/remembers speaks to him being injured in the fight, considering that everyone but him and Howland Reed died it also stands to reason that he and the crannogman did not come through unscathed (as I said in another post, Sean Bean's Ned has scars on his chest.. and I wonder if they are from the battle at the ToJ). If he went to Starfall to also recover from his wounds, he might have been there the requisite time to have a fling with Ashara Dayne. It could also explain why he only slipped the one time with his vows and feels such shame over it, he clearly had a thing for Ashara Dayne but also clearly loves Catelyn. Entirely possible while being weakened from wounds and grief over his sister (after all, he now had no family other than Benjen), he found comfort in Ashara's arms - perhaps even while somewhat delirious from milk of the poppy. Once he came to his senses, Ashara was pregant. After the child was born, he tells her he cannot be with her as he is married to Catelyn. I can even see Ned trying to do the right thing by her in taking the child -even being somewhat insistant in that Ned way, but Ashara being heartbroken at losing Ned (and perhaps her child) throws herself into the sea.
 Or... Lyanna is being held hostage/prisoner in the Tower of Joy by Rhaegar while he tries to get her with child, but then he rides off to war leaving the three Kingsguard behind to keep the woman he thinks he needs to bear the third head of the dragon there for him to return to and Lyanna and Arthur Dayne fall for each other. We know Dayne was a fine example of knighthood, and while he was Rhaegar's best friend it is possible (like Ned does about Robert) he finds his best friend's behaviour to be less than honorable upon occasion and feels sympathy for Lyanna (who is also spoken of as one of the great beauties of her day), eventually falling in love and getting her preggers. After the fight and giving birth to Jon, Lyanna is dying.. she has Ned promise to take the child and Dawn back to Starfall, while also making sure he takes her home. Like Lady, she is of the north and belongs there.
 Little far fetched perhaps, especially the second scenario, but I think quite plausible.
673	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-26	I could see changing that for TV.  It might make sense to use Benjen, a character we meet in the first episode, instead and cut Reed out altogether (assuming it's at all possible with whatever GRRM writes).By the time we get to the revelation of Jon's parents Howland Reed will have had plenty of time to be introduced, especially since his children will have had far more screen time than Benjen Stark.
674	Volderon	2011-04-26	Oh I think that guys post is genuine and pretty real...that link to the other forum. Good on them, they figured it out. See guys, we're not just a lame theory...it's gotten just that much more likely.
675	aeu	2011-04-26	This is from the completely unspoiled speculation tread on Television Without Pity.   http://forums.televi...post&p=13873751If the guy is new to the show, very perceptive.   The cynic in me thinks that he is a long time fan however.I don't think someone can make that post by just watching the series. Have they even mentioned that the Targaryen heir has kidnapped Lynna? I am pretty sure they didn't mention Ned going somewhere to rescue Lynnna either.Maybe there is some background info on the materials HBO put online, but other than that, he must have read the books (or at least a wiki page or two) to have that kinda info.
676	Volderon	2011-04-26	I don't think someone can make that post by just watching the series. Have they even mentioned that the Targaryen heir has kidnapped Lynna? I am pretty sure they didn't mention Ned going somewhere to rescue Lynnna either.Maybe there is some background info on the materials HBO put online, but other than that, he must have read the books (or at least a wiki page or two) to have that kinda info.Even so, some of the other people that posted notice something weird about Jon's parentage and some people say it's Lyanna.
677	Xenophon	2011-04-26	Even so, some of the other people that posted notice something weird about Jon's parentage and some people say it's Lyanna.Well, they make it blindingly obvious that Jon's mother is a mystery, and that it is very out of character for Ned to have a bastard (thus making it a question whether he really is the father).  Combine that with 1) Ned saying you have my blood/are a Stark rather than straight out saying that he's Jon's father and 2) that Ned's dead sister is pretty much the only mysterious women we've heard of so far, and I'm not at all surprised some viewers are guessing he's actually Lyanna's son.
678	Fez	2011-04-26	I concede that in all likelihood R+L=J, too many things point to it, I just really hate the idea and hope that its extremely wrong.  I'd much prefer an N+?=J, though who ? is I'm not entirely sure.  But I doubt its a commoner, and it can't be someone not-yet-introduced in the story since apparently the producers successfully guessed it one of the times they met GRRM, so if Jon really is Ned's son I think Lady Ashara is the only option.
679	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-26	I'm an R+L=J person myself. But in the show, as of now, Wylla is Jon's mother. Because Ned comes out and says so.Yet, if you go to the HBO website and see the Stark family tree, it says "Wylla" is Jon's mother. To be more clear, Wylla is in scare-quotes: "Wylla." There's no mistaking it: Ned, Benjen, Catelyn, "Wylla." Huh? In other words, even though Ned has just said Wylla is Jon's mom, HBO has decided to be especially obvious in their indication that no, Wylla is NOT Jon's mom. This may be because we learn later in the first season that she is not, or that a serious doubt is raised in a later episode. Yet, I find it strange that HBO would spoilerize the "Wylla" business at this early stage. Whatever their reasons, they're pretty much straight up saying that Ned's lying about Jon's mother from the get-go. Not that I had any doubt, of course, but I think given the family tree we can say definitely that HBO is certain that Wylla isn't Jon's madre.
680	Xenophon	2011-04-26	I'm an R+L=J person myself. But in the show, as of now, Wylla is Jon's mother. Because Ned comes out and says so.Yet, if you go to the HBO website and see the Stark family tree, it says "Wylla" is Jon's mother. To be more clear, Wylla is in scare-quotes: "Wylla." There's no mistaking it: Ned, Benjen, Catelyn, "Wylla." Huh? In other words, even though Ned has just said Wylla is Jon's mom, HBO has decided to be especially obvious in their indication that no, Wylla is NOT Jon's mom. This may be because we learn later in the first season that she is not, or that a serious doubt is raised in a later episode. Yet, I find it strange that HBO would spoilerize the "Wylla" business at this early stage. Whatever their reasons, they're pretty much straight up saying that Ned's lying about Jon's mother from the get-go. Not that I had any doubt, of course, but I think given the family tree we can say definitely that HBO is certain that Wylla isn't Jon's madre.Yeah, considering how the guide says that Robert is Joffrey et. al.'s father without the slightest hint that this might be in doubt, those quotes around Wylla's name are pretty much a massive signal that Wylla is a lie.Also, I don't think Ned's explanation is very convincing in-show either.  He certainly seems like he's hiding something from Robert.
681	Kaitscralt	2011-04-26	I like the OP's observations about Benjen. I was also wondering why they showed some of the random cuts to Benjen, and like it as a possible red herring.
As for the possibility of it being true --  no way.
R + L = J  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
682	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-26	I'm an R+L=J person myself. But in the show, as of now, Wylla is Jon's mother. Because Ned comes out and says so.Yet, if you go to the HBO website and see the Stark family tree, it says "Wylla" is Jon's mother. To be more clear, Wylla is in scare-quotes: "Wylla." There's no mistaking it: Ned, Benjen, Catelyn, "Wylla." Huh? In other words, even though Ned has just said Wylla is Jon's mom, HBO has decided to be especially obvious in their indication that no, Wylla is NOT Jon's mom. This may be because we learn later in the first season that she is not, or that a serious doubt is raised in a later episode. Yet, I find it strange that HBO would spoilerize the "Wylla" business at this early stage. Whatever their reasons, they're pretty much straight up saying that Ned's lying about Jon's mother from the get-go. Not that I had any doubt, of course, but I think given the family tree we can say definitely that HBO is certain that Wylla isn't Jon's madre.The quotes around Wylla's name in the family tree would be indicating that Ned and Wylla were not married. But it's pointless to argue, she is NOT his birth mother. Jon in a Stark and Ned sure aint his daddy.
683	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-26	I concede that in all likelihood R+L=J, too many things point to it, I just really hate the idea and hope that its extremely wrong.  I'd much prefer an N+?=J, though who ? is I'm not entirely sure.  But I doubt its a commoner, and it can't be someone not-yet-introduced in the story since apparently the producers successfully guessed it one of the times they met GRRM, so if Jon really is Ned's son I think Lady Ashara is the only option.Why do you hate the idea? It's all about the character of Jon. He could have accepted Stannis's offer as lord of Winterfell and become a Stark in name but chooses the Wall still. Even if he finds out that R+L=J is true, Jon will still most like do his duty. In one book he went from whiny castle raised spoiled bastard to a man willing to accept his duty and fate. I think it becomes deserving of a character to be son of a prince and possibly in line to inherit the throne. Jon actually has proven himself in four books thus far.
684	Fez	2011-04-26	Why do you hate the idea? It's all about the character of Jon. He could have accepted Stannis's offer as lord of Winterfell and become a Stark in name but chooses the Wall still. Even if he finds out that R+L=J is true, Jon will still most like do his duty. In one book he went from whiny castle raised spoiled bastard to a man willing to accept his duty and fate. I think it becomes deserving of a character to be son of a prince and possibly in line to inherit the throne. Jon actually has proven himself in four books thus far.It's too much like a fairy tale, or something from loads of bad fantasy; the whole "hidden prince" thing is incredibly stale imo.  If nothing every comes from it since he realizes it doesn't matter, he's still a Stark and a man of the Night's Watch, I guess I could deal; but if he ends up being crowned a king or a consort of Dany or one of the Dragon's heads (all commonly stated preferred outcomes that I've seen) or something else because of it I'm going to be incredibly disappointed.  I trust GRRM, but I'd rather he just stayed away from it entirely.
685	Eponine	2011-04-26	I think that R+L=J AND Jon becoming the heroic princely dragon rider PWWP may be the only thing at this point that could COMPLETELY RUIN the series for me and make me regret that I ever started reading it.
At one point, I said that if that happened, I would eat the book, but I think that I'd better just eat that particular chapter, because apparently eating an 800 page book can actually be bad for your health. I'll put it on YouTube when it happens.
686	Maia	2011-04-27	even in Dorne with Ariane, who is over 20, still has her father making marriage arrangements for her (she was allowed to say 'no' though).  There's no such thing as 'not needing permission to marry' for women of the noble houses.There is theory and there is practice. In theory, the only noble daughters we saw needing permission of a guardian were under-age. in practice, most Houses would disown members who marry against the wishes of the ruling Lord/Lady and might go even further in some cases.if he ends upbeing crowned a king or a consort of Dany or one of the Dragon's heads(all commonly stated preferred outcomes that I've seen) or somethingelse because of it I'm going to be incredibly disappointed.  I trustGRRM, but I'd rather he just stayed away from it entirely.I cannot see how GRRM could stay out of it without irreparably tainting Ned. His treatment of Jon only makes sense if Jon is Lyanna's - otherwise it would be pointlessly cruel on many levels and to many people.Personally, I hope that GRRM takes an interesting tack with the "hidden prince"  clichA - namely that nothing comes of it, because Jon didn't inherit whatever it takes to bond with dragons. He doesn't seem to react to fire and heat the way Dany or Egg do/did and of course he already has Ghost. I also hope that in the end there isn't going to be _one_ person that will have fulfilled the Ptwp prophecies, but a group of them, so that  it will never be clear whether those prophecies alluded to a single individual and if so, who it was.
					
					
							Edited by Maia, 27 April 2011 - 06:28 AM.
687	Fez	2011-04-27	I cannot see how GRRM could stay out of it without irreparably tainting Ned. His treatment of Jon only makes sense if Jon is Lyanna's - otherwise it would be pointlessly cruel on many levels and to many people.Personally, I hope that GRRM takes an interesting tack with the "hidden prince"  clichA - namely that nothing comes of it, because Jon didn't inherit whatever it takes to bond with dragons. He doesn't seem to react to fire and heat the way Dany or Egg do/did and of course he already has Ghost. I also hope that in the end there isn't going to be _one_ person that will have fulfilled the Ptwp prophecies, but a group of them, so that  it will never be clear whether those prophecies alluded to a single individual and if so, who it was.Is it though?  I don't think it would make much difference to Cat if she knew Jon's mother, her problem was he being raised at Winterfell.  In fact if she found out his mother was a noblewoman, such as Lady Ashara, that might make things even worse for her, since now Jon could be even more attractive as a usurper to her kids.  And as for Jon, I never much got the sense that he cared who his mother was.  And for everyone else, knowing the mother is just a bit of random knowledge.  It might seem cruel to readers, who've been thinking about this for over a decade in many cases, but not so much to the characters I think.If it weren't for all the hints of R+L=J, I see nothing wrong with the idea that Ned had a fling with Lady Ashara while recovering after the (or before, depending on what makes sense with the timeline) ToJ incident.  Jon is born, Ned tells Ashara he's going back to his wife even though he feels for her, she kills herself, Ned feels guilty over that and that his newborn son doesn't have any other home, and so takes him back to Winterfell to give him a home and to act as a reminder of the price of dishonor/going south/whatever lesson Ned wanted to remember.  Doesn't seem cruel to me.I do agree though that I think GRRM would take an interesting tack with R+L=J, but there's just too much danger of falling into cliche-land and it would be terrible.  One idea I like would be that Jon's Lyanna's, but not Rhaegar's.  That she hooked up with someone else at somepoint, like Arthur Dayne, and that's Jon's father.  That would still be enough to keep Jon's parentage a secret; can't let Robert know.  Just keep the Targ blood away from Jon, that's all I ask.
688	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-27	It's too much like a fairy tale, or something from loads of bad fantasy; the whole "hidden prince" thing is incredibly stale imo.  If nothing every comes from it since he realizes it doesn't matter, he's still a Stark and a man of the Night's Watch, I guess I could deal; but if he ends up being crowned a king or a consort of Dany or one of the Dragon's heads (all commonly stated preferred outcomes that I've seen) or something else because of it I'm going to be incredibly disappointed.  I trust GRRM, but I'd rather he just stayed away from it entirely.There's lots of themes in ASOIAF that have been used tons of times before. I think the book series does a very good job in educating us that reusing themes is not what makes a series good or bad, it's how you decide to use it. That's how you become unique, only the fool think that there are themes that haven't already been done.And since GRRM has made a lot of good writing around clichAs I think it's premature to assume how Jon's story will play out.I also think a lot of readers have fallen into the expected trap of thinking R+L=J is obvious now that they've gotten used to the idea, to the point where they make it sound like anyone reading the first book for the first time will immediately see it.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 27 April 2011 - 10:24 AM.
689	flyingwind66	2011-04-27	I think GRRM just needs to freaking finish writing this series... I hope something gets fracking revealed in aDwD and I am also an adamant believer in R+L=J and I think the tv show thus far is pointing towards it in way obvious ways... 
Robert keeps going on about "What Rheagar did to Lyanna!" and Ned's "You have my blood" thing... although amusing that the Benjen red herring is popping up... the tv audience isn't privy to the timeline information that the rest of us have.
690	Leofric	2011-04-27	although amusing that the Benjen red herring is popping up... the tv audience isn't privy to the timeline information that the rest of us have.And they also left out the end of Benjen's and Jon's talk in the novel at the Winterfell banquet, where Jon says to Benjen something to the effect "don't lecture me, you're not my father"  and Benjen agrees with him and says it is a pity he is not Jon's father.  Basically implying everyone would be better off if Jon had been Benjen's bastard.
691	Brewmaster	2011-04-27	That's not how it works in their world, heritage is passed through the father. Nobody says Robb is a Tully, he's always a Stark, because his father is a Stark.But you already invalidated your own argument by these standards. If you are going for the technicalities of what constitutes taking a name as being something Ned would have taken into consideration with his "you are a stark" line, then Ned was lying or wrong regardless.Because of "how it works in their world", Jon ISN'T a Stark, regardless of parentage. If he's Ned's bastard he's a Snow. If he's Benjen's bastard, he's still a snow. He's NOT a Stark...period, by the technical definition. So clearly Ned wasn't using that definition. All Ned meant is that he had Stark blood, which is true if it's Ned's blood, Lyanna's, or Benjen's
					
					
							Edited by Brewmaster, 27 April 2011 - 02:19 PM.
692	Jojen	2011-04-27	In the first episode, when Jon tells Benjen that "Lady Stark thought it might insult the royal family to seat a bastard in their midst," (irony!), Benjen doesn't give him any pained or mysterious looks nor does he look particularly sympathetic IF he was indeed Jon's father.
Benjen goes on to say "We have no families. None of us will ever father sons." And he says it with a straight face, IF he was Jon's father.
Granted, Jon looks more like Benjen than he looks like Ned.
In the book, Tyrion tells Jon that he has more of the north in him than his brothers do. What is this based on? Is he implying that he looks more like Ned than the others (which I think the books confirm)? Or he just has more of an air of a man of the north than either Robb, Bran, or Rickon?
693	Aoife	2011-04-27	Look in your hearts, you know it to be true: Ned had secretly married Ashara before Brandon died and Cat's betrothal moved to him. When they met up during the Rebellion, Ned told Ashara it had to end, and the secret marriage would have to be never mentioned again, as the lesser dishonor. They had one last fling, Jon was conceived, Ashara bore him and later killed herself/left/what-have-you. Ned comes to find Wylla nursing him, and brings him to Winterfell with him. Jon was born within the earlier bonds of matrimony, making him a legitimate Stark, Robb's the bastard due to bigamy (did that even exist for everyone other than the Targaryens?) but it's moot now, and then N+A was dissolved/ended by the time Sansa was born.*cough* What inconsistencies? I don't understand what you could possibly mean....
694	Aganerral	2011-04-27	I'm in the R+L=J camp myself, but won't flip out if it's not that - though if not, it better be Ned + Ashara and not a random commoner named Wylla /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I just think there are too many hints in that direction.
One thing this thread brought up that I hadn't considered is that Benjen might know.  I had been thinking about who still alive (as of aFFC) might know:
Howland Reed for sure
Wylla would at least know for sure if Jon really is her daughter, Ashara's daughter, or someone else.  In the latter case she might not know the full story, but could at least confirm her/Ashara's status
Jojen and Mara Reed MIGHT know...they seem sharp enough not to say anything when they shouldn't (especially Jojen) and Howland might have told them to make sure the knowledge doesn't die out.
And that was all I could come up with.  But it would make sense that Ned might have told Benjen about their sister and the Tower of Joy.  This would also explain some of the TV cuts to Benjen as implying that Benjen could talk about it/is involved in some way.  Of course, Benjen is also MIA unless he's Coldhands, which is an entirely separate theory /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
695	Aoife	2011-04-27	If Jon is anybody's daughter, I think a lot of people are going to be surprised. Including Jon.
696	navahgar	2011-04-27	Strong response.  Sorry I've been absent for most of the interesting discussion.  To be clear, I don't think that Benjen is Jon's father.  I just thought that that's a suggestion that the director was making.  Along with thousands of others I think R + L = J.  I like the idea that Benjen might be one of the few to know of Jon's heritage.
Having said that, let me engage in some idle speculation.  Taking into consideration the hints (at least I saw them as hints) that Benjen is Jon's father, what could the whole "Promise me, Ned" business be about.  I don't have the books handy, so hopefully none of this is directly contradicted, but what if Lyanna isn't dead?  Maybe Ned comes to the Tower of Joy, find Lyanna having given birth, Lyanna makes him promise to hide her and the child from Robert.  Ned takes Lyanna and the baby to Starfall where they get on a boat to somewhere in the Free Cities.  Meanwhile in Starfall Ned meets Ashara again, who tells him she still loves him.  He tells her he's just killed her bro and is married.  She offs herself.  He travels back to Winterfell.  Where did he get the baby?  Maybe Ben met him on the way to confess and deliver?  Maybe Ashara gave it to him and told him it was Ben's (a stretch)?
697	Godlikebuthumble	2011-04-27	Won't be a mystery for much longer, as Ned will tell Jon all about it when he returns from the south.This one also kinda makes me wonder. How long does Ned plan on staying in the south? 'Cause to hear him say it, you'd think he's gonna be back in a couple months, tops.
698	Xenophon	2011-04-27	This one also kinda makes me wonder. How long does Ned plan on staying in the south? 'Cause to hear him say it, you'd think he's gonna be back in a couple months, tops.I think it's more that in this world it's perfectly normal to not see someone for years.  I agree it was a little weird, though.  Didn't he consider that he might get sick and die, or war might break out.
699	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-27	Well there would be a reason to keep things quiet if it was B+L=J. Hey, it's a recurring theme in this series.
700	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-27	If Jon is anybody's daughter, I think a lot of people are going to be surprised. Including Jon.Are you suggesting Jon sprung fully formed out of someone's knob?
701	navahgar	2011-04-27	Are you suggesting Jon sprung fully formed out of someone's knob?I think he was suggesting that Jon's not a girl.
702	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-27	I think he was suggesting that Jon's not a girl.With hair like that it's hard to tell.
703	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-27	With hair like that it's hard to tell.I think your Titan avatar isn't one to talk!
704	fionwe1987	2011-04-28	I don't see what the worry is with R+L=J. GRRM won't even be the first to play with this cliche. Jordan did it. Rand al'Thor was the Queen's son, but it makes no difference to him or his story.
It should be the same with Jon. As LCC of the Night's Watch, he's already at the forefront of the war against the Others. One way or another, he's going to be playing a major role in the story. So what if he's also the Prince's son? He's already believed to be the son of a very great Noble and has already renounced titles and lands in favor of staying and fighting.
I don't even think he'll necessarily be able to warg with Dragons. The whole Ice and Fire motif points to the Direwolves being as important as the Dragons. I think his identity as a Targaryen will have other uses.
705	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-28	fionwe1987:
Just because the topic has "book spoilers" in it doesn't mean that you can spoil any book ever written. There are probably lots of people here that haven't read Jordan's works and some of them might want to do it in the future.
706	Axon	2011-04-28	Have to say how touched I was by Sean Bean's acting when he makes the promise to tell Jon who is mother was. That was brilliantSean Bean is the man.  His expression in that scene, the quivering lip as he says we'll talk about your mother...perfection.  It's sad how little Ned Stark this series has. I hope GRRM brings him back in a flashback scene or something.  All these eps have made me miss the various characters that meet their fates.
					
					
							Edited by Axon, 28 April 2011 - 08:20 AM.
707	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-28	Sean Bean is the man.  His expression in that scene, the quivering lip as he says we'll talk about your mother...perfection.  It's sad how little Ned Stark this series has. I hope GRRM brings him back in a flashback scene or something.Indeed, he is a master of the convincingly emotive facial expression.  I also took note of the look on his face (and the subtle, furious quaver to his voice) when he confronted Robert about not bringing Arya straight to him.  Brilliant, believable acting.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 28 April 2011 - 08:32 AM.
708	Regina	2011-04-28	I agree that R+L=J is the most likely answer.  BUT, I'm torn and don't really want that to be the answer.  
My problem is, everyone but Robert seemed to have liked and respected Rhaegar.  And everyone but Cersei seems to have liked Lyanna.  So I want to like these characters, not have to dislike them for starting a war by running off together (either for love or to fill some prophecy).
In my very crackpot version, Aerys has Lyanna abducted (most likely to punish her, if he discovered she was the Knight of the Laughing Tree) and rapes her.  Then Rheagar wisks her away to the Tower of Joy to protect her and her unborn child.  Jon would still a Prince, and a product of Ice and Fire.  But, in my version, R and L aren't responsible for everything that follows, Aeys is.
(This really has nothing to do with the show version, as we've seen so little background...just wanted to get that out there as I haven't tossed around any crackpot theories for so long.)
709	Aoife	2011-04-28	I think he was suggesting that Jon's not a girl.We have a winner. (Though 'she' is my preferred pronoun.)
710	TerraPrime	2011-04-28	(Though 'she' is my preferred pronoun.)I'd need to see your longform birth certificate and your college transcript before I will believe *that*.
					
					
							Edited by TerraPrime, 28 April 2011 - 11:20 AM.
711	Aoife	2011-04-28	How dare you question my self-identification! Next you'll be telling me I have to prove this is my real hair, too!
712	Trebla	2011-04-28	Didn't GRRM's partner Parris debunk R+L=J years ago by saying that GRRM wouldnt be so obvious?She said that to Lodengarl, Padraig, and I @ the San Jose Worldcon in 2002. I personally think we were given a Red Herring. And despite 3rd hand reports, we did NOT ask the question. It was just provided. Speaking for myself, I still believe in R+L=J. Too many subtle things point to it. I've had the 1st Davos chapter from ADwD for awhile now since I won it from GRRM in a football bet andHUGE SPOILER GO AWAY UNLESS YOU WANTED TO BE SPOILERED:
	Spoiler GRRM offers ANOTHER candidate for Jon's mother as a fishergirl in the Vale. At the start of the rebellion, Ned was stuck in a village trying to avoid capture while trying to sail North to call his banners. Davos is told that Ned Starks bastard's mother was from the Vale. Seems to me that GRRM is offering false trails.
713	Chislev	2011-04-30	I am just rereading the series now, though I've read it many times before, and I'm always astonished at how many things I pick up or that I just forgot. If Lyanna really is Jon's mother, just think of the wonderful irony in this line when Tyrion and Jon are headed to the wall (Tyrion's POV): "He had the Stark face, if not the name...Whoever his mother had been, she had left little of herself in her son." Love it.
714	slweal	2011-05-01	Jon, Lyanna was your mother.What? Why didn't Lord Eddard tell me?Because Robert Baratheon wanted all those of Targ blood killed. Targ blood! What do you mean?Well Prince Rhaegar is your father, which means Danaerys is your Aunt.What you mean the Targaryen Queen who has come to claim back Westeros and has Dragons whichcould help us fight the Others?Yes and apparantly she cant have any children which makes you REALLY valauable Jon.Hmmm i'm no scriptwriter of course, but geez this is a no-brainer for me.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Hopefully Jon made the connection that Eddard wasn't his father after the first line.
715	iheartseverus	2011-05-01	Hopefully Jon made the connection that Eddard wasn't his father after the first line.hahahaha, very clever quip!   /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
716	Raventhal	2011-05-17	Maybe it was just me knowing the theory but I felt that Episode 2 enforced that Jon mom is Lyanna Stark and Rhaegar Targaryen from Neds reactions to Robert wanting to kill all Targaryens and immediate defense in rolling into questions about Jon's supposed mom.  It seemed to flow too well.  
Really, with Neds death before dishonor mentality and the secrecy there just doesn't seem to be any other logical conclusion.  He's not likely to have a bastard due to honor and there is no real reason to take the child nor keep the mother secret if it's not that unholy union.  The Game of Thrones is essentially my reread and it does seem obvious considering the political nature of what would have happened if there was another Targaryen heir that was tied to a big ally of Robert.
717	Lily Rivers	2011-06-21	In my very crackpot version, Aerys has Lyanna abducted (most likely to punish her, if he discovered she was the Knight of the Laughing Tree) and rapes her.  Then Rheagar wisks her away to the Tower of Joy to protect her and her unborn child.  Jon would still a Prince, and a product of Ice and Fire.  But, in my version, R and L aren't responsible for everything that follows, Aeys is.(This really has nothing to do with the show version, as we've seen so little background...just wanted to get that out there as I haven't tossed around any crackpot theories for so long.)This is my favorite theory as well.  I don't think it's cracked at all.  Makes more sense than two dutiful people throwing the entire realm in turmoil or any of the yucko incest theories.
					
					
							Edited by Lily Rivers, 21 June 2011 - 06:11 PM.
718	Ran	2011-04-22	Thread for no spoilers discussion of the episode, when it's available.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 22 April 2011 - 02:08 PM.
719	Ran	2011-04-25	Just to kick things off, what did non-readers make of the Daenerys section of this episode? Did it play all right, or did it feel like it was missing some connective material?
720	Balefont	2011-04-25	This guy's weekly reviews are divine.  The title of his review is "Why I Hate the Lannisters".  It only took 2 episodes. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
721	Senta Signora	2011-04-25	This guy's weekly reviews are divine.  The title of his review is "Why I Hate the Lannisters".  It only took 2 episodes. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Thanks for the link.  It's funny and endearing.
722	Ondine	2011-04-25	Hello everyone, I<U+0092>m new to this forum.
I<U+0092>ve read that some of you are wondering what do people who haven<U+0092>t read the books think about the show and since I<U+0092>m one of them here are my impressions of it so far.
First off all I must say that I<U+0092>m not a big fan of epic fantasy shows <U+0091>cause they almost always look so cheap. Obviously, GoT is not one of those and that<U+0092>s quite refreshing :-)
So, I<U+0092>ve read on this forum that people who didn<U+0092>t read the book have trouble keeping up. Honestly, I don<U+0092>t know why, I thought it was all very clear. (except for the names, still having some trouble remembering who<U+0092>s called what)
The story is very interesting so far, and the only part of it that I find a bit disappointing is the Dothraki one. They are supposed to be warriors, if I understand well, but so far they only appear to be savages and very clichA ones. Drogo is supposed to be a king right? And yet the only thing I<U+0092>ve seen him do in these 2 eps is have sex with Dany. Some of you seemed a little upset by the sex scenes. I think that most of them are ok but the Drogo/Dany sex scenes do seem somewhat gratuitous because I really don<U+0092>t care if they are doing it doggy-style or missionary or if she<U+0092>s on top, and I don<U+0092>t see how it is important to the story. Maybe that<U+0092>s explained in the book, but it seems to me that there are more interesting things they could put in an one hour show. And they could have made better wigs for Dany and her brother they look sooo unnatural!
Anyway, except for the Dothraki part, the show is very good so far. Hope it gets even better. 
Oh, and I do hate the Lannisters already  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
723	Linda	2011-04-25	Hi Ondine and welcome to the forum. 
It sounds like you're keeping up well so far and its understandable if the Dothraki are harder to get into. Their storyline is pretty separate from the rest and has perhaps suffered the most from the compression needed for the TV show.
That said, they will get more developed as the season progresses. Drogo isn't quite a king, though, he's a khal, a leader of one particular tribe (khalasar) among the Dothraki. They are warlike and fight both amongst themselves and when they raid neighbouring cultures, but we will see later on what it is they are up to right now.
724	Rand	2011-04-25	The story is very interesting so far, and the only part of it that I find a bit disappointing is the Dothraki one. They are supposed to be warriors, if I understand well, but so far they only appear to be savages and very clichA ones. Drogo is supposed to be a king right? And yet the only thing I<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen him do in these 2 eps is have sex with Dany. Some of you seemed a little upset by the sex scenes. I think that most of them are ok but the Drogo/Dany sex scenes do seem somewhat gratuitous because I really don<U+0080><U+0099>t care if they are doing it doggy-style or missionary or if she<U+0080><U+0099>s on top, and I don<U+0080><U+0099>t see how it is important to the story. Maybe that<U+0080><U+0099>s explained in the book, but it seems to me that there are more interesting things they could put in an one hour show. And they could have made better wigs for Dany and her brother they look sooo unnatural!Yeah this is one area that the TV show so far hasn't really made it clear.  While you say Dany and her brother's wigs look unnatural, to someone who's read the books they don't look unnatural enough, and they're missing the unnatural eyes.  While most of the book is grounded in realism, Dany's lineage is one thing that is not.  If you recall the scene with Catelyn in the woods as she huddles with her advisers and son, she remarks that the dagger is made of 'Valyrian steel with a dragon bone hilt'.  This is what Dany and Visery are, descendants of Valyria.  In the series lore the people of Valyria were able to raise and tame dragons, as well as make awesome weapons (it hasn't been mentioned yet but Ned's big ass sword that he used at the beheading is a Valyrian blade), conquered & enslaved other nations at will, until some disaster fell upon them and wiped out their nation.  The only survivors was a family living at a remote outpost in Westeros, the Targaryens.  All this info is available on HBO's spoiler-free viewers guide found here.
					
					
							Edited by Rand, 25 April 2011 - 12:51 PM.
725	SergioCQH	2011-04-25	The Dothraki are a more cohesive group of people in the books, with more phenotypic homogeneity and a more coherent fashion sense. The TV Dothraki suffer from the production's inability to find enough phenotypically similar extras, so they had to make do with enough "swarthy" looking people. Also, the costume designer has gotten a significant amount of flak on fansites for the hodgepodge nature of the Dothraki's look.
Also, the reason you do not see Drogo do anything but have sex with Dany is because the story is being told through her eyes, and at this point in the story, this is the extent of her interactions with her husband. The view of Drogo, the Dothraki, and Daenerys will widen as she assimilates into the culture and their relationship evolves.
726	Valmy	2011-04-25	so they had to make do with enough "swarthy" looking people.They are not even all that swarthy.Which is probably a good thing.  White barbarians are less controversial.
727	Ondine	2011-04-25	Yeah this is one area that the TV show so far hasn't really made it clear.  While you say Dany and her brother's wigs look unnatural, to someone who's read the books they don't look unnatural enough, and they're missing the unnatural eyes.  While most of the book is grounded in realism, Dany's lineage is one thing that is not.  If you recall the scene with Catelyn in the woods as she huddles with her advisers and son, she remarks that the dagger is made of 'Valyrian steel with a dragon bone hilt'.  This is what Dany and Visery are, descendants of Valyria.  In the series lore the people of Valyria were able to raise and tame dragons, as well as make awesome weapons (it hasn't been mentioned yet but Ned's big ass sword that he used at the beheading is a Valyrian blade), conquered & enslaved other nations at will, until some disaster fell upon them and wiped out their nation.  The only survivors was a family living at a remote outpost in Westeros, the Targaryens.  All this info is available on HBO's spoiler-free viewers guide found here.Thanks for explaining. Although I don<U+0092>t particularly like it when, in other to understand a tv show, I have to go to sources other than the episodes themselves. But I guess that when it<U+0092>s adapted from a novel, especially one that is as complex as <U+0093>A song of ice and fire<U+0094> seems to be, it<U+0092>s inevitable. They've done a grate job with that map on the official site.Also, the reason you do not see Drogo do anything but have sex with Dany is because the story is being told through her eyes, and at this point in the story, this is the extent of her interactions with her husband. The view of Drogo, the Dothraki, and Daenerys will widen as she assimilates into the culture and their relationship evolves. Ok, that actually makes sense, now that you put it this way  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />  But still it doesn't fit with the rest of the show because the strak/lannister etc part of the story isn't shown from anyone's point of view: we have access to all that is happening. But I get it, that par of the story is quite separate from the rest even in the book, right? So they may as well show it in a different way.
728	Manakhkubar	2011-04-25	Ok, that actually makes sense, now that you put it this way  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />  But still it doesn't fit with the rest of the show because the strak/lannister etc part of the story isn't shown from anyone's point of view: we have access to all that is happening. But I get it, that par of the story is quite separate from the rest even in the book, right? So they may as well show it in a different way.Well, in the books, of course, it is. The Stark/Lannister-side however, there are a couple of different people whose point of view the books are covering, Tyrion, Arya, Jon, Catelyn and so on, with the Dothraki, there is only Dany. In the books, nothing is written about that but what Dany sees and "does" and all from her perspective and with her "cultural filter". The TV series producers have basically no idea what Khal Drogo and "the horde" are doing in their free time, because it is simply not covered in the book. Of course, they could always just invent something on their own (and incur the everlasting hatred of the "bookies").
729	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-25	Ok, that actually makes sense, now that you put it this way  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />  But still it doesn't fit with the rest of the show because the strak/lannister etc part of the story isn't shown from anyone's point of view: we have access to all that is happening. But I get it, that par of the story is quite separate from the rest even in the book, right? So they may as well show it in a different way.Yep, Dany's story is very separate from the rest of the action in the book as well. Also in the book, Dany is the only Point of View character in her storyline. In the book we don't get a PoV chapter from Drogo, or Jorah, or Viserys. In the book we only see the story through Dany's eyes.However, in the Stark/Lannister storyline in the book we have Tyrion as a PoV character, we have Eddard, Catelyn, Jon, Sansa, Arya and Bran. This why you see different perspectives.  Granted, though we did see some scenes with Jaime and Ceresi alone and they didn't become PoV characters until later in the books. We also know there's going to be some upcoming scenes later on in the series between some characters who aren't PoV characters in the book. So it will be interesting to see if later on we do get some scenes with Drogo by himself. However, due to time constraints, I'd expect them to keep the focus mainly on Dany and her brother.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 25 April 2011 - 01:44 PM.
730	Ondine	2011-04-25	Yep, Dany's story is very separate from the rest of the action in the book as well. Also in the book, Dany is the only Point of View character in her storyline. In the book we don't get a PoV chapter from Drogo, or Jorah, or Viserys. In the book we only see the story through Dany's eyes.That<U+0080><U+0099>s a shame. I mean, why bother creating a very different culture if you are only gonna show it / judge it through the eyes of another culture? Well, I guess I<U+0080><U+0099>ll get used to Dany<U+0080><U+0099>s point of view and the Dothraki in general as the show progresses. If I had read the books I would probably appreciate very much that HBO stayed true to the novels even regarding the point of view of the story, as you all seem to /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Ondine, 25 April 2011 - 02:20 PM.
731	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-25	That's a good question. I'm not sure if George Martin ever explained why he chose to tell Dany's storyline in that way. If I were to speculate, it may be that Martin needed to find some way to converse space (the books are VERY big after all), or he may have done it on purpose to help give the reader a better sense on how isolated and alone Dany is in some ways.
732	Manakhkubar	2011-04-25	That<U+0092>s a shame. I mean, why bother creating a very different culture if you are only gonna show it / judge it true the eyes of another culture? Well, I guess I<U+0092>ll get used to Dany<U+0092>s point of view and the Dothraki in general as the show progresses. If I had read the books I would probably appreciate very much that HBO stayed true to the novels even regarding the point of view of the story, as you all seem to /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Writing from one characters point-of-view makes a lot of sense in literature. It doesn't make too much sense in a mainstream TV series. In literature, if said character encounters a different culture, the reader will "enjoy" the culture shock together with the character. That doesn't work too well on screen either without belittling that other culture.I'd have liked the Series to get away from the books here, get the focus off Daenarys and give the Dothraki their own real life early on. They gave them a language that they didn't really have in the books. However, budget and screen time seems to be the major obstacle here.
733	Ondine	2011-04-25	Writing from one characters point-of-view makes a lot of sense in literature. It doesn't make too much sense in a mainstream TV series. In literature, if said character encounters a different culture, the reader will "enjoy" the culture shock together with the character. That doesn't work too well on screen either without belittling that other culture.I agree with what you sait about TV shows. I also agree, up to a certain extent, with what you said about the point-of-view in literature but that really depends on setting of the story. I mean if it<U+0092>s a story set in the real world than this kind of point-of-view could be very interesting but only because we all know at least a little about other culture, even if it<U+0092>s just clichAs. Than we can discover along with the character whose point-of-view is shown more about that culture and enjoy the cultural shock, as you said, or discover how wrong we were about that culture, etc. But in a fantasy world of witch we know nothing except what the author has told us, I<U+0092>m not sure if it<U+0092>s so smart. Well, that<U+0092>s my opinion, but I haven<U+0092>t read the book, so maybe it does work well in it /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
734	chris.t.	2011-04-25	Long-time reader of the books.  For the most part, I've been pretty "meh" on the t.v. series.  I thought it would be neat if they show was good, but didn't care much either way.
Last night's show firmly moved me from the "that's pretty cool" to "that's freakin' awesome!" camp.  I'm in full bore now.  Can't wait 'til next week.
735	arrowfan	2011-04-25	Yea definitely enjoyed this ep.  Really enjoyed the scene with Sansa, Joff, and Arya.  Also liked the scenes with Ned and Robert talking.  Oh and of course the stuff with Jon and Tyrion on way to the Wall.  
Was that scene where Jaime teases Jon in the book? I don't think so, but I thought it was good anyway.  Set's up Jaime's taunting character and Jon's resolve.
736	Brude	2011-04-26	First report of second episode ratings, "more than 2 million," though the article isn't clear if that is just the first viewing or all viewings and DVR.  If that's just the first viewing, that's very good and means it's holding a significant audience, probably.
737	BlackStoneCA	2011-04-26	I will say I got my cubicle mate here at work interested in the show, and he has never read the books, and in tunr his wife, who is not a Fantasy fan by any stretch, interested in the show as well to the point she got in a fight with him about watching Episode 2 without her.
Sadly though, my Brother, who turned my on to GRRM and ASOIAF, is not watching the series.   He is one of the many that have given up, and will not read another novel or watch the show, until the series is done.  He is more then a bit miffed by the long wait for ADwD
738	arrowfan	2011-04-29	Just watched ep2 for 3rd time.... Cersei is 'divine'!! What perfect casting and acting.
739	Senta Signora	2011-04-29	So far I have enjoyed all of the new scenes that weren't in the books. It's a sign of how well GRRM developed the characters and how well D&D understand the characters. Hats off to all involved. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
740	Sidonie	2011-05-10	God, I LOVE the Dany scenes in the this episode. I loved seeing Doreah (not sure if that's still her name on the show; it's her name in the book) teach Dany the art of love! I've watched that scene over and over. I think Emilia Clarke makes a beautiful Dany, and I love her hair. The only thing I DON'T like is how the dragon's eggs look. They were described are very beautiful in the books, as if they were "crusted with jewels" or something like that. The eggs in the HBO series look sort of like pinecones!
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 10 May 2011 - 06:15 PM.
741	Loras	2011-04-25	Let me start off by saying this: I am not a Dany hater, nor am I particularly a Dany lover.
After episode 2, 'The Kingsroad', Dany has completed her first mini arc of the season.  She has progressed from being horrified and terrified by Drogo and his kalasar, to taking initiative and a more active role in how her experience with them shall progress.  I have the added benefit of watching the series with my partner who has not read the books, so part of this post will be his input.
It must be said that so far I have been very impressed with Emilia Clarke in her portrayal of Dany.  Particularly in the first episode she seemed to capture the timid little girl who has been somewhat bullied and molested by her brother and sold out to a "savage" horselord.  The second episode shows us two very different sides of Dany; a sulky teenager who wants something else to eat but horse and a sultry Khaleesi with an aim to 'please' the husband that she is so terrified of.  Independently I like all of these images of Dany, but in the context of the Tv series they don't make sense...
Unless we are expected to believe that looking at her dragon eggs while Drogo has his way with her gives her the inner strength to take control of the situation.  As readers of the books, gifted with an insightful monologue into how Dany is feeling and what she is thinking, we know that this is her motive.  But for those who haven't, the evolution of the character seems a little stilted and unlike the character we see in the first episode.  At this point, we don't know that the Targaryen's have any sort of affinity with dragons - despite Viserys' jarring quip of 'you don't want to wake the dragon' from the first episode and Dany getting inner strength from the over exploited dragon eggs.  We are even led to believe that Dany the Targaryen, who knows all about waking the dragon does not know that dragons are extinct?
My partner turned to me at one point and said, "that girl is obsessed with those bloody eggs, I get it already" swiftly followed by, "let's do a drinking game - every time those eggs appear on screen let's do a shot!" 
Isn't the point of Chekhov's gun that we know they are there, but they don't come into play until later?  If they are forced on me much more I'm going to start hoping that D&D make a departure from the books and let Viserys kill Dany by hitting her on the head with one!
That's a departure from my original point, but I think it's important none the less.  Anyway, so Dany decides to take control over her sex life with a man that she sees as a dangerous savage.  Doreah adds at the end of the scene where she is teaching Dany the Lyseni version of the Kama Sutraby saying "if he wanted the Dothraki way, he wouldn't have married her".  While Doreah did not understand the real reason for the marriage, certainly gold from Illyrio, this line was presented in a way that made it seem like Dany was chosen by Drogo - rather than the fact that he would have married whoever had the largest dowry!  
My biggest gripe about the way that the show has present Dany so far is that we seem to have lost a transitional step.  While we are meant to believe that she has evolved throughout this second episode it remains implausible to methat she would have developed any autonomy as Khaleesi.  Surely she would be more terrified of Drogo than she was on her wedding night?
I don't think it is a surprise that the rest of the Dothraki were presented in a more sympathetic light in this episode, note the children laughing and playing.
I wonder how you all feel about the evolution of Dany in these first two episodes? Is it for you, as it is for me, the weakest link of an otherwise stellar opening?  I'd love to read your comments.
742	CryFenril	2011-04-25	I agree that the dragon-Targaryan link has so far been weakly described at best, though I am assuming that this will be rectified down the road. Even having Illyrio mention that the secret toasts are follwed by "dragon banners" would have helped. But I don't think that's the big problem here for me. For me, Dany is doing everything right, as much as can be expected with the time constraints. My problem lies with the half-finished look and feel of the entire Eastern arc of the story, particularly the halfhearted portrayal of the Dothraki as a people. Plus, we have seen Drogo several times, but the only word he has been given to speak that we could understand is still "no". We hear translated Dothraki first from Dany. Odd.
743	NW Deserter	2011-04-25	I always thought that Dany's arc was the weakest of all of them throughout the first three books, so I might be a bit biased. That said, I think the show has captured her "transition" fairly well, as well as her fixation on the eggs.
The biggest hindrance to her development is the lack of context for non-readers. Like you brought up, there's really no mention of her house having any relation to dragons, so for the uninitiated, it probably seems like she just has a strange curiosity about them.
744	Social Justice Bass	2011-04-25	Surely she would be more terrified of Drogo than she was on her wedding night?It's hard to say. I re-read the Dany chapters from the book, and most of her fear on the wedding night is dread and anticipation about what Khal Drogo will do to her once they actually have to have sex (he turns out to be surprisingly gentle).
745	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	It's hard to say. I re-read the Dany chapters from the book, and most of her fear on the wedding night is dread and anticipation about what Khal Drogo will do to her once they actually have to have sex (he turns out to be surprisingly gentle).That's only on the wedding night though. The book describes that she's constantly sore after being taken by Drogo every night after that and just as in the show it doesn't get better until she takes a stand and does it as she wants.As to the first post, it might be a bit hard to grasp for new viewers since the Targaryens haven't been linked to dragons very strongly but otherwise I think the visual aspect of showing the eggs with her works well and it's not more blunt than doing something that states it outright. I'm also very glad I don't have to watch the show with people that have sarcastic remarks on things like that as I would be really annoyed (a worse failure as a viewer than anything the show itself as failed with).
746	BlackStoneCA	2011-04-25	I always thought the pacing in the first book was a bit forced and she went from unwilling bride to active and willing wife too swift.   Part of the issue I think is the lack of a time line or sense of passage on time, especially on the TV.  Months can go by in the blink of an eye on TV, but to our mind, it looks like only a few seconds or minutes to us.   Look at how far the grasslands are from Pentos, and they had been on the trail long enough for Dany to grow a bit petulant at having only dried horse meat to eat.  At least a month or two had passed since their events in Episode 1, a lot happen in a month, and in the books, a lot of that was inner monologue.
I think the series does the best that it can given that, and I thought the bit with the eggs was not overdone.  There has to be hooks for non-readers to latch onto since they never really "hear" what is going on in these character's heads.  Much of the start of GoT is that inner monologue.   I think in the book we are beyond that where dialog and action starting coming to the forefront.
747	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Plus, we have seen Drogo several times, but the only word he has been given to speak that we could understand is still "no". We hear translated Dothraki first from Dany. Odd.Unless Illyrio or Ser Jorah is present to translate, Dothraki makes no sense to Daenerys right now.  She (and we) will learn.  But her memorizing a phrase to soothe her Khal was perfect.  Without that, she'd have never gotten Drogo on his back.
748	tybeechris	2011-04-25	Within the time constraints, the Lannisters and Starks have been able to nail their family relationships. I think non-readers will now know to expect the unexpected and not be surprised by the cruelty. 
Dany, however, needs some more serious character development. Khal seems more like a Klingon than a leader and no one is going to believe a little sex kitten all of a sudden becoming a major power player unless they fill in some details. 
On the whole though, a real treat and it can only help the sale of the books and maybe, just maybe, spur GRRM to finish just a teeny bit quicker.
749	Isabella Stark	2011-04-25	That's a departure from my original point, but I think it's important none the less.  Anyway, so Dany decides to take control over her sex life with a man that she sees as a dangerous savage.  Doreah adds at the end of the scene where she is teaching Dany the Lyseni version of the Kama Sutraby saying "if he wanted the Dothraki way, he wouldn't have married her".  While Doreah did not understand the real reason for the marriage, certainly gold from Illyrio, this line was presented in a way that made it seem like Dany was chosen by Drogo - rather than the fact that he would have married whoever had the largest dowry!  I'm rereading GOT now.  Although I don't recall the books ever going into Drogo's reasons for marrying Dany and I'm not seeing any such discussion in my current rereading, my understanding has always been that Dany WAS chosen by Drogo.
750	Upjumped	2011-04-25	The Dany storyline was never my favorite in the books.   Now, after seeing two episodes of the show, I feel exactly the same way -- I find it boring and ridiculous.  Part of this is due to the way the books themselves are constructed, but watching Dany go from painful degrading sex to empowered sexy sex does not really make for a compelling narrative when you are not privy to her inner thoughts.  I feel genuinely bad for Emilia Clark for having to make her acting debut under these circumstances.   The Dothraki scenes were one of my main concerns before the show began and I have seen nothing so far to ease those concerns (and I sincerely love the rest of the show).   I can only hope that in the coming weeks things improve on the Dothraki front once we get into the conflicts with Viserys etc etc.
751	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-25	Honestly I don't think I liked Dany in the books until she hatched some dragons. The last chapter. Her chapters were always good despite her, not because of her like with other characters (Tyrion, Jon, Arya). Drogo crowning Viserys, the house of the Undying, Arstan/ Belwas/ Brown Ben Plumm/ Dario characters all are memorable, but not because of Dany. So watching on TV, Drogo is done right so is Viserys. I'm happy with it.<br><br>Yes the undying and Arstan and crew are from later books. And again it was what kept me reading her chapters instead of scanning them...<br>
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's Golden Deuce, 25 April 2011 - 04:04 PM.
752	CryFenril	2011-04-25	Unless Illyrio or Ser Jorah is present to translate, Dothraki makes no sense to Daenerys right now.  She (and we) will learn.  But her memorizing a phrase to soothe her Khal was perfect.  Without that, she'd have never gotten Drogo on his back.That's precisely why it bothers me - we have seen no translations up to this point, and we have seen nothing of her learning the language. To have her suddenly pop up with a perfect Dothraki phrase without any detail as to how she learned it was a bit jarring for me. Obviously readers will know that one of her maids has been bought specifically to teach her the language, but in the series... nada. So far, Drogo has been simply an object to react to for Dany, and not really a character in and of himself. I hope this changes soon.
753	WinterDreams	2011-04-25	I noticed that some of the people who commented on this page had complaints about the sped-up development of Dany's character. I have to say that this problem of time passing either too quickly or that is is not clear when or how much time has passed between scenes is something that I have noticed in other HBO productions, like Rome for example. 
Personally, Dany is one of my favourite characters in the book (although I try not to pick favourites too much) and I have to say that I was afraid they were going to butcher her character, but I think that for the most part and keeping with the reality that it is a tv show and things are not going to be exactly mirroring the books, then I feel rather pleased with Emilia Clarke's portrayal of her. 
What I liked in particular was how she really comes off almost doll-like in the first episode, she clearly is very hesitant and childlike, underneath her brother. But as this episode went on, I began to see the emergence of an actual personality which really made her sections of the episode that much better.
754	Yvone	2011-04-25	I haven't read the books so as someone new to the story, here's my take on it... I understood from what was shown that there's significance to the dragon's eggs for Dany although I don't understand what it is about them that have made them fascinating to her. I didn't really see her drawing strength from them. Initially I merely thought that they provided a focus for her, something else to think about than the situation she finds herself in, married to a foreign brute and stranger (as he is to her at the beginning) and having to endure sex, before she started to learn how to enjoy it. Isn't the point of Chekhov's gun that we know they are there, but they don't come into play until later?  If they are forced on me much more I'm going to start hoping that D&D make a departure from the books and let Viserys kill Dany by hitting her on the head with one!This may be because you already know the story. I'm not sure that I'd have taken much notice of the dragon's eggs if they were only shown as a wedding gift. As they've been featured so far, I'm guessing their introduction will bear significant meaning at a later stage. If they keep on highlighting them in future episodes to the point of irritation, I'll probably lose interest. But for now and also from what you say, I take it these eggs won't be something to ignore in the future, just like Chekhov's gun. While Doreah did not understand the real reason for the marriage, certainly gold from Illyrio, this line was presented in a way that made it seem like Dany was chosen by Drogo - rather than the fact that he would have married whoever had the largest dowry!I have no trouble believing that the dowry was the reason for Drogo to marry her since it was decided before he even set eyes on her and for that reason, the dowry was how he initially "chose" her. For now, I also have no trouble believing that he wouldn't have gone through with it if he didn't like what he saw of her physical appearance. His appearance on horseback at their house seemed to have the main purpose of checking out his bride-to-be. My biggest gripe about the way that the show has present Dany so far is that we seem to have lost a transitional step.  While we are meant to believe that she has evolved throughout this second episode it remains implausible to methat she would have developed any autonomy as Khaleesi.  Surely she would be more terrified of Drogo than she was on her wedding night?I admired her attempt to take some control and took it as development of her character, or at least a way of getting to know her character better. She doesn't seem to be one to remain miserable if she can help it and she obviously has strength of character to try to change things. In choosing to do what she could "to make the Khal happy" instead of letting him use her forevermore, it looks to me like she discovered that she could have some enjoyment too.
755	ohmahgaw	2011-04-25	I haven't read the books so as someone new to the storyIf you plan to read the books, you shouldn't be in a thread that is clearly marked with book spoilers unless you want some really awesome parts of the series ruined for you. Seriously, I would stick to the other threads. If you don't plan on reading the books you're more than welcome here, but consider yourself warned know what I mean?Your input is interesting and appreciated though, I keep wondering how this show is coming off to non-readers.
756	Yvone	2011-04-25	Thanks for advice but I've always had a weakness for spoilers. Have a notoriously bad memory too so by the time I ever get around to reading the books, I'll likely have forgotten what I was originally spoiled about anyways. Plus, while I'd like to read the books, I'm not sure I'll have time to do so anytime soon.
757	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-25	Thanks for advice but I've always had a weakness for spoilers. Have a notoriously bad memory too so by the time I ever get around to reading the books, I'll likely have forgotten what I was originally spoiled about anyways. Plus, while I'd like to read the books, I'm not sure I'll have time to do so anytime soon.Brave, quite a bit gets spoiled here.../sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
758	Yvone	2011-04-25	Ah well, that's what we all get for coming in to spoiler threads. I'm well used to it and have yet to regret spoiling myself. Will only be my own fault if I do though.
759	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-26	That's precisely why it bothers me - we have seen no translations up to this point, and we have seen nothing of her learning the language. To have her suddenly pop up with a perfect Dothraki phrase without any detail as to how she learned it was a bit jarring for me. Obviously readers will know that one of her maids has been bought specifically to teach her the language, but in the series... nada. So far, Drogo has been simply an object to react to for Dany, and not really a character in and of himself. I hope this changes soon.In the first episode, we see Dany being given her maids on her wedding, and I could have sworn they mentioned one of them teaching her the language in the first episode, but even if they didn't, is it really that hard of a stretch for people to make? It'd be odd for Dany not to be learning the language of the people's she's married into, and I think it'd make sense for Doreah to have specifically coached Dany on how to say that phrase, knowing she'd need to explain to Drogo what she was doing.
760	Loras	2011-04-26	For me, Dany is doing everything right, as much as can be expected with the time constraints. My problem lies with the half-finished look and feel of the entire Eastern arc of the story, particularly the halfhearted portrayal of the Dothraki as a people.I thought that some of the nuance in the second episode was lost on Clarke, which I found disappointing, especially after how well she came across in the first episode.  It makes me very concerned that Clarke may not have developed well enough as an actor to carry a storyline on her own, yet.  Especially not when she isn't acting with the more seasoned performers such as Glen or Momoa.  But you are right, this is only exacerbated by the simplistic and unnecessarily 'flat' portrayal of the Dothraki.  I think Glen's line about ghost grass conquering the world was meant to add depth to the tribe, but Dany clearly rubbished that in her head.  I keep speaking about nuance, but there is definitely nothing to add any depth to the Dothraki.  Look for example at Cat's effigy to the Seven, or comments like 'Lord Tyrion needs extra candles' - these are background moments that add tremendous depth to the Winterfell storyline, but in the Dothraki sea there is no such nuance.I always thought the pacing in the first book was a bit forced and she went from unwilling bride to active and willing wife too swift. Part of the issue I think is the lack of a time line or sense of passage on time, especially on the TV. Months can go by in the blink of an eye on TV, but to our mind, it looks like only a few seconds or minutes to us.Yes, the pacing of the episode has definitely compounded the issue, but that being said, Dany looks extremely unhappy in the first scene - a logical evolution from where we left her in the previous episode.  What I don't understand, in terms of the show and not the book, is why the audience is expected to believe that this girl would act out of character to try and take control of her life.  I think that this is a pretty major oversight.That being said, we have constant referrals to how much time has passed.  Cersei's " we've been travelling for a month" or Cat's "I've prayed for a month".  I'm assuming of course that Dany's tv timeline is in sync with the other characters.I think the series does the best that it can given that, and I thought the bit with the eggs was not overdone. There has to be hooks for non-readers to latch onto since they never really "hear" what is going on in these character's heads.Granted, but there is a fine difference between giving the viewers hooks and insulting their intelligence, which is how I feel about the eggs.  I understand that they are the key prop in Dany's story, as I referred to them before they are her Chekhov's gun.  But we do know that she has them, they are pretty and everyone knows that they are going to hatch.  Without any exposition on why dragons are important, the eggs are too much and definitely not something Damy should be summoning inner strength from.I think I'm generally unimpressed by the Dothraki people, the lack of explanation behind the evolution of a key relationship and all this talk of dragons without any explanation as to their significance.
761	Xenophon	2011-04-26	That's precisely why it bothers me - we have seen no translations up to this point, and we have seen nothing of her learning the language. To have her suddenly pop up with a perfect Dothraki phrase without any detail as to how she learned it was a bit jarring for me. Obviously readers will know that one of her maids has been bought specifically to teach her the language, but in the series... nada. Didn't bother me and I didn't really remember when she learns the language in the books.  We've hardly seen anything of her interactions with the other Dothraki, but it's seems like she's been there a while, so it's not really surprising that she's picking up some of the language.I'm agree with the OP that those bloody eggs showed up a lot in the episode without any explanation, but, again, it didn't bother me.  It just felt a touch heavy-handed, as if the director was afraid you were checking your email the first time he showed them.
762	Forgiven	2011-04-26	Well, well, I can't really unread the book in my mind and think of the things that way, for me it's been quite fine so far.
Yet, I have said this somewhere else, and while it's too late to change anything...
I really wish they had not cast Dany and Dothraki at all for this season, or even next few.
They are, after all, rather isolated, by all mean, keep referring them in conversations while in westeros, then throw in maybe a tv movie about how Targyerens lost their power, and make a spinoff show of one whole season about what happened to Daenerys before merging the storylines for season 3 or 4 or even 5 of the main series.
Would have cut the amount of introduced characters nicely (which I still find biggest potential problem for new viewers), and allowed for more time to go into details of both sides, surely there's enough material in the books for that. Shame no one realized to ask me about this.
763	Balefont	2011-04-26	Plus, we have seen Drogo several times, but the only word he has been given to speak that we could understand is still "no". We hear translated Dothraki first from Dany. Odd.But don't forget, the eastern arc is only from Dany's POV so it makes perfect sense that we, as viewers, don't get to understand what's being said in Dothraki before Dany can.ETA: Regarding pacing, also don't forget, Dany's first post-wedding chapter contains a bit of flashback/re-cap as to what's been happening with her while traveling with the Khalessar to Vaes Dothrak.  Again, it makes sense that we don't get all the steps in between from the wedding to the girl who takes charge of her situation.  It's actually following the book.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 26 April 2011 - 07:48 PM.
764	Balefont	2011-04-26	I think Drogo was curious about Dany - as an exotic exile - curious enough to consider wedding her.  I think, had Dany not been able to hold his eye upon that first meeting (looking down, acting cowed and frightened) the Khal may not have agree to marrying her.  Just my opinion.  I think the Khal knew he'd need a girl with the right kind of spirit.
765	aeu	2011-04-26	Dany, however, needs some more serious character development. Khal seems more like a Klingon than a leader and no one is going to believe a little sex kitten all of a sudden becoming a major power player unless they fill in some details. When you say "all of a sudden" do you mean "by the end of season 3"?Forget about being a major power player, Dany doesn't even become a leader until the end of AGOT. She starts learning to be a good leader in ACOK. There is more than enough time for her character development.That's precisely why it bothers me - we have seen no translations up to this point, and we have seen nothing of her learning the language. To have her suddenly pop up with a perfect Dothraki phrase without any detail as to how she learned it was a bit jarring for me. Obviously readers will know that one of her maids has been bought specifically to teach her the language, but in the series... nada. hanges soon.I had no idea that one of her maids was bought for that purpose. I might have known it once upon a time, though I definitely do not remember at this point, even after you mentioned it.When I was watching the series, I was pretty amused when Dany said those words in Dorthaki. To me, it was clear that she learned the specific phrase from someone. It  made me go "Well done Danny, that was pretty smart of you!"
					
					
							Edited by aeu, 26 April 2011 - 11:44 PM.
766	Winterbane	2011-04-27	Let me start off by saying this: I am not a Dany hater, nor am I particularly a Dany lover.After episode 2, 'The Kingsroad', Dany has completed her first mini arc of the season.  She has progressed from being horrified and terrified by Drogo and his kalasar, to taking initiative and a more active role in how her experience with them shall progress.  I have the added benefit of watching the series with my partner who has not read the books, so part of this post will be his input.It must be said that so far I have been very impressed with Emilia Clarke in her portrayal of Dany.  Particularly in the first episode she seemed to capture the timid little girl who has been somewhat bullied and molested by her brother and sold out to a "savage" horselord.  The second episode shows us two very different sides of Dany; a sulky teenager who wants something else to eat but horse and a sultry Khaleesi with an aim to 'please' the husband that she is so terrified of.  Independently I like all of these images of Dany, but in the context of the Tv series they don't make sense...Unless we are expected to believe that looking at her dragon eggs while Drogo has his way with her gives her the inner strength to take control of the situation.  As readers of the books, gifted with an insightful monologue into how Dany is feeling and what she is thinking, we know that this is her motive.  But for those who haven't, the evolution of the character seems a little stilted and unlike the character we see in the first episode.  At this point, we don't know that the Targaryen's have any sort of affinity with dragons - despite Viserys' jarring quip of 'you don't want to wake the dragon' from the first episode and Dany getting inner strength from the over exploited dragon eggs.  We are even led to believe that Dany the Targaryen, who knows all about waking the dragon does not know that dragons are extinct?My partner turned to me at one point and said, "that girl is obsessed with those bloody eggs, I get it already" swiftly followed by, "let's do a drinking game - every time those eggs appear on screen let's do a shot!" Isn't the point of Chekhov's gun that we know they are there, but they don't come into play until later?  If they are forced on me much more I'm going to start hoping that D&D make a departure from the books and let Viserys kill Dany by hitting her on the head with one!That's a departure from my original point, but I think it's important none the less.  Anyway, so Dany decides to take control over her sex life with a man that she sees as a dangerous savage.  Doreah adds at the end of the scene where she is teaching Dany the Lyseni version of the Kama Sutraby saying "if he wanted the Dothraki way, he wouldn't have married her".  While Doreah did not understand the real reason for the marriage, certainly gold from Illyrio, this line was presented in a way that made it seem like Dany was chosen by Drogo - rather than the fact that he would have married whoever had the largest dowry!  My biggest gripe about the way that the show has present Dany so far is that we seem to have lost a transitional step.  While we are meant to believe that she has evolved throughout this second episode it remains implausible to methat she would have developed any autonomy as Khaleesi.  Surely she would be more terrified of Drogo than she was on her wedding night?I don't think it is a surprise that the rest of the Dothraki were presented in a more sympathetic light in this episode, note the children laughing and playing.I wonder how you all feel about the evolution of Dany in these first two episodes? Is it for you, as it is for me, the weakest link of an otherwise stellar opening?  I'd love to read your comments.I don't disagree that this is the weakest part of the show (well, the prologue was worse by far) or with the majority of your points. But I have a minor quibble. I think it is you who are misreading Drogo immensely if you think he took Dany because of a big dowry. I thought Doreah's line hit the nail on the head and was more effective than any equivalent from the book. Overall, I think this arc improved immensely from episode 1 to 2.
767	Dennai	2011-04-27	That's a departure from my original point, but I think it's important none the less.  Anyway, so Dany decides to take control over her sex life with a man that she sees as a dangerous savage.  Doreah adds at the end of the scene where she is teaching Dany the Lyseni version of the Kama Sutraby saying "if he wanted the Dothraki way, he wouldn't have married her".  While Doreah did not understand the real reason for the marriage, certainly gold from Illyrio, this line was presented in a way that made it seem like Dany was chosen by Drogo - rather than the fact that he would have married whoever had the largest dowry!  Where did you get that from?The TV series hasn't made any reference of Drogo being lured by any dowry. They present it as a possible deal. Droge gets the bride, Viserys get military support for his claim. The khal comes to see his potential bride-to be, and he's happy with what he sees. Deal done.  I particularly like Belafon's interpretation:I think, had Dany not been able to hold his eye upon that first meeting (looking down, acting cowed and frightened) the Khal may not have agree to marrying her. Just my opinion. I think the Khal knew he'd need a girl with the right kind of spirit.The books make no comment of any dowry either. Neither Viserys mentions gold or jewels or any other valuables when he's bitching about the delay in getting his army. He sticks with the "he gets Dany, I get my crown". Even when he tries to force the issue in Vaes Dothrak, he only mentions Dany and the eggs, which were a bridal gift not a part of a paid price.   The only dowry I can think of is some potential promise from Viserys of a handsome reward to Drogo once he's set on the Iron Throne, and we don't even have any indication from the books that is the case.  Certainly, Illyrio didn't provide any dowry. All the opposite: "Dany had heard tales of such eggs, but she had never seen one, nor thought to see one. It was a truly magnificent gift, though she know Illyrio could afford to be lavish. He had collected a fortune in horses and slaves for his part in selling her to Khal Drogo" (AGOT, Daenerys 2, Harper Voyager paperback, pp. 104)  I think the idea of marrying the last survivor of an exotic, prestigious, powerful and slightly mythic race was the driving force behind Drogo's decision. He'd have a woman by his side such as no other khal had in the past, no other khal could ever have in the future.
768	Balefont	2011-04-27	I think the idea of marrying the last survivor of an exotic, prestigious, powerful and slightly mythic race was the driving force behind Drogo's decision. He'd have a woman by his side such as no other khal had in the past, no other khal could ever have in the future.Precisely.Recall how Vaes Dothrak is littered with exotic articles from conquered lands and kingdoms.  What better than to have a living relic as your wife?
769	Yvone	2011-04-27	I think the idea of marrying the last survivor of an exotic, prestigious, powerful and slightly mythic race was the driving force behind Drogo's decision. He'd have a woman by his side such as no other khal had in the past, no other khal could ever have in the future.I can very well believe that. And going back to the question of a dowry, it's interesting to note that no dowry was ever mentioned. Is it weird that Drogo somehow goes up in my estimation of him because of that?! I re-watched the first ep and we really do only get more of the reason for Viserys's benefit in offering his sister for marriage saying "I know how to play a man like Drogo. I give him a queen and he gives me an army". As I already suspected, there's more to Drogo than first meets the eye. Although the marriage was already arranged before he ever saw Dany, I also don't get the impression that Drogo is the type of man to marry just anyone and I think his first time to see her sealed the deal for him, whether that was based on physical appearance alone or combined with the fact that Dany did meet his eye directly.
770	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-27	They really needed to do a Galladriel monologue giving a potted history of Westeros and the Targs. They kinda do it with the opening credits, but without exposition the information you can get from the opening credits is going to be lost on a lot of non-readers. In about 2 minutes they could have gone from the doom of Valyria through to Robert's rebellion and given people a pretty decent historical context for the story.
Perhaps at some point old Nan will summarise things for Bran or someone in KL will summarise for Arya. Or perhaps Tyrion will summarise things for Jon. Maybe Jorah will discuss a few things with Dany. Though the younger the listener the less the exposition comes across as forceed for the benefit of the audience rather than being a natural part of story.
I personally thing Dany should have shown some knowledge of dragons from the perspective of her own family history, i.e. that the Targ dragons died out generations ago, but enquire whether other populations of dragons might still linger.
Dany's story is almost as good as it could be for TV adaptation.
771	Axon	2011-04-28	When I first read the books I was totally jarred by Dany's chapters.  I actually skipped over them a bit, as I didn't really get them and did not have the patience or desire to understand. The Stark/Lannister plotline was too good. Then I slowly got into her character a little more and more, but it took time, almost all three of the first books. I have read the House of the Undying chapter more than any other, as I'm sure many have. 
Dany is now my favorite and I perceive her as the rightful ruler of Westeros. However, she has gotten a litttttle bit annoying of late, but we'll see what happens in ADWD.  As I explained to my GF, she's the most or nearly the most important character overall, though to her, that concept seems impossible at this stage.  When she prompted me to offer more, I told her all of Dany's nicknames, and she was like, "what is she, a rapper?"  hahahahahhaha
					
					
							Edited by Axon, 28 April 2011 - 10:45 AM.
772	Xenophon	2011-04-28	They really needed to do a Galladriel monologue giving a potted history of Westeros and the Targs. They kinda do it with the opening credits, but without exposition the information you can get from the opening credits is going to be lost on a lot of non-readers. In about 2 minutes they could have gone from the doom of Valyria through to Robert's rebellion and given people a pretty decent historical context for the story.In the previews we see Viserys telling Doreah(?) a little bit about the history of the Targs while they're having sex in a bath.  So it seems like they're going to fill us in piece by piece.  Also, HBO has that viewers guide, so if you need to know more now, you can look at that.  I think it's a pretty cool decision to let things develop slowly in the show itself, while relying on external multimedia to fill in the viewers who want more clarity.
773	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-29	I personally thing Dany should have shown some knowledge of dragons from the perspective of her own family history, i.e. that the Targ dragons died out generations ago, but enquire whether other populations of dragons might still linger.Dany's story is almost as good as it could be for TV adaptation.The only problem with this is that all Dany knows of her family history is whatever Viserys has told her. She has lived literally her entire life in exile with only Viserys as family. If Viserys never mentioned that dragons were extinct, she'd have no real way of knowing unless she had previously specifically asked someone else.
774	Aoife	2011-04-29	While I think that's mostly true, I do think she learned some from Darry, and probably some from Mopatis as well. The Darry info would probably be more Westerosi-biased, and (also probably!) less manipulative, but I find it unlikely that either refrained from talking about dragons entirely, especially with Viserys' references. 
With respect to the Targaryen dragons, I think it's unlikely that Viserys has not once said "if only we had still had dragons, the Usurper would never have won" or something to that effect. But then I got the impression that she really was only asking about "far-off" or "foreign" dragons, i.e., that she was doing what Anti-Targ would have liked to have seen, meaning he and I interpreted that part differently.
775	Xenophon	2011-04-29	With respect to the Targaryen dragons, I think it's unlikely that Viserys has not once said "if only we had still had dragons, the Usurper would never have won" or something to that effect. But then I got the impression that she really was only asking about "far-off" or "foreign" dragons, i.e., that she was doing what Anti-Targ would have liked to have seen, meaning he and I interpreted that part differently.Yeah, that's how I took it too.  That she thought her handmaids might have seen dragons out East.  I know it doesn't make perfect sense, since she seems to be asking the non-Dothraki one, but perhaps she had traveled to the East before being sold to Illyrio/Dany.
776	Rand	2011-04-29	I think the idea of marrying the last survivor of an exotic, prestigious, powerful and slightly mythic race was the driving force behind Drogo's decision. He'd have a woman by his side such as no other khal had in the past, no other khal could ever have in the future.Yeah this is exactly how I saw it as well, and as it's been pointed out in the books it mentions that Drogo actually payed a dowry for Dany.  But I'd also like to add that perhaps even more important for Drogo than having a rare exotic wife, is the potential for having powerful exotic children.  I'd imagine what he's primarily after is Dothraki/Valyrian babies, or mixing the blood of Khal Drogo with the blood of Aegon the Conqueror (I think that's the right name?).  Another thing, while it doesn't come out on TV, isn't the point of the dragons egg that they quite literally strengthened Dany?  People are talking about her turning things around and trying to take control, but last time I read the book she was about ready to drop from exhausting by the daily combination of horse raiding & sex, until she has a dream about dragons and starts feeling warmth from the eggs, at which point she almost magically heals. From that point on the daily pains became bearable, and it was then that she starts taking control of her life.
777	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-29	That's precisely why it bothers me - we have seen no translations up to this point, and we have seen nothing of her learning the language. To have her suddenly pop up with a perfect Dothraki phrase without any detail as to how she learned it was a bit jarring for me. Obviously readers will know that one of her maids has been bought specifically to teach her the language, but in the series... nada. So far, Drogo has been simply an object to react to for Dany, and not really a character in and of himself. I hope this changes soon.I dont think so. He dies soon and I think they will only use him for the transition when Dany becomes powerfull.They have too much stuff to show, things like dreams, secondary characters and flashbacks wont be showed. I just hope they filmed some adicional scenes that werent in the series and we are able to see them on the future DVDs.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 29 April 2011 - 02:30 PM.
778	Xenophon	2011-04-29	I dont think so. He dies soon and I think they will only use him for the transition when Dany becomes powerfull.Jason Momoa did say in an interview that his character has an arc, where he opens up as Dany shows him new things.  Admittedly, that's in the same interview where he says Drogo is a lion crossed with a silverback, so I don't know how much depth we're really going to get, but it shows they are trying to develop him into more of a character in his own right.
779	Yvone	2011-04-29	Would they deviate from the story that much though? I hope they do! Drogo is an interesting character and worthwhile discovering more about him, I think. 
Xenophon, by any chance do you have a link to the interview you mention?
780	jorrit	2011-04-30	In the previews we see Viserys telling Doreah(?) a little bit about the history of the Targs while they're having sex in a bath.  So it seems like they're going to fill us in piece by piece.  Also, HBO has that viewers guide, so if you need to know more now, you can look at that.  I think it's a pretty cool decision to let things develop slowly in the show itself, while relying on external multimedia to fill in the viewers who want more clarity.In which preview is that please?
781	RSasoiaf	2011-05-09	My own views on a coupple things:
- Yes, it is implicit that Drogo is the one who paid for Danny and not otherwise. But even so, in the Dothraki way, he didnt actually paid for her, he just gave gifts to the magister for giving him the chance to marry her. its a bit different and he could probably have just sacked the city and grabbed her on his way....no one would actually have the power to stop him there. So that really tells how much Drogo values Danny from the start. She is really special for him and there is no doubt about that.
- Drogo is not the regular Dothraki. He is a great leader because he is strong but also he shows the traits usually displayed by great leaders. He is curious about the world, interested to know about stuff outside his culture....and we know he even goes as far as planning on going against a really big supersticion when he decides that enough is enough and he will cross the sea. Also he is trying to learn Dannys language also...and we have a few more hints that Drogo is far from an ordinary man.
- The reason that attracts Drogo to Danny: as some have said, must be because he feels she is something really special. She is the blood of the dragon, heir to a really powerfull and in some ways divine house. For Drogo it must be really interesting to have the chance to just get to Danny and make her his wife. You have to remember that on the grand scale of things, Drogo was probably born as a minor dothraki prince or warrior, but Danny was born princess of the seven kingdoms and heir to the most powerfull house. History teaches us how Julio Cesar found himself subdued by Cleopatra. Drogo is not a Cesar and Danny may not be "humman". This is just speculation but who knows....maybe Drogo dreams his heir will finally be able to get those Dragon Eggs to hatch....maybe he thinks that adding some dothraki magic and blood will be the trick to create a new "Aegon". Well....the old ladys at his capital seem to be quite willing to believe on that. Also, and more important, Drogo spots sparks of dragon blood on Dannys character from the start. The guy has good instincts! He just knows she is something big.
- Dannys transition: I didnt read like many did in the books. I get more or less a different story from different hints. For me it seems obvious that Danny has a strong character from the start. After all she does try to say no to Viserys, which is totally not the rulle for a girl on her world. She does say she doesnt want to marry Drogo. But, on the book, we are hinted that a few people around her are trying to make her see the positive side. We even see her being a bit on guard about Drogos power and money. She is quite allert when she goes to the mansion and notices the slaves do not wear gold collars. But she also notices Drogo is actually handsome and indeed a powerfull man. So Danny is not really so inocent to beggin with. Thats just what manny like to read about her but she is not. She a lot more Targaryen and a lot more "fire and blood". She doesnt find a way to just showing that from start....also because she is 13 in the books. Still, we also have her 1st momment with Silver where she once again shows her true collors. And then she just gets frightened by her 1st time.....but by the gods....its her 1st night and she cant even speak with the guy....anny 13 year old would be frightened to death by that perspective. Still....we are again given hints that she may enjoy sex and she is even open to experience sex with Drogo....she just needs time and the right way. But then she gets tanggled with the Dothraki horde and ridding all day long among stangers. Again, this must have been a shock for a 13 girl. And she tells us she was not a good ridder to start with.....i dont know if you guys ever tried horseridding but untillyou get it it can be really a pain in the hass....literally!!!! Now had that with the usual Dothraki sex style and you will undersand why the girl is complainning so much. She is not really going down due to her sex life but because at the time being she is really unable to enjoy her life as it is....and obviously she goes down and has doubts that she can take it and be happy like that. But it is she herself who tells us that after her strenght is back, not all her screams during sex are from pain.....so be aware....the girl is willing to have sex like Drogo wants. She is willing to explore and enjoy, once she feels her strenght back. Then the situation just improves as she starts to speak the language and it comes natural that she wants to improve even more and explore her sexual life a bit further...also looking for a way to please Drogo and establish her place in the relationship......because she wants that place. 
I really think manny people just read Danny and miss all the tinny bits where her character shows from the beggining....remember:
one of her 1st sentences if not the 1st in the book is she remarking that no one gives nothing for free and they must want something from her......this is wicked for a 13 year old who has been raised just with Viserys. She is far from 100% submissive. She is actually questioning Viserys view from the 1st momment we see her. Look carefully and you will see it there. Danny is fragile because she has no alternative, but her character is never 100% inocent/defenseless. She knows whats going around and she keeps telling us that she is the blood of the dragon. That is really her main character trait from the start, that she wants to be Aegons heir.
Film Danny unfortunately misses all these bits where she shows some cunning or character strength. She starts far more blank then book Danny, which is understandable. Also film Danny lacks so far her inner strenght from being the blood of the dragon and from being Aegons heir, which really matters a lot to book Danny. Due to this, the film eggs just fall out of the sky as the book eggs are all Danny could have dreamed about. From the momment she sees those eggs she secretly hopes there is a way of hatching them. Her talk about dragons its her playing on her hopes...she is just looking for something to give her hope on those dreams. She wants Dragons!!!!! In all respects, bettween Viserys and Danny, Danny is the true Targaryen, she is trully the last Dragon. It was not Viserys, it was not Aerys, not even Rhaegar....Danny is the last one!
782	TheEvilKing	2011-04-25	Hi team. These are the Official character rankings for Episode 2.BADASS RANKINGS:1. Arya - She totally would have killed Joffrey if it wasn't a terrible idea to kill the heir to the throne.2. Tyrion - For bitchslapping Joff3. Summer4. Cat - For fighting the assassin. Ouch.5. NymeriaHonourable mention: Robb - the most badass at making appointmentsDishonourable mention: JoffreyCHARACTER PORTRAYAL RANKINGS:1. Ned2. Tyrion3. Robert4. Arya5. JoffreyHonourable mention: Cat - so much improved over episode 1Dishonourable mention: Ilyn Payne. Seriously, what was that all about?Feel free to discuss the Official rankings or post your own. /angry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry2:' />
783	BlackStoneCA	2011-04-26	I think all the child actors should get some major props.  From what I have read, this is their first major production on any scale, and they are doing the job.   If non-readers, like my wife, already loathe Joffrey so much that she turns to me and goes "He needs to die, please tell me he dies.  Stab him!  Stab him with the sword!  Do it!  DO IT!"  Then the actor is doing a bang up job nailing his part.
Good television is supposed to bring forth emotional responses like that.   It shouldn't be like "Legend of the Seeker" or Zena where I laugh my ass off and comment on how campy and fake everything looks.
I thought Sansa did a great job, especially the scene at the end of the episode.
I do agree with Ilyn Payne, I never saw him as being that old from the description in the books, and for a actor that has no lines only body language the could of picked someone a bit more physically intimidating.   More time will tell but first impression is big fail for me.
784	fallingfortruth	2011-04-26	I do agree with Ilyn Payne, I never saw him as being that old from the description in the books, and for a actor that has no lines only body language the could of picked someone a bit more physically intimidating.   More time will tell but first impression is big fail for me.I actually didn't really have a problem with Ilyn... I think in a lot of ways it has everything to do with POV. All of the characters are inclined to see him as menacing, because he's dour and the King's Executioner (and a harsh reminder of the Bad Old Days when the Mad King ripped people's tongues out for fun) but there's really no reason that he should actually be all that terrifying. He doesn't have to fight any more, and he's been executioner for a long time...I actually think it's fitting that the King's Justice is a sad, angry old man who was cruelly disfigured by one king and is used by another to do things that he's too avoidant/lazy/afraid/unwilling to do himself.  His only pleasures come from killing, but that doesn't mean he has to be physically imposing, just horrible.  And this Ser ilyn is horrible, and causes fear because of his actions, not his bearing.  I can get into that, narratively speaking.
785	Cold Pie	2011-04-27	Ser Illyn was a bit to twitchy for my taste. He looked more like a mad scientist than an executioner.
					
					
							Edited by Cold Pie, 27 April 2011 - 02:38 AM.
786	TheEvilKing	2011-04-27	Ser Ilyn looked more scared than Sansa.
787	{ Emilia }	2011-04-27	The guy who plays Robb Stark was awful in my opinion. He just seems very awkward and looks uncomfortable in his role. His facial expressions are just random and empty. The scene where he says goodbye to Jon Snow was just terrible. :/
					
					
							Edited by { Emilia }, 27 April 2011 - 12:33 PM.
788	Brewmaster	2011-04-27	I do agree with Ilyn Payne, I never saw him as being that old from the description in the books.I don't see any problem with his age, considering medieval times 30 was pretty old already and 40 was really old.I don't remember age specifics from the book, but he's old enough to have been the executioner for 3 kings.
789	Shakey	2011-04-28	Best minor part - I vote for Maester Luwin.  He commands that role, and has a killer voice.  
(paraphrase)
"Is war going to break out in the Godswood?  How soon words of war become acts of war."
790	TheEvilKing	2011-04-28	Best minor part - I vote for Maester Luwin.  He commands that role, and has a killer voice.  (paraphrase)"Is war going to break out in the Godswood?  How soon words of war become acts of war."I agree, Luwin (is that the correct spelling? I seem to remember an 'e' in there) is pretty good. Ser Jorah is excellent too.
791	NW Deserter	2011-04-28	Ser Jorah is one of those roles I'm really excited to see develop on screen. He hasn't done much yet but the actor playing him is already showing tons of potential.
I disagree about Robb, though I do still think he was miscast a bit. He looks even older than Theon to me, and he looks twice the age of Joffrey. I just think that
	Spoiler it'll be way too believable when this young Stark starts leading armies. He already looks mid-twenties.
792	Rand	2011-04-28	I agree, Luwin (is that the correct spelling? I seem to remember an 'e' in there) is pretty good. Ser Jorah is excellent too.Am I the only one that's getting an Obi-wan Kenobi vibe from Ser Jorah so far?  It's definitely not written that way, but that's how he's come across to me so far on TV.  Nothing wrong with him really, I just think it's kind of funny.
793	Slick Mongoose	2011-04-28	I find I enjoy the characters in the show that I enjoy most in the books - Arya and Tyrion. And both actors are doing a terrific job.
But I have to give that episode to Michelle Fairley, who was brilliant by Bran's bedside.
					
					
							Edited by Slick Mongoose, 29 April 2011 - 07:14 AM.
794	arrowfan	2011-04-29	Yea I was going to post something about the scene in which Cat fights off the assassin, looked pretty realistic and ... painful.
795	TheEvilKing	2011-04-29	Yea I was going to post something about the scene in which Cat fights off the assassin, looked pretty realistic and ... painful.I cringed.But yeah, hated Cat in the first episode, thought her acting was so bad. But she was so much better in this one. Her facial expressions when poor ol' Jonny Boy was saying goodbye to Bran...
796	Cold Pie	2011-05-02	I find I enjoy the characters in the show that I enjoy most in the books - Arya and Tyrion. And both actors are doing a terrific job.But I have to give that episode to Michelle Fairley, who was brilliant by Bran's bedside.Yeah, they're definetly my favourite actors in the series at this point.
797	Ran	2011-04-22	Book spoiler discussion of the episod, when it's available. Please don't post before then.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 22 April 2011 - 02:09 PM.
798	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	they didn't fix they sigils that were wrong in the intro
799	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	Sandor's makeup looks MUCH better this week
800	Aoife	2011-04-24	Well, now we know where the "mercy" idea comes from in the show, too.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 24 April 2011 - 08:29 PM.
801	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	Tyrion just owned these 2 scenes.  Awesome.
Cersei is definitely coming across more sympathetic and less shrill than in the books.
802	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	Say it....
she didn't say it should have been YOU!!!!
they are definitely trying to make her more sympathetic
803	Greywolf2375	2011-04-24	Say it....she didn't say it should have been YOU!!!!they are definitely trying to make her more sympatheticyeah, and not really liking that change.I may be blanking on it, but did that exchange happen with Catelyn & the Queen in any form in the book?nicely referenced to the blood
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 24 April 2011 - 08:24 PM.
804	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	the Baratheon banners are on better display in this episode.
805	Greywolf2375	2011-04-24	starting to wonder if Jaime did actually kill the prior king.be interesting to have the Dany inner monologue so folks could hear what is going on in her head instead of just seeingthere we go.
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 24 April 2011 - 08:30 PM.
806	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	interesting way to bring up the fact that Jaime killed Aerys.
807	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	the direwolves are getting a little more screen time this episode I'd say.
808	Greywolf2375	2011-04-24	+1 for the dagger. the exchange and the wolf coming in.
-1 for CSI: Catelyn
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 24 April 2011 - 08:41 PM.
809	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	CSI Winterfell...
810	Ran	2011-04-24	It'll be episode 5 or 6 before the sigils will be fixed up in the credits. They caught the problem too late.
811	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	I definitely like the actress they have playing Missandei  Doreah (got my slave girls mixed up there)
					
					
							Edited by Cold Hands-Hot Pie, 25 April 2011 - 07:54 AM.
812	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	score another one for the direwolves /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
813	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	get her a dog, she'll be happier for it.
814	Greywolf2375	2011-04-24	Arya definitely reminds me of Christina Ricci in Addams Family.
815	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	Wow, another episode that just FLEW by.
I don't know how they could have improved that in any way.
Only critique is dropping the "It should have been you" and for non-readers the line the used is probably just as effective.
816	Cereal Forel	2011-04-24	My god that was AMAZING. This episode moved me more than pretty much any movie I've seen in the last few years.
817	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-04-24	I liked this episode way more than episode 1. It was good.
818	NW Deserter	2011-04-24	LOVED LOVED LOVED this episode! All the direwolf screentime was awesome!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> 
Also, aside: the "too much nudity" discussion can be put to rest now. They used it sparingly and not at all gratuitously this time, even passed up an opportunity for a lesbian sex scene.
819	Balefont	2011-04-24	Fucking awesome.  Straight from the book - word for word.
820	blackbrother	2011-04-24	Must be having trouble finding a pure white wolf. The little glimpse of Ghost we have is a big let-down, as he is an essential part of Jon IMHO.
821	Starkess	2011-04-24	I missed the "it should have been you" line.
Forgot how absolutely-fucking-angry this sequence of events made me. Almost even more painful to watch it play out on the screen.
Eff you, Sansa. And Joffrey. Seriously, you deserve each other.
822	Trebla	2011-04-24	Ghost it would seem found his way to the cutting room floor.
823	Whiskeyjack	2011-04-24	That was an awesome episode.  Liked it even more than the first one (which was also great).
824	Wellspring	2011-04-24	That was an awesome episode.  Liked it even more than the first one (which was also great).Interesting reaction shot from Sean Bean during his conversation with the King on the way south.
825	Balefont	2011-04-24	And we had light skinned Dothraki.  Take that h8rs.
826	JSpin13	2011-04-24	The lack of Ghost is the only thing really irking me. They could have put at least  CGI wolf trailing Jon 
Joff is odd looking to me, but you definitely hate him, which I guess means he fits his role
827	Whiskeyjack	2011-04-24	Ghost it would seem found his way to the cutting room floor.Yeah, that was strange.  One of my few complaints from this episode (along with Cat finding the blond hair).  Would have expected to see Ghost following Jon north to the Wall or in camp when he talked with Tyrion, at the very least.
828	legba11	2011-04-24	Great, just great.  I didn't care for CSI: Winterfell, but otherwise just great.  I am going to have to convince fiance that not all the episodes will end with her so upset...
2 for 2 on the final scene (though I thought we'd get a brief dream sequence and see something dangerous beyond the wall, just to make us know how important it is).
You see some bits of Ghost, I'm sure he will become more featured when he does in the books (when dealing with the folks at the wall).  He becomes the only important wolf for most of the books, after all.  (With how minimal Bran quickly becomes)  Of course Nymeria may return at some point, certainly hinted about enough in Feast.
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 24 April 2011 - 09:09 PM.
829	Whatever	2011-04-24	ok, that was actually quite weak. i<U+0092>m sorry the didn<U+0092>t show bran<U+0092>s flashback or micah<U+0092>s corpse. and not enough viserys and jon.
looking forward to episode 3 /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
830	Bronn Stone	2011-04-24	Man that called for another hour.  Loved every minute, but wanted so much more.  Wanted "it should have been you".  Wanted the scene with Robb and Catelyn agreeing that Summer should sleep with Bran henceforth.  Wanted Robert telling Joffrey that it would have been a mercy if Bran had died a clean death.  Wanted Cersei clamoring for Lady's pelt.  Wanted Theon to actually have a name.  Wanted it all.
I feel it is going at breakneck speed, to the detriment of the experience.  But ten episodes is what the Gods (old and new) have granted, ten it shall be.  The omissions are clearly for the sake of time.
Luwin's chain is silly.  But not a deal-breaker.
831	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	I loved the episode.  Seeing scenes like the Lannister breakfast and the 'trial' of Arya as nearly exact translations was amazing.  
Lady's death was as horrible as it should have been. The acting of Emilia Clarke was an amazing improvement in this episode over the last, IMHO.  And Michele Fairley as Catelyn was amazing. As expected Tyrion and Arya stole their scenes.  Tyrion slapping Joffrey was probably my favorite scene, just for Joffrey's future sins.  And I love the 'Needle' scene.  Especially the big ol' bear hug at the end.  Another absolutely great episode.
My only two problems, the first rather trivial, the second more serious.  Arya being pronounced as "Ar-e-yuh" by Sansa.  I know that is how the actors were saying it but I thought it was going to be dubbed over, it certainly was when Robert asked Arya's name in the first episode.  And the second problem was the Catelyn/Cersei scene.  Not because they are setting Cersei up to be sympathetic, because I think they definitely made her unlikeable when she insisted on Lady's execution, but because of the whole "fever took my first son" thing.  Unless Cersei was lying to Catelyn, but she didn't seem like it. We all know *checks to see that this is the book spoiler thread* that Cersei was supposed to kill the actual children of Robert's.  So I'm not sure how this fits in. 
But really, minor problems with an amazing episode.
832	iheartseverus	2011-04-24	Did I miss it, or was Ghost nowhere to be seen as Jon headed north to the Wall?
And... Lady... sniff.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />   Cersei, you vicious bitch, I'll enjoy your long slide downwards.  Sansa, for shame, shallow little coward, you disgrace your good name.
833	Starkess	2011-04-24	ok, that was actually quite weak. i<U+0092>m sorry the didn<U+0092>t show bran<U+0092>s flashback or micah<U+0092>s corpse. and not enough viserys and jon.looking forward to episode 3 /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />They did show Micah's corpse, it was the bloody body that Sandor brought back.
834	Trebla	2011-04-24	I did love how they handled the Jos mother issue.  The person I watched it with had just asked, "So who is Jon's mother??" when Robert and Ned discussed Wylla.
835	End of Disc One	2011-04-24	Strong episode.  Not as good as the premiere, but I always thought this would be the worst episode of the season--which of course says good things for the remainder of the season.
836	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Dub and I were shocked at how many scenes were verbatim from the book. 
This episode was stellar, really. No complaints. Glad they cut Bran's dream, as that would likely be too strange to see. I wonder if theyll have him talk about it, though. 
Also loved how they connected Bran and the wolves.
837	Balefont	2011-04-24	In defense of the CSI moment, without Catelyn's prolonged inner monologue on the subject as to how she built up her suspicion, it was probably the quickest and easiest way to convey the importance of her heading south in haste.
838	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-24	I wonder...any one watching this with people who haven't read the books.  How did they react to the change in Cersei's attitude. 
Her previous scene w/ Cat she was all sympathy and then a 180 degree turn to the cold evil bitch after Joff is attacked.
839	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	The lack of Ghost is the only thing really irking me. They could have put at least  CGI wolf trailing Jon Took note of this as well.  No direwolf following Jon out of Winterfell? What is with that? Ghost is one of the most important direwolves.  Hopefully we see him soon.
840	Starkess	2011-04-24	My only two problems, the first rather trivial, the second more serious.  Arya being pronounced as "Ar-e-yuh" by Sansa.  I know that is how the actors were saying it but I thought it was going to be dubbed over, it certainly was when Robert asked Arya's name in the first episode.  And the second problem was the Catelyn/Cersei scene.  Not because they are setting Cersei up to be sympathetic, because I think they definitely made her unlikeable when she insisted on Lady's execution, but because of the whole "fever took my first son" thing.  Unless Cersei was lying to Catelyn, but she didn't seem like it. We all know *checks to see that this is the book spoiler thread* that Cersei was supposed to kill the actual children of Robert's.  So I'm not sure how this fits in. But really, minor problems with an amazing episode.Agreed, that part really stood out to me too. I've convinced myself that Cersei is just trying to plant seeds just in case Jon Arryn made his theory widely known. It's not like Catelyn is likely to try and verify the story. That's my story and I'm sticking to it until it's disproven. :nod:
841	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	Eff you, Sansa. And Joffrey. Seriously, you deserve each other.Hell yeah.  They certainly are horrible creatures.  I am glad that is coming across very very clear.
842	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	I think D and D added that scene to illustrate even further that all of Robert's children have black hair.
843	Balefont	2011-04-24	Dub and I were shocked at how many scenes were verbatim from the book.Us too.  Total multiple nerd-gasms throughout the episode.This episode was stellar, really. No complaints. Glad they cut Bran's dream, as that would likely be too strange to see. I wonder if theyll have him talk about it, though. Also loved how they connected Bran and the wolves.Yes.  Yes. Yes. We shall see. At first I wasn't thrilled about Lady's death being connected to Bran's waking but I understand the necessity due to the cutting out of Bran's dream leading to Bran's waking.
844	Aoife	2011-04-24	And we had light skinned Dothraki.  Take that h8rs.There already were, so that's not the discussion-ending point you think it was.Similar for the comment on the use of nudity in ep 1. It just means ep 2 didn't fall into that trap (and does raise hope that the series as a whole won't). Neither changes how ep 1 went out, especially when that was viewers' first impression of the series.I found the addition of a fourth live birth for Cersei interesting, especially as (I think) Cersei was being genuine about her reaction to her loss. Playing up the blond/dark dichotomy while also making Cersei more sympathetic?
845	JSpin13	2011-04-24	Agreed, that part really stood out to me too. I've convinced myself that Cersei is just trying to plant seeds just in case Jon Arryn made his theory widely known. It's not like Catelyn is likely to try and verify the story. That's my story and I'm sticking to it until it's disproven. :nod:That is exactly what I was thinking... she knows what is coming so she has cover her behind
846	CelticCail	2011-04-24	How does the time go that fast???  
I cracked up with the Irri/Jihqui (don't remember spelling) "It is known" thing, lol.  And I didn't picture Doreah like that at all but she's adorable and sexy as hell.  
Like others have said, my husband and I were really pissed with them leaving out "It should have been you."  Why make that change?
Cersei looked a little better in this episode.  She wasn't nearly attractive enough in the first episode.  I'm still not sold on her though - she's not Cersei to me, whereas most of the actors have taken over my mind when I read the books.  I still see a Michelle Pfeiffer at her best or even young Rebecca de Mornay.  
These episodes are going to be much more difficult to watch than the books were to read.  I wasn't sure I could make it through the scene with Mycah, is it?  (The butcher's boy).  Ugh.  Sansa did a good job freaking out about Lady.  
Arya was the standout for me in this episode.  She's so natural.
847	Aganerral	2011-04-24	It's a change from the books, but I like how they added a lost child of Cersei + Robert.  It establishes that Robert's children would be darkhaired, even when with Cersei.   I think this will make it a bit easier for new audiences to understand the eventual reveal of Joff/Tommen/Myrcella parentage, rather than just rely on Ned's studying of heritage books and visiting Robert's bastards.
I don't mind the humanization of Cersei all that much.  Even in the books, it seemed like she was willing to give Robert a chance before he slighted her (calling for Lyanna, all the other women).  She's still a manipulative b**** /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
848	JSpin13	2011-04-24	Us too.  Total multiple nerd-gasms throughout the episode.Yes.  Yes. Yes. We shall see. At first I wasn't thrilled about Lady's death being connected to Bran's waking but I understand the necessity due to the cutting out of Bran's dream leading to Bran's waking.I was happy about this because we finally got to see that there is a deeper connection to the wolves. I was starting to get frustrated because I felt non readers had no notion just how connected to the wolves the Stark kids are
849	Whatever	2011-04-24	They did show Micah's corpse, it was the bloody body that Sandor brought back.yep, but i expected a big deal about that. like arya seeing it and say something to the hound"i hate you" would have been okay /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
850	Caligula_K	2011-04-24	Loved it. Even better than the premiere, because  I felt this one succeeded at telling the story independently of knowledge from the books (no fault of the first episode... It had so much setup to do)- also got to play with some more emotional scenes. Dinklage is fantastic.
The only changed I'm miffed about is missing Bran's dream, which I think is very important for setting up the epic scope of the series, though it would be very hard to pull off onscreen. Hopefully we get some snippets of it throughout the series...
851	Balefont	2011-04-24	There already were, so that's not the discussion-ending point you think it was.Similar for the comment on the use of nudity in ep 1. It just means ep 2 didn't fall into that trap (and does raise hope that the series as a whole won't). Neither changes how ep 1 went out, especially when that was viewers' first impression of the series.Eefa = wet blanketIt is known.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
852	CelticCail	2011-04-24	I am going to have to convince fiance that not all the episodes will end with her so upset...Are you sure?  lol.  I have zero confidence any of these episodes are going to end well!
853	Dru	2011-04-24	Loved this episode. Joffrey is casted perfectly as I want to rip his face off as well as Sansa. Poor Lady and need more Ghost. Only got a glimpse of him while they panned in on them setting camp when John and Tyrion talk. I especially like how they are making Dani and Drogo's relationship more meaningful.
854	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	I think D and D added that scene to illustrate even further that all of Robert's children have black hair.I think so too but, unless Cersei is lying about the events, it doesn't make sense that Cersei and Robert had a kid, it died, then she had kids with Jaime and proceeded to kill all of her children with Robert.  I did take note of the "dark haired" and "look just like Robert" stuff, but unless we find out later that the child didn't die, she killed it, I think we could have been without that as it only messes with the true events.
855	GRoll	2011-04-24	Must be having trouble finding a pure white wolf. The little glimpse of Ghost we have is a big let-down, as he is an essential part of Jon IMHO.Yeah, we should have seen him at the crossroads when Snow turns north. At least.
856	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-24	Fucking excellent. I missed Renly not being there and laughing his ass off about Arya whipping Joff's ass. And the elimination of "it should have been you" is almost criminal ... but otherwise, fucking excellent.
What is the complaint about not showing Micah's corpse ? the body draped over Sandor's horse was who ? 
My GF looked over at me after the Dany/Drogo sex scene and said "Thats more like it" LOL
Honestly, the ONLY complaint I have is the rehab of Cat Stark. The producers decision to make her less hateful detracts from the power of the story for me. But her battling the assassin to save Bran would have made her a hero in the eyes of most non readers regardless. I'm afraid the producers are falling into the trap of fearing to show the "heroes" as people with weaknesses. I hope I'm wrong and they don't continue to tweak the show into bad vs good
857	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	I was happy about this because we finally got to see that there is a deeper connection to the wolves. I was starting to get frustrated because I felt non readers had no notion just how connected to the wolves the Stark kids areYeah...I honestly thought they were cutting to Bran's room to show that Summer was howling at Lady's death, but having Bran wake as Lady dies is kind of poetic, and a neat way to show the Stark-Direwolf connection. PS: I really really really want a Northern Inuit now. I may have to do some convincing, with a baby on the way, but gods, are they ADORABLE. Nymeria's fetch and then lack of fetch had me in stitches. Oh, and I also loved the "It is known." Dub and I were laughing throughout that scene.
858	Myrddin	2011-04-24	The pacing was much improved in this ep, and having the wolves grow up so fast helps show the passage of time. 
Loved Arya. She's awesome. Considering everyone towers over her, she still holds her own.
And Peter just knocked one out of the ball park. Every word and every gesture is spot on. Even the way he moved Tommen down the bench and teased his niece and nephew spoke volumes about his character. His conversation with Jon was excellent.
This episode was very bittersweet when you consider that most of the farewells were forever.
My only gripe (pretty minor): Where the hell is Ghost? They should've powdered up a dog and let him run after Jon on the road or something.
Cat losing her memorable phrase didn't bother me too much, since it was written so plainly on her face. 
All I can say is, I hope there are some extended episodes for the DVD. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> This is reminding a bit of the theatrical version of the LOTR movies. Fantastic in everyway, yet not enough time to linger on the small moments. Let's start a campaign for an extended edition of GoT! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
859	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	Great episode.
Some nitpicking:
1) It seemed more confusing for non-readers from some lines I picked up, but maybe I am wrong on that.
2) "It should have been you" ... "It should have been in the episode!" But I'll get over it.
3) Need more Ghost!
4) Ilyn Payne looks sort of goofy, but I don't care much about Ilyn Payne.
5) Cersei's speech to Catelyn about losing a child with Robert was interesting. Was this child ever referenced in the books? Was it a real Baratheon lost or was it a sickly incest baby?
6) Investigator Catelyn was silly, but it helps explain the situation better to the viewer, I guess.
7) The random knight that stands beside Robert during the interrogation of Sansa/Arya/Joffrey looked almost exactly like Jaime, and it was confusing for a second, and probably confusing to non-readers if that was him or not.
My favorite parts:
1) Summer acting up during the death of Nymeria, and Bran's eyes opening. It was a nice touch to show that he is a bit different than a normal child, while skipping the dream sequence. It also left a nice cliffhanger for non-readers to wonder what is going on.
2) The two direwolf attacks looked amazing! Very well done.
3) I was not disappointed that they dropped Renly from the tent scene, as it was too emotional to introduce a new character. We'll meet him in King's Landing, no biggie.
4) Starting to subtly show that Jorah is attracted to Daenerys. Well done! We can't see it blatantly through her eyes off-page so I like the little things like him lifting her from her horse and the way he stares after her.
5) I love how the Hound looks!
6) Jon and Tyrion were both very well acted this episode! 
[More to come as I remember and rewatch]
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 24 April 2011 - 09:20 PM.
860	Balefont	2011-04-24	PS: I really really really want a Northern Inuit now. I may have to do some convincing, with a baby on the way, but gods, are they ADORABLE. Nymeria's fetch and then lack of fetch had me in stitches. Yeah, we'll see how you feel after a weekend of Comet and Kiai before you go thinking a puppy is in order.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
861	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-24	Amazing! It was like reading the books on TV!!
No complaints
2/2 Seeing Dany's tatas /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
I know I know, but me like /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
862	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	Honestly, the ONLY complaint I have is the rehab of Cat Stark. The producers decision to make her less hateful detracts from the power of the story for me. But her battling the assassin to save Bran would have made her a hero in the eyes of most non readers regardless. I'm afraid the producers are falling into the trap of fearing to show the "heroes" as people with weaknesses. I hope I'm wrong and they don't continue to tweak the show into bad vs goodI don't think they did make her less hateful.  The person who I was watching it with (who hasn't read the books) immediately said "what a bitch" after she told Jon to leave.  And I, of course, told him she was more of a bitch in the book.  But still it came across.
863	CelticCail	2011-04-24	Unless Cersei was lying to Catelyn, but she didn't seem like it. It seemed clear to me that she was lying and I thought "OMG WHAT A BITCH!"  I was happy they made the point of the child being dark-haired!!!  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
864	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	I think so too but, unless Cersei is lying about the events, it doesn't make sense that Cersei and Robert had a kid, it died, then she had kids with Jaime and proceeded to kill all of her children with Robert.  I did take note of the "dark haired" and "look just like Robert" stuff, but unless we find out later that the child didn't die, she killed it, I think we could have been without that as it only messes with the true events.Eh...it doesn't mess with anything other than Cersei's Maggy the Frog prophecy of how many children she would have. And really, that's not that big of a deal, IMO. I, too, believe she killed the child (or at the very least indirectly caused it's death by drinking pansy tea after she was pregnant).
865	Greylander	2011-04-24	What's the big deal about "it should have been you"?  Given the divergence of Cat & Jon, there is no point wasting screen time on any conflict between them other than establishing that he is a bastard and that she is not too thrilled with the fact.  
In the books, the importance of "it should have been you" can be made with the internal monologues.  But in a TV show, such a dramatically spiteful line would rightly be seen as a setup for an important conflict down the line -- a conflict that will never materialize.  The line itself would only take a few seconds, but would confuse  non-readers unless considerable additional dialogue/scenes were provided  to frame it in the proper perspective.  And to what end?  Fill in a little extra back story and character development that have no relevance on anything that follows?
Even in the books a case can be made that the line makes little sense.  Sure, Cat hates Jon the Bastard, but what line of reasoning would lead to the conclusion that it "should" have been him?  I'm not saying it is impossible for a grief stricken mother to lash out in anger at the hated bastard, but it is a pretty extreme expression of hate, not to mention twisted justice, for a character who generally seems pretty sensible and fair-minded (for example: despite her belief in Tyrion's guilt, she treats him rather fairly).
Leaving out the line was the right decision for the show.
866	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-24	Oh wait one complaint!! Where the hell was the three eyed crow dream?
Fly!
I can't fly!
Then Die, Do you have any corn?
867	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-24	Wow is all I can say. This episode was near flawless, every trivial difference was soooo made up for with all the actual dialog strait from the books. The scene with the assassin was perfect, I knew what was coming and still my heart was racing. Do wish Ghost was in the episode (only complaint), he could have just been sitting by Jon with Tyrion. After being a fan of the books for close to 15 years, this show is a real payoff. Amazing tonight.
Beware the snarks and grumpkins!
868	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	Awesome.  I was expecting this episode to be weaker than the 1st due to some of the early reviews.  
My favorite scene was Robb and Theon discussing possible war and Maester Luwin putting them in their place.  The Robb and Theon dynamic is beautifully set up.  It's going to be tragic to watch how this arc plays out.  
The ending was also done well and it made me feel like I felt during the book when I tell Ned to take his kids and go back North.
Someone said that they liked the actress who plays Missandei but isn't that Doreah?
869	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	It also seems to me that they are downplaying some of Eddard's screen time during his POV chapters, probably so the non-reader is not so drastically crushed when he loses his head at the end of the season.
870	Jonias Snow	2011-04-24	+1 for the dagger. the exchange and the wolf coming in.-1 for CSI: CatelynActually, Cat investigating what happened to Bran is a logical outcome to the assassin. They all thought he fell, but the attempted murder would get any intelligent lord or lady thinking. So naturally she or Robb would go back to the tower. In medieval times, it was the Lord of the manor that played detective, since Robb is a teenager, this would then fall to Cat or Luwin. Finding that hair is also very logical considering what they (Lann) were doing, so a stray strand of long hair (where there should be none), in a long abandoned tower, the location of which is were Bran fell. Its an easy conclusion to come too. What I like about the Godswood scene is how Maester Luwin shuts up Robb and Theon, I smiled at that exchange.
871	legba11	2011-04-24	Are you sure?  lol.  I have zero confidence any of these episodes are going to end well!Well I don't think she'll be too broken up when one ends with Jory Cassell dying...  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
872	blasted_saber	2011-04-24	Great episode. 
Their was one wide angle scene with Ghost in it. His absence in other parts could be explained by him being off hunting. I think their was so much screen time with Nymeria, Summer, and Lady that they may have intentionally cut back Ghost scenes for now.
873	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	The ending was also done well and it made me feel like I felt during the book when I tell Ned to take his kids and go back North.Someone said that they liked the actress who plays Missandei but isn't that Doreah?My fiancee turned to me after Robert walked out of the Inn's common room and said, "If Ned was smart, he would have grabbed his kids and got the fuck out then and there." (As a reader and boarder, he knows Ned was tragically not too smart. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) And yes, that's Doreah, and she's super hot.
874	anne3624	2011-04-24	I got that as well!....Why did they think she should have said something else? .....the series is depicting Caitlin as sympathetic and Ceirsi as sympathetic....why does HBO want to show them in a better light?....dang.....
875	Bronn Stone	2011-04-24	And the second problem was the Catelyn/Cersei scene.  Not because they are setting Cersei up to be sympathetic, because I think they definitely made her unlikeable when she insisted on Lady's execution, but because of the whole "fever took my first son" thing.  Unless Cersei was lying to Catelyn, but she didn't seem like it. We all know *checks to see that this is the book spoiler thread* that Cersei was supposed to kill the actual children of Robert's.  So I'm not sure how this fits in. But really, minor problems with an amazing episode.Eh...it doesn't mess with anything other than Cersei's Maggy the Frog prophecy of how many children she would have. And really, that's not that big of a deal, IMO. I, too, believe she killed the child (or at the very least indirectly caused it's death by drinking pansy tea after she was pregnant).Cersei is telling the truth, almost.  She had a child killed.  By tansy, not pansy.  She did so with great gusto.
876	Aganerral	2011-04-24	5) Cersei's speech to Catelyn about losing a child with Robert was interesting. Was this child ever referenced in the books? Was it a real Baratheon lost or was it a sickly incest baby?As far as I can remember, Cersei's only mention of the books of children with Robert is her telling about how every time she did she drank the pansy tea to abort it.
877	Aoife	2011-04-24	Yes, it's Doreah. Missandei doesn't come in until AFFC, I think. Later, anyway.
878	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Yes, it's Doreah. Missandei doesn't come in until AFFC, I think. Later, anyway.ASOS, n00b. /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' />
879	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-24	Great episode. There's going to be a lot to talk about. But right now I'm all upset about Lady. That scene puts me into a rage every time. And to see it screen, with sweet little Lady chained to the post..../bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> I also liked that we got a little bit of anger and distress from Sansa (I wish she'd been allowed to put up more of a fight, though).
It was nice that this time we got a Naked Drogo and a Clothed Dany /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
I too missed Ghost and the 'it should have been you' line, but I think they got Catelyn's hatred for Jon across pretty clearly.  Loved the Ned and Jon goodbye scene. 
Over all, the only thing that I really wish I could change would be for it to be a 2-hour episode instead of 1-hour!
880	Sturn	2011-04-24	To the "no Ghost" comments, I thought I caught a glimpse of Ghost before the Jon-Tyrion scene about, "Books are the whetstones of the mind".
Perhaps I'm not recalling this correctly, but when the scene starts there is a zoomed-out shot of the camp in which I believe you see Ghost. It then zooms in to Jon and Tyrion speaking. Nothing close up of Ghost that I recall, perhaps they didn't want an animal taking away from this important Tyrion scene?
881	Balefont	2011-04-24	I have no problem with the attempts of depicting Cersei being as sympathetic.  There's plenty there to hate.  If you ask me, it adds to her lack of trustworthiness. But then, these are all characters with several sides.
882	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-24	Yeah missandei "translates" for Dany in I believe Astapor or wherever the hell they sell the unsullied
883	XtremeOne1	2011-04-24	My explanation of the Ceresi and the dark haired child is that the child was her first. I don't see Ceresi killing her first born, not even in the one from the book. 
I loved the episode, my only problem was the lack of three eyed crow.
884	anne3624	2011-04-24	Actually, Cat investigating what happened to Bran is a logical outcome to the assassin. They all thought he fell, but the attempted murder would get any intelligent lord or lady thinking. So naturally she or Robb would go back to the tower. In medieval times, it was the Lord of the manor that played detective, since Robb is a teenager, this would then fall to Cat or Luwin. Finding that hair is also very logical considering what they (Lann) were doing, so a stray strand of long hair (where there should be none), in a long abandoned tower, the location of which is were Bran fell. Its an easy conclusion to come too. What I like about the Godswood scene is how Maester Luwin shuts up Robb and Theon, I smiled at that exchange. Noticed that there was a space on the floor cleared and cleaned where the rest of the floor has dirt and leaves?  then she found the hair...1 + 1 makes 2.....so Catelyn was able to piece it together. I loved it the whole episode.
885	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	To the "no Ghost" comments, I thought I caught a glimpse of Ghost before the Jon-Tyrion scene about, "Books are the whetstones of the mind".He is there. I'm watching it again now on HBO GO, and just got to that part.  So he's there, but I think she should have been there at least in the parting of the ways scene.
886	axels15	2011-04-24	I missed the "it should have been you" line.Forgot how absolutely-fucking-angry this sequence of events made me. Almost even more painful to watch it play out on the screen.Eff you, Sansa. And Joffrey. Seriously, you deserve each other.That was literally my only disappointment and its small so I can deal with it!But I can't think of why they'd take out that one line? Its so perfect and solidified my hatred of Cat. Maybe thats why? They want people to like her?
887	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Another interesting thing that Dub and I talked about during the show is that if Jon is truly the product of R+L, why didn't he tell Catelyn? He thought it might have quelled her anger and hatred of Jon. I responded that I thought it was pretty damn clear (especially the way Bean is playing Ned) that his final promise to his sister was to never reveal Jon's parentage as she feared it could mean his death. And honestly, watching Robert's tantrum about the Targaryens (instead of reading it) was proof enough to me that Ned made the right choice in protecting Jon.
888	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-24	And yes, that's Doreah, and she's super hot.Agreed.
889	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	Cersei didn't even really come across as sympathetic in that scene to me. She only talks about herself and casts the pall of death over Catelyn's head even more regarding her comatose son right beside her. Also we know that she was likely there to see if the kid was near dead yet. So none of that exchange bothered me at all.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 24 April 2011 - 09:29 PM.
890	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	That was literally my only disappointment and its small so I can deal with it!But I can't think of why they'd take out that one line? Its so perfect and solidified my hatred of Cat. Maybe thats why? They want people to like her?It's a cool line in the book I think in the show it would have felt cliche since that line has been uttered so many times in popular culture.The scene still conveyed Catelyn's feelings towards Jon even without that line, just a little more subtle.
891	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-24	WOW!  Just amazing.  I wouldn't change a thing.  I added the "it should have been you" line and husband said "it was on her face anyway"
My only complaint:  having to wait an hour to watch it again.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  (it was not on "on demand" at 10)
892	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-24	Agreed.QFFT
893	NW Deserter	2011-04-24	Doreah  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' /> /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
894	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-04-24	Excellent episode, I laughed ("it is known") and cried (Nymeria)
Thoughts:
I am liking the actor for the Hound more and more.
Cersei's speech was veeeeery interesting.  In the novels, it seemed like those children of Robert's were aborted.  Interesting, and her emphasis on the looks of Roberts dead child makes me wonder if the producers are planning to abbreviate some of Ned's investigation and whether we'll lose characters like Mya Stone later.
Tyrion was great.
The Dany scene was a great recovery from Ep 1 wedding night.
Nymeria /weep
Someone mentioned how great the direwolf attack scenes were.  /agree
I'm shocked and impressed how much they are jamming into each episode.  Really fantastic adaptation.
I'm so happy that other people noticed Ghost's absence.  I was confused in that scene, I kept saying, he can't be headed to the wall, he doesn't have Ghost.
895	axels15	2011-04-24	It's a cool line in the book I think in the show it would have felt cliche since that line has been uttered so many times in popular culture.The scene still conveyed Catelyn's feelings towards Jon even without that line, just a little more subtle.You're probably right. Still missed it a bit thoughFor the person asking why didn't Ned say anything to Catelyn, I imagine that if Lyanna told him to act like Jon was his own son, he would take that promise to the grave, without telling anyone any different
896	Balefont	2011-04-24	With Ned being in the room, I think the "it should have been you line" would have put things over the top.  Ned would have been obligated to speak out against Catelyn (maybe not in front of Jon).  Ned needed to be there in the scene, unlike in the books, so that they could segue into the who fathering a bastard back story for Ned.
897	CelticCail	2011-04-24	I responded that I thought it was pretty damn clear (especially the way Bean is playing Ned) that his final promise to his sister was to never reveal Jon's parentage as she feared it could mean his death. And honestly, watching Robert's tantrum about the Targaryens (instead of reading it) was proof enough to me that Ned made the right choice in protecting Jon.Absolutely agree!  "promise me, Ned..... "
898	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-24	Dinklage and Maisie Williams STOLE this episode.  Tyrion slapping Joff around was tremendous.  Hopefully those who felt the first episode was gratuitous with its sex and nudity (readers and newbies alike) came back for this one, because they shouldn't have had anything to upset them in that regard.
The killing of Lady/awakening of Bran was a nice dramatic moment to end the episode on.  Perhaps not the same hook as "The things I do for love", but that'll be a pretty hard one to top until the season really heats up.
899	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	Cutting out the "it should have been you" line for an Eddard appearance helped with fluidity during the scene. 
Aside from that it is obvious the producers do not want the non-reader to hate Catelyn and Cersei both. So let the line go I say.
900	Shinstar Dragon	2011-04-24	Man, time did fly with this episode.  But it was a great one again.
For those who missed him, Ghost was briefly seen at the Night Watch's camp just before Jon and Tyrion have their talk.  I was half expecting Ghost to attack Tyrion like in the books.
I think that we aren't seeing much of Ghost and the other direwolves because it can be too confusing which wolf is which.  Well, I guess Ghost is unique looking, but like the human characters, too many at a time could be confusing for non-readers.
So, now that Nymeria and Lady are out of the picture, I think Ghost, Grey Wind, and Summer will be more prominent.  Maybe just glimpses of Shaggy Dog.
Regarding Cersei, I do think she killed the child she mentioned to Catelyn.  It's a slight change from the books, but still consistent with her character.
901	Greyhound147	2011-04-24	Love Drogo in this ep. I don't think he said a word just grunted.
902	SergioCQH	2011-04-24	Great episode. No idea why Maureen Ryan gave it a low score.
Those who have complained about the nudity should be happy. It seems as if they went out of their way to show as little nudity as possible.
903	Ormond	2011-04-24	Eh...it doesn't mess with anything other than Cersei's Maggy the Frog prophecy of how many children she would have. And really, that's not that big of a deal, IMO. I, too, believe she killed the child (or at the very least indirectly caused it's death by drinking pansy tea after she was pregnant).It amazes me that people who have read the books have any doubt about Cersei having killed this child.Lord Arryn was said to have died of a fever, but even those who haven't read the books should strongly have the idea now that he was actually poisoned by the Lannisters.So when Cersei says her black-haired baby died of a fever, I immediately interpreted this as "she killed the infant in the same way they later killed Lord Arryn." I do think that the scene makes Cersei look more sympathetic to those who have not read the books. But I would think in the context of knowing the general plot line of the future, this scene should make her look even more like a lying, conniving, cold-hearted bitch to those of us who have read the books.
904	XtremeOne1	2011-04-24	Another interesting thing that Dub and I talked about during the show is that if Jon is truly the product of R+L, why didn't he tell Catelyn? He thought it might have quelled her anger and hatred of Jon. I responded that I thought it was pretty damn clear (especially the way Bean is playing Ned) that his final promise to his sister was to never reveal Jon's parentage as she feared it could mean his death. And honestly, watching Robert's tantrum about the Targaryens (instead of reading it) was proof enough to me that Ned made the right choice in protecting Jon.Except Catelyn loves Ned and is extremely loyal. To not tell her the truth about Jon is a huge disservice and insult to her. Sure maybe in the first couple of years while he still didn't know Cat but when he came to know the person she was, why wouldn't he tell her therefore making life at Winterfell easier for both Catelyn and Jon?
905	fitheach	2011-04-24	Loved loved Loooooved this episode, much better than the first (IMO)!!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
906	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-24	Forgot to mention: The Hound looked much better in this episode!   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
907	axels15	2011-04-24	Dinklage and Maisie Williams STOLE this episode.  Tyrion slapping Joff around was tremendous.  Hopefully those who felt the first episode was gratuitous with its sex and nudity (readers and newbies alike) came back for this one, because they shouldn't have had anything to upset them in that regard.The killing of Lady/awakening of Bran was a nice dramatic moment to end the episode on.  Perhaps not the same hook as "The things I do for love", but that'll be a pretty hard one to top until the season really heats up.Completely agree with your first comment. Those two were brilliant, and from the season review it sounds like we can keep expecting the same. Especially Maisie, I thought her scene in front of the king was so great, full of emotion, going one minute attacking her sister for lying, the next defending her sister and the wolf whole heartedly. Also, getting rid of nymeria, such a sad scene.Lastly, anyone else disappointed that Bran didn't wake up and immediately name his wolf Summer? And how do you think they'll bring across the dream sequence? Will he tell people about it?
908	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Except Catelyn loves Ned and is extremely loyal. To not tell her the truth about Jon is a huge disservice and insult to her. Sure maybe in the first couple of years while he still didn't know Cat but when he came to know the person she was, why wouldn't he tell her therefore making life at Winterfell easier for both Catelyn and Jon?Funny, that's exactly what Dub said to me. (Dub = Young Wolf for those new to the boards.) And I responded with, "But Ned is so...so...fucking honorable, and loved Lyanna so much, of course he would have gone above and beyond granting her her dying wish, don't you think?"
909	Bronn Stone	2011-04-24	Watching it again and I remembered how much I missed  "And DON'T.  TELL.  SANSA."
910	Myrddin	2011-04-24	So, how many people are tuning back in twenty minutes from now for round 2? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
911	axels15	2011-04-24	So, how many people are tuning back in twenty minutes from now for round 2? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm in  /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />
912	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-24	So when Cersei says her black-haired baby died of a fever, I immediately  interpreted this as "she killed the infant in the same way they later  killed Lord Arryn."Um, Cersie killed Jon Arryn?
	Spoiler Wasn't it Lysa Arryn nee Tully and Little finger?
913	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	Another thing, Joff's actor is really great at being a douche.  
Jaime actor = /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> 
Joff actor =  /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />
914	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	Spoiler Wasn't it Lysa Arryn nee Tully and Little finger?
Yes.
915	Ormond	2011-04-24	Except Catelyn loves Ned and is extremely loyal. To not tell her the truth about Jon is a huge disservice and insult to her. Sure maybe in the first couple of years while he still didn't know Cat but when he came to know the person she was, why wouldn't he tell her therefore making life at Winterfell easier for both Catelyn and Jon?This seems pretty explainable by normal human psychology to me. First, once he has lied to her, if he told her the truth a few years later he'd have to deal with her sense of betrayal for the lie. Even though it's rarely a wise idea, in real life there are scores of examples of people who feel they have to keep up with a lie just so they won't have to deal with the repercussions for their relationship of admitting it. Second, if knowledge of Jon's true parentage would put him in danger of death, the fewer people that know the truth, the less the danger. Even if Catelyn had the best intentions, there's always a slight chance she would inadvertently reveal the truth. Ned didn't want to take that chance, however small.
916	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	but no, it was Cersei who killed ArrynNo it wasn't.
917	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-24	So, how many people are tuning back in twenty minutes from now for round 2? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  me.  no school tomorrow, so I can sleep in, maybe.
918	axels15	2011-04-24	No it wasn't.Yup I recall now
919	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-24	Axels15 you may want to re-read storm of swords. Cersie may be many things but that is one you can't lay at her doorstep.
It was Meeeeeee!
920	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	I'm probably going to wait until tomorrow to rewatch it. I need to soak it all in for the first time and blabber here before bed.
921	Balefont	2011-04-24	Considering I watch Ep 1 once a day since it aired, I'm going to wait to re-watch.
922	mimi	2011-04-24	loved it!!
This episode was so much better than the premier. Damn, that hour goes by fast!
- Sansa did it! I had some doubts about her acting, but she nailed it pretty good tonight
- Arya is absolutely as good as I hoped. She rocks!
- The Wall!! That view always amazes me. I literally clapped with joy.
- the attack scenes (all of them) were just perfectly done
- SO many direct lines from the book!
- All the little changes were excellent. Books and tv are 2 different mediums and must be treated as such. 
I give it a 99.9999!!
Loved it!  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
923	Ormond	2011-04-24	Um, Cersie killed Jon Arryn?
	Spoiler Wasn't it Lysa Arryn nee Tully and Little finger?
Well, whoever killed him, to me the juxtaposition of the idea of "fever" killing someone along with the viewing audience's present knowledge of the Lannisters being suspected in Arryn's death should be an indication that we're supposed to think Cersei killed this black-haired baby.
924	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	I am totally impressed that they managed to do the POV chapters nearly line for line and still managed to add in at least three scenes that were not in the book. Very fast moving, just like it needs to be.
925	Abaddon	2011-04-24	Great, great episode.  Pretty much everything has already been covered by everyone else here.  Ghost being largely absent makes sense: he's a non-factor in the episode where Summer, Nymeria, and Lady all factor in hugely.  Ghost is arguably the most important wolf in the series so we will see plenty of him later.
Some of those parting scenes where the Starks talk about seeing each other again so sad when you know what happens.  I imagine less impactful for those who don't know, but just superb acting all around.  I would give this an A (not quite perfect) compared to a B+ for the first episode, personally.
926	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	Considering I watch Ep 1 once a day since it aired, I'm going to wait to re-watch.Dang.  I only watched it 3 times.
927	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Some of those parting scenes where the Starks talk about seeing each other again so sad when you know what happens.  I imagine less impactful for those who don't know, but just superb acting all around.  I would give this an A (not quite perfect) compared to a B+ for the first episode, personally.As as mom, watching Catelyn brush Bran's hair aside and kiss him goodbye killed me, knowing that that would be the last time she ever saw him again. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
928	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	Some of those parting scenes where the Starks talk about seeing each other again so sad when you know what happens.  I imagine less impactful for those who don't know, but just superb acting all around.I agree. Especially Ned and Jon saying farewell, and the promise to talk about his mother, which will never come. Robb and Jon was good, and the Arya-Jon scene was especially touching.Similarly, the Robb-Theon exchange was good. It shows how eager they are, and how inexperienced, which definitely is a foreshadowing of why Robb fails, and it was a sad touch seeing Theon pledge fealty to Robb's cause right on the spot, knowing what happens as we do. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
929	Balefont	2011-04-24	I am totally impressed that they managed to do the POV chapters nearly line for line and still managed to add in at least three scenes that were not in the book. Very fast moving, just like it needs to be.I dunno.  Watching it I couldn't help but hoping season 2 would be more than 10 episodes.  While I appreciate the breakneck speed of these episodes - to an extent - I do find myself craving a moment to slow down and take it all in.
930	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-24	I may have one little nit-picky thing and surprised no one else mentioned it. Snow not falling during Jon and Rob's departure. It is still a clear image from the first time I read the book, and re-inforced in feast when jon is talking to sam with snow falling in sam's hair as well. Again, nit picking. Loved the episode and will ride down anyone like a butcher's boy for disagreeing.
931	Balefont	2011-04-24	As as mom, watching Catelyn brush Bran's hair aside and kiss him goodbye killed me, knowing that that would be the last time she ever saw him again. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Makes me wonder if and when non-readers see the series again, years down the road, and end up feeling even more about that scene because then they know.
932	the sword in the night	2011-04-24	First time poster.  To all my lords and ladies, regards.  Wow, what an episode.  So much feeling and character depth.  Very well adapted.  There was one scene between Cersei and Catelyn that was an intesting addition. BUT ... there was no dream!?  Martin you fox.  I was waiting for it at every scene change.  I really do hope that we get some kind of make-up dream of later on, or whatever. Also, the Ned and Jon exchange had me choked up even though I'm reading the series for the seventh time.  
This series has legs.  Well done.
933	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	I dunno. Watching it I couldn't help but hoping season 2 would be more than 10 episodes. While I appreciate the breakneck speed of these episodes - to an extent - I do find myself craving a moment to slow down and take it all in.I do agree somewhat. I'm envisioning these first episodes as still "setting up" the pieces and players, and once Jon gets to the wall and Ned to King's Landing we will be able to catch our breath.
934	Quithrill	2011-04-24	I liked it lots.  Also wanted to see more Ghost.  I also wish the show would explain to the newbies who the Hound is exactly.  The scene where he scares Sansa and Joff orders him away helped, but my wife has never read the books and doesn't understand why he's one of my favorite characters.  Has it even mentioned his name or job yet?  This hour went by even faster than last week.  I was literally checking my watch thinking "Shit! Only fifteen more minutes? Seriously??"
935	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Makes me wonder if and when non-readers see the series again, years down the road, and end up feeling even more about that scene because then they know.I think so. I mean, as a reader, AGoT is just so much more poignant reading it again knowing all we know now, isn't it?(I'm seriously all teary-eyed thinking about it. Damn hormones.)
936	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-24	Great episode. No idea why Maureen Ryan gave it a low score.Those who have complained about the nudity should be happy. It seems as if they went out of their way to show as little nudity as possible.Yeah, thanks to Maureen Ryan's review, I was kind of dreading this episode and had low expectations for it, so I was pleasantly surprised to find myself thoroughly enjoying every minute of it!  Goes to show you shouldn't take too much stock in reviews. I would be curious to see why she disliked it so much.  I suspect the Dany/Drogo scenes are to blame here, but I didn't find them badly done. Dany's trying to adapt to her new way of life and make the most of her situation.  Her wanting to learn how to please Drogo makes perfect sense to me and will make her life more pleasant too.One thing I did notice, they didn't indicate that Robert got his info about Dany from Jorah. I wonder if for the show they're going to keep the audience in the dark about it so it's a surprise later on? (Ironically when I read the books the first time, Jorah being a spy was a surprise to me because when I first started the series, I was having trouble keeping track of all the characters' names. Therefore, I didn't make the connection in the early chapter. When I reread the book for the first time, I was surprised that they had in fact revealed is early on).There's no reason why Bran can't have dream stuff later. I hope we'll see the three-eyed crow at some point. They had to cut things for time, and this one made the most sense to cut.Considering I liked Catelyn even in the books when she said her infamous line to Jon, I couldn't care less that they cut it.  Come on Catelyn-haters, is it REALLY so terrible to not have as many reasons to hate her? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Cersei insistence that Lady be killed should really negate any sympathy she might have gained from viewers when talking to Catelyn about her first child dying. I liked how the producers drop that hint for the later reveal that Cersei's kids are hers and Jaime's.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 24 April 2011 - 10:02 PM.
937	legba11	2011-04-24	Except Catelyn loves Ned and is extremely loyal. To not tell her the truth about Jon is a huge disservice and insult to her. Sure maybe in the first couple of years while he still didn't know Cat but when he came to know the person she was, why wouldn't he tell her therefore making life at Winterfell easier for both Catelyn and Jon?Ned's tragic flaw is his honor.  He made a promise to his dying sister and he will keep it without regards for love.  He chooses honor over love when he accepts Robert's request to become the hand.  He chooses honor over the thousands of lives when he does not move with Renly when Robert dies.  Also being a Targaeryn would make Jon a serious problem for Robert.
938	Balefont	2011-04-24	I think so. I mean, as a reader, AGoT is just so much more poignant reading it again knowing all we know now, isn't it?(I'm seriously all teary-eyed thinking about it. Damn hormones.)Yes.I mean, I've read GoT 7 times now and every time I hope this time Ned doesn't confront Cersei about the kids and instead picks up his family and leaves.  He always disappoints me.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
939	madking	2011-04-24	Ahhh here we go again /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> encore!!!
940	Trebond	2011-04-24	I agree with all the comments regarding the CSI-inspired Catelyn moment.
It almost felt like one of the CSI Intro Pun pics you see all over the net (see e.g. http://i30.tinypic.com/2lmufm8.jpg)  I expected her to put on a pair of aviators and say "Hair today.........gone tomorrow." YEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!
941	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	Another thing that struck me was after telling Jon that they will talk about his mother, Ned says "I promise."  
I might be wrong but I think that's a nod to, "Promise me, Ned."  Since we don't get the inner thoughts and since that was such a big part of Ned's thoughts in the books, I thought it was cool (that is, if it is indeed a nod to the book line).  It's also a neat hint for R+L=J /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 24 April 2011 - 10:05 PM.
942	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Yes.I mean, I've read GoT 7 times now and every time I hope this time Ned doesn't confront Cersei about the kids and instead picks up his family and leaves.  He always disappoints me.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />I know! Except for me it's always, "Cmon Ned, just listen to Renly's offer. It may not be the honorable thing to do, but dammit, Ned, think of the children! (Your children. Not Cersei's. Freaky incest babies.)"
943	Axon	2011-04-24	Jon/Arya was amazing.  Nymeria totally ignoring Arya was hilarious.  That scene pulled at my heart strings.  I can't believe that's the last time they've seen each other!  Wishful thinking, but I'd love a reunion in ADWD.
944	XtremeOne1	2011-04-24	Funny, that's exactly what Dub said to me. (Dub = Young Wolf for those new to the boards.) And I responded with, "But Ned is so...so...fucking honorable, and loved Lyanna so much, of course he would have gone above and beyond granting her her dying wish, don't you think?"So he honored Lyanna by disgracing and dishonoring both her son and his wife? I think he would have been more honorable to tell Catelyn...I don't see how Ned wouldn't think his sister wouldn't want her son to have an easier time at life.I don't know...I think the honorable thing would be tell his wife the truth...even if he promised Lyanna.
					
					
							Edited by XtremeOne1, 24 April 2011 - 10:06 PM.
945	MedievalMan	2011-04-24	Great episode, even better than the first.
My wife hasn't read the books, and although she was reluctant to watch at first (expecting another Lord of the Rings), I think she's getting into it.
When Cersei wants the wolf dead, my wife shouted "oh, why don't you just go f**k your brother!".  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />   I have a few dogs myself and it's tough to see a dog (err... direwolf) needlessly killed (especially since Lady was totally innocent).
946	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	One thing I noticed as a continued irk from the pilot is that many of the actors and actresses seem to mumble or are hard to hear exactly. I'm not sure where all of them are from so I'm not sure if it's just them getting used to the accent and/or characters, or maybe it's just my lousy hearing.
Regardless, I know most of the lines by heart (dear god help me) so it's not really a problem, just something I noticed.
947	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Another thing that struck me was after telling Jon that they will talk about his mother, Ned says "I promise."  I might be wrong but I think that's a nod to, "Promise me, Ned."  Since we don't get the inner thoughts and since that was such a big part of Ned's thoughts in the books, I thought it was cool (that is, if it is indeed a nod to the book line).Oh, absolutely, and Bean played with a distinct nuance; a hint of a sad smile on his lips, and his eyes were vaguely distant.It makes me wonder what he knows (as an actor), or if he's making these nuanced, layered choices on instinct alone.
948	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	So he honored Lyanna by disgracing and dishonoring both her son and his wife? I think he would have been more honorable to tell Catelyn...I don't see how Ned wouldn't think his sister wouldn't want her son to have an easier time at life.Well you don't know what he promised her.  Remember, "about the promises I made and the prices I made to keep them."
949	aliceunderskies	2011-04-24	We watched it with my parents, neither of whom have read the book, and even without the "It should have been you" line they both picked up on Cat's intense and hostile dislike for Jon. My mom, who was having trouble telling Robb & Jon apart, turned to me in distress, wanting to know why she was attacking her boy...! And then when I explained that, no, that's the bastard she was all, "Ooooh, so she's insecure and hates the bastard, got it." 
Given that the reaction to Cat's nasty look and "Get out of here" was the same I don't really know why they changed the line; it really doesn't seem to me like they're making a (successful) attempt to soften Cat in that respect. 
The only thing I was bothered by was the lack of Ghost. Everything else was really good in this one! The pacing was MUCH better and my non-book-reading, non-fantasist parents were entranced and say they're going to get HBO so they can keep watching. I hope they continue on in this vein.
950	Balefont	2011-04-24	So he honored Lyanna by disgracing and dishonoring both her son and his wife? I think he would have been more honorable to tell Catelyn...I don't see how Ned wouldn't think his sister wouldn't want her son to have an easier time at life.I don't know...I think the honorable thing would be tell his wife the truth...even if he promised Lyanna.Yeah, and then Robert would have had Jon killed or killed him himself.  And probably killed Eddard for betraying him about the whole bloody affair.Ned would rather have him appear as dishonorable for the sake of protecting his sister's son and his own House.  Fathering a bastard is not a crime.  Sheltering a Targaryen during the reign of Robert, is.
951	Trebla	2011-04-24	Saw a replay and did see Ghost sitting at the fire when Tyrion and Jon talk. Methinks if and when they producers are asked they say "he was off hunting in the other scenes."  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I liked the despth of Cersei in this episode. She wasn't just a mustache twiddling baddie. She appeared to feel guilty when she talked to Cat. And is it just me or did jaime look haggard in his scenes, almost like he hadn't slept well. I'm having difficulty liking the Hound. He just doesn't have the saracastic menace from the books. Really liking Kit Harrington and Maise Williams. They're Needle scene was perfect.
952	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-24	Jon/Arya was amazing.  Nymeria totally ignoring Arya was hilarious.  That scene pulled at my heart strings.  I can't believe that's the last time they've seen each other!  Wishful thinking, but I'd love a reunion in ADWD.I actually found myself close to tears with that scene!  It's so hard knowing that after all these books, they still haven't been reunited.   I really want there to be a Jon and Arya reunion and a Arya and Nymeria reunion. GRRM isn't going to give everyone a depressing ending right? There will surely be some happiness and I'm clinging to that hope!I was also really impressed by the assassination scene. I think they hit right notes on there except my brother who hasn't read the books was a bit confused about where the fire was. They probably should have Robb say, "It's the library". My brother just thought the tower where Bran fell was on fire.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 24 April 2011 - 10:09 PM.
953	Bronn Stone	2011-04-24	Though it does seem they intend to compress the number of Hands to Aerys.  Tyrion and Jaime both refer to the fact that Tywin was Hand when the Mad King was slain.  Poor Rossart, we hardly knew ye...
954	fitheach	2011-04-24	One thing I noticed as a continued irk from the pilot is that many of the actors and actresses seem to mumble or are hard to hear exactly. I'm not sure where all of them are from so I'm not sure if it's just them getting used to the accent and/or characters, or maybe it's just my lousy hearing.Regardless, I know most of the lines by heart (dear god help me) so it's not really a problem, just something I noticed.No your fine, I also had a hard time understanding (for the first 15 minutes) a good amount of the dialog.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> Will have to watch again tomorrow.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 24 April 2011 - 10:09 PM.
955	Balefont	2011-04-24	Oh, absolutely, and Bean played with a distinct nuance; a hint of a sad smile on his lips, and his eyes were vaguely distant.It makes me wonder what he knows (as an actor), or if he's making these nuanced, layered choices on instinct alone.Maybe.  Or maybe he's just that fucking brilliant of an actor.  Seriously, I am blown away with his performance.  Each time I re-watch I see it more and more and it's eerie how well he gets into character.
956	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-24	No your fine, I also had a hard time understanding (for the first 15 minutes) a good amount of the dialog.  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> Will have to watch again tomorrow.Guys just turn on the closed captioning. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's great for shows like this with a lot of actors with accents.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 24 April 2011 - 10:11 PM.
957	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	I don't know...I think the honorable thing would be tell his wife the truth...even if he promised Lyanna.Brienne once said, "There is no stronger an oath than the one made to the dead." (this is not exact wording)Considering how similar her ideas of honor are to Eddard's, and the fact that Lyanna was his sister, it makes perfect sense that regardless of how much better life would be with Catelyn knowing, he simply cannot reneg on his vow to his sister.
958	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	So he honored Lyanna by disgracing and dishonoring both her son and his wife? I think he would have been more honorable to tell Catelyn...I don't see how Ned wouldn't think his sister wouldn't want her son to have an easier time at life.I don't know...I think the honorable thing would be tell his wife the truth...even if he promised Lyanna.Eh, I suppose you and I have a different read on Ned Stark and his definition of honor. I truly believe that he made the harder choice, the more honorable choice, by choosing to raise Jon as his own - because in making that choice, he dishonored his own name, and kept his sister's honor and dying wish. Not to mention that it seems that she and Ned were extremely close (closer than Ned and Catelyn were at the beginning of their marriage, without a doubt). I don't think raising Jon as a bastard was truly dishonoring him. He raised him as a son - in his home, along with his other children. The only difference was his last name. And with that name saved his life, as you can again see Robert's bloodlust for all named Targaryen.
959	Jon Blackfyre	2011-04-24	The only thing I felt should have been in that wasn't was more Ghost.  My fiance said as soon as it was over "What happened to Jon's wolf?"
 All the other minor changes were not a big deal to me.  The omission of "it should have been you" is not that big a deal, you can tell Cat hates Jon without it.  
The Cersei story of her first son that had black hair and looked like Robert is just to give a better idea to non-readers in the future that Robert's kids are all black haired.  It will be easy to have Cersei say later on, "I killed all the children Robert fathered on me, in the womb or once they'd been born."
All in all I really enjoyed this one!  Waiting another 7 days is like torture.
960	Bronn Stone	2011-04-24	Considering I liked Catelyn even in the books when she said her infamous line to Jon, I couldn't care less that they cut it.  Come on Catelyn-haters, is it REALLY so terrible to not have as many reasons to hate her? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Part of me wonders if the toning down of Catelyn and Sansa is a reaction to these forums.  D&D certainly browsed our forum many times over the years.  I never felt that GRRM expected, intended or understood the Sansa and Catelyn loathing.  So they are making changes to bring the characters in line with GRRM's intent.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 24 April 2011 - 10:13 PM.
961	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	Maybe.  Or maybe he's just that fucking brilliant of an actor.  Seriously, I am blown away with his performance.  Each time I re-watch I see it more and more and it's eerie how well he gets into character.Heh.  I have to agree.  I'm not sure how much he knows, but I am positive that at least Dave and Dan know.  Bean just delivers.
962	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Maybe.  Or maybe he's just that fucking brilliant of an actor.  Seriously, I am blown away with his performance.  Each time I re-watch I see it more and more and it's eerie how well he gets into character.That's what I'm saying, sweetie. I am blown away by his choices, regardless of what he does or does not know. He's absolutely brilliant.
963	Steel_Wind	2011-04-24	Yes.I mean, I've read GoT 7 times now and every time I hope this time Ned doesn't confront Cersei about the kids and instead picks up his family and leaves.  He always disappoints me.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />It's just like Titanic.  Every damn time I watch that ship always sinks and Jack always dies.
964	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	That's what I'm saying, sweetie. I am blown away by his choices, regardless of what he does or does not know. He's absolutely brilliant.Between Bean, Dinklage, Nikolaj, there's just so much good acting.  I hope Bean doesn't get overlooked.
965	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	It's just like Titanic.  Every damn time I watch that ship always sinks and Jack always dies.There's always next time!Wait... /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
966	Isabella Stark	2011-04-24	Reading the books, I liked Arya well enough, but in this series I'm loving her. Maisie Williams is fabulous.  The expression on her face when they're taking Lady away was priceless!
Also Liked Nymeria helping Arya pack (until Jon comes in).
I agree there needed to be more Ghost.  I think my one complaint of eps 1 and 2 is they didn't do enough to establish the Stark children- direwolves bond.
I like to believe that GRRM has told Sean Bean Jon's Snow's secret history.  Has anyone (like an interviewer) asked him?
967	Balefont	2011-04-24	@ the lack of Bran's dream
I'm probably going to be shot for saying this BUT - I'm glad there was no dream sequence. I loathe "dreams" in books and this one, I feel, is one of the weakest chapters in the book.  I get it. I get its importance. I just didn't like it in the books and I can't imagine even trying to translate it to the screen. ; Assuming we even have to deal with the 3 eyed crow in ASoS, I'm sure D&D will drop hints as needed in order to properly lead up to that part of the story.   Otherwise, it's a very slight glimpse at a beginning plot line so far down the road for the series it would seem out of place on screen at this time, IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 24 April 2011 - 10:22 PM.
968	fitheach	2011-04-24	Oh, absolutely, and Bean played with a distinct nuance; a hint of a sad smile on his lips, and his eyes were vaguely distant.It makes me wonder what he knows (as an actor), or if he's making these nuanced, layered choices on instinct alone.I also liked the conversation when Ned was with Robert, Robert said something to the effect wonder what she looked like in regards to Jon's mother (anyone know the exact words?) and Ned getting tense and saying something like you can keep wondering... If Jon is L's child, he would definitely be prickly and on his guard around Robert, and his reaction to Robert in that conversation is (possibly) telling.. Robert of course would think Ned is uncomfortable talking about (and describing) Jon's mother only because of his honor (not because of a secret).Edit: Not that I'm buying the whole L+R=J theory...Guys just turn on the closed captioning. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's great for shows like this with a lot of actors with accents.Yeah, I usually don't have a problem with accents. It was a little frustrating...
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 24 April 2011 - 10:30 PM.
969	Kinzee	2011-04-24	I wonder...any one watching this with people who haven't read the books.  How did they react to the change in Cersei's attitude. Her previous scene w/ Cat she was all sympathy and then a 180 degree turn to the cold evil bitch after Joff is attacked.My BF hasn't read the books.  As soon as the episode was over he looked at me and said, "Those people are horrible!"  Meaning the Lannisters.  And then added "Well, not the King, he's OK."  He tells me that he didn't feel sympathy for Cersei at all.  When she was having that heart-to-hearth with Catelyn, my BF says he assumes she was doing it spitefully, as if to rub salt in the wound.I think, already, the damage to Cersei's character is done at this point.  People already know that they don't like her, and no ammount of "woe is me" will help them to forget that she's a cold-hearted bitch.
970	dmkoffler	2011-04-24	So about the non-book scene where Cersei tells Catelyn about the boy she lost: Clearly that was added to help humanize and soften Cersei's character, but it seems to me that the larger point was the detail about him having black hair -- foreshadowing the reveal of Joffrey, Tommen, and Myrcella's paternity, and allowing them to cut down the exposition of the history of previous Baratheon/Lannister matings from the book.
971	Rockroi	2011-04-24	Another Week, another just top-rate episode.  For some reason I expected a let-down this week, but nothing of the sort happened.  In fact, I think this episode- free from the break-neck pace of the pilot- I liked a hair better.  Here<U+0092>s why:1. The Queen and her first child: This is clearly the best scene in the series that was not in the books.  This scene was Cersei doing a very good job of covering her tracks by paying her respects, mother-to-mother.  Which leaves a series of harsh questions, most notably, did Cersei mean what she said?  Its possible that Cersei really does regret Bran<U+0092>s fall and really does want him to recover in the hopes that he would never uetter what happened (as she states- unconvincingly- in the books).  Or<U+0085> its all a mirage; she used real emotions to hide her true ones in the hopes that some Riverland bitch and her stupid Northern flock will be fooled.  And then this: what if she made the whole thing up?  With THIS Cersei<U+0085> I put nothing past her.  2. The KIngslayer<U+0092>s Brother: Finally, they mention that Jaime slew poor old Mad King Aerys II.   Jon Snow throws it into Tyrion<U+0092>s face.  And then we see- only through the lens of a really good actor like Dinklidge <U+0096> just how the comment disgusts Tyrion.  I always THOUGHT it would have been Jaime<U+0092>s ire.  NOPE!  We see- quite clearly- how much this comment- from a bastard no less- irks Tyrion.  And you see in his face why: how dare this shit throw up Jaime<U+0092>s good deed into my face- just like everyone else does behind Jaime<U+0092>s back!<U+0094>  Tyrion almost looked like he had to hold himself down.  It<U+0092>s a subtle- or not- reminder of how much pride the Lannister<U+0092>s have in their name and how much love Tyrion has for Jaime.  And how much other people do not get it.  And I liked how Tyrion interacted with his niece and nephews.  3. Drogo-Dany, part deux:  First, I liked how Dany looked at the eggs to almost harden herself for getting fucked/raped by Drogo.  Second, then the scenes where Dany learns better sex and then- masterfully- takes control.  She is nobody<U+0092>s slave.  This turns a really harsh scene in the pilot into a redemptive moment for both characters: Kal Drogo can be more subtle and Dany CAN be the master.  4. By the book: Almost every scene this week was identical to what we saw in the books: whole swatches of dialog were taken in full sheets.  Well done.  5. This far, no farther: It<U+0092>s a great scene in the books, but when the yet-as-to-be-named-direwolf (<U+0093>Summer<U+0094>) gouges the throat of the attacker and then plops himself onto Bran, we see that this one has that bond with Bran and by context all the wolves<U+0092> bonds with their hosts.  But when that Direworlf plopped down next to Bran all I could think wa that was not a wolf or a CGI (it wasn<U+0092>t but it may soon be a CGI); it was not a device or a deux-ex Machina etc.  No.  That was Summer- a full fledged character who nuzzled up o Bran and said to anyone who could dare to care: <U+0093>You have to get through me to get to him.<U+0094>  Almost<U+0085> almost like he was making up for what happened at the tower.  6. Robert the Fat and the Naked Lady: I loved how Robert was very Robert all episode- at the meeting with Ned and thereafter.  And then I loved how he became smaller than a snail when Cersei demanded a wolf pup.  And then Arya and Sansa and their eyes and Ned seemed to choke back some tears as well.  Finally the deed was done and somehow a scene that time will soon forget was as powerful as it ever was in the books.  We see how personal Ned takes it, how deeply innocent Lady was.  And how cruel this age could be.  Startling.  7. I want you to leave: I, for one, LIKED that Cat did not say the utterly heartless <U+0093>It should have been you<U+0094> line which 1) is almost crazy and 2) makes no sense.  In the book it has a place: we have to see how tough Jon Snow has had it so hard in a very short period of time.  Well, in the show, they cover that and thus can change that line. 8. Less Hound, More Bite: In the books, the Hound is more emotional, more severe; here he is almost detached from all this, especially when he slays the butcher's boy.  His "He didn't run very fast" line is spoken far more matter-of-factly  almost like... a dog doing the butcher's work.  What I am on the fence about: 1. The Missing Ghost of Jon Snow: Its not that I NEED to see this walking plot device anytime soon, but more of him and the remaining Direwolves would have been welcome. 2. Jaime and Jon: I have no clue why this scene was there- to tell us about the wall?  To make Jon seem brave? Jaime seem like an asshole (like that<U+0092>s needed after last week)?  This seemed like unnecessary filler.  But it has Jaime in it so I'm not complaining (my instinct is that Jaime is not in the episode much at all and maybe the actor's or producers wanted him in the scene to have him earn his money).  3. Here<U+0092>s The Wall<U+0085> Now Go Somewhere Else: The least they could have done would have been to give us a brief tour.  Not liking:1. The King and His Court of like 4 guys:  I would like the show much better if we finally gt to meet Renly and Selmy etc.  Those scenes work a lot better if you actually have the crown<U+0092>s court around.  I especially did not like that the Hound got Selmy<U+0092>s lines.  We need more depth to this breath. Overall the better of the two episodes where emotion rules the day.
972	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-24	Between Bean, Dinklage, Nikolaj, there's just so much good acting.  I hope Bean doesn't get overlooked.I don't think you have anything to worry about.
973	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	@ the lack of Bran's dreamI'm probably going to be shot for saying this BUT - I'm glad there was no dream sequence.&nbsp; I loathe "dreams" in books and this one, I feel, is one of the weakest chapters in the book.&nbsp; I get it.&nbsp; I get its importance.&nbsp; I just didn't like it in the booksand I can't imagine even trying to translate it to the screen.&nbsp; Assuming we even have to deal with the 3 eyed crow in ASoS, I'm sure D&amp;D will drop hints as needed in order to properly lead up to that part of the story.&nbsp; Otherwise, it's a very slight glimpse at a beginning plot line so far down the road for the series it would seem out of place on screen at this time, IMO.<br>Yea, it would seem out of place since we still haven't even met the Three Eyed Crow in the books.  It wouldn't fit in the first season.  That said, dream sequences sometimes can be done right.  The Sopranos had some good dream sequences for example.
974	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-24	I like to believe that GRRM has told Sean Bean Jon's Snow's secret history.  Has anyone (like an interviewer) asked him?And I'm sure it would be pretty unethical to answer that.  (a genereal yes or no would be ok, but an good interviewer would then try to followup on it)
975	Ran	2011-04-24	Not sure if it's been noted, but Ghost is briefly glimpsed in the establishing shot for the Tyrion & Jon scene. He's lying down off to one side. Otherwise, yeah, can't be seen. The dogs were not the easiest to work with (a breed + time thing), so you'll notice they aren't around as much as they are in the books.
976	LadyFireandIce	2011-04-24	I didn't really care for the Cersei/Catelyn conversation.  I don't get how it would produce sympathy for Cersei- she was directly responsible for Bran.  My only thought is its another way to foreshadow the revelation of Joff, Myrcella and Tonmen's parentage.
As for the discussion of R + L = J and why Ned doesn't tell Catelyn, I think Catelyn might've been tempted to not treat Jon so bad if she knew the truth.  But if the rest of the world thought he was a bastard, she would have to treat him like a bastard.  Maybe Ned just didn't want to risk that happening.
I did miss Renly, only because it's such a great introduction to the character.  And Ghost, there was not nearly enough of him.  Other than those little things, I loved this episode.  It was better than the first, and I just have the feeling each episode is going to get better.
977	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	I also liked the conversation when Ned was with Robert, Robert said something to the effect wonder what she looked like in regards to Jon's mother (anyone know the exact words?) and Ned getting tense and saying something like you can keep wondering... If Jon is L's child, he would definitely be prickly and on his guard around Robert, and his reaction to Robert in that conversation is (possibly) telling.. Robert of course would think Ned is uncomfortable talking about (and describing) Jon's mother only because of his honor.Exactly. He was incredibly guarded; when you read this scene in the books, and imagine in your head Robert's reveling in his past dalliances, and then imagine Ned's prickly response, at first you chalk it up to the fact that Ned is just not the kind of guy to kiss and tell. But watching Bean act this scene, at least to me (and really, I may be seeing what I want to see here), it seemed like he was terse and short because he was hiding something. His body became rigid, and he eyes became cold. That is not something you would see in the books, because you can't watch Ned watch himself have a conversation, KWIM?
978	Blue Steel	2011-04-24	Not sure if it's been noted, but Ghost is briefly glimpsed in the establishing shot for the Tyrion & Jon scene. He's lying down off to one side. Otherwise, yeah, can't be seen. The dogs were not the easiest to work with (a breed + time thing), so you'll notice they aren't around as much as they are in the books.Also, including Ghost or Grey Wolf for example would have been mostly fan service.  Lady, Nymeria and Summer got a lot of screentime because they needed it.
979	Balefont	2011-04-24	Yea, it would seem out of place since we still haven't even met the Three Eyed Crow in the books.  It wouldn't fit in the first season.  That said, dream sequences sometimes can be done right.  The Sopranos had some good dream sequences for example.I think dream sequences are a matter of taste.  I just never liked them.  I don't like fishing through for the possible symbolism.  I think they are, many times, overused.  But that's a whole different discussion.I'm definitely not unhappy about it not being included - at least in the episode. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
980	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-24	Outstanding episode - all around, I enjoyed this one much more than the first (although I thought it was great, too).  Every important scene was pitch perfect and relevant to moving the narrative forward.  Thus far, I have to commend D&D on their approach to telling this complex story in such a  compressed time frame.  Add to that some stellar performances and excellent effects work (the direwolf scenes were masterfully done - much better than I was expecting) and it made for another superb hour of television.  
My only real complaint is that the episode started off a wee bit slow.  I would have probably begun the episode with the Tyrion/Joff scene rather than the Daenerys/Jorah bit.  While it's getting better, the pace and direction of Dany scenes still seems a wee bit awkward compared to the rest of the episode content.  I did enjoy the interaction between Dany and her handmaidens ("it is known" made me grin, reeeeeal big  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />), and the performances were fine.  I think that part of the story just needs a bit more room to stretch its legs since there are a lot fewer action sequences on that side of the world early in the book.
981	Balefont	2011-04-24	Exactly. He was incredibly guarded; when you read this scene in the books, and imagine in your head Robert's reveling in his past dalliances, and then imagine Ned's prickly response, at first you chalk it up to the fact that Ned is just not the kind of guy to kiss and tell. But watching Bean act this scene, at least to me (and really, I may be seeing what I want to see here), it seemed like he was terse and short because he was hiding something. His body became rigid, and he eyes became cold. That is not something you would see in the books, because you can't watch Ned watch himself have a conversation, KWIM?Exactly.  What better way to hide Jon's parentage but behind Ned Stark's prickly honor?
982	the sword in the night	2011-04-24	Us too.  Total multiple nerd-gasms throughout the episode.Yes.  Yes. Yes. We shall see. At first I wasn't thrilled about Lady's death being connected to Bran's waking but I understand the necessity due to the cutting out of Bran's dream leading to Bran's waking.Really!?  Bran's dream is the start of like the most important quest in the series so far.  I really hope that they get it in somehow, but I fear they won't.  The third eye is so pivotal to the spiritual/prophetic aspect of the story. IMHO.  Please don't tale out the gods like in Troy.
983	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	Exactly.  What better way to hide Jon's parentage but behind Ned Stark's prickly honor?Have I told you lately that you complete me? /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
984	Balefont	2011-04-24	Have I told you lately that you complete me? /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />You had me at "What up, bitch?!"
985	Balefont	2011-04-24	Really!?  Bran's dream is the start of like the most important quest in the series so far.  I really hope that they get it in somehow, but I fear they won't.  The third eye is so pivotal to the spiritual/prophetic aspect of the story. IMHO.  Please don't tale out the gods like in Troy.Meh.  Like I said, I get it.  BUT, it can wait until at least the end of Season 2 or the beginning of 3.
986	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-24	Really!?  Bran's dream is the start of like the most important quest in the series so far.  I really hope that they get it in somehow, but I fear they won't.  The third eye is so pivotal to the spiritual/prophetic aspect of the story. IMHO.  Please don't tale out the gods like in Troy.But we don't need to SEE the dreams.  That would have sucked.  Bran can mention it at a later time.
987	Mya Stone	2011-04-24	You had me at "What up, bitch?!"/kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' />And Re: Greatness (I think) - I know The Sopranos had some amazing dream sequences (the talking fish for one), but really, those were more grounded than Bran's dream sequence. Even when you read it, it reads like a bad acid trip. I can't imagine how a) to film it properly without a ton of CGI and b ) how to make it not come across as corny as hell. I'm a big fan of "Show, don't tell," but I'm glad they left it out, as I truly can't imagine in this instance conveying the dream visually will make it any easier to understand than having Bran explain it in some way or another in the future.
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 24 April 2011 - 10:35 PM.
988	the sword in the night	2011-04-24	Oh wait one complaint!! Where the hell was the three eyed crow dream?Fly!I can't fly!Then Die, Do you have any corn?Just so.
989	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	I didn't really care for the Cersei/Catelyn conversation.  I don't get how it would produce sympathy for Cersei- she was directly responsible for Bran. But she isn't. She freaks out -- rightfully so -- when Bran discovers her and Jaime. She repeats several times that he saw them. Jaime then pushes him out the window without suggestion. It always seemed to me like Cersei literally had no idea what they should do and was in sheer panic.(Although I am sure she would have come to the conclusion to kill him in a minute or two.)Regardless, right now the non-reader should hate Jaime much more than Cersei concerning the Bran incident, although tonight's episode should even it up because of Lady.
990	AutomatedTeller	2011-04-24	I loved this ep.  I liked the lack of nudity, too - I thought it was the right touch - actually, I didn't think it was all that gratuitous in the first ep -  I thought the first scene established Viserys creepiness extremely well, and I liked the contrast with Tyrion (though, I didn't know there were whorehouses in winterfell) and the scene at the end I thought was kind of important. 
Ned is quickly getting disillusioned with his king, though - 3 strikes, as it were (asking about Jon's mother, wanting to kill Danerys (i can't spell) and making him kill Lady)
It's hard to imagine any episode in this series ending on a high note, though.
991	awesome possum	2011-04-24	This is just absolutely amazing.  I have nitpicks, sure, but I don't really care about them because I'm watching an ASOIAF series on HBO!  It's been two episodes and I still find it hard to believe this is real!  And so absolutely amazing!
					
					
							Edited by awesome possum, 24 April 2011 - 10:37 PM.
992	TheBigTEA	2011-04-24	Tonights episode was great....awesome.
Two complaints, and they are very minor.
Ilyn Payne. He is supposed to look SCARY. I was laughing at this guy. When he and Sansa are staring at each other, the way his face was quivering was so hilarious. Like he was trying to make her laugh, not cry.
The whole show. lol. My fiancee told me she is not watching anymore because it is all so fucking depressing. You know what? I could not tell her it was going to get any better...it actually will get worse.
Shit.
Amazing. This is still so awesome to see on TV...so awesome. I had goose bumps and was all chocked up during Summer's save. It was perfect.
993	tybeechris	2011-04-24	Went by way too fast. Dany scenes seem a little Klingon-y to me, wish they were fleshing our her inner turmoil but it looks like that will come out next week when she cuts Viserys down a notch. 
Face it, we need 20 episodes a book. I loved Ned's reaction when Robert was asking about his "bastard" - his face was so expressive that you would have to know something big went on. Really made me care for all the Starks more (except for Sansa) so nice set up for future.
994	Kaitscralt	2011-04-24	(though, I didn't know there were whorehouses in Winterfell)It never says there aren't, though. As far as we know (in my memory serves me) only the territories of Stannis are completely free of brothels by law.
995	MattTaz	2011-04-24	Exactly. He was incredibly guarded; when you read this scene in the books, and imagine in your head Robert's reveling in his past dalliances, and then imagine Ned's prickly response, at first you chalk it up to the fact that Ned is just not the kind of guy to kiss and tell. But watching Bean act this scene, at least to me (and really, I may be seeing what I want to see here), it seemed like he was terse and short because he was hiding something. His body became rigid, and he eyes became cold. That is not something you would see in the books, because you can't watch Ned watch himself have a conversation, KWIM?I always took Ned's protectiveness of Daenarys with Robert's plan to kill her as a emotional response to the thought that Jon has Targ blood as well
996	GRoll	2011-04-24	Funny: Time Warner "INFO" for tonight's episode: "...Ned leaves Westeros with his daughters..."
997	Trebla	2011-04-24	I almost SQUEEED when the Dothrfaki handmainden's both said "It is known".  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
My dad almost yelled for joy when when Summer ripped the assassins throat out.
I REALLY liked how Dany always looks to the eggs for strength. Excellent foreshadowing.
998	Bronn Stone	2011-04-24	The more I watch this, the more I am convinced this will be AWESOME when viewed on DVD/BluRay.  No interruptions, ten straight hours of immersion.  This week-to-week thing is a killer.
999	the maid of woodlynne	2011-04-24	I would have liked to see Cat thank Summer for protecting Bran from the inept assassin. And "don't tell Sansa" would have been great. But all thing considered this wa a nearly flawless episode. 
Ok, Cersei's tale of woe was a bit ham-fisted, but that's only because we know the full story behind " the seed is strong" - it was economical storytelling and I can certainly live with that. 
Glad to see Dany taking the power back.
And poor, sweet Lady! I cried, and then hugged my dog.
1000	Shillen	2011-04-24	In the book Cersei says Robert got her with child only once and she had it aborted.  
Pretty sure the "It should have been you" line was removed because in the show Eddard is in the room at the time.  She wouldn't have said that with Ned there, or if she did Ned would have said something and not just ignored it.
1001	fotwennytime	2011-04-24	i dont remember which book it was in but i'm pretty sure that its been revealed that Ashara Dayne was Jon Snows mother. if i'm not mistaken wylla was his wet nurse.
as far as cat thanking summer goes, i thought the look on her face showed an immediate respect and affection without any words needing be spoken.
1002	Aoife	2011-04-24	BTW, I would have liked a little something on where/when Dany picked up that phrase in Dothraki. The way it's presented, I'm not sure whether she specifically asked for just this phrase, or she has started trying to learn Dothraki in acceptance of her new life, or.... (I think it's a combination of both, personally - that's a big jump in terms of grammar, even if she'd decided to pick up her new language as quickly as possible. However, does Doreah have that much Dothraki herself? Did Dany ask Jhiqui?)
1003	Ser Greguh	2011-04-24	Yeah, so the biggest nitpick I have is that Arya throws the rock at Nymeria right-handed.  The episode was that good.
1004	Tacye	2011-04-24	WIN: Cat's fight with the assassin, Dothraki handmaidens, Dany looking at the dragon eggs, Drogo's fine posterior, Summer protecting Bran, Robert and Ned talking, brief moment between Viserys and Jorah, basically every moment that Tyrion shows up.
LOSE: it felt like they were stuffing too much into an episode (were new people lost, I wonder?), lack of Ghost, scene between Jaime and Jon, Theon in general
Dinklage is amazing.  I don't even like Tyrion (in the books) and his performance is winning me over.  Also Addy as King Robert--I had my doubts, but he's pegged him.  Jury is out on the Hound--he doesn't seem as fierce or angry, but then again, he hasn't had that much screen time yet.
1005	Trebla	2011-04-24	As to the Jon/Jaime scene, I think it was meant to give the idea that the NW isn't quite what Jon thinks it is. Jaime is obviously mocking Jon and and it sets up the scene with Tyrion where we find out criminals go to the Wall. 
Also glad to see the mention of Valyrian steel. I was wondering whether the dagger would just be described as dragonbone.
1006	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-24	i dont remember which book it was in but i'm pretty sure that its been revealed that Ashara Dayne was Jon Snows mother. if i'm not mistaken wylla was his wet nurse.No, it has not been revealed yet, only that Willa nursed him (whether as a wet nurse or as his mother it is not clear).
1007	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	It amazes me that people who have read the books have any doubt about Cersei having killed this child.The only reason I have doubt is because of Cersei's line about being in such amazing grief that Robert tried to console her, or something like that.  Of course she could be making it up (and probably is) but it didn't feel that way.  I think the only way this will effectively work is Cersei later admits that the child didn't die of fever, but because she killed it. Another thing that struck me was after telling Jon that they will talk about his mother, Ned says "I promise."  I might be wrong but I think that's a nod to, "Promise me, Ned."  Since we don't get the inner thoughts and since that was such a big part of Ned's thoughts in the books, I thought it was cool (that is, if it is indeed a nod to the book line).  It's also a neat hint for R+L=J /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Nice catch.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> Part of me wonders if the toning down of Catelyn and Sansa is a reaction to these forums.  D&D certainly browsed our forum many times over the years.  I never felt that GRRM expected, intended or understood the Sansa and Catelyn loathing.  So they are making changes to bring the characters in line with GRRM's intent.I agree with you about the Catelyn hate, but I think GRRM set Sansa up from the beginning to be hated.  We certainly see that in the series so far.  I hate Sansa (and Joffrey and Cersei) more now than I did when I read the books.  Revisiting their old scenes brings back all that initial emotion.  Actually that happened for me a lot in this episode.  With Catelyn's response to Jon. With the assassin and Summer's save. With Nymeria being chased off.  Arya kicking Joffrey's ass and the entire 'trial' scene (particularly this part with Joff, Cersei and Sansa)  And especially Lady's execution. I always took Ned's protectiveness of Daenarys with Robert's plan to kill her as a emotional response to the thought that Jon has Targ blood as wellI agree. The juxtaposition would certainly suggest so.
1008	HokieStone	2011-04-24	i dont remember which book it was in but i'm pretty sure that its been revealed that Ashara Dayne was Jon Snows mother. if i'm not mistaken wylla was his wet nurse.That possibility is thrown out there as a teaser, but in fact Jon's parentage has never been absolutely revealed.  There's a prominent theory that you can easily find by searching these message boards - and it's referred to in this very thread.
1009	alguien	2011-04-24	I fucking loved that episode.  Awesome stuff.  
Peter Dinklage rocked.  Props to Michelle Fairly and Lena Heady.  Hell, I think all the actors were fantastic. 
I'm pretty sure the reason we didn't get the "It should have been you" was that Ned came in the room, which was a change from the books. Catelyn wouldn't say that in front of him--we know how protective Ned is of Jon. Had it just been the two of them, I'm sure she would have let him have it.  It was a good segway to Ned and Cat's convo, which is why they did it, but it was sad to see the line go. Still an amazing scene.  I did think Jon and Robb's convo was great afterward too. 
Overall though, I'm goddam amazed at how much of the dialog stayed in the shows. 
It seems as if they're making Cersei a bit more sympathetic.  And making Eddard a bit more funny--or at least showing us that side of him. 
I honestly have no complaints.  It was great. So sad about Lady.  My non-reader friends were furious.  Love that it's pulling them in.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1010	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	Yeah, so the biggest nitpick I have is that Arya throws the rock at Nymeria right-handed.  The episode was that good.I can't tell if you're joking but, Maisie knows perfectly well that Arya is left-handed.  But was told that certain things (especially fighting scenes) would have to use her right hand for better shots and camera angles.
1011	Ser Greguh	2011-04-24	No, it has not been revealed yet, only that Willa nursed him (whether as a wet nurse or as his mother it is not clear).Even that hasn't been revealed reliably.  Edric Dayne says that he and Jon are milk brothers because Wylla nursed Edric as an infant, and because he believes Wylla is Jon's mother.This hereby ends my contribution to the R+L=J tangent.
1012	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-24	@ the lack of Bran's dreamI'm probably going to be shot for saying this BUT - I'm glad there was no dream sequence. I loathe "dreams" in books and this one, I feel, is one of the weakest chapters in the book.  I get it. I get its importance. I just didn't like it in the books and I can't imagine even trying to translate it to the screen. ; Assuming we even have to deal with the 3 eyed crow in ASoS, I'm sure D&D will drop hints as needed in order to properly lead up to that part of the story.   Otherwise, it's a very slight glimpse at a beginning plot line so far down the road for the series it would seem out of place on screen at this time, IMO.In a "what are you dreading" post a while back, the dream sequence was what I mentioned as something I was not looking forward to how it would look on screen. I loved it in the book, but I didnt see how it would work on TV. I am glad they cut it, especially after the obvious green screen in some of Bran's climbing in episode 101. I would rather the scene be cut than bad.This episode fucking rocked, btw.
1013	johnnysd	2011-04-24	Anyone notice that the opening credits were slightly different, showing VAes Dothrak and not Pentos this episode?
I loved that they put "it is known" in, it is one of the little touches that make the books so great.
1014	KyleLitke	2011-04-24	Loved it.
While watching I was disappointed that Catelyn didn't try to kick Jon out immediately like she did in the books, but kicking him out after worked fine. Sure, would have liked to have the "It should have been you" line in there, but I thought they got it across well enough.
I'll withhold judgement on the stuff with the 3 eyed crow. For all we know the next episode will start with the dream and then go back to Bran waking up. If you're going to end the episode with Lady and Bran juxtaposed like that, I'm not sure how you can show the dream and have it work, especially since at this point viewers are still supposed to think Bran could be comatose for a very long time. If they skip it completely it might be annoying to try to work it in later (the wolf dreams are integral to his entire storyline so they can't really cut that whole aspect without changing his character and story quite a bit), but for now I'm fine with it, pending how they handle it in the future, I don't think it would have worked with the way they did the episode. 
I totally understand why they did it the way they did, and I think for the screen it probably worked better. But I do kind of wish we had seen Jory helping Arya chase Nymeria away, solely because I think it's one of the scenes that made me like Jory (helping Arya like that) and making him more likeable now makes his death mean more. But I don't have a problem with the way they did it, just pointing that out. Jory finding her first makes the scene a little weird the way they filmed it. 
Some stuff was a little different than I expected but I thought the stuff with Joffrey was SPOT ON. I absolutely 100% buy Jack Gleeson as Joffrey, I wasn't 100% sure in episode 1 but I totally retract any questions there. Exactly as I pictured him in the books. 
All in all no real complaints. A lack of Ghost was a bit annoying but not a big deal, he'll be there when he needs to be and he tends to run off an awful lot to hunt anyway. Seriously, I've just been reading Jon's chapters from Clash and Storm and Ghost pretty much runs off to hunt once a chapter, and Jon has to find him. 
I thought they handled Lady's death very well. I was actually dreading that moment more than probably any other in the series, because I love animals and poor Lady really was innocent. 
As far as Cersei's child, I'm fine with it. I don't care that it changes the prophecy (they can change the wording if they eventually get to Feast, not a huge deal), and I like that it establishes that as much of a scheming bitch as Cersei is, she does love her children. The only thing about it I'm not sure I like is that you lose the whole thing about how Cersei should have had one child by Robert and nobody would have been suspicious (isn't there even a line from someone that comments that she should have done that, but then "she wouldn't be Cersei"? Tyrion, probably...I haven't done a full reread in awhile). But it's not a huge deal. The changes are relatively minor.
By the way, someone mentioned Arya's name being pronounced wrong...I can only speak for myself, but even when I say "Are Yuh", it sounds like there's an e in there. I dunno, I don't have a problem with that at all.
					
					
							Edited by KyleLitke, 24 April 2011 - 11:05 PM.
1015	Ser Greguh	2011-04-24	I can't tell if you're joking but, Maisie knows perfectly well that Arya is left-handed.  But was told that certain things (especially fighting scenes) would have to use her right hand for better shots and camera angles.Maisie did her fighting left-handed, actually (see the sparring with Mycah), without letting the producers know she was actually right-handed until much of it had already been filmed (they thought they had lucked into a left-handed actress until she told them).  It's totally understandable that she would throw the rock right-handed, but it is something I noticed.That it's such a minor quibble was kind of the point.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 24 April 2011 - 11:06 PM.
1016	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-24	tonights episode was awesome.
1017	Mack Kilimaro	2011-04-24	I can't tell if you're joking but, Maisie knows perfectly well that Arya is left-handed.  But was told that certain things (especially fighting scenes) would have to use her right hand for better shots and camera angles.One more way that the world is biased against lefties. Our big chance to see one of our own on the screen, and the righty takes it away from us. Damn shame.I'm really curious how the wolf connection is going to play to non-readers of the books. Have they shown enough of them that Lady's death and Nymeria being chased off have any emotional weight? Hopefully so, because I think that's interesting and should keep people hooked. I did really like Summer coming to Bran and Catelyn's defense.
1018	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-24	I'm glad there was no dream sequence. It would have been cheesy. Bran can easily tell us about the dream later, by asking Luwin about the three-eyed crow or something. I think including the dream sequence would have messed up the drama. We can't see into Bran's dream because then we'd know that he's in there, and that he's going to live. Having Bran suddenly open his eyes when Lady died was just too perfect, and the dream would have totally messed that magical moment up.
I too have to give more props to Sean Bean. I'm really liking his protrayal way more than I thought I would, and he was great at every mention of Jon's mother. Kit Harrington is doing a wonderful job as Jon Snow, he's very subtle and I appreciate that. All his goodbye scenes were so depressing, even that awesome understated farewell between him and Robb. Nice.
1019	alguien	2011-04-24	Is Arya a lefty?  I thought she just randomly picked up the sword with her left hand and Syrio decided to train her that way.
ETA: yeah, I'm right. She holds it with two hands and uses her right to wipe her forehead which Syrio takes to mean she will hold the sword left-handed.
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 24 April 2011 - 11:16 PM.
1020	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-04-24	Oh, absolutely, and Bean played with a distinct nuance; a hint of a sad smile on his lips, and his eyes were vaguely distant.It makes me wonder what he knows (as an actor), or if he's making these nuanced, layered choices on instinct alone.I thought this exact thing, both during the scene you mention (Jon/Ned farewell) and during the Robert/Ned lunch ("kill all the Targaryens") (paraphrase).  Sean Bean is amazing in his scenes.  "Nuanced, layered choices" indeed.Surely GRRM has shared some of the future books if not in plot then in possibilities, with the producers at least.
1021	KyleLitke	2011-04-24	Part of me wonders if the toning down of Catelyn and Sansa is a reaction to these forums.  D&D certainly browsed our forum many times over the years.  I never felt that GRRM expected, intended or understood the Sansa and Catelyn loathing.  So they are making changes to bring the characters in line with GRRM's intent.Could be, although was Sansa really toned down? I didn't get that. I think part of it is, even understanding the ages of the characters, it's simply not the same reading them on a page as it is seeing them on the screen. Joffrey is a spoiled brat (played perfectly), but it's hard to REALLY get across in the book (simply because of limitations in the genre, not GRRM) that hey, these are essentially kids here.
1022	Ser Greguh	2011-04-24	Is Arya a lefty?  I thought she just randomly picked up the sword with her left hand and Syrio decided to train her that way.As a general rule, people probably wouldn't pick up and get ready to wield a sword with their off-hand, I think.  Plus Arya being left-handed provides a good reason why her stitches would be so poor and crooked (when she's clearly quite dexterous in general).  Septa Mordane would have of course instructed her to stitch with her right hand.
1023	Starkravenmad	2011-04-24	I thought the second half of the episode was much better then the first.
Brans dreams are important and I have faith that Hbo would of be able to handle it had they chosen that route.
I know Neds death is such a huge part of the story but it crushed me in the book when he died, (along with so many others) I thought maybe he wasn't really dead. Lol
Cersei does not look sympathetic to me she really is a multi dimensional character like most of them.
I am impressed so far with how much they are sticking to the book, so I really can't complain it's awesome so far!
Oh and as far as casting goes, I approve /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Poor Lady /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1024	ZombieWife	2011-04-24	As much as I liked the first episode, this one was better.
It was so smooth. 
Loved how the map changed.  Nice touch!  I remember reading it would happen, but didn't realize it until they zoomed all the way to the dothraki plains there.
Jon was so convincing as someone who was hanging on (very tightly) to his belief, but also wavering at the same time.  Wonderful.  I wonder what scene Kit H. read for the casting session?  He and Tyrion were spot on.
Catelyn watching over Bran.  Well done.  
I didn't find Cersei so sympathetic.  I'm not sure where that is coming from.  I really loathed her in this episode.  
Robert turning and walking out (on Ned) during the Joffrey/Arya/Sansa judgment was just cold.  Oh so cold.  I feel for Ned having to be in that predicament, even more than I did in the books.
Sansa = great performance.
Arya = wonderful (as always).  
Glad they got in the name "Needle."  Sansa has her needles and I have mine.  Stick them with the pointy end, girl.
Dany + Drogo =  a bit rushed, imho.
1025	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-24	Surely GRRM has shared some of the future books if not in plot then in possibilities, with the producers at least.In an interview, D&D mentioned that they know how the series will end and have a plan on how to film the final episode. They have also read the first 600 pages of Dance.
1026	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	Maisie did her fighting left-handed, actually (see the sparring with Mycah), without letting the producers know she was actually right-handed until much of it had already been filmed (they thought they had lucked into a left-handed actress until she told them). Yeah, I know.  But I also remember either reading an interview or seeing one where Maisie said some of the fighting scenes were shot with her using her right hand because it made for better shots.In an interview, D&D mentioned that they know how the series will end and have a plan on how to film the final episode. They have also read the first 600 pages of Dance.Lucky bastards.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 24 April 2011 - 11:20 PM.
1027	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-24	I'm really curious how the wolf connection is going to play to non-readers of the books. Have they shown enough of them that Lady's death and Nymeria being chased off have any emotional weight? Hopefully so, because I think that's interesting and should keep people hooked. I did really like Summer coming to Bran and Catelyn's defense.I watched with my friend, who has never read the books, and Lady's death definitely made an impact on him.  Probably more than Bran's tumble.
1028	KyleLitke	2011-04-24	But she isn't. She freaks out -- rightfully so -- when Bran discovers her and Jaime. She repeats several times that he saw them. Jaime then pushes him out the window without suggestion. It always seemed to me like Cersei literally had no idea what they should do and was in sheer panic.(Although I am sure she would have come to the conclusion to kill him in a minute or two.)Regardless, right now the non-reader should hate Jaime much more than Cersei concerning the Bran incident, although tonight's episode should even it up because of Lady.Yup, and this is one part where it's not even different in the books. Cersei is pissed about it later and tells Jaime they could have just threatened him to keep him quiet or whatever. Now that may be for her own selfish ends as opposed to any real remourse, but even in the books Cersei didn't want Bran shoved out the window.
1029	NW Deserter	2011-04-24	Ok, now that I've calmed down a bit from my excitement at how AWESOME episode 2 was...My Favorites1. I was really worried about the two direwolf scenes (Summer protecting Bran and Nymeria attacking Joff), but they were surprisingly believable! I keep hearing how tough it is to train the breed of dog they're using, but so far it looks like they're doing great.2. Jon & Arya. One of my favorite scenes from book one, and they nailed it. And Nymeria was effing adorable in that scene.3. The whole scuffle at the river. All four kids did a fantastic job. 4. I wasn't all that into Sophie as Sansa in episode 1, but she made me a believer this weekend. Her delayed reaction at Lady's fate was exactly like it was in the books.5. Tyrion slapping Joffrey around. That was one thing I was sad that we would miss with no courtyard sparring scene in ep. 1, so glad they found time to put it in.6. The pacing seemed to hit right on the mark in this episode. I have a feeling that it'll get better and better as the season progresses.7. Valyrian Steel was finally mentioned!8. Want. More. Doreah.  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> 9. Kinda glad they didn't force Bran's dream into the episode, it would've come off as really cheesy and weird.Least Favorites1. The guy playing Theon is doing a fine job, but he still has no name in the show! I'm really worried that non-book viewers are disregarding him as a nameless man-at-arms at this point.2. CSI: Winterfell was a bit cheesy.3. I'm sorry, but Ilyn Payne was a massive failure. We all burst out laughing at his quivering face.4. Still getting used to the guy playing The Hound, although I am glad his lines from the book made it into the show. ("He ran. Not fast enough.")5. Would liked to have been introduced to Barristan and Renly, but I can understand why they left that part out.6. This is the biggest gripe of all...I HAVE TO WAIT ANOTHER WEEK FOR MORE!  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
1030	alguien	2011-04-24	As a general rule, people probably wouldn't pick up and get ready to wield a sword with their off-hand, I think.  Plus Arya being left-handed provides a good reason why her stitches would be so poor and crooked (when she's clearly quite dexterous in general).  Septa Mordane would have of course instructed her to stitch with her right hand.Actually, if you read what happens, the sword is heavy and she tries to hold it with both hands.  Syrio corrects her.  Her forehead is sweaty so she uses her right hand to wipe it. Syrio see's her do this and mistakenly believes that she is choosing to learn to fight left-handed.   The fact that she used her right to wipe her forehead indicates to me that she's right-handed. It wouldn't be that hard to learn a new skill with the other hand.  I'm right handed but have always played hockey left handed.
1031	Wellspring	2011-04-24	I thought this exact thing, both during the scene you mention (Jon/Ned farewell) and during the Robert/Ned lunch ("kill all the Targaryens") (paraphrase).  Sean Bean is amazing in his scenes.  "Nuanced, layered choices" indeed.Surely GRRM has shared some of the future books if not in plot then in possibilities, with the producers at least.In interviews GRRM has explicitly told D&D how the series will turn out (in very broad strokes). Partly this is in case something ever happens to GRRM, but mostly it's because there are things that have to be shown on screen (the scenes are you mention above are excellent examples) that require the producers to know where the series is heading.
1032	NW Deserter	2011-04-24	I'm really curious how the wolf connection is going to play to non-readers of the books. Have they shown enough of them that Lady's death and Nymeria being chased off have any emotional weight? Hopefully so, because I think that's interesting and should keep people hooked. I did really like Summer coming to Bran and Catelyn's defense.Well my non-book friend who has been watching with me said "Oh god, I can't watch this" as Ned approached Lady. Although he is a dog-person, so that might be part of it, but I think the connection is being well-established. Having Bran wake up right at that moment was a brilliant choice by D&D, I think it solidified the connection very well.
1033	Jaedyn Blackfyre	2011-04-24	I'll echo what a couple others said about the accents... I've had to rewind and play back a couple of sequences to catch the diaglogue.  Never thought of turning on the closed captioning, though. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Although to be fair, it's not just these actors - I've had problems before picking up what's being said with a British accent when the person is talking fast.  And a nitpicky thing about Richard Madden... I can get where they might introduce a different accent on someone who's from a different region, but his accent is coming through very clearly as Scottish to me as opposed to what I consider the somewhat more stereotypical British accent all the other Starks have.  That sounds a little 'off' to me.
I can't remember if this was dialogue from the book, but the Jaime/Tyrion scene where Jaime is talking about cripples is somewhat foreshadowing.
LOVED Maisie Williams.  Agree with everyone else that Sophie Turner and Jack Gleeson are doing a great job of making Sansa and Joffrey unlikeable.
Didn't think they're placing enough emphasis on the direwolf pup/Stark kid connections, but as noted, it could be they chose to downplay the direwolves altogether due to the difficult trainability issues.
And I'm loving the music for the opening and closing credits!  I had read that they would change the Openings from time to time and noticed already that this time it went over the Dothraki Sea instead of Pentos.  Very cool.
1034	Lord Godric	2011-04-24	I can't remember if this was dialogue from the book, but the Jaime/Tyrion scene where Jaime is talking about cripples is somewhat foreshadowing.It is dialogue from the book (pretty much exact) but excellent foreshadowing nonetheless.
1035	Aplomb	2011-04-24	Aw, they left out Arya saying "she didn't hurt you . . . much" before throwing the sword in the river, even though Joff set it up.  That's one of my favorite lines!
1036	Seerow	2011-04-24	So I haven't read the whole thread yet, so don't hate me if this has been covered, but did anyone else not like the way the last two scenes lined up, with Bran waking up just as Lady is killed?
I mean, it seems innocent enough for dramatic purposes right now, but consider this show from the perspective of a new viewer, who never read the books. Here we get a Dire Wolf whom has some connection to the Stark children dies, and just as this happens, one of the Stark children on the edge of death wakes up.
Now, fast-forward to the season finale, where a major theme is a life to pay for a life, and it's not too hard to imagine new viewers looking back on this and thinking that Lady dying is what brought Bran back, and possibly even extrapolating it to there being some sort of blood magic going on among the Starks/Wolves, while in the book this connection really doesn't exist.
That said, I did like the episode. I felt like it was a step up compared to the first episode overall.
1037	Lady Nerevar	2011-04-24	Anyone catch how Cersei described her dead baby as "a bird without feathers"? Probably not intended that way, but I thought it was a nice reference of sorts to the 3 eyed crow and Bran not being able to fly (not having feathers).
1038	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-24	I can't remember if this was dialogue from the book, but the Jaime/Tyrion scene where Jaime is talking about cripples is somewhat foreshadowing.Yeah, I snickered when he said that.  My friend gave me a funny look, but I wasn't about to explain it to him.
1039	ingsve	2011-04-24	I know that is how the actors were saying it but I thought it was going to be dubbed over, it certainly was when Robert asked Arya's name in the first episode.  And the second problem was the Catelyn/Cersei scene.  Not because they are setting Cersei up to be sympathetic, because I think they definitely made her unlikeable when she insisted on Lady's execution, but because of the whole "fever took my first son" thing.  Unless Cersei was lying to Catelyn, but she didn't seem like it. We all know *checks to see that this is the book spoiler thread* that Cersei was supposed to kill the actual children of Robert's.  So I'm not sure how this fits in. I think the main reason for that scene is to mention that the kid that died looked just like Robert to set up for the future that Joff and the other kids don't look like Robert at all.
1040	DragonAge93	2011-04-24	Wow. So much emotion in this week's episode. I, literally, was almost crying at the Ned/Jon farewell. Sean Bean is such an amazing actor, and I'll piss on the Emmys if he doesn't get nominated and win Best Actor in a Drama show. The saddest part was how he said "when we see each other again", which, as all us book-readers know, will never happen. I wanted to cry because I hate Ned dying, he's my favorite in the whole series, and knowing that he won't be able to tell Jon about his mother is just too sad. 
And Summer attacking the assassin scene was pure epic. How Summer ripped his throat out, just how I imagined it when I read the book. Kinda gruesome, but makes the show all the more realistic. And the ending.... Now, I may be a guy, but I DID cry. Just how painful it looked for Ned to do it.... And the yelp....
Next week can't come quicker. Although I do hate how it's on Sundays, because Sundays are the days I usually dread, due to that "tomorrow's Monday" feeling. But now they are the days I look forward to the most. I guess ASoIaF has the power to cure sad Sunday feelings.
1041	Bronn Stone	2011-04-24	Some stuff was a little different than I expected but I thought the stuff with Joffrey was SPOT ON. I absolutely 100% buy Jack Gleeson as Joffrey, I wasn't 100% sure in episode 1 but I totally retract any questions there. Exactly as I pictured him in the books. Jack is too short.  But that is a quibble of the least sort and he is otherwise spot on.  It does seem weird to me that Joffrey is shorter than Sansa.  Especially since his being taller than Robb was a sticking point for Robb in AGOT.I don't agree that GRRM set Sansa up to be hated.  He set her up to be a 'typical' teen-aged girl.  The kind that would like Britney or Miley or Bieber or somesuch if she were alive today.  But she also has her virtues - her social graces, her Ran-esque knowledge of Westerosi Heraldry.I mean, it seems innocent enough for dramatic purposes right now, but consider this show from the perspective of a new viewer, who never read the books. Here we get a Dire Wolf whom has some connection to the Stark children dies, and just as this happens, one of the Stark children on the edge of death wakes up.Now, fast-forward to the season finale, where a major theme is a life to pay for a life, and it's not too hard to imagine new viewers looking back on this and thinking that Lady dying is what brought Bran back, and possibly even extrapolating it to there being some sort of blood magic going on among the Starks/Wolves, while in the book this connection really doesn't exist.Bran DID become sensitive to the other wolves in the books.  At one point he finds Ghost and sees through his eyes.  He and Rickon know Ned is dead, mostly because Nymeria knows through Arya.I didn't make the 'life for a life' connection.  It is a nice catch (though unintended by the Producers), but I'd be surprised if even 100 fans who don't read this will do so as well.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 24 April 2011 - 11:48 PM.
1042	KyleLitke	2011-04-24	Jack is too short.  But that is a quibble of the least sort and he is otherwise spot on.  It does seem weird to me that Joffrey is shorter than Sansa.  Especially since his being taller than Robb was a sticking point for Robb in AGOT.I don't agree that GRRM set Sansa up to be hated.  He set her up to be a 'typical' teen-aged girl.  The kind that would like Britney or Miley or Bieber or somesuch if she were alive today.  But she also has her virtues - her social graces, her Ran-esque knowledge of Westerosi Heraldry.Yeah, I thought I was making that same point re: Sansa. My apologies if I didn't get it across well. And yes, he's short, but other than that I think he nailed Joffrey. So I'm fine with a height difference. It doesn't actually matter for anything anyway.
1043	FlipFantastic	2011-04-24	Yeah, I snickered when he said that.  My friend gave me a funny look, but I wasn't about to explain it to him.Yes!  I loved this little line, excellent foreshadowing.  I dug up my old password to log in and make this point, and am glad someone else noticed it.
1044	The Sand Snake	2011-04-24	I thought the show tonight was even better than last week.  It went so fast, but I still felt like they got most of the important stuff in there for people who havent read the books
What I liked
1. When Summer saved bran. That scene was the most epic scene of the two shows so far. It was awesome.  
2. How the wall looked from the south
3. The fight with the kids.  Theyve all been really good so far
4. The hounds line. "He ran.  Not fast enough." It was perfect
What I didnt like
1. CSI winterfell was lame.. the hair was blonde so it had to be the Lannisters?
2. Cersei making up her kid. Never happened in the books. Nothing even close happened. I think it will confuse people in the future. That was the only thing that resally annoyed me.
Other than that, cant wait for next sunday
1045	Seerow	2011-04-24	Bran DID become sensitive to the other wolves in the books.  At one point he finds Ghost and sees through his eyes.  He and Rickon know Ned is dead, mostly because Nymeria knows through Arya.I didn't make the 'life for a life' connection.  It is a nice catch (though unintended by the Producers), but I'd be surprised if even 100 fans who don't read this will do so as well.I know Bran became sensitive to the other wolves, that's the whole warging thing, I was more referring to the blood magic aspect of it.Maybe you're right and most people won't make that connection. But I'm trying to think from the perspective of someone who has never read the books, and from that perspective we see: A wolf dies, a boy wakes up. Later on we see a witch, a mindless guy, and a baby die, and 3 dragons wake up. It's a pretty big parallel, and while it's unintended, I don't think it's a stretch to say someone just watching the show wouldn't draw it. On the other hand, the real question is how many people watching the show have the obsessive type of personality that leads them to analyze things like that, and either haven't read the books before, or are restraining themselves from reading the books for spoilers? I doubt there's many, but they may exist.
1046	BLU-RAY	2011-04-25	I don't know if I can watch this series, though. it is PAINFUL seeing these people and knowing what is in store for their characters. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Exactly this, again.  Last 10 minutes were brutal.
1047	Lord Godric	2011-04-25	What I didnt like1. CSI winterfell was lame.. the hair was blonde so it had to be the Lannisters?Well the tower was supposed to be deserted, so finding any hair along with the clearing the dirt was suspicious.  And as Catelyn said they already had means to question the Lannister's loyalty to Robert.  Along with the fact that it was no accident an assassin was sent to Bran's room with a Valyrian steel dagger.  I think just putting 2+2+2 together clicked for her.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 25 April 2011 - 12:03 AM.
1048	Dragonfish	2011-04-25	I really enjoyed this episode. Felt much less packed to the brim than the first one, and like others said it was so nice to hear so many lines of dialogue taken directly from the book.
One thing I didn't really like, though, was Cersei's scene with Catelyn. I get why they included it. It establishes the Robert/black hair connection, among other reasons. But what I don't like is that it doesn't make any sense at all that Cersei would make a point of mentioning how black the child's hair was and how much he looked like Robert. I mean, why would she risk drawing attention to the fact that her current children don't look a thing like Robert?
1049	The Sand Snake	2011-04-25	Well the tower was supposed to be deserted, so finding any hair along with the clearing the dirt was suspicious.  And as Catelyn said they already had means to question the Lannister's loyalty to Robert.  Along with the fact that it was no accident an assassin was sent to Bran's room with a Valyrian steel dagger.  I think just putting 2+2+2 together clicked for her.Ehh I guess. I still don't see it. I didn't like the fact that they had her find a blonde hair. Wasn't really needed, espeically since it was Cerseis hair.  I doubt she'd think Cersei threw him from a window
1050	Wolfheart	2011-04-25	the Baratheon banners are on better display in this episode.Yeah you would have thought that the Baratheon banners would have been predominant in the Arrival scene. We see FAR more Lannister and Stark. I didnt see any Baratheon banners as the king entered Winterfell.
1051	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-04-25	In interviews GRRM has explicitly told D&D how the series will turn out (in very broad strokes). Partly this is in case something ever happens to GRRM, but mostly it's because there are things that have to be shown on screen (the scenes are you mention above are excellent examples) that require the producers to know where the series is heading.I didn't know that, and am greatly relieved to learn it.  I seem to remember GRRM stating some time ago, that should he die before ASoIaF ends (God forbid), all his notes and unfinished work would be destroyed, and frankly, I lay in bed at night worrying I'll never know if my guesses were correct, my hopes fulfilled, my patience rewarded.     /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' /> Sometimes I feel like little Fred Savage:Kid:  Grandpa! Grandpa! Wait, wait. What did Fezzik mean, 'He's dead.' I mean, he didn't mean 'dead'? Westley is only faking, right? Grandfather: Do you want me to read this or not? Kid: Who gets Humperdinck! Grandfather: I don't understand? Kid: [annoyed] Who kills Prince Humperdinck? At the end, someone's got to do it! Is it Inigo? Who?! Grandfather: Nobody. Nobody kills him. He lives. Kid: You mean he wins? Jesus, Grandpa! What did you read me this thing for? Only insert any bearer of bad newsfor "Fezzik", "Ned/Robb/Grey Wind/Catelyn/Sandor/Brienne/Davos/etc" for "Westley", , "Cersei/Bolton/Gregor/House Greyjoy/House Frey/Littlefinger" for "Prince Humperdinck" and "Arya/Jon/Jaime/Tyrion/Nymeria etc" for "Inigo".  Obviously, "Grandpa" is GRRM.     /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by A Song of Hound and Wolves, 25 April 2011 - 12:45 AM.
1052	Jaimelan	2011-04-25	Hell yeah.  They certainly are horrible creatures.  I am glad that is coming across very very clear.I totally agree, Sansa sealed her fate right then and  there, but there is some excuse for Sansa, regardless of what the TV show says, she is 11 and badly taught by Starksbane, they both believe in knights and songs and all that.. There is no excuse for Starksbane.I hated the fact that they took "it should have been you" out.
1053	ingsve	2011-04-25	For those that know their 90s wrestling. Joffrey really reminds me of Lord Steven Regal from WCW in 1993-94.
1054	Faint	2011-04-25	I'm really happy Lena Headey has gone for understated deviousness and hasn't slipped into shrieking queen mode.  Maybe Cersei gets there eventually but certainly not before Jaime is captured.
1055	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	I watched with my friend, who has never read the books, and Lady's death definitely made an impact on him.  Probably more than Bran's tumble.My husband hasn't read the books and he was really mad at what happened to Lady.  He said, "the queen was evil, the king was stupid and that girl (Sansa) made her own bed.  It sucks the wolf had to die!"  He is glad Nymeria got away, though, and he was able to differentiate through dialogue and such the two.So far, his favorite characters are Bran and Ned and Jon Snow.
1056	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	Anyone catch how Cersei described her dead baby as "a bird without feathers"? Probably not intended that way, but I thought it was a nice reference of sorts to the 3 eyed crow and Bran not being able to fly (not having feathers).I was so creeped out by that scene.  I kept thinking, "She killed her own baby!"  I had no sympathy for her at all.  She was so cold and unfeeling, imho (and well-acted).
1057	Jaimelan	2011-04-25	What's the big deal about "it should have been you"?  Given the divergence of Cat & Jon, there is no point wasting screen time on any conflict between them other than establishing that he is a bastard and that she is not too thrilled with the fact.  In the books, the importance of "it should have been you" can be made with the internal monologues.  But in a TV show, such a dramatically spiteful line would rightly be seen as a setup for an important conflict down the line -- a conflict that will never materialize.  The line itself would only take a few seconds, but would confuse  non-readers unless considerable additional dialogue/scenes were provided  to frame it in the proper perspective.  And to what end?  Fill in a little extra back story and character development that have no relevance on anything that follows?Even in the books a case can be made that the line makes little sense.  Sure, Cat hates Jon the Bastard, but what line of reasoning would lead to the conclusion that it "should" have been him?  I'm not saying it is impossible for a grief stricken mother to lash out in anger at the hated bastard, but it is a pretty extreme expression of hate, not to mention twisted justice, for a character who generally seems pretty sensible and fair-minded (for example: despite her belief in Tyrion's guilt, she treats him rather fairly).Leaving out the line was the right decision for the show.How do you know that the conflict will never materialize? Given Starksbane's attitude towards and her idiot uncle's and they are both loose ? I'll bet anything you want a confrontation is coming
1058	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-25	For those that know their 90s wrestling. Joffrey really reminds me of Lord Steven Regal from WCW in 1993-94.I was NOT expecting a Lord Steven Regal reference in this thread.  Interesting comparison, though I actually like Regal.   /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1059	Greyhound147	2011-04-25	I was so creeped out by that scene.  I kept thinking, "She killed her own baby!"  I had no sympathy for her at all.  She was so cold and unfeeling, imho (and well-acted).Yes I agree, and I think she'll do wonderfully as the ruthless Queen.  After the first episode I asked my friend "wait, they're still going to portray her as an evil bitch, right?" This episode answered that with a resounding yes.  I only hope that new viewers will love to hate her as much as I have.
1060	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-04-25	My husband hasn't read the books and he was really mad at what happened to Lady.  He said, "the queen was evil, the king was stupid and that girl (Sansa) made her own bed.  It sucks the wolf had to die!"  Your husband summed up the entire first book quite well.
					
					
							Edited by A Song of Hound and Wolves, 25 April 2011 - 12:48 AM.
1061	Monday	2011-04-25	Something about the Cersei/Cat scene struck me as odd. Ok, correct me if I'm wrong, but did Cersei say her & Roberts first child died of fever? Then did Cat seem surprised by this, like it was new information? The heir to the freaking Iron Throne (the  first child of her husband's BFF too) dies and Cat had no idea he existed let alone died?! I'll have to watch again, maybe I missed something.Like the change to Cat's big line. I've long been of the (rather vocal) opinion that 'It should have been you' would a bit much when said out loud and the right facial expression would do. I love how they handled it.
1062	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-25	I thought that episode was great, with terrific pacing and powerful (yet subtle) performances from the leads.  Though like everybody else I was surprised by Cersei's conversation with Catelyn, I think it worked, and will work with the narrative points to come.  My only "adaptation" quibble was that Joffrey wasn't present for the conversation in which it's suggested that a swift death for Bran might be considered a mercy. Surely 
	Spoiler that makes it more difficult to conclude, as is suggested in the books, that the somewhat ham-fisted assassination attempt on Bran was his idea.
I didn't make the 'life for a life' connection.  It is a nice catch (though unintended by the Producers), but I'd be surprised if even 100 fans who don't read this will do so as well.For what (little) it's worth, I thought of it right away (before reading this thread).  So, you just need to find 98 more...
1063	jack-be-lucky	2011-04-25	MY favorite scene was Ned's walk through the crowd at Arya's trial.  He bangs everybody in his way and there's not an "excuse me" to be heard.  That really pressed home my own impression in the book that Ned is indeed a bad-ass, but not a cocky, shoot his mouth off sort of bad-ass.  Ned only lets that side of his personality reveal itself when he absolutely must, and at that moment he does indeed show that he is a very dangerous man. It may have saved his daughters life, because Robert knows all about that Ned. 
  And the same scene is perfect in expressing the pressure that Sansa is under when called to testify.  Sure , when I first read that scene I was pissed that she doesn't back up Arya's story, but on reflection, she basically does the only thing she could do in those circumstances which is abstaining from taking a side.  She just has too much too lose any other way. Its a horrible place to be, and she ends up losing in the end.  You just have to feel some sympathy for her at that point.
1064	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-25	I did also, so that's 97.
1065	ingsve	2011-04-25	I didn't make the 'life for a life' connection.  It is a nice catch (though unintended by the Producers), but I'd be surprised if even 100 fans who don't read this will do so as well.Ya, I didn't see it as "only death can pay for life" either. I saw it more as a nod to Bran having a greensight connection with the direwolves and that Lady dying made him wake up almost like he had "heard" her dying.
1066	Phantomwriter05	2011-04-25	I liked the Episode ... 
But I have a theory about the Cersei story. 
On one hand it's most likely that she did have one of Robert's babies judging from where Lena is coming from with the character. 
But I also have a feeling that Cersei pulled a Medea from Jason and the Golden Fleece Myth.
She was pregnant and she saw that Robert was screwing around, so in her hatred and anger she other had the child killed and or killed it herself. 
So those tears could be guilt for murdering her own child and than she feels possibly more guilt for taking part in another killing of a child.
1067	Lyri	2011-04-25	Like the change to Cat's big line. I've long been of the (rather vocal) opinion that 'It should have been you' would a bit much when said out loud and the right facial expression would do. I love how they handled it.Agreed. In the books, Cat makes it clear that she could forgive Ned the infidelity if Jon was kept out of sight, out of mind, out of Wintefell. Jon's constant presence all these years is what prevented that emotional wound from ever really healing. Cat telling him that she wants him to leave came across as 16 years worth of resentment. She didn't just want him to leave the room, but the castle...the region...her family's life. She's always wanted him to leave. Well done.
1068	Rand	2011-04-25	Personally I don't really think the dream sequence was necessary, it's easy to cut and they can establish the mysticism part well enough when the Reed siblings show up and befriend Bran.
I also wanted to add to the discussion about Ned's honour/reasoning about continuing to keep Jon's 'theoretical' heritage a secret, look closer at the part where they're parting when he tells Jon 'next time we meet I'll tell you about your mother'.  Why the change of heart?  The way I've always looked at it is that to Ned once Jon takes the black he's a man of the Nights Watch for life, removed from the political affairs of Westeros, so then and only then will it be safe to reveal the truth.  The books never touch on it, but it wouldn't be a surprise if Ned knows who Maester Aemon really is.
1069	Carldog	2011-04-25	A good episode, one that I think will be about parr for season one.  Two questions however: 
Why did Tyrion wakeup in a dog pen?
Where the hell is Ghost?
1070	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-25	Why did Tyrion wakeup in a dog pen?Sleeping off a night of drunken debauchery?
1071	Tb0ne	2011-04-25	Dinklage is making the perfect Tyrion so far, very impressive.A good episode, one that I think will be about parr for season one.  Two questions however: Why did Tyrion wakeup in a dog pen?Where the hell is Ghost?That's pretty much my only complaint for that episode, I don't see how they couldn't have had ghost at the fireside or following Jon as he rides. Strange omission.
					
					
							Edited by Tb0ne, 25 April 2011 - 01:43 AM.
1072	kn32	2011-04-25	The second episode left me underwhelmed. I am more towards the opinion that this is a story that can't be told well on screen after tonight's viewing.Honestly, Arya scenes were just about the only parts that pulled me in. The two wolf attacks were great as well.A lot of the episode just felt awkward and wrong to me. Some scenes were ruined by performances that felt out of place. Jaime talking to Jon. I love Jaime in this show, but he didn't have much luck with his scene partners this time around. Jon looked like a slack-limbed dimwit while speaking with Jaime. Mouth agape, eyes vacant; I could just imagine him absentmindedly admiring the buttons on Jaime's coat while he waited for his turn to talk. I don't know if they wanted him to convey intimidation, defiance, or cowering, but he ended up just looking like a scruffy pink emotionless cow to me.Another scene with entertaining Jaime & another disappointment: Breakfast with Tyrion.I don't know what they've done with Tyrion, but this man that speaks like a horrible car salesman out of shakespearean novel IS NOT HIM! Every line he delivers feels rushed and the accent is so far over the top that it makes me cringe. It's a real blow to now believe that I won't be able to enjoy my favorite character from the books in this show at all. At least there's still adorable Arya. Ned and King Robert are also done well, as is Robb (he looks to be like he'll be very entertaining to watch once it comes time for him to shine for a while.)
1073	Cable	2011-04-25	I really liked the episode... the casting really is top-notch and the acting's been terrific IMO.
I don't know what the general consensus is around here and with big fans of the books, but I for one love the series so far and can't wait for more. That scene at the end where the king and everyone tries to find out what happened and what to do etc. was pretty emotional and nearly had me in tears; I didn't even think it was all that emotional when I read it (and books have me tearing up more than anything else I think) but I was struggling them back. I am a softy however. Can't wait to see more of the Hound!
Edit: Agree with Tb0ne and Carldog above actually... I'd have liked at least a passing mention / shot of Ghost.
					
					
							Edited by Cable, 25 April 2011 - 01:52 AM.
1074	Monday	2011-04-25	Jaime talking to Jon. I love Jaime in this show, but he didn't have much luck with his scene partners this time around. Jon looked like a slack-limbed dimwit while speaking with Jaime. Mouth agape, eyes vacant; I could just imagine him absentmindedly admiring the buttons on Jaime's coat while he waited for his turn to talk. I don't know if they wanted him to convey intimidation, defiance, or cowering, but he ended up just looking like a scruffy pink emotionless cow to me.Ouch. I'm giggling about the buttons, but yeah, awkward scene. Still like Kit as Jon and love NCW as Jaime.
1075	johnny	2011-04-25	The second episode left me underwhelmed. I am more towards the opinion that this is a story that can't be told well on screen after tonight's viewing.Honestly, Arya scenes were just about the only parts that pulled me in. The two wolf attacks were great as well.A lot of the episode just felt awkward and wrong to me. Some scenes were ruined by performances that felt out of place. Jaime talking to Jon. I love Jaime in this show, but he didn't have much luck with his scene partners this time around. Jon looked like a slack-limbed dimwit while speaking with Jaime. Mouth agape, eyes vacant; I could just imagine him absentmindedly admiring the buttons on Jaime's coat while he waited for his turn to talk. I don't know if they wanted him to convey intimidation, defiance, or cowering, but he ended up just looking like a scruffy pink emotionless cow to me.Another scene with entertaining Jaime & another disappointment: Breakfast with Tyrion.I don't know what they've done with Tyrion, but this man that speaks like a horrible car salesman out of shakespearean novel IS NOT HIM! Every line he delivers feels rushed and the accent is so far over the top that it makes me cringe. It's a real blow to now believe that I won't be able to enjoy my favorite character from the books in this show at all. At least there's still adorable Arya. Ned and King Robert are also done well, as is Robb (he looks to be like he'll be very entertaining to watch once it comes time for him to shine for a while.)I hate to say it, but I agree. This episode felt so awkward, and forced.  I had the same overall impression as you which was that the story is not at all suited for TV.   The performances and overall dialogue here felt lackluster compared to the first episode.  The sex scenes made me cringe. It almost felt comical to be honest. I think it has more to do with the performances and the "Made-for-TV" look. Which brings me to my next point. This episode REALLY felt made-for-tv,  whereas the first one had the look of movie.   I dunno I'm just kinda baffled here.   I absolutely loved almost everything about the first episode.  The performances, the dialogue, everything was just about pitch perfect.  I got the complete opposite impression here. Maybe the story just comes off better in the book.  It all seems rather silly on screen.
					
					
							Edited by johnny, 25 April 2011 - 02:05 AM.
1076	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-25	I don't see how they couldn't have had ghost at the fireside or following Jon as he rides. Strange omission.I get the impression from the interviews with Kit Harington that the dogs they used for the wolves were in general very difficult to train, so they cut back their scenes dramatically (basically, having them present only when they needed to be for the plot).  Reading between the lines, I'm wondering whether the dog they used for Ghost was particularly ill-behaved and/or untrainable, or if it just seems that way because we saw so much of the other wolves in this episode.Edit: Agree with Tb0ne and Carldog above actually... I'd have liked at least a passing mention / shot of Ghost.Apparently there was a passing shot at one point <U+0097> it was just so passing and quick that most of us (myself included) missed it.  (I'll look for it when I re-watch the episode.)
1077	smegma	2011-04-25	Loved the episode, again!
By the way, for those that aren't aware - Sophie Turner's (Sansa) family adopted the dog who played Lady. So she has Lady, forever. So cool.
Anyway, loved the acting - Sean Bean's face when talking with Jon, and Robert, and the trial scene - jeez can that man EMOTE. Arya was awesome and so was Sansa - think she's taken some flack, but I thought Sophie Turner did a great job. 
Doreah is so hot. Good casting. 
Watched the episode with my daughter and she understands pretty much everything going on, and she's only read the prologue thus far (she started today after watching the first episode last week).
Good lord Jack Gleeson sure has "jerk-face" perfected. He is great at sniveling too. 
Peter Dinklage was awesome too - I like the accent. No, it's not a natural English accent, but rather an over the top theatrical one - think it is quite suitable. 
Also, I'm so glad that Mo Ryan was sooo wrong about this episode. She set my expectations so low, but I was more than thoroughly pleased.
1078	Civfan	2011-04-25	The woman playing Cersei is amazing... when she started telling her story about the baby the first thing I thought was that it was a way to throw in the 'Robert's kids have dark hair' thing.  Then I remembered her aborting the baby they made once.  I immediately thought, this baby was killed by Cersei and/or Jaime.  
Despite being sure she was lying and had actually murdered the child, and that she of course wanted Bran to die, I was actually sad for her.  Like, a little misty-eyed.  All I could think was "you *sob* bitch!"
1079	smegma	2011-04-25	Oh and Jon Favreau (actor/writer/director) tweeted that the Game of Thrones intro is more interesting than most tv shows lol
1080	Gertrude	2011-04-25	I love that we get to see this play out before our eyes. Seeing these scenes while having a deeper understanding of the characters and plot from the books is a perfect mix. I could care less about the little omissions when the additions are so wonderful.Tyrion's relationship with Tommen and Myrcella was adorable. Tyrion is a belwether - you can tell who the 'good' characters are by their reaction to him. Tommen and Myrcella = good incest babies, Joff = evil incest monstrosity. Jaime = murderer with a conscious, Cersei = small and petty bitch.Sansa and Joff walking together shows just how young they are trying to play at being adult. It was like teen-agers on the weekend. I know I'm not supposed to be drinking, but the captain of the football team will think I'm a prude if I don't, and he's soooo dreamy. I can't believe he likes me! I liked seeing her try to reach out and touch his face when he was down. I thought it looked a bit awkward, like a girl who has seen a woman touch a man with concern/love, but she's completely unpracticed. I had forgotten how much I hated silly starry-eyed Sansa at this point, but seeing it brought it all back.I also just about lost it when Cat kisses Bran good-bye. I literally talked to her through the tv screen  'No, don't go! You'll never see him again!' All the farewells - bah! I think the Red Wedding may kill me.
1081	Lyri	2011-04-25	The woman playing Cersei is amazing... when she started telling her story about the baby the first thing I thought was that it was a way to throw in the 'Robert's kids have dark hair' thing.  Then I remembered her aborting the baby they made once.  I immediately thought, this baby was killed by Cersei and/or Jaime.  Despite being sure she was lying and had actually murdered the child, and that she of course wanted Bran to die, I was actually sad for her.  Like, a little misty-eyed.  All I could think was "you *sob* bitch!"That scene made me like Cersei even less...if that's possible. I think it would be in poor taste to stand over a woman who is scared for the life of her son and muscle in on her grief by yammering on about the son you lost. Even if it's true, it's like one-upsmanship and I wanted to smack her. Of course it's even worse for the fact that I don't believe Cersei, and she was also complicit in the events that put Bran in that sickbed. Horrible woman.
1082	Gertrude	2011-04-25	By the way, for those that aren't aware - Sophie Turner's (Sansa) family adopted the dog who played Lady. So she has Lady, forever. So cool.I love that!
1083	NW Deserter	2011-04-25	Just re-watched some of the episode, finally saw the very brief glimpse of Ghost. Really hope to see more of him in episode 3 (since it's titled "Lord Snow").
1084	Monday	2011-04-25	I'm loving the interactions between Jorah and Viserys. Also, Cersei and Tyrion play well off each other. Maisie and Sophie are wonderful as always. Michelle was perfection. I liked that little token of the seven that Cat made for Bran, neat detail.
1085	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-25	By the way, for those that aren't aware - Sophie Turner's (Sansa) family adopted the dog who played Lady. So she has Lady, forever. So cool.A happy ending after all!  Anyway, loved the acting - Sean Bean's face when talking with Jon, and Robert, and the trial scene - jeez can that man EMOTE. Arya was awesome and so was Sansa - think she's taken some flack, but I thought Sophie Turner did a great job.Yeah, I mean, I get annoyed with her and think "You dummy," but that's exactly how I felt about Sansa in the book, too.  I think she's doing a fine job based on what I've seen so far.Peter Dinklage was awesome too - I like the accent. No, it's not a natural English accent, but rather an over the top theatrical one - think it is quite suitable.Yeah, I agree.  I can totally picture Tyrion speaking in that over the top manner.  I think Dinklage has been great.  Most everybody has been great, I think.  The only character of great importance I'm still not sold on is Jon Snow.
1086	RemitMan	2011-04-25	One of the strongest scenes of this episode was Cersei<U+0092>s visit to Catelyn and Bran. Cersei speaks of her black-haired child that died but never mentions his name. She tells how this baby looked just like the king. The addition of this scene is perfect and necessary to the rest of the story. Not only does it set up later revelations, but also confirms how cold-hearted Cersei really is. The mystery that Eddard investigates is given one more clue with this scene.
More at http://asoiaf.ovrnit...thrones-s01e02/
1087	Gertrude	2011-04-25	I'm loving the interactions between Jorah and Viserys. Also, Cersei and Tyrion play well off each other. Maisie and Sophie are wonderful as always. Michelle was perfection. I liked that little token of the seven that Cat made for Bran, neat detail.Yes - I loved Cat's tokens too. In the books I got a much more ... I dunno ... Catholic feel for the religion. It seemed much more ritualized and cleaner and organied than the pagan feeling Old Gods. I liked seeing it roughed up a bit.And my lord, I had almost forgotten that I developed a mad crush on Harry Lloyd tonight. Where he was telling Jorah that he wouldn't have been punished if he were king, he has this smile that made my day - even though the smile was kind of an evil bastard smile. Ok, mostly because it was an evil bastard smile.
1088	kn32	2011-04-25	I hate to say it, but I agree. This episode felt so awkward, and forced.  I had the same overall impression as you which was that the story is not at all suited for TV.   The performances and overall dialogue here felt lackluster compared to the first episode.  The sex scenes made me cringe. It almost felt comical to be honest. I think it has more to do with the performances and the "Made-for-TV" look. Which brings me to my next point. This episode REALLY felt made-for-tv,  whereas the first one had the look of movie.   I dunno I'm just kinda baffled here.   I absolutely loved almost everything about the first episode.  The performances, the dialogue, everything was just about pitch perfect.  I got the complete opposite impression here. Maybe the story just comes off better in the book.  It all seems rather silly on screen.Couldn't agree more. I actually came into the series with low expectations, and grew to have very high hopes after the first episode. This is a story that is too expensive for TV and far too long for movies. It's painfully obvious how much the budget holds the show back with the Dothraki scenes. When I read about the horde of Khal Drogo, it's like something out of Braveheart or Return of the King. In the show, however, it just looks like Dany is out camping with the cleanest savages you'll ever hope to find. One of which appears at random to rape her. Exciting!I don't fault HBO for this, it would've been impossible for them to do the dothraki right. The only part that I DO NOT understand is how clean they all look. They sleep on the ground every night after riding their horses all day. The majority of them would only be able to bathe in rivers when they get to bathe at all. Yet even the slaves look as if they just got out of a beauty salon. Bugger the Others. The most notable sign of magic in this show so far is the hair & makeup of Dany's servants.
1089	Lyri	2011-04-25	This recap of Ep 2 is full of win. RecapA couple of my favorite parts:Jaime shows up to call him out for having not fought a man yet, though Jaime has so far succeeded only in pushing a little boy out a window, and didn't even manage to kill him. AndGuys, seriously, don't f*ck with a family who keeps wolves as pets. It's not that complicated. Arya throws Joffrey's sword in the river. Little punk got served. Since he's a little bitch, Joffrey goes running to his mommy the queen...lol
1090	Smurphmurph	2011-04-25	Hey Guys! So excited about this show that I just had to find a forum to talk about it!
I loved episode 2! The pilot was good just by sheer force of seeing so much from the books brought to life, but as time passed and the excitement settled, all the little things that were off (no snow around winterfell, weird Others, Dany's wedding rape, etc.) stood out more and more. But this week was so much better and really only a couple of moments seemed out of place. Cersei's monologue about her first child, for one, had me scratching my head. I was glad my roommate, who has never read the books nor seen the pilot episode, yelled out "Liar!" immediately after her speech. Good to know non-readers can still come away with the right opinion from new scenes like that. 
As for Bran's dream, I, too, was waiting for it the entire episode and was a bit sad when he woke without us seeing it. However, I'm fairly confident that it will come up in the next episode. After all, doesn't Bran have recurring nightmares for weeks after? I think it would be a nice theme for his portion of the story next time, that he keeps waking up from these dreams and a little more can be revealed to the viewers each time. 
I really am blown away by how much they copied verbatim from the books, I never would have expected this much loyalty to the original. And they still manage to make it all flow smoothly from one memorable scene to another. Can't wait for next week!
1091	Kat	2011-04-25	I agree with all the comments regarding the CSI-inspired Catelyn moment.It almost felt like one of the CSI Intro Pun pics you see all over the net (see e.g. http://i30.tinypic.com/2lmufm8.jpg)  I expected her to put on a pair of aviators and say "Hair today.........gone tomorrow." YEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!This post is full of win. I was just listening to this song on the way home before I watched the episode and thinking of that video.How do you know that the conflict will never materialize? Given Starksbane's attitude towards and her idiot uncle's and they are both loose ? I'll bet anything you want a confrontation is comingOfficial Mod Suggestion: Try calling people by their actual names rather than your pet nicknames. No one knows who you're talking about when you call someone "Starksbane." I can only assume you're getting your Catelyn-hate on, but for clarity, no one else can read your mind. For the record, I have no idea what the rest of this post means either. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1092	thorny throne	2011-04-25	Hey Guys! So excited about this show that I just had to find a forum to talk about it!I loved episode 2! The pilot was good just by sheer force of seeing so much from the books brought to life, but as time passed and the excitement settled, all the little things that were off (no snow around winterfell, weird Others, Dany's wedding rape, etc.) stood out more and more. But this week was so much better and really only a couple of moments seemed out of place. Cersei's monologue about her first child, for one, had me scratching my head. I was glad my roommate, who has never read the books nor seen the pilot episode, yelled out "Liar!" immediately after her speech. Good to know non-readers can still come away with the right opinion from new scenes like that. As for Bran's dream, I, too, was waiting for it the entire episode and was a bit sad when he woke without us seeing it. However, I'm fairly confident that it will come up in the next episode. After all, doesn't Bran have recurring nightmares for weeks after? I think it would be a nice theme for his portion of the story next time, that he keeps waking up from these dreams and a little more can be revealed to the viewers each time. I really am blown away by how much they copied verbatim from the books, I never would have expected this much loyalty to the original. And they still manage to make it all flow smoothly from one memorable scene to another. Can't wait for next week!Copying from the book is smart. I think the most annoying thing is to include a scene, but change its dialog, so you don't get the line you crave for. That's why I missed 'don't tell Sansa'. And ASOIAF is so dialog oriented. The only thing that annoyed me is the complete lack of reaction from the hound when Tyrion slapped Joff, three slaps, and he didn't budge.
1093	TheEvilKing	2011-04-25	That's why I missed 'don't tell Sansa'.You're kidding right? Worst line of dialogue from all four books. It's so cheesey, belongs in a WOT novel.
1094	johnny	2011-04-25	I'm surprised a lot of you aren't sold on Jon. He seems to me one of the more natural characters in the show. Him and Eddard have kinda been the anchors for me so far.    He might be a bit more solemn then how I imagined him in the book, but he's still pretty well-casted imo. 
I actually think Tyrion could be better.    Peter Dinkalage performance is a bit too over-the-top .  I know Tyrion is a witty guy in the book, but they should downplay it just a little bit so it feels more natural.
1095	Smurphmurph	2011-04-25	Copying from the book is smart. I think the most annoying thing is to include a scene, but change its dialog, so you don't get the line you crave for. That's why I missed 'don't tell Sansa'. And ASOIAF is so dialog oriented. The only thing that annoyed me is the complete lack of reaction from the hound when Tyrion slapped Joff, three slaps, and he didn't budge.True, I did miss Arya and Jon finishing each others' sentences. Maybe they thought it would be too cutesy, but really we only get so many cutesy moments in this series in between all the heartbreak! As for things like the Hound sticking up for Joffrey, I'm fine with them leaving it out if they aren't prepared to introduce the Hound's character yet. If he had stopped Tyrion, then they would need to explain who exactly this guy is that he has (or thinks he has) the authority to stand up to the Queen's brother. Once they get to court and Sansa's story picks up, then the Hound can have a bigger role.
1096	kungtotte	2011-04-25	He doesn't in the book either. I think it's in keeping with his character.
1097	Kat	2011-04-25	My general reactions:I can see why Mo Ryan ranked this as the weakest episode. I think a lot of important stuff happened, but it also had the feeling of being very transitional because the characters were doing a lot of traveling, which gave it the feeling of the endless travel scenes in LOTR without the helicopter shots and with more interesting character drama. I didn't think it was bad, but I found the scenes with Jon going to the wall particularly had that "we're going somewhere interesting, but are not quite there yet" feel to them.Mark Addy is awesome. I love him as Robert. I have flashes of "Robert Baratheon is a terrible king" already. He's just on the edge of being competent, like when he says the whole thing is just kid stuff, and then goes and doesn't want to bother actually fairly dealing with the direwolves. And then his picnic with Ned interspersing paranoia with reminiscences about the good ol' days of rolling around in the hay with random girls. I love it! Makes a great pathetic echo of formerly fun best friend for Ned.I actually liked Catelyn and Cersei's scene together. If Cersei were obviously mean and untrustworthy and unsympathetic, there would be no reason for Ned to trust her as he stupidly does, and for Catelyn to give Ned permission to take the girls to King's Landing, or for Sansa to trust her. The audience should be going oh HELLS no every time she speaks, but only because we're the only ones who know how two-faced she is. And for that to be realistic, she can't be a cackling villainess.The thing I felt was missing was any sense that Joffrey cared what his father (or anyone else) thought of him. If he doesn't seem to crave the respect of Robert, why send the assassin after Bran at all? I know this isn't revealed until much later, but in what's revealed in that episode, the writers don't give any credence to the actual killer of Bran, who seems at most to be indifferent and hates, over the course of the episode, Tyrion and Arya much more. On the flip side, lots of not-so-subtle clues left about other things.No idea why people really think the writers need to be heavy-handed about making the audience hate Catelyn. Isn't the whole appeal of this show that most of the characters, especially the POV characters, have shades of grey? So why the apparent need of some people for the writers to make some characters even more unlikeable than they unintentionally came off in the original text? I guess haters gonna hate, but for those of us who don't spend all our reading time seething over Catelyn's every action, well.....why purposefully turn the audience against a character? That would be uncharacteristic of the writers and producers and the opposite intention of a show written with no clear villains.
1098	thorny throne	2011-04-25	You're kidding right? Worst line of dialogue from all four books. It's so cheesey, belongs in a WOT novel.I disagree. I wanted them to establish the sister's rivalry and differences before the REAL serious stuff begin.
1099	Kat	2011-04-25	Other stuff:Eeeeeee, the Wall! I just want to lick it. But then my tongue would probably get stuck to it. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> Totally deserved a little more of a lingering shot, though, for us to all gaze in admiration. That's why the show needs another episode or two, for this kind of thing to get some time.Those direwolves sure grew up fast! Poor Lady. But I agree that lingering on Ghost might have been too much wolf in one episode. I loved the way they handled the last shot with Summer and Bran, though.What was that thing Catelyn was making that she hung over Bran's bed? Some sort of charm for the Seven? Anyone have a screenshot?Myrcella and Tommen interacting with Tyrion is so cute. I love all of them, even the somewhat overexaggerated Tyrion mannerisms. I just expect him to overdo it a bit sometimes because his character snarks on everyone all the time; it's like being sincere or ingenuous has become completely alien for him after years of using his wit as a defense mechanism. Sure, it sounds a bit affected....but so is his whole personality around others, sometimes.
1100	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-25	er, gosh. Really...awkward. Felt like I was watching it with my parents without actually watching it with my parents. Its also weird to hear line-by-line dialogue from the books, becuase I already know it and it just sounds odd.
1101	Smashing Young Man	2011-04-25	I'm not feeling Dinklage's Tyrion at all. As others have said, he's far too theatrical in his accent and delivery. It's as if he's talking to a skull in hand ("Alas, Poor Yorick! I knew him, Horatio.")Am I the only one who is bothered by the "wolves" so obviously being dogs? I know CGI is out of the question due to budget constraints<U+0097>which makes me wonder how they'll pull off the dragons should the show survive that long; are they going to strap rubber wings to an iguana?<U+0097>but surely there are more wolfish looking dog breeds they could have used.The Hound is pretty bland so far; no personality at all. He's my favorite character from the books, so I had high hopes for him in the series.The show's Ilyn Payne isn't exactly the most intimidating of characters. Not only did it look like he had a case of the runs and was desperately trying to keep from shitting himself, but I believe Sansa was actually taller than him.I don't care for any of the Dothraki scenes . . . which is fine, because those are my least favorite in the books as well.The maester's chain . . . WTF? I didn't notice it in the first episode, and now I know why: because I was looking in the wrong place. Foolish me, I thought it would be a bunch of little links around Luwin's neck<U+0097>not a series of hula-hoops hanging down almost to his ball sack. The only thing I'm really enjoying in the series thus far is Arya. The actress playing her is much more adorable than I ever pictured Arya being (no horsey face here), but she's nailed her rebellious and irascible personality.
1102	Black Sheep	2011-04-25	Really missed Jon looking into the fire, imagining his family burning. Such a heartbreaking moment, only to be amplified when he gets to the wall, and you realise this dude really doesn't belong anywhere.
It seems the producers are set on moving the plot of the books, neglecting strong character developement which was the real appeal of the novels. I guess that's the best as you can get with ten hours to tell the story. Still really enjoying the acting and the look of everything.
1103	kn32	2011-04-25	Myrcella and Tommen interacting with Tyrion is so cute. I love all of them, even the somewhat overexaggerated Tyrion mannerisms. I just expect him to overdo it a bit sometimes because his character snarks on everyone all the time; it's like being sincere or ingenuous has become completely alien for him after years of using his wit as a defense mechanism. Sure, it sounds a bit affected....but so is his whole personality around others, sometimes.Claiming Dinklage's chosen dialect for Tyrion is all a part of the character's mocking nature seems like a band-aid for an off performance by wishful thinkers. Although if he drops it and speaks like everyone else when he should be scared straight (Which should happen quite a bit during and after Cat takes him) I'd admit I'm wrong on that. He sounds like a cartoon, and if he's doing that intentionally then somebody within the story should react to him as such.At the moment, I'm left wishing that Bronn somehow loses his duel.
1104	kungtotte	2011-04-25	The only thing I'm really enjoying in the series thus far is Arya. The actress playing her is much more adorable than I ever pictured Arya being (no horsey face here), but she's nailed her rebellious and irascible personality.Arya doesn't really have a horsey face in the books either. Ned tells her she looks just like Lyanna, the same Lyanna that was named queen of beauty by Prince Charming himself: Rhaegar Sexypants.
1105	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-04-25	I know CGI is out of the question due to budget constraintsHuh, CGI is cheap.  Making like, jurassic park style animatronic puppets would be expensive, I think they aren't using CGI for the dire wolves because  it looks fake  seriously, I've yet to see CGI that looks real, people were like "OMG AVATAR IS SO REAL" and I was like "Lol, what? It looks like a Blizzard cinematic." So, err, yeah.
1106	Kat	2011-04-25	I disagree. I wanted them to establish the sister's rivalry and differences before the REAL serious stuff begin.The first episode did this pretty well. Anything else is just overkill at this point. I mean, in the first episode you see:Sansa is good at needlework and is praised for it; Arya is impatient at itArya would rather shoot arrows than work on sewingArya asks a lot of questions and is prone to saying what's on her mind while Sansa cares about keeping up appearances (scene where the King & entourage arrive)Arya is playful around the royal family and not that impressed; Sansa wants to impress upon them, particularly Joffrey and CerseiDo you really need more?
1107	Loras	2011-04-25	I might get slated for saying this but there was far too much Dany, with very little development, in this episode.  Having read the book, I know how Dany/Drogo 'should' be portrayed - but I love the way that they have been portrayed by the series.  That's why it made little sense to me that Dany would decide to try and please the husband who has been treating her so cruelly.  
Also, my first disappointment with Clarke comes in the first sex scene, where she notices the eggs and gets a joker-esque grin on her face.  There has been no reference in the series so far that the Targaryen sigil is a dragon, or that the Targaryen King's even had dragons.  It's an oversight that I think we are making because we all know the history of the house.
I missed Viserys this week, although I did enjoy his little scene with Jorah.  Helped to tie Jorah in to the sprawling map of characters that we have so far.  Iain Glen is going to be brilliant in this role, as someone else mentioned the slow-build of his attraction to Dany is going to have a much better payoff down the line.
Negatives aside, I adored the opening Family Lannister scenes.  Dinklage seems to have settled into the role nicely and he really came across well.  The budding relationship between Jon and Tyrion was also well developed.  That scene really added to both of the characters as well as firmly establishing Jon's arc for the season.  Bravo to both actors involved!
Heady has done a brilliant job of developing Cersei!  She was a real standout in the trial scene, though props must go to Williams for making me love a character that I hate from the books.  The scene between Cat and Cersei was also very powerful, it was nice to see Cersei let her guard down.
The assassin scene might be my favourite scene from the show so far, it had such distinctly creepy undertones and I felt the pain in Fairley's palms as she clutched the dagger!
For me, the overexposure of Dany drags the episode down 2 points, but everything else was nearly perfect.  Now that the story lines have all been firmly established I am hoping to see some strong character development over the next few weeks before the action amps up!
7/10
1108	The Mance	2011-04-25	I'll just broadly agree with everyone who liked this episode better than the first.  But I would like to say that I was impressed with how smoothly they dumped all sorts of back story and exposition on us.  It didn't feel forced at all, even when I could tell that thats what they were going for.  Though, at the risk of being soundly scourged for excessive nickpicking....Yeah, we should have seen him at the crossroads when Snow turns north. At least. ....unless they've moved Winterfell east of the Kingsroad, Snow turned south at the crossroads. /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
					
					
							Edited by The Mance, 25 April 2011 - 04:29 AM.
1109	thorny throne	2011-04-25	I'll just broadly agree with everyone who liked this episode better than the first.  But I would like to say that I was impressed with how smoothly they dumped all sorts of back story and exposition on us.  It didn't feel forced at all, even when I could tell that thats what they were going for.  Though, at the risk of being soundly scourged for excessive nickpicking.... ....unless they've moved Winterfell east of the Kingsroad, Snow turned south at the crossroads. /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />I don't mind Dink's accent, I like him better than in episode 1 (like most people, he is my favorite character), I think he makes a believable Tyrion, and his rapport with Heady and the actor playing Jaime (whose name escaped me) is working, and working well. At breakfast, they seemed like three siblings, two pretty, one not so much. Also liked the looks exchanged between Cersie and Jaime, looked believable.Rob remains my pet-peeve. It's the aging than anything else. In the book he was a young teen who had to deal with too much responsibility. When a 14 years old is dealing with appointments and having to be the man of the house - you can really feel for him. When this 17 years old who looks 20 is dealing with all of those things - it isn't as impressive. He looks like he can deal with this task just fine. I'm waiting for one of the most heart-breaking scenes of GoT - Bran and Rob crying in the night together - I wonder how they'd pull it off with this Rob.
1110	Areo	2011-04-25	Sorry if this has been pointed out, but can't read 16 pages...
Anyone else notice that Nymeria is male? I know they had little choice with the dogs, but hardcore fans notice such thingies. They could've just covered it up by cutting certain shots or other camera/editing tricks. Also, the direwolves all grew from pups to big wolves in two episodes, but apparently they won't be any bigger by the end of the season. 
Otherwise I loved the episode, although it's more character exposition than action. Perhaps it was easier to follow for newbies. Hopefully by now they know other characters by name besides Jon Snow and Ned Stark /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Edit: And, oh, all of you who were bitching about Drogo raping Dany in episode 1, like "Nooo, now they'll never have the relationship they're supposed to". It only took 30 seconds to turn that around. Please have some faith in D&D from now on.
					
					
							Edited by Areo, 25 April 2011 - 04:47 AM.
1111	kn32	2011-04-25	I'm not feeling Dinklage's Tyrion at all. As others have said, he's far too theatrical in his accent and delivery. It's as if he's talking to a skull in hand ("Alas, Poor Yorick! I knew him, Horatio.")Am I the only one who is bothered by the "wolves" so obviously being dogs? I know CGI is out of the question due to budget constraints<U+0097>which makes me wonder how they'll pull off the dragons should the show survive that long; are they going to strap rubber wings to an iguana?<U+0097>but surely there are more wolfish looking dog breeds they could have used.The Hound is pretty bland so far; no personality at all. He's my favorite character from the books, so I had high hopes for him in the series.The show's Ilyn Payne isn't exactly the most intimidating of characters. Not only did it look like he had a case of the runs and was desperately trying to keep from shitting himself, but I believe Sansa was actually taller than him.I don't care for any of the Dothraki scenes . . . which is fine, because those are my least favorite in the books as well.The maester's chain . . . WTF? I didn't notice it in the first episode, and now I know why: because I was looking in the wrong place. Foolish me, I thought it would be a bunch of little links around Luwin's neck<U+0097>not a series of hula-hoops hanging down almost to his ball sack. The only thing I'm really enjoying in the series thus far is Arya. The actress playing her is much more adorable than I ever pictured Arya being (no horsey face here), but she's nailed her rebellious and irascible personality.<3 this postI'd like to start a movement to recast Peter Dinklage as Patchface. Put on a little fat suit, some makeup, and he's perfect.The direwolves are disappointing when you think about them too much. It'd be nice if they kept growing at their current pace, but you know it's just going to be puppies in episode 1, regular dogs in episodes 2-10. I'm doubtful they'd even bother doing more in the next season with them. Direwolves are just dogs that have an extraordinary growth spurt in their first month of life.I've also got 100 gold dragons on HBO going with animatronics for the bulk of the dragon stuff. Easy to pull off when they're babies, but will be a complete joke when they grow. Can you really expect them to fork over much money for lengthy CGI scenes? I can't. You also reminded me of one of the most bizarre moments in the show so far. Sansa bumping into Ser Ilyn Payne.  As I recall from the book, it was described how miserable and disturbing he looked to Sansa from afar, not at all that he was a maniac mad dogging her a foot from her face like she just shot his kid. It looked absurd.
1112	The Warmth of Winter	2011-04-25	Wow, this episode had a lot of stuff in it to talk about. I really love Arya, her short "Shut-up!" to Jon when Nymeria failed to fetch the socks. It was hilarious.
The first dire wolf attack scene was well done but when Arya was pulling Nymeria away from Joffrey I thought it looked like she was just dramatically shaking a piece of fur.
The Cersei dialogue was very interesting. When she first entered the room Cat looked like she was about to start screaming and throw her out. After Cersei's little "story" though, it looked like Cat almost pitied her and she accepted Cersei's condolences without a thought that they might be false ones.
I also think that they didn't quite take advanage of the great chance to portray Sandor as really cold and freaky. Maybe it's just me but wouldn't it have been more dramatic if Sandor, when questioned about Mycah by Ned, had said:
Sandor: "He ran..."
*Ned looking slightly relieved*
Sandor: "...just not very fast"
*Ned looking sad*
Ooh, there was so much to like in this episode! The Wall, Needle, Ned, Tyrion, Sandor, Cersei etc.etc. Especially the really f**king epic theme song.
I mean: 
"Dah dah dunanah nah denenaaaaaah...DEH DUH denenah duh DENENUUUUUUUH!"  /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
1113	thorny throne	2011-04-25	Nothing can be done about the direwolves, they had to use dogs - though I did expect them to use bigger dogs, though it might have been a race issue - not all races are easily trained. I'm not disappointed by them, and the idea of CGI would have been absurd. Better keep it to the dragons.
1114	CloudFlare	2011-04-25	Wow, 15+ pages already.Jaime's needling(no pun intended) of Jon's decision to join the Night's Watch was different than the books. It seems kind of beneath Jaime to go out of his way to heckle a bastard, especially considering he just threw a 7 year old out  a window defenestrated a 7 year old.
1115	TrueMetis	2011-04-25	Am I the only one who is bothered by the "wolves" so obviously being dogs? I know CGI is out of the question due to budget constraints<U+0097>which makes me wonder how they'll pull off the dragons should the show survive that long; are they going to strap rubber wings to an iguana?<U+0097>but surely there are more wolfish looking dog breeds they could have used.You want to suggest one? Because Northern Inuits look a lot like wolves to me.
1116	CloudFlare	2011-04-25	I don't fault HBO for this, it would've been impossible for them to do the dothraki right. The only part that I DO NOT understand is how clean they all look. They sleep on the ground every night after riding their horses all day. The majority of them would only be able to bathe in rivers when they get to bathe at all. Yet even the slaves look as if they just got out of a beauty salon. Oddly, Jon and Benjen were very dirty when they got to the wall. They had dirt all over their faces, unless they meant it to be frostbite or something.
1117	kn32	2011-04-25	Oddly, Jon and Benjen were very dirty when they got to the wall. They had dirt all over their faces, unless they meant it to be frostbite or something.Nice catch there. Had to go look at it again to take note of it myself. I probably didn't catch it the first time around because that's how you'd expect them to look after heavy travelling.Seriously, HBO, smudge a little dirt and dust on the Dothraki. They'll look as well as you could hope for them to on TV if you do. Enough with the slaves that look prepped to do a CoverGirl shoot.
1118	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-04-25	Cersei's story about the child seemed to me to be a big middle finger to Cat and the Starks.  Referring to the baby as a bird with no feathers?  To me that's her saying "kids can't fly you silly b****h" I also buy into the theory that it was meant as a device to illustrate the three blond children vs all the dark-haired children of Robert.  It also would make sense that she would kill her own baby until she was sure it was Jamie's.  This is Cersei we're talking about here.
HBO has a featurette on this very scene on their website, btw.
					
					
							Edited by SpaA<U+009F>vogel, 25 April 2011 - 05:35 AM.
1119	Areo	2011-04-25	Oddly, Jon and Benjen were very dirty when they got to the wall. They had dirt all over their faces, unless they meant it to be frostbite or something.Why are people so set on the cleanliness. These are kings and lords dammit. They're supposed to be clean, they're not some broke villagers. And you can see dirt on their clothes if you look carefully. Like, you expect in the Middle Ages and fantasy worlds people don't wash? Costumes are perfect! Period /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1120	WaitingforWylla	2011-04-25	Glad they cut Bran's dream, as that would likely be too strange to see. I wonder if theyll have him talk about it, though. Also loved how they connected Bran and the wolves.I'm assuming that there will have to be several discussions about 3-eyed crow dreams some time in the future - in the meantime they are doing a good job of connecting Bran to the wolf. I am a little concerned about the lack of Ned's dreams and memories, though...although most of what comes up in his head relates to mysteries that haven't been clearly resolved in the books up to AFFC, so they are likely saving themselves from too many unanswered questions later, as the tv show stil seems unlikely to make it that far.
1121	legba11	2011-04-25	I think the Jaime and Jon scene  did a few things. 
1. It gave Jaime more depth, it's clear the writers are looking at the Lannister twins as the deeper characters they will become as opposed to the generic MUHAHAHAHA villains they are at this point in the books.  He is concerned that his brother, who he loves and is not able to defend himself (in Jaime's eyes) is about to go to a dangerous place.  I think he began the conversation as helping to ensure Tyrion will be safe.  He establishes Jon's ability and tries to improve the Lannister's standing in Jon's mind.
2. However, Jaime is a (somewhat) stupid prick, and his nature (somewhat) blows it anyway.  Even when he's trying to do the right thing he screws it up.  
3. Jaime is nearly non-existent in this episode.  We all know him and are used to characters going away for hundreds of pages.  The TV audience don't know the characters yet, you can't have a wajor one disappear in Ep2.  Why not use him for some exposition?
1122	reiver	2011-04-25	It also would make sense that she would kill her own baby until she was sure it was Jamie's.  This is Cersei we're talking about here.This was the one thing that kept me from totally condemning that scene. If she reveals to Ned later (during their Godswood confrontation) that she actually murdered Robert's first child it will bring her more into line with the book. That said the idea of her killing a newborn vs. aborting a child would seem out of character. One of the defining traits of Cersei is love of her children and to kill one...Good episode. I liked it better than the first although the first 10-15 minutes were a bit meh.The Jorah scene about the grass, although lifted from the book, seemed a really weird choice to include as it felt like the sort of fluff and flavour that could naturally be cut without losing anything. it seemed even stranger to focus on Asshai (another random name thrown in there for non-book readers) rather than to use the description of the dothraki sea to set the scene for viewers. The only reason i can see for keeping it is that GRRM has told them there's something that links in with it in future books. Viserys scene was ok and i liked the ambiguity of whether Jorah thought that a King with those morals was a good thing or not, i still think i prefer the way the info was relayed in the book though. Doreah scene was much more tasteful than i imagined from the previews and worked well. Generally the whole nudity was done much better annd felt less gratuitous and certainly not leering. The Jon and Arya scene was good but lacked a bit of context after they removed them watching Tommen and Bran spar. It's hard to say whether it's just my mind saying "this sounds wrong" when they deviate from the book lines or whether the dialogue isn't as good but the scenes where they stay most true always seem to play the best. So while almost everything about the Jon leaving worked (even the lack of Catelyn's line) the Jaime scene seemed off to me. Forced and awkward was the feeling i got. I like the idea of the paralleling with the Kingsguard experience but i don't think it was a good scene and just felt out of place. That said the Ned and Jon goodbye was a very good add and nicely ties in to the R+L=J as i feel it really emphasised Ned was willing to tell the truth when Jon was oathbound to take no part in the GoT.Everything else was pretty good. I'd have liked a wee bit more venom in Cersei's line "we have a wolf" but on the whole it was decent drama and played out well.
1123	Balefont	2011-04-25	My only really heavy gripe is that lack of feeling that the Dothraki are a genuine People and not a bunch of awkward extras.  I think, perhaps, a more 'cinematic' type filming could have helped blurred the edges of our reality from the scenes.  Or something.
1124	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-25	Yeah, really the only mistake in this show was not seeing Ghost at the cross roads when Ned and Jon part ways.
Those direwolves are gonna have to be frickin huge come the end of the season. They'll have to convert to CGI at some stage. Or maybe they can use Andy Serkis  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 25 April 2011 - 06:34 AM.
1125	Tempra	2011-04-25	My only really heavy gripe is that lack of feeling that the Dothraki are a genuine People and not a bunch of awkward extras.  I think, perhaps, a more 'cinematic' type filming could have helped blurred the edges of our reality from the scenes.  Or something.Yeah.  The Dothraki in Ep2 seemed to be different people from Ep1.  Perhaps because they went from 90% dark skinned to 90% white?  Weird.
1126	Balefont	2011-04-25	Yeah.  The Dothraki in Ep2 seemed to be different people from Ep1.  Perhaps because they went from 90% dark skinned to 90% white?  Weird.It wasn't so much skin color, for me.  It was the whole "typical day in the life at the Dothraki camp" shots.  The extras and the shots just didn't convey an authenticity to me at all.  Fortunately, the shots were short and there weren't many.
1127	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-25	To all the people that say cutting "It should have been you" was ok.
It's much more than simply having hated her for saying it for over a decade. The true strength of GRRM's writing in ASOIAF is the fact we get complex characters with tremendous weaknesses in addition to great strength. Cat Stark's fighting for Brans life by grabbing the blade of that dagger was so completely awesome as to leave me breathless, and I knew it was coming, just like most of us. She did medievil momma grizzly to the hilt. However, when you combine that with her almost begging Ned not to go south, we suddenly have "Saint Cat" in the place of the very flawed Catlyn Stark of the books. 
I'm going on record saying that's a mistake. To me, it shows the writers and producers of the show don't believe the TV audience can accept characters with that much depth. I hated Cat, but I appreciated many of her actions in the books. Her attempt to reconcile Stannis and Renly, even her taking of Tyrion made sense at the time of my first read. She did good and she did some petty evil, and she does some incredibly stupid shit too. Turning ASOIAF into the angelic Starks versus the evil Lannisters is a HUGE mistake. I sincerely hope the writers see that.
					
					
							Edited by SwordoftheMorning, 25 April 2011 - 07:03 AM.
1128	Balefont	2011-04-25	To all the people that say cutting "It should have been you" was ok.It's much more than simply having hated her for saying it for over a decade. The true strength of GRRM's writing in ASOIAF is the fact we get complex characters with tremendous weaknesses in addition to great strength. Cat Stark's fighting for Brans life by grabbing the blade of that dagger was so completely awesome as to leave me breathless, and I knew it was coming, just like most of us. She did medievil momma grizzly to the hilt. However, when you combine that with her almost begging Ned not to go south, we suddenly have "Saint Cat" in the place of the very flawed Catlyn Stark of the books. I'm going on record saying that's a mistake. To me, it shows the writers and producers of the show don't believe the TV audience can accept characters with that much depth. I hated Cat, but I appreciated many of her actions in the books. Her attempt to reconcile Stannis and Renly, even her taking of Tyrion made sense at the time of my first read. She did good and she did some petty evil, and she does some incredibly stupid shit too. Turning ASOIAF into the angelic Starks versus the evil Lannisters is a HUGE mistake. I sincerely hope the writers see that.See the reviewer's take at 10:50 about this scene.  I think Cat's harshness was readily conveyed to most viewers.  I know this is just one example but I think enough have picked up on it.ETA: He's never read the books and is avoiding all spoilers and all "helper" information.  He's of the mind that he should be able to get what's needed out of the show without all the back up information.  Overall, or 99% of all, this guy is quite insightful. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />ETA2: Reg. Joffrey - "He's a bitch"  Joffrey rant begins at 13:55./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 25 April 2011 - 07:10 AM.
1129	HokieStone	2011-04-25	Edit: And, oh, all of you who were bitching about Drogo raping Dany in episode 1, like "Nooo, now they'll never have the relationship they're supposed to". It only took 30 seconds to turn that around. Please have some faith in D&D from now on.Eh...still seems awkward to me.  He's still in essence raping her at the beginning of the episode, and all of a sudden Dany wants to learn how to please him?  He's shown no tenderness towards her or any hint that he's anything more than brutish barbarian...and yet she's now eager to "see his face"...eh...no, not really working for met yet...
1130	Senta Signora	2011-04-25	Well I don't think she'll be too broken up when one ends with Jory Cassell dying...  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />I was shocked in the book when Jory died. I never thought that fight would end that way.ETA: call me weird, but I think the actor who plays Jory is kind of hot. I'm such a dirty old lady.
					
					
							Edited by Senta Signora, 25 April 2011 - 07:28 AM.
1131	Balefont	2011-04-25	Today's rewatch brought to my attention the fact that the discussion about Bran's situations and Catelyn's suspicions, etc. occurred in front of the Heart Tree.  Even though Catelyn never felt the Godswood was 'her place', they still held the meeting there.  Now, maybe because that is the safest place within the keep to hold such a meeting.  However, there is the added bonus that the Heart Tree gets to witness the discussion...
1132	Senta Signora	2011-04-25	Loved it. Was a little confused about the black-haired child scene with Cersei and Catelyn; but it must have worked because right after it my husband said all her other children are blond, does that mean they're her brother's. My husband is so smart. He also picked up on the dragon eggs being ready to hatch from the little animal noises in the Dany/Drogo seduction scene. (I mean the eggs' little noises).
1133	Greywolf2375	2011-04-25	See the reviewer's take at 10:50 about this scene.  I think Cat's harshness was readily conveyed to most viewers.  I know this is just one example but I think enough have picked up on it.For me it's not that her harshness towards Jon isn't portrayed - we get that from the scene when he is cleaning up the arrows and his conversation with Benjen; my perception is that her distaste for Jon comes through much more powerfully with the original wording.As far as "she wouldn't say that with Ned there" - true, so don't have him there.  Have he and Jon meet on the stairs - replace Jons conversation with Robb about his mother with Ned. "she was...very kind" or whatever the actual quote was.  Then they can even continue it with the interaction with Ned & Cat - she can still bring up the heritage to get it out in the open.
1134	Cereal Forel	2011-04-25	Thinking back on it this morning, I just can't get over how well this show is acted. After the first episode I was a little wary because a lot of the performances didn't seem quite natural, but this episode washed away all those fears.
Tyrion, Jon, Robert, The Hound, Arya, Sansa, the direwolves, Dany and JOFFREY especially were all perfect
1135	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-25	See the reviewer's take at 10:50 about this scene.  I think Cat's harshness was readily conveyed to most viewers.  I know this is just one example but I think enough have picked up on it.ETA: He's never read the books and is avoiding all spoilers and all "helper" information.  He's of the mind that he should be able to get what's needed out of the show without all the back up information.  Overall, or 99% of all, this guy is quite insightful. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />ETA2: Reg. Joffrey - "He's a bitch"  Joffrey rant begins at 13:55./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Ok. This guy is prolly the WORST reviewer in history. One more fuckin "uuuuuh", I woulda reached thru the screen and slapped him silly.
1136	Slick Mongoose	2011-04-25	I thought Michelle Fairley was amazing.
1137	Balefont	2011-04-25	lol I was about to say most people are clueless about what wolves look like. Thank you Thor for saying this to enlighten the schmucks. hahaMost of you have no idea what wolves actually look like. These dogs look like wolves. Get over yourselves and what you "think" a wolf is supposed to look like.Keep crying all the way to the end of season 2 lol"I'm a trifle deaf in this ear.  Speak a little louder next time."
1138	Balefont	2011-04-25	Ok. This guy is prolly the WORST reviewer in history. One more fuckin "uuuuuh", I woulda reached thru the screen and slapped him silly.Oh Sword, c'mon, the guy is great.  He's an amateur but very entertaining and has a lot of great insights for one who's never read the books.
1139	Valmy	2011-04-25	My fiancee turned to me after Robert walked out of the Inn's common room and said, "If Ned was smart, he would have grabbed his kids and got the fuck out then and there." (As a reader and boarder, he knows Ned was tragically not too smart. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)Yep.  At least he should have sent his kids home then.  But then hey we wouldn't have had the story.
1140	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	Someone mentioned how Jory not being with Arya when Nymeria is forced away would sever a connection with Jory and make it less emotional when he is killed.
I disagree here, because they had Jory do more in the tent scene with the daughters. First, he casually moves Ser Ilyn Payne out of the way with the back of his hand, like he was dismissing a tree branch in his face -- which was totally awesome -- and then Sansa breaks down against him and he looks like he is consoling her. So Jory still comes across as a family man, very beloved by the Starks.
I love how Ned pushes everyone out of his way, knights or not, and then Jory gives Ilyn the shove. You don't mess with Northmen.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 25 April 2011 - 07:58 AM.
1141	Manakhkubar	2011-04-25	Thinking back on it this morning, I just can't get over how well this show is acted. After the first episode I was a little wary because a lot of the performances didn't seem quite natural, but this episode washed away all those fears.Tyrion, Jon, Robert, The Hound, Arya, Sansa, the direwolves, Dany and JOFFREY especially were all perfectSoo true. Especially the Hound, better than in the books, very solid, not that much of a clown.I didn't like Ep1 too much, despite decent acting there, but this episode was really great. I'm rather surprised, they did a really really great job there ...
1142	aeoleron9	2011-04-25	I was a little worried after the first episode, but this one had me sold. The later portion of the episode was pure win, and I love how they tied Brab with the wolves without overusing CGI...yet. 
Still, was annoyed with the memorable lines getting cut. And god the cheap portrayal of the Dothraki... I'd say they're the weak link in the show atm, the scenes over there just lack the grit and realism of Westeros. That said, I wasn't too fond of the Dany portions in the novels either, so maybe I'm biased.
1143	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	Someone mentioned how Jory not being with Arya when Nymeria is forced away would sever a connection with Jory and make it less emotional when he is killed.I disagree here, because they had Jory do more in the tent scene with the daughters. First, he casually moves Ser Ilyn Payne out of the way with the back of his hand, like he was dismissing a tree branch in his face -- which was totally awesome -- and then Sansa breaks down against him and he looks like he is consoling her. So Jory still comes across as a family man, very beloved by the Starks.I love how Ned pushes everyone out of his way, knights or not, and then Jory gives Ilyn the shove. You don't mess with Northmen.I agree.  Though his role in the scene was brief, Jory came across as a heroic figure and someone the audience will root for going forward (and thus, will be devastated at his sudden and unexpected death).  That entire scene was handled extremely well, with unflinching emotional impact.  Non-readers should now have an idea of exactly what they're going to be in for every week.
1144	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-25	Oddly, Jon and Benjen were very dirty when they got to the wall. They had dirt all over their faces, unless they meant it to be frostbite or something.I had a luagh at this myself.  How did they manage to get so dirty? I've spent a week in the woods without getting dirt on my face.
1145	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	Tyrion also looked very dirty. Almost like soot was smeared around his face. It was sort of unnecessary for them all to be so dirty, but I think the directors are just trying to show how rough the North is, even the roads.
1146	blasted_saber	2011-04-25	Oddly,  (I have no idea how ratings work in other countries) Ep 1 was rated "14+" but Ep 2 was rated "18+" despite Ep 2 being far tamer in both sex and violence. I wonder if HBO Canada received some complaints? 
Do other countries even have a rating system for TV shows?
1147	NW Deserter	2011-04-25	I had my suspicions early on that the show would purposely not "humanize" the Dothraki too much, just because the eastern continent is supposed to feel exotic and it's really not all that necessary to spend production money on making these guys as believable as the Westerosi. Episode 2 confirmed this with the Dothraki's strange cleanliness and "throw-away extras" feel.
But honestly, I don't mind. In that storyline, we only need a few characters developed - Dany, Viserys, Jorah, Drogo, and to some extent her hand-maidens. And I think they're doing a good enough job there.
1148	Ellroy	2011-04-25	Just logged in to say that I LOVED the second episode. It was amazing. 
The premiere left me a little bit cold, because of the pacing, the necessity to introduce everything with dialogue and the east storyline that do not convince me a lot (mostly because of the dothraki marriage scene). 
But the second episode is great, really great. If that's the quality of the series, I'm sold. Even the east storyline was way better and felt real, not fake like in the first episode.
PS: I really laughed when I read CSI Winterfell. Congratulation for the joke: it's hilarious.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 25 April 2011 - 08:45 AM.
1149	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	Did anyone else not like the casting of Ser Rodrick? I know that we can't all like the casting of the minor characters, but I always pictured him as an older, lean and muscled, grizzled warrior. This guy (who was also present during the first direwolf scene, but wasn't in the books) looks too big and oafish to me, and the gray whiskers have been replaced by the forked beard. This actor could have played the Greatjon with how he looks.
Oh well - no biggie.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 25 April 2011 - 08:43 AM.
1150	CryFenril	2011-04-25	I am firmly in the camp that says "Glad the 'It should have been you' line was changed!" I always considered that line to be sorely out of character for Cat, much as I thought Tyrion somersaulting off of the roof during the feast was a bit off too. The wolves sure did grow up fast - non-readers may not understand just how much time has elapsed during the royal visit to Winterfell, and it may be tough for them to see cute all-ears puppies one show, then big ferocious mankillers the next. I agree that leaving Ghost out is a bit of a necessary evil for now, as we went from little wolf-action to tons of it in a single episode. Multiple people have stated that we'll see plenty of him in the future. I sure hope so! Love, love, love Dinklage. His stilted delivery comes off as just another Tyrion quirk, in my view, and seems to suit him very well. Especially when his body language is so spot on - he manages to show just how much he adores his little nephew and niece, how much he despises his older nephew (WHACK!), and how much he loves his brother but is aware that Jaime isn't necessarily a good guy, all while his words are concentrating on something else entirely. Dany/Drogo are still headed in the right direction - he starts out resisting her "change of venue", but then allows her to do things her way and winds up impressed. Still not love, in my book, but at least a growing mutual accord. As to why she should want to "please the man who rapes her", as someone put it - well, she knows she's stuck with him for life, she might as well find a way to make it pleasant, yes? Not real keen on Cersei's non-book exposition in Bran's room, but I understand why it was done. It's probably just the canon purist in me squealing "No, she didn't say that! Stop it!" so I will tamp that down for now to see how it plays out. I do think the pendulum swung a bit too hard from the all-dark-skinned-all-the-time view of the Dothraki to the oh-my-gosh-they're-whiter-than-you-thought view. Vaes Dothrak was added to the map - but all we saw was a handful of women processing carcasses over fires and on racks. Hmmm. Still not overwhelmingly impressed by the Dothraki angle yet. Did like Jorah, though, and still think Viserys is wonderfully creepy. Agree that the link between Lady's death and Bran's awakening was a lovely and unexpected touch. Life for a life indeed! Oh, and one worry of mine (and to be sure, it's a nitpicky one) - during the pup-finding scene, the direwolf corpse is a massive thing, easily six or seven feet long with a head broader than a man's chest. How are they going to explain that the pups will never get that big? It sets up an unrealistic expectation. I think they ought to have made the dam's corpse a bit more to scale with the offspring to help ease the suspension of disbelief. Direwolves (in historical context, anyway, not necessarily GRRM's direwolves in particular) typically reached about five feet in length and topped out at about 220-240. The corpse we were shown was much, much larger than that, and the Stark wolves will be much smaller. That is a sore point for me, and I hate it that I am focusing so much on it. The dogs themselves are great "actors" - and oh, I felt so bad for Lady - but I can't help but feel a bit disappointed in this aspect so far. All in all, I am still thrilled, and am digesting episode 2 still. Will do a rewatch after work.
					
					
							Edited by CryFenril, 25 April 2011 - 08:50 AM.
1151	Arataniello	2011-04-25	Against the general theme of posts here, I thought this episode was LESS enjoyable than the first.  For no real reason, maybe because the scenes for each of the different story lines didn't seem to flow from one to the next.  Each scene seemed to be discrete and separate from what went before and what came after, without any apparent attempt to make each storyline cohere.
Adding Cersei's little monologue about losing her firstborn black-haired child seemed a little heavy-handed to me, like the viewers need to be hit with a giant CLUESTICK.
I liked the first shot we got of the Wall when John and Tyrion see it for the first time.  The scene with Tyrion with Myrcella and Tommen at breakfast was nice as well, showing how much he cares for the other kids (not Joffrey).
I also really liked the scene in Bran's bedroom with the assassin and Catelyn.  What was that voodoo dreamcatcher thing supposed to be that Cat was working on at Bran's bedside?
1152	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	I also really liked the scene in Bran's bedroom with the assassin and Catelyn.  What was that voodoo dreamcatcher thing supposed to be that Cat was working on at Bran's bedside?It looked to have several different relics sown onto it, some of them humanoid figures, so I am guessing it is a wreathe of the Seven.
1153	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	What was that voodoo dreamcatcher thing supposed to be that Cat was working on at Bran's bedside?I took it as some sort of homage to the Seven.  I didn't take time to count, but I believe there were 7 little cloth or straw doll-things on the circle.  In the first Catelyn scene she appears to be fashioning one of the dolls.  Neat touch, anyway.
1154	NW Deserter	2011-04-25	I just have to post again to say this...I still can't believe that they found such a perfect, perfect child actress for Arya. She's stealing every scene. When she was holding the sword at Joff's throat by the river, the look in her eyes was like a fiery little maniac...she's gonna have no trouble at all when we get to the episode titled "The Pointy End"!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1155	Cyclone49	2011-04-25	Really enjoyed that for the most part. The pacing felt slightly off at times, and there were a couple of things that didn't completely work for me, but otherwise the series just keeps going from strength to strength. Best bits were the attack on Bran and the reveal of the wall (which looks fucking stunning). A bit disappointed in how underplayed Micah being killed by the Hound was though - the sheer brutality of it was always a defining moment in the books for me. Still not sure about the Hound either, he just seems way too... personable.
1156	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-25	See the reviewer's take at 10:50 about this scene.  I think Cat's harshness was readily conveyed to most viewers.  I know this is just one example but I think enough have picked up on it.ETA: He's never read the books and is avoiding all spoilers and all "helper" information.  He's of the mind that he should be able to get what's needed out of the show without all the back up information.  Overall, or 99% of all, this guy is quite insightful. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />ETA2: Reg. Joffrey - "He's a bitch"  Joffrey rant begins at 13:55./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I love this guys reviews.  I like how he has very definate feelings for the characters.  He comments to Sansa "That's you little sister" had me nodding agreement.  He's just so emotional about the whole thing, and I think that is what I like about him.  He's really invested in the feelings.
1157	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	....unless they've moved Winterfell east of the Kingsroad, Snow turned south at the crossroads. /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />On every map I have, Winterfell IS east of the Kingsroad.I had a laugh at this myself.  How did they (Jon and Benjen) manage to get so dirty? I've spent a week in the woods without getting dirt on my face.Don't ask, don't tell.
1158	Social Justice Bass	2011-04-25	I really liked this episode. My only real complaint is that I think Jon needed to be more on edge when Tyrion starts mocking the Night's Watch. Let the criticism get under his skin a bit.
1159	nevermore	2011-04-25	don't know if its mentioned maybe Cersei poisoned Roberts child and made it look like yellow fever, instead of making her more sympathetic they could have gone for more evil. dunno but that scene was just weird.
@Bass, then they would need to introduce the direwolf like in the book i reckon, but they downplayed it for some reason as to not show him yet. Also in the book Jon's more or less a child, here he is nearly a man.
					
					
							Edited by nevermore, 25 April 2011 - 09:53 AM.
1160	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	I've read a few reviewers that saw the first six episodes say that the second one was the worst in their opinion but personally I think the second was stronger than the first. Sure, some more important events take place in the first episode but that's an inevitable issue with the plot. Quality-wise I think the second was better, even if I loved the first as well. More stand-out acting and despite the high pace it flowed a bit better.
This was the episode where people will really start to notice Tyrion and I think Dinklage handled himself very well. The same goes for Arya, who didn't have that much to do in the first episode. I think the Hound looks great and it seems like the actor is good enough to be able to go between both the ruthless and the compassionate parts of his personality. Maester Luwin is a character that's taken me a bit by surprise as well as I think he's really well acted for the part he has.
All in all I'm really impressed with the quality they've managed to keep while handling the really difficult task of putting this book to the screen.
1161	Aoife	2011-04-25	Bronn, HBO's map shows it to the west of the Kingsroad, unfortunately. Unless the characters are going out some back route, tying HBO's map in with their shot means we're looking west at Winterfell, Jon & co go south, and Ned & co continue either east or go north.
Unless I have my west and east mixed up again, but I think I've got it right right now.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 25 April 2011 - 09:59 AM.
1162	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Bronn, HBO's map shows it to the west of the Kingsroad, unfortunately. Unless the characters are going out some back route, tying HBO's map in with their shot means we're looking west at Winterfell, Jon & co go south, and Ned & co continue either east or go north.Unless I have my west and east mixed up again, but I think I've got it right right now.HBO's map is the problem, not the shot.
1163	Manakhkubar	2011-04-25	I absolutely, absolutely loved the "causalness" of Mycah's death. Between the extremely intense "princes harmed hand" and the killing of a random pet, this scene is so greatly low keyed and even Ned doesn't look back twice. So far the strongest moment, covering the actual SoIaF theme in one short, precise image.
1164	Cereal Forel	2011-04-25	Oh, and one worry of mine (and to be sure, it's a nitpicky one) - during the pup-finding scene, the direwolf corpse is a massive thing, easily six or seven feet long with a head broader than a man's chest. How are they going to explain that the pups will never get that big? It sets up an unrealistic expectation. I think they ought to have made the dam's corpse a bit more to scale with the offspring to help ease the suspension of disbelief. Direwolves (in historical context, anyway, not necessarily GRRM's direwolves in particular) typically reached about five feet in length and topped out at about 220-240. The corpse we were shown was much, much larger than that, and the Stark wolves will be much smaller. That is a sore point for me, and I hate it that I am focusing so much on it. The dogs themselves are great "actors" - and oh, I felt so bad for Lady - but I can't help but feel a bit disappointed in this aspect so far. Working as intended IMO. Martin's direwolves are much larger than their real life counterparts (much like everything in this series). He stopped describing their size early on in the series but they definitely grow to be huge. Actually I think the size of Nymeria is mentioned multiple times in AFFC, but other than that nobody really says anything about their size.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 25 April 2011 - 10:16 AM.
1165	Aoife	2011-04-25	HBO's map is the problem, not the shot.Yes, the map is wrong, but if it's not fixed, that's the source most viewers will look at (IMO), leading to more confusion like that which started this discussion trail. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1166	Ran	2011-04-25	Alternatively, the kingsroad is east of Winterfell, but for some reason they decided to use the Hunter's Gate -- maybe the section of the Kingsroad east of the castle was under repair and they needed to use a separate Northern road to the west of the castle awhile before getting onto the Kingsroad again. 
All solved.
Or, realistically, it really just is a messed up shot. They had that angle to work with and that's all they could do with it. No one but us obsessives will notice.
1167	Balefont	2011-04-25	I wonder how expensive it would be to "motion capture" the dogs, Avatar style, in order to realistically CGI the direwolves once they are supposed to reach a certain size.
1168	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-25	I wonder how expensive it would be to "motion capture" the dogs, Avatar style, in order to realistically CGI the direwolves once they are supposed to reach a certain size.Good idea. Because if they look like the wolves in Twilight, I'll never get it over it. Ever.
1169	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Or, realistically, it really just is a messed up shot. They had that angle to work with and that's all they could do with it. No one but us obsessives will notice.Or even more realistically, the marketing wanks who spec'd out the map fu**ed up and the shot is just fine.ETA: Where will Winterfell be relative to the Kingsroad in the World Book?
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 25 April 2011 - 10:36 AM.
1170	Valmy	2011-04-25	As a huge Sansa fan...well ok I do not admire her especially in book 1 but I really identify with her...I hoped this episode would  be hard to watch for me and it was.  Good job.  I liked the camera work showing how she is torn between her ambitions, her infatuation with Joff, and her loyalty to her family and then she just kicks the can down the road to keep from having her little world broken.  Also her muddling trying to somehow stay out of Joff's nuttiness with the butchers boy.  Love it.
I am not sure how great an actress Miss Turner is yet though.  But since her part is constant angst from here on out she will have lots of opportunities to show us her chops.
Otherwise: I think the changes to the Bran plot work pretty well for TV.  Hopefully those of us who have not read the books will be seeing the Lannisters as complete monsters at this point, just as they should.  Loved the evil Cersei both when lying to Cat and later with the post-evil Joff scene.  Where the heck are Ghost and Greywind? Looking forward to meeting the Night's Watch in Ep 3!
1171	undertow	2011-04-25	I love this guys reviews.  I like how he has very definate feelings for the characters.  He comments to Sansa "That's you little sister" had me nodding agreement.  He's just so emotional about the whole thing, and I think that is what I like about him.  He's really invested in the feelings.This guys awesomeTalks about the Cat-Cersei conversation @ 6:00-- "That's fucked up!"ETA2: Reg. Joffrey - "He's a bitch" Joffrey rant begins at 13:55./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />EPIC
					
					
							Edited by undertow, 25 April 2011 - 10:41 AM.
1172	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-25	Did anybody else have a "well... shit" moment when Ned said  they'd talk about Jon's mom when he got back.
Oh and did anybody else get creeped out by Dany's expersion changing while she was getting it from behind from Drogo?
					
					
							Edited by REID1990, 25 April 2011 - 10:38 AM.
1173	Trebla	2011-04-25	couple of things:
I think excluding the "It should have been you" was necessary because they also cut out Cat praying to the Seven for her special boy Bran to be able to stay. She was crazed with guilt over that in the books but in the series I think it would be too much. Her looks of hate were more than enough for me. 
With the direwolves, I think they might use LoTR camera tricks to make the wolves look larger than they really are. In the moody throne preview, they show Jon sitting the Iron Throne with a very large Ghost lying next to the him. It looked very realistic.
1174	undertow	2011-04-25	Did anybody else have a "well... shit" moment when Ned said  they'd talk about Jon's mom when he got back.Oh and did anybody else get creeped out by Dany's expersion changing while she was getting it from behind from Drogo?Yarp
1175	Manakhkubar	2011-04-25	Did anybody else have a "well... shit" moment when Ned said  they'd talk about Jon's mom when he got back.Actually, I cried several times, at all five "final farewells" of the show.
1176	Kaitscralt	2011-04-25	With the direwolves, I think they might use LoTR camera tricks to make the wolves look larger than they really are. In the moody throne preview, they show Jon sitting the Iron Throne with a very large Ghost lying next to the him. It looked very realistic.Yes, I constantly remind myself of that clip from the trailer as reassurance that Ghost will be featured more soon.
1177	Vuron	2011-04-25	Just a few pet peeves, but I'd say I liked this episode better than the first.
I'm getting irritated with not getting names of some characters, even in passing.  It would have been easy for Tyrion to mention the names of Tommen and Myrcella at the breakfast.  Theon has had lines in both episodes and we still don't know his name.  I don't recall ever getting Jory's name, either.
Payne doesn't do it for me.  Not even close.  At this point, I'd have preferred his character to not even be introduced.  Just let him be an unnamed executioner.  I'm still on the fence with the hound.  Maybe it's because I just pictured him as more smug, but he just seems to melt into the background with all the other characters.
Robb's age is throwing me off.  I just don't know how they're going to convey the feeling of the kid that got thrown all the responsibility.
Arya rocks.
1178	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	jack-be-lucky wrote:And the same scene is perfect in expressing the pressure that Sansa is under when called to testify. Sure , when I first read that scene I was pissed that she doesn't back up Arya's story, but on reflection, she basically does the only thing she could do in those circumstances which is abstaining from taking a side. She just has too much too lose any other way. Its a horrible place to be, and she ends up losing in the end. You just have to feel some sympathy for her at that point.I agree.  Seeing the scene played out made her far more sympathetic.  I thought Turner's delivery of "Lady is GOOD" nailed it for me.  She wasn't at all soft-spoken, she showed that Stark fire (albeit a little too late).Oh, and I second your comment about Ned walking through the crowd.  I thought, "oh boy . . ." Agreed. In the books, Cat makes it clear that she could forgive Ned the infidelity if Jon was kept out of sight, out of mind, out of Wintefell. Jon's constant presence all these years is what prevented that emotional wound from ever really healing. Cat telling him that she wants him to leave came across as 16 years worth of resentment. She didn't just want him to leave the room, but the castle...the region...her family's life. She's always wanted him to leave. Well done.I loved Cat's performance with Jon.  Telling him, "it should have been you" would not (imho) have translated well to the screen.  I could feel the hatred and loathing oozing from her.  Sometimes, what is left unsaid is far "louder" than what is actually spoken.  The creative/writing team chose perfectly on this one.On the Dream SequenceI admit that I was disappointed in not seeing it.  I wanted to see that three-eyed crow!  My guess is that it will be brought in later.  Perhaps Bran will remember the dream a while after he wakes.Sad about the absence of Ghost as well.  Perhaps we'll see him more at the Wall and beyond.  Smegma said:By the way, for those that aren't aware - Sophie Turner's (Sansa) family adopted the dog who played Lady. So she has Lady, forever. So cool.Good to hear!  YAY!Doreah is so hot. Good casting.She is awesome!  Oh and Jon Favreau (actor/writer/director) tweeted that the Game of Thrones intro is more interesting than most tv shows lolYou just made me love Favreau even more than I thought possible.One question I have for some of you.  What about Joff?  I found him a tad sympathetic, especially when Tyrion was slapping him.  I felt like I needed more "evil Joff" and more build-up for me to really get on board with hating Joff.  Furthermore, when he was downed by Arya and started to whimper for his life, (AND after Robert berated him for being bested by a girl) I kept thinking, "Well, it's no wonder he turned out the way he did."  Hmmm.  Not sure what I think of that.
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 25 April 2011 - 11:00 AM.
1179	Andhaira	2011-04-25	What a fantastic episode. They got nearly everything right. The fight between Catelyn and the assassin was very brutal. Didn't expect it to be so well choreographed.
1180	thorny throne	2011-04-25	I think it's okay if Joff is also a round character,  he's not suppose to be randomly evil, he's suppose to be a product of his upbringing.
1181	reiver	2011-04-25	You just made me love Favreau even more than I thought possible.He is so the money and he doesn't even know it. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I know what you're saying about Joff but i think his bearing and (sorry to the actor) his face makes him so unlikeable at even a glance that i didn't feel at all bad for him.
1182	Amae Koromo	2011-04-25	Watching this episode...
How different would things be if Arya never hit Joffrey?
Most likely both she and Sansa would still have her pets for a while. Would that be good or bad in the long run?
1183	Valmy	2011-04-25	How different would things be if Arya never hit Joffrey?Most likely both she and Sansa would still have her pets for a while. Would that be good or bad in the long run?Arya is not the kind of person who would stand by and let Joff beat up Myca.  Well ok maybe if she was a little older and wiser and knew what it meant to assault Joff...but maybe not even then.  The way things are going if it was older Arya Joff's bloated corpse would have been floating in that river instead of his sword.
1184	evanesco75	2011-04-25	Fantastic episode. Better than the first. Loved all the key scenes, especially the tent, and Cat vs. assassin. The acting was top notch all round, and Lady's death was as heart-wrenching as in the book.
I can't decide which actor I liked best: Bean, Fairley, Headey and Williams were spot on. And Joffrey (forget the actor's name?). 
OMG, when Tyrion bitchslapped Joff I about wet myself /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It was priceless. So gratifying. The Hound was good too, for me. Menacing, if quieter. 
Viserys was perfect, and so far I'm really enjoying Clarke's take on Dany.
It's started hitting its stride. So bloody exciting!
1185	Amae Koromo	2011-04-25	Arya is not the kind of person who would stand by and let Joff beat up Myca.  Well ok maybe if she was a little older and wiser and knew what it meant to assault Joff...but maybe not even then.  The way things are going if it was older Arya Joff's bloated corpse would have been floating in that river instead of his sword.I mean, supposing Arya did nothing and knew what it meant to assault Joffrey.I suppose this would be better even for her friend.
1186	howland_reed	2011-04-25	Someone brought this up earlier, but seeing the scene with Ned and Jon, followed by Ned and Robert pretty much cements the R+L=J theory imo, if there was ever any doubt.
I don't recall Ned and Rob's conversation about Dany being in the book until much later, when they were all at King's Landing already, but even when I first read it, I just figured Ned was defending Dany because she was just a child, and he didn't want to stoop so low as being a child-murderer for the King.  But now seeing it so well-acted by Bean, and knowing the R+L=J theory, it really drives home that Ned is defending Dany not because he doesn't see her as a threat to the throne (which she most clearly is), but rather, in a sense, he's defending Jon.  You could tell that his "promise" to Lyanna probably burns through him since he'd like nothing more than to tell Jon the truth, but seeing how vehemently Robert reacts to Dany, he knows he has to keep it secret.
1187	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	I mean, supposing Arya did nothing and knew what it meant to assault Joffrey.I suppose this would be better even for her friend.Well, but Lady would have been offed along with Ned at the end of the first book and there's no way Arya could have been all super-sneaky with Nymeria around (getting out of King's Landing and pretending to be a boy with Yoren's crew).I have a big fangirl hope that Nymeria and Arya will someday be reunited.  They must be.  Period.
1188	Manakhkubar	2011-04-25	Someone brought this up earlier, but seeing the scene with Ned and Jon, followed by Ned and Robert pretty much cements the R+L=J theory imo, if there was ever any doubt.On the other hand, there is a clear indication that Ned+Wylla=Jon in Ep2 that isn't in the book: NED SAYS SO! He manages to navigate around that one in the books, if I recall correctly.
1189	Manakhkubar	2011-04-25	I mean, supposing Arya did nothing and knew what it meant to assault Joffrey.I suppose this would be better even for her friend.Yeah, well, Mycah would be just uglier instead of death. But he's a commoner, who cares?More important, Arya wouldn't become a soulless murderer and Sansa wouldn't become the Queen of the North.
1190	Huan	2011-04-25	Actually, I cried several times, at all five "final farewells" of the show.I was surprised by how emotional I felt watching the farewells of Jon and Robb, Jon and Ned, Catelyn and Bran. Very poignant for those who know they will never see each other again. Won't have the same impact for newcomers to the show/books but even so the scenes and music are very well done.
1191	howland_reed	2011-04-25	On the other hand, there is a clear indication that Ned+Wylla=Jon in Ep2 that isn't in the book: NED SAYS SO! He manages to navigate around that one in the books, if I recall correctly.I'm pretty sure that was directly from the book, as I recall Wylla first being mentioned by the King to Ned, on their journey back.  And just as in the book, the show DID skirt around the issue as Ned refused to talk about "Wylla" or what she even looked like to his old friend.
1192	Seerow	2011-04-25	See the reviewer's take at 10:50 about this scene.  I think Cat's harshness was readily conveyed to most viewers.  I know this is just one example but I think enough have picked up on it.ETA: He's never read the books and is avoiding all spoilers and all "helper" information.  He's of the mind that he should be able to get what's needed out of the show without all the back up information.  Overall, or 99% of all, this guy is quite insightful. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />ETA2: Reg. Joffrey - "He's a bitch"  Joffrey rant begins at 13:55./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Thanks for linking that. I have him subscribed now, should definitely be interesting to follow.I already got a kick out of how some of his perceptions are relative to what we know from the books. For example in the first review we find out he thinks that Robert Arryn was the King's father, and king before him, while King Robert was the previous Hand. He also thinks of the Targaryens as just another clan, and seems to think the Dothraki are a southern part of the 7 kingdoms. In the review you linked he refers to Viserys as a smart/cunning player. Overall it's just interesting to see the impressions someone gets from the show without the books as a reference or someone familiar with the books helping them out.
1193	Valmy	2011-04-25	On the other hand, there is a clear indication that Ned+Wylla=Jon in Ep2 that isn't in the book: NED SAYS SO! He manages to navigate around that one in the books, if I recall correctly.Nah that was what he said in the book as well.
1194	Volderon	2011-04-25	Anyone else notice that Ned got a little teary eyed when Jon asked about his mother? Guess why? It's Lyanna :-p. And we can put to rest Wyla being his mother, Ned's reaction to Robert pretty much cinched it for me. Why not tell her what she looked like?
1195	iheartseverus	2011-04-25	Re-watched it again (yay for HBO Go!) and one bit really, really pleases me the more I see it.  When Summer attacks Bran's would-be assassin and then when Nymeria nails Joff, we never see them coming, we don't see this big dog watching the action from afar and then running to the resue, none of that.  Just, 'Fuck with my Stark kid, BANG, you're down!!  There's no reasoning with the direwolves, no struggling with them or defending against them or trying to run away from them--they're like a powerful force of nature, a lightning strike or a heart attack.  I love it!  Waaaah, I want a direwolf!
1196	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	On the other hand, there is a clear indication that Ned+Wylla=Jon in Ep2 that isn't in the book: NED SAYS SO! He manages to navigate around that one in the books, if I recall correctly.Nope.  That scene was close to the books.<U+0080><U+009C>You were never the boy you were,<U+0080><U+009D> Robert grumbled. <U+0080><U+009C>More<U+0080><U+0099>s the pity. And yet there was that one time . . . what was her name, that common girl of yours? Becca? No, she was one of mine, gods love her, black hair and these sweet big eyes, you could drown in them. Yours was . . . Aleena? No. You told me once. Was it Merryl? You know the one I mean, your bastard<U+0080><U+0099>s mother?<U+0080><U+009D>   <U+0080><U+009C>Her name was Wylla,<U+0080><U+009D> Ned replied with cool courtesy, <U+0080><U+009C>and I would sooner not speak of her.<U+0080><U+009D>   <U+0080><U+009C>Wylla. Yes.<U+0080><U+009D> The king grinned. <U+0080><U+009C>She must have been a rare wench if she could make Lord Eddard Stark forget his honor, even for an hour. You never told me what she looked like . . .<U+0080><U+009D>   Ned<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth tightened in anger. <U+0080><U+009C>Nor will I. Leave it be, Robert, for the love you say you bear me. I dishonored myself and I dishonored Catelyn, in the sight of gods and men.<U+0080><U+009D>Though for HBO eyes become teats.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 25 April 2011 - 11:35 AM.
1197	Trebla	2011-04-25	jack-be-lucky wrote:I agree.  Seeing the scene played out made her far more sympathetic.  I thought Turner's delivery of "Lady is GOOD" nailed it for me.  She wasn't at all soft-spoken, she showed that Stark fire (albeit a little too late).Yeah, I was impressed with that. Sansa showed the backbone she has later in the series. I've been very anti-Sansa since her second betrayal. I've wondered how I would react to Sophie Turner's performance. I've found myself still hating the character but very much liking the actress. Speaking of Sansa, I saw upthread a question on whether GRRM wrote Sansa as a villain. IIRC, GRRM stated that he wrote in Sansa because in his experience not all family members get along. He felt there needed to be friction. Not a villain but she's that one person in the family you love but want to throttle half the time.
1198	Balefont	2011-04-25	Speaking of Sansa, I saw upthread a question on whether GRRM wrote Sansa as a villain. IIRC, GRRM stated that he wrote in Sansa because in his experience not all family members get along. He felt there needed to be friction. Not a villain but she's that one person in the family you love but want to throttle half the time.A perfect role for a teen girl! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1199	GoTreviews	2011-04-25	Telling him, "it should have been you" would not (imho) have translated well to the screenHey ZombieWife! If you have a bit more to say about this, I'd really be interested to hear it. To me (as, it seems, to several viewers here) it was a big loss in the episode (which was, I do agree, better than the first). What makes you think it wouldn't have been appropriate for the screen ?
1200	Social Justice Bass	2011-04-25	A perfect role for a teen girl! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I've found myself liking Sansa more on re-reads. Her stupid actions are understandable, when you consider that she's been entirely sheltered her entire life. She's like what Joffrey would be if he had breasts, brains, and wasn't a psychopath.
1201	thorny throne	2011-04-25	I don't think that 'it should have been you' matters that much. The dislike and reasons for it was established, and frankly - Cat and Jon will never see each other again.
What I was missing, however, is Cat telling Ned Jon can't stay in Winterfel because she won't have him, and really - the whole discussion of who is going (the girls AND Bran - and how she didn't want him to go) and who is staying (Rob+Rickon) was missing, and I think it was important.
1202	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	Yeah, I was impressed with that. Sansa showed the backbone she has later in the series. I've been very anti-Sansa since her second betrayal. I've wondered how I would react to Sophie Turner's performance. I've found myself still hating the character but very much liking the actress. I was sold on Sophie when I heard she'd adopted the dog.  And when I saw photos of her showing that she'd befriended Maisie and Isaac, rather than trying to fit in socially with the grownups playing Robb/Jon/Daenerys/Theon.
1203	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-25	Hey ZombieWife! If you have a bit more to say about this, I'd really be interested to hear it. To me (as, it seems, to several viewers here) it was a big loss in the episode (which was, I do agree, better than the first). What makes you think it wouldn't have been appropriate for the screen ?I missed it at first but when she was like " I want you to leave" it replaced it nicly. Sure it's not nearly as bitchy as "It should have been you" but it gets the point across.
1204	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-25	Hey ZombieWife! If you have a bit more to say about this, I'd really be interested to hear it. To me (as, it seems, to several viewers here) it was a big loss in the episode (which was, I do agree, better than the first). What makes you think it wouldn't have been appropriate for the screen ?I'm not ZombieWife but in my opinion the dislike Cat has for Jon is not really strongly built up (it's kept visible but relatively subtle) and to suddenly jump to a point where she says something like that, and to then have Jon walk off and they never make anything of it again, can be a bit odd.I think they managed to show that Cat does not truly hate Jon himself, she hates what he represents and that Ned brought him to be raised at Winterfell. The line "it should have been you" does not go in line with that (it's extremely personal) so the nuance they showed would perhaps have been lost since they can't spend anymore time explaining a relationship that pretty much ends right after that scene.So I would rather ask the question, what positive thing would that line have brought, other than to please people that like things just because they are directly from the book?
1205	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-25	I was sold on Sophie when I heard she'd adopted the dog.  And when I saw photos of her showing that she'd befriended Maisie and Isaac, rather than trying to fit in socially with the grownups playing Robb/Jon/Daenerys/Theon.I also liked the reports from last years Belfast moot (especially Silver Star's) about how all the kids were very close, almost like siblings.  Although it hard to tell, there is only a year or so between Sophie and Maisie.
1206	Klara85	2011-04-25	Great episode! Finally we could see Hound a bit closer and I've got to say he looks cool. He is nicer than he was in book but I think I like him more like this. 
Sansa was fantastic, she looks beautiful with Lady on leash. 
I also miss Ghost. Maybe they have difficulties in finding white wolf /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> but c'mon...
I also love the breakfast scene. One of my favorite in this episode. 
I didn't enjoy that much scenes with Dothraki. Khal Drogo is fine but Dany rubs me the wrong way.
1207	Jormi_Boced	2011-04-25	I just don't understand how she can ever forgive the Lannisters for killing Lady.
1208	Amae Koromo	2011-04-25	I just don't understand how she can ever forgive the Lannisters for killing Lady.She was supposed to be a member of the family in a few months/years.
1209	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-25	I just don't understand how she can ever forgive the Lannisters for killing Lady.I kind of hope the series will address this because I don't think the book did a very good with it. From the book anyway it seemed she focused on the blame on Arya for starting the whole chain of events because if she hadn't been playing swords with Mycah and behaving like a proper lady should, none of this would have happened. She's probably used to Arya constantly messing things up for her, and it was easier for her to continue that pattern of blaming her sister rather than admit a more frightening reality that she's betrothed to marry into a very cruel family.
1210	Brewmaster	2011-04-25	My thoughts:
It was a better TV show than the first episode, as it should be. And I liked the first one a lot too. With 10 minutes taken up by a prologue scene, probably we are going to get a bit of a rushed feeling first episode every season. The pace is quick, as it has to be to get through the book, but it felt a little slower this time around than last week, which was good.
They are playing up the Dragon eggs very prominently. I realize that they were prominent in the book too, but I think its even more clear here, and earlier on, that they are going to hatch. Nothing wrong with that, just an observation. It wasn't until awhile into the book until I realized the dragons were alive in there while I think I'd know already watching the show.
On the topic of sadness, like others have mentioned the goodbyes were sad knowing that most are forever. I felt bad for Jon's farewell's with Ned and Robb particularly. Actually one of the saddest parts, for me, was just seeing Sansa walking Lady through before she meets Payne and the Hound.
The TV narrative gets the job done. I'm surprised to see such angst over "It should have been you". Bottom line is what Cat said works just fine. It should have been you is kind of a strange thing to say, I though so on first read and it would probably be even stranger without internal monologue. Its already established she doesn't like him, trust him or want him around. I never quite got that it should have been you made any sense. At that point they think he just fell while climbing. Why should Jon have fallen while climbing, when he wasn't climbing or in any danger. I get it...grief stricken mother, not thinking clearly, hates Jon...etc. Still, its just always struck me as out of place. Unlike others, I was actually dreading that line coming, because of how unnatural it seemed to me in the book. I was not only ok with it being cut, but I was glad to see it cut.
So much is taken directly from the book that its great. Loved seeing Summer rip out the throat of the would be stabber. Right down to the shot of the pulse trickling blood out of his throat it was nearly a word for word shot.
My wife is watching the show "blind" having never read the books and I don't explain things to her. I'm just watching her see it untainted by foreknowledge to see how she reacts. So far the TV show seems to do the trick about the same as the book, IMO.
When Cat says "I want you to leave"
My wife says..."what a bitch!"
When Ned is forced to sacrifice Lady, my wife says (to/about Sansa) "Well you shouldn't have lied and your wolf would still be alive"
When Bran's eyes open at the moment Lady dies, my wife says "whoa...spooky"
And she enjoyed Tyrion's slappings of Joffrey as much as any reader of the book would.
1211	Arataniello	2011-04-25	I didn't enjoy that much scenes with Dothraki. Khal Drogo is fine but Dany rubs me the wrong way.She seemed to be rubbing Drogo the RIGHT way  /smileysex.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smileysex:' /> I noticed that they had Dany staring at the dragon eggs as well a couple of times.  The first time, looking at them during her bit of doggy sex with Drogo, it stopped her crying.  The second time, she was just lying there alone, enjoying looking at them.  Both times it was a good way of communicating the comfort she takes in the eggs, which I think is described in the books.
1212	kungtotte	2011-04-25	I kind of hope the series will address this because I don't think the book did a very good with it. From the book anyway it seemed she focused on the blame on Arya for starting the whole chain of events because if she hadn't been playing swords with Mycah and behaving like a proper lady should, none of this would have happened. She's probably used to Arya constantly messing things up for her, and it was easier for her to continue that pattern of blaming her sister rather than admit a more frightening reality that she's betrothed to marry into a very cruel family.The incident at the Trident was her first introduction to the Lannister cruelty, and it was a situation where Nymeria actually did attack Joffrey, so it's not cruelty out of thin air. Even if that smug little stupid deserved to get his face chewed off, Sansa is predisposed to see it as Arya's fault.You'd think she would be more careful about going to the Queen with her problems though...
1213	Valmy	2011-04-25	I've found myself liking Sansa more on re-reads. Her stupid actions are understandable, when you consider that she's been entirely sheltered her entire life. She's like what Joffrey would be if he had breasts, brains, and wasn't a psychopath.And when you are a young person and you become infatuated with somebody you find yourself doing things you would not normally do.  Especially since her career aspiration (to be queen) is also tied up in it.  I can think of many people who would have behaved stupidly.  I was actually sort of impressed she was able to not fall into extreme denial and go full Stockholm for the Lannisters in the end of book 1.  That would have been alot easier then what she ends up doing.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 25 April 2011 - 12:16 PM.
1214	Valmy	2011-04-25	You'd think she would be more careful about going to the Queen with her problems though...Ned and Cat do not brief Sansa and Arya very well considering they think the Queen and her family killed the previous hand.
1215	Kalbear	2011-04-25	Dany's scenes are the notable problem for me as well. I actually like Dany's chapters; she's not my favorite but I don't despise her like many other fans. But the show has her...ugh.
I guess it bothers me that so much of her arc in the show is her being passive. In the books she is the one that decides to tame the Khal. In the books the implication is that she tells Doreah that she wants to learn how to make the Khal hers; in the show Doreah tells her that it's possible and she's all 'wot?' and hesitant to be doing something that isn't The Dothraki Way. She has to be reminded in the show that she's not a slave.
I liked how weak she was, how they showed precisely the 'riding hard during the day, ridden hard at night' part. But without her resolve strengthening and her sores getting better, without her being  the instigator - without her having the dragon dreams that steeled her resolve - she comes off as being very passive. And that is a real shame.
Other than that the episode was better than I really could have hoped. Peter Dinklage's charisma with the kids and the family is incredible and incredibly endearing, and I love how they've chosen to emphasize this aspect of his life. Cat's battle with the assassin was great, though I wish she had thanked Summer and forced him to stay by Bran at all times. Removing the dream was awesome; so much was spoken by him waking when Lady died that a weird-ass dream wasn't needed.
Really though, Arya steals it. She was great in the first ep despite having all of two lines (and they were even the same line - 'where's the imp?'), but having her have dialog is even more amazing. She steals every single scene she's in, and the anger and conflict she has on her face when she puts Joffrey to the sword and he's begging her is better than I ever imagined. It's easy to make Arya a 'cool' character, but it's hard to make her a good one, and Maisie is doing a ridiculously great job forgetting that she's a young actress. I could not be more impressed by her ability and what they've done with her. Though Parris must be pissed having her name be pronounced "aria". Ah well.
1216	kungtotte	2011-04-25	Ned and Cat do not brief Sansa and Arya very well considering they think the Queen and her family killed the previous hand.With good reason. Sansa sang like a canary!
1217	Bronn Stone	2011-04-25	I kind of hope the series will address this because I don't think the book did a very good with it. From the book anyway it seemed she focused on the blame on Arya for starting the whole chain of events because if she hadn't been playing swords with Mycah and behaving like a proper lady should, none of this would have happened. She's probably used to Arya constantly messing things up for her, and it was easier for her to continue that pattern of blaming her sister rather than admit a more frightening reality that she's betrothed to marry into a very cruel family.I thought the books did a great job of saying EXACTLY what you are saying.
1218	Triskan	2011-04-25	Tyrion slapping Joff was incredibly satisfying.
1219	kungtotte	2011-04-25	Tyrion slapping Joff was incredibly satisfying.Yes it was.
1220	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-25	With good reason. Sansa sang like a canary!Well TBH she didn't know what Ned knew.
1221	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-25	I thought the books did a great job of saying EXACTLY what you are saying.Well, let me clarify. I think the book could have done a better job in showing how Sansa was able to forgive the queen. I don't recall her having any positive interactions with Ceresi after that happened and had the book shown that, I think it'd have made her running to the queen to prevent Ned from taking her home make more sense.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 25 April 2011 - 12:30 PM.
1222	PestilencE	2011-04-25	The first episode was vastly superior in my opinion.
The second suffers from inadequate pacing and not very good editing. Some of the scenes definitely should have been rearranged to ensure better flow.
Was anyone else irked by Catelyn openly discussing her suspicions and intents in the presence of Greyjoy? Basically, this whole little meeting in the Godswood sat kinda odd with me...
1223	Ser Greguh	2011-04-25	"It should have been you" is the single weakest line of the first book and I'm ecstatic that it was removed.
1224	alguien	2011-04-25	Dany's scenes are the notable problem for me as well. I actually like Dany's chapters; she's not my favorite but I don't despise her like many other fans. But the show has her...ugh.Interesting. My roommate's girlfriend, who's never read the books, cheered "You go, girl!" during the scene where Dany sort of "takes control" in the bedroom.  I liked how they showed she'd learned their language. I can see why they chose to film it this way. I think that kind of nuance that occurs would be pretty hard to translate to the screen without devoting a lot more time to Dany, but since every character only has a limited amount of time each episode... While its not perfect, I give them credit. It could have been way worse.  They tried to stay true to the spirit of the thing which is admirable.
1225	Upjumped	2011-04-25	Was anyone else irked by Catelyn openly discussing her suspicions and intents in the presence of Greyjoy? Basically, this whole little meeting in the Godswood sat kinda odd with me...I wasn't really bothered by the open discussion with Greyjoy there, although it's a good point.  What bothers me more is the fact that Theon has now been in two episodes with spoken lines and everything and there has been no mention of exactly who he is.  I know the show is already overburdened with exposition, but it must be very confusing for a new viewer when there's this other dude just hanging around Robb poking his nose into everything with no other discernable role.
1226	howland_reed	2011-04-25	My friend brought up a point that I'm sure several other non-readers were confused by.
He didn't understand why Catelyn and some of the other Stark children remained up North, while the two girls went to the capital.  Well, he understood why Sansa would, but didn't get why the parents would send off the youngest daughter too, especially when they know of the dangers and backstabbings from Jon Arryn's letter.  I basically had to fill in the details for him, in that it was urged that the parents send the daughters to King's Landing to get a better sense of court life, since both would likely be married off, and that Robb/Catelyn had to stay in Winterfell cause there always needed to be a Stark running Winterfell (and Robb was also only 13 in the books, so Catelyn stayed behind as the only adult)
The show didn't even gloss over why Arya was leaving, or why Catelyn/Robb had to stay behind.  Pretty trivial detail...just found it interesting how there are gaps in the storytelling that we take for granted, since we've read the book.
1227	Kalbear	2011-04-25	While its not perfect, I give them credit. It could have been way worse. They tried to stay true to the spirit of the thing which is admirable.The other problem I have with it is that we don't get Dany getting better as a Dothraki, only as a lover. Her lovemaking was the culmination of her mastery of the situation; here, it's just the start. Hopefully we'll see her getting stronger in the saddle and more used to the ride, instead of just riding Drogo.
1228	Volderon	2011-04-25	It's funny because the people that have watched the show with me think Theon is another Stark bastard. Not a good decision by the writers...
1229	alguien	2011-04-25	The other problem I have with it is that we don't get Dany getting better as a Dothraki, only as a lover. Her lovemaking was the culmination of her mastery of the situation; here, it's just the start. Hopefully we'll see her getting stronger in the saddle and more used to the ride, instead of just riding Drogo.I hope so as well. I noticed they were bandaging her hand and wondered if it was in lieu of being unable or unwilling to show saddle sores.  I'll be very curious to see how the confrontation with her and Viserys is depicted.
1230	Brewmaster	2011-04-25	It's funny because the people that have watched the show with me think Theon is another Stark bastard. Not a good decision by the writers...Maybe not a bad decision either.Imagine season 2 and 3. If Theon is thought of along the same lines as Jon, Cat's flip out about Robb wanting to legitimize Jon and the argument about why such a thing could be a bad idea takes on a lot more weight.Now, Theon will get explained at some point, I've no doubt, but if he's thought of similar to Jon at this point I don't think its a problem. He'll get explained in due time.
1231	KhalHodor	2011-04-25	Really enjoyed the episode, but am skeptical of adding another Cersei birth.
ASoIaF is a huge, but intricate machine.  Changing a such a major gear could cause a real problem if HBO goes the full distance.  I wish them luck, but wish they had left that alone.
KH.
1232	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	Hey ZombieWife! If you have a bit more to say about this, I'd really be interested to hear it. To me (as, it seems, to several viewers here) it was a big loss in the episode (which was, I do agree, better than the first). What makes you think it wouldn't have been appropriate for the screen ?I felt that Fairley's performance was so spot on (in that I could read that from her w/o her uttering a word) that saying it would have been overwrought and a bit too melodramatic for me.  A parent who grieves for the (potential) death of a child can make them say terrible things, but, I think that Catelyn being who she is, well, even in her situation (grief-stricken) she manages to maintain some dignity.  I didn't need her to say, "It should have been you."  I read it in the Fairley's eyes.  I'm a fan of allowing a reader (or in this case a viewer) to fill in the blanks of what Catelyn might be thinking.  I don't want it all spelled out for me all the time.  I guess as a viewer, it makes me feel like I'm in on some secret, you know?  And that by making things obvious takes away some of that viewer/movie connection (and mystery).  It's just a preference!  I know others may want it another way, but I thought it was beautifully done.
1233	Social Justice Bass	2011-04-25	You know what I loved the most about this episode? The interactions among the Lannisters. The Lannister children at the table, Tyrion sawing Joffrey's ass off for his stupidity and thoughtlessness, Tyrion making his brother and sister squirm with his questioning - the list goes on. 
More Lannister scenes, please.
1234	ZombieWife	2011-04-25	I'm not ZombieWife but in my opinion the dislike Cat has for Jon is not really strongly built up (it's kept visible but relatively subtle) and to suddenly jump to a point where she says something like that, and to then have Jon walk off and they never make anything of it again, can be a bit odd.I think they managed to show that Cat does not truly hate Jon himself, she hates what he represents and that Ned brought him to be raised at Winterfell. The line "it should have been you" does not go in line with that (it's extremely personal) so the nuance they showed would perhaps have been lost since they can't spend anymore time explaining a relationship that pretty much ends right after that scene.So I would rather ask the question, what positive thing would that line have brought, other than to please people that like things just because they are directly from the book?The build up was more subtle, I agree, but she nails it on the head when she tells Ned (a few seconds after Jon leaves) that he rode away with Robert 17 years ago and a year later returned with another woman's child.  I thought the timing was perfect.  I guess I think Fairley's icy cold stares at Jon are loud enough.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I think she's brilliant!
1235	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-25	I'm not sure knowing the 'names' of the various characters is that important, certainly not at this stage.
I remember midway through the first season of the wire I was totally hooked, and there was still half a dozen characters whose names I couldn't give you (I just never picked it up), but the characterization was there, and I still knew 'who' the character was and their role in things, etc etc. If the show can do this with someone like Theon until it actually becomes important to know who he is (arrogant, sleazy guy who hangs out with Stark), thats perfectly fine.
Same with Sandor, Barristan, and others.
1236	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	Really enjoyed the episode, but am skeptical of adding another Cersei birth.ASoIaF is a huge, but intricate machine.  Changing a such a major gear could cause a real problem if HBO goes the full distance.  I wish them luck, but wish they had left that alone.KH.I don't believe this is a major gear shift.  The "black haired beauty" line plants the seed in the audience that none of Cersei's surviving children look like Robert.  My thought is that later on in the series it will be revealed that she actually killed the baby herself (a la taking moon tea for her unborn children by Robert in the book).
1237	Valmy	2011-04-25	With good reason. Sansa sang like a canary!No she didn't.  But anyway:I do not mean tell the whole story but let them know of the danger.  Besides all Sansa was told was that they were leaving and she went to tell Cersei and Joff goodbye.  Later Cersei says she told her everything because she wanted to sound clever and not tell Tyrion that actually Ned had told her what he knew earlier.  Sansa'a actions are only concievable anyway because she had no idea Cersei was an enemy of her family.  When she realized that she withdrew into her fortress of courtesy.Besides, if it was too dangerous to have Sansa there entirely...well she should have been sent home which is what I would have done with both Arya and Sansa after the event at the Trident if I were Ned.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 25 April 2011 - 01:10 PM.
1238	Ser Aardvark	2011-04-25	Line of the night was watching the Drogo sex scene where Dany switches things up. His face changes and it's obvious he's happy and my friend, who hasn't read the books, says in a barbarian voice..."Khal FEEL something!" I loled.
My first thought here was that people would be aflame about the changes (no "it should have been you" the addition of Ned talking to Jon about his mother, one or two more I'm forgetting) but I'm happy to see that people are accepting the change. I wasn't sure wha thtey were going to do with Dany/Drogo but they seem to heading off in the right direction with that storyline which is impressive b/c I would be stumped on what to do there as a TV writer.
Overall, great episode.
1239	evanesco75	2011-04-25	LOL at the "Khal FEEL good' line.
1240	Nine of Spades	2011-04-25	It's funny because the people that have watched the show with me think Theon is another Stark bastard. Not a good decision by the writers...The problem I think they are faced with is that Theon hasn't had a chance to be properly introduced, and who he is is genuinely unimportant at this stage. Its not until Robb rides to war that who Theon is starts to even matter. So, its important he be in the picture, but its not important that the audience knows who he is, so we have that just sort of hung out there.
1241	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-25	When I read the book the first time, I didn't have a clue who Theon was until I started reading the second book. I know it's mentioned somewhere in the first book, but it was one of the many details I wasn't able to keep track of on my first reading. Anyway, I'm sure the it'll be cleared up who Theon is later on; it shouldn't impact viewers' ability to enjoy the show. 
I do find it odd that Theon was included in the Godswood scene, but I liked how he so confidently pledged his people's help. That made me smirk knowing just how much "help" Theon and his people are going to be.
1242	Valmy	2011-04-25	When I read the book the first time, I didn't have a clue who Theon was until I started reading the second book. I know it's mentioned somewhere in the first book, but it was one of the many details I wasn't able to keep track of on my first reading. Anyway, I'm sure the it'll be cleared up who Theon is later on; it shouldn't impact viewers' ability to enjoy the show. I do find it odd that Theon was included in the Godswood scene, but I liked how he so confidently pledged his people's help. That made me smirk knowing just how much "help" Theon and his people are going to be.I think that is great actually.  I also missed Theon as being important at all when I read GoT, he was just another of the endless names of nobles.  But when you read it again you suddenly start to notice things about him.  I hope that is what they are aiming for in the TV series as well.  But yeah they at least need to say his name a couple times.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 25 April 2011 - 01:42 PM.
1243	Maia	2011-04-25	I think the only way this will effectively work is Cersei later admits that the child didn't die of fever, but because she killed it.Come on, Cersei wouldn't have killed her own child after risking her life in pregnancy and childbirth. In the book she just didn't want to go through it all for the sake of Robert's kid, since she already hated Robert. I assume that in the show they'll have Cersei give Robert the benefit of doubt for a bit longer  than in the books, that's all. Hence, a common kid that died. I am relived that they seem to be taking out the genealogy book, because Ned basing his accusation on it was just stupid, there were 5 or so generations and one Targaryen princess between people mentioned there and Robert. Cersei's dead kid + Gendry + Barra will make the same point much more plausibly, IMHO.And yes, Tyrion did think in ACoK that at least one kid of Robert's would have deflected suspicion. But he was speaking about a live kid, IIRC. A long-dead baby and after him a string of blonds wouldn't have quite the same effect.
1244	Underfoot	2011-04-25	I didn't feel like wading through 23 pages to see if someone had mentioned this or not, but did anyone else think the little crease (scar?) on Bran's forehead right before he woke up represented his third eye?
ETA: spelling error
					
					
							Edited by Underfoot, 25 April 2011 - 01:46 PM.
1245	Volderon	2011-04-25	Exactly, he needs a name...JORY even has a name! Theon is a bigger role than him...
1246	Maia	2011-04-25	I think the only way this will effectively work is Cersei later admits that the child didn't die of fever, but because she killed it.Come on, Cersei wouldn't have killed her own child after risking her life in pregnancy and childbirth. In the book she just didn't want to go through it all for the sake of Robert's kid, since she already hated Robert. I assume that in the show they'll have Cersei give Robert the benefit of doubt for a bit longer  than in the books, that's all. Hence, a common kid that died. I am relived that they seem to be taking out the genealogy book, because Ned basing his accusation on it was just stupid, there were 5 or so generations and one Targaryen princess between people mentioned there and Robert. Cersei's dead kid + Gendry + Barra will make the same point much more plausibly, IMHO.And yes, Tyrion did think in ACoK that at least one kid of Robert's would have deflected suspicion. But he was speaking about a live kid, IIRC. A long-dead baby and after him a string of blonds wouldn't have quite the same effect.
1247	Berglad	2011-04-25	I thought it was fantastic and more engaging than the pilot.
I've been re-reading aGoT lately and it was fun to see Tyrion order the same breakfast word for word as in the book, a nice touch that they'd devote a few seconds of screentime to that.  I bet GRRM got a kick out of it.  
Particularly good were Tyrion (I don't see where Mo Ryan's coming from here, he's pretty much perfect for me), Arya, the attempt on Bran's life which was executed better than I expected, and all of the Kingsroad stuff near the end, especially the showdown with Robert and Cersei.  Sean Bean's bitter, delayed delivery of "Your Grace..." as Robert walks away was great.  
The show looks amazing in HD, also.  
If the few somewhat-lukewarm reviewers thought this was the weakest ep of the first six I can't wait for the rest!
1248	Abaddon	2011-04-25	Exactly, he needs a name...JORY even has a name! Theon is a bigger role than him...Jory won't be around very long.  It's pretty important that the audience can connect with the character to make his death at the hands of the Lannisters more shocking and meaningful, and underscore how devastating it is to Ned.  There's plenty of time to introduce Theon to the audience, in contrast.
1249	Abaddon	2011-04-25	Particularly good were Tyrion (I don't see where Mo Ryan's coming from here, he's pretty much perfect for me)One hundred percent agree.  I feel sorry for her as a fan of the series, as Tyrion is obviously a favorite character of hers, and Dinklage is clearly not doing it for her.  I think that's just a personal taste issue; luckily, I am not suffering the same way, I think he's nailing Tyrion in this episode beautifully.I think the accent choice was made partly because he doesn't have a great English accent, partly because it fits the idea of Tyrion being an actor in his own life, who constantly has to use his "whit" and "chaaarm" (LOL) to overcome the obvious challenges he faces due to his stature.  But for me, it works.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 25 April 2011 - 02:01 PM.
1250	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-25	The show looks amazing in HD, also.  Hear, hear.
1251	chris.t.	2011-04-25	Am I the only one who never really thought the, "It should have been you," line felt right?  It always felt to me like Martin wanted Cat to say something horribly nasty, but couldn't come up with anything better.  It never quite made any sense to me that she would say those words.  
I liked Theon going from, "I only take orders from your father," in episode one to, "Sure thing, Robb, whatever you say," in episode two.  Certainly shows him to figure our which way the wind is blowing and then go in that direction.  Now, if they'd only let viewers know what his name is.
Dinklage as Tyrion continues to steal the show.  And the actor playing Jaime has his character absolutely nailed.  Love it.  The actor playing Mormont is excellent as well.  I know the casting choice for Cat was last minute and somewhat controversial, but I've come to love it.  Michelle Fairley is Catelyn for me now.
Looking forward to Drogo doing something other than Dany.
1252	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-25	I don't have HD, but I'm so seriously considering a Blu-Ray player for when the DVDs come out. That way when I rewatch the show on it, I won't just be watching what I've already seen, but I'll be able to experience the HD goodness.Am I the only one who never really thought the, "It should have been you," line felt right?  It always felt to me like Martin wanted Cat to say something horribly nasty, but couldn't come up with anything better.  It never quite made any sense to me that she would say those words.  Nope, you're not alone. I thought the line sounded a bit weird in the books. It would have made more sense if perhaps Jon had a love of climbing when he was younger, and therefore she blamed Jon because Bran started copying him. As that clearly wasn't the case in the book though, I thought it was not only weird but unnecessarily over the top. I just chalked it up to Catelyn grieving and not being able to think straight when I read it, but I think this is one of those cases where I prefer the adaption over the book (I know blasphemy! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />).
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 25 April 2011 - 02:08 PM.
1253	Cereal Forel	2011-04-25	I didn't feel like wading through 23 pages to see if someone had mentioned this or not, but did anyone else think the little crease (scar?) on Bran's forehead right before he woke up represented his third eye?ETA: spelling errorno
1254	Kat	2011-04-25	This thread is getting too long. Continuation thread here.
1255	TheEvilKing	2011-04-18	Hey gang. Episode 2 preview all up in here.Cannot wait to see Joffrey crying like a bitch after getting owned by a little girl.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
1256	DragonAge93	2011-04-18	Wow, looks like a lot of things are happening next week. I look forward to seeing Jon Snow on the Wall and Ned making it to the "rat's nest" King's Landing. And it seems we're already seeing Lady meet her fate. Poor direwolf. That was a sad scene in the book.
1257	Cyclone49	2011-04-18	That looks great. I love Benjen's delivery of "Welcome".
Although, what's with Theon's sudden blond hair? Don't think the Ironborn would approve of that...
1258	Valmy	2011-04-18	Although, what's with Theon's sudden blond hair? Don't think the Ironborn would approve of that...Yeah the Ironborn are First Men, they shouldn't look like prissy Andals.
1259	juicy b0nes	2011-04-18	The HBO Canada site doesn't appear to have the preview up yet, so just go to the US one if you're from Canada.
1260	Huan	2011-04-18	Hey gang. Episode 2 preview all up in here.Cannot wait to see Joffrey crying like a bitch after getting owned by a little girl.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />Joffrey pleading on the ground looks excellent so far...
1261	ingsve	2011-04-18	Joffrey pleading on the ground looks excellent so far...Ya, I'm really looking forward to seeing Nymeria in action there.
1262	Sherrit	2011-04-18	There's this one quick shot with Sansa turning around to see the Hound, and a voice says "I'll kill you for what you did." I really doubt this is Sansa.
Arya, perhaps? Do you think they would add a quick scene or part with Arya/Hound to give them some more history?
1263	Huan	2011-04-18	There's this one quick shot with Sansa turning around to see the Hound, and a voice says "I'll kill you for what you did." I really doubt this is Sansa.Arya, perhaps? Do you think they would add a quick scene or part with Arya/Hound to give them some more history?Pretty certain it would be Arya. I had thought maybe she was saying it to Sansa for lying, but that's an interesting idea she'd say it to the Hound.
1264	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-18	There's this one quick shot with Sansa turning around to see the Hound, and a voice says "I'll kill you for what you did." I really doubt this is Sansa.Arya, perhaps? Do you think they would add a quick scene or part with Arya/Hound to give them some more history?It shows Sansa, but the voice laid over that shot isn't Sansa.  Previews do this quite a bit, overlaying dialogue with out of context video to give one impression, when really something else is happening.
1265	Kit	2011-04-18	Wow, that is going to be an action-packed episode. Wall fun (probably not Sam yet by this time, I'm guessing? although maybe) and the insanity of Micah-Arya-Joffrey-Sansa-Nymeria-Lady. Poor Lady  /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> 
That said, I am looking forward to seeing how well Joffrey works in that commotion; it is, of course, crucial character-building for him (first episode didn't really hit on any scumbaggery) as well as for Sansa and Arya. And seeing what HBO's impression of Cat does after Bran's fall (does she come more in line with book Cat?) will be interesting.
1266	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	It just hit me that Lady is the first fatality of substance (not to dismiss the grief of Will, Gared and Waymar's mums of course) in the story. It's all down hill from there.
1267	TheEvilKing	2011-04-18	There's this one quick shot with Sansa turning around to see the Hound, and a voice says "I'll kill you for what you did." I really doubt this is Sansa.Arya, perhaps? Do you think they would add a quick scene or part with Arya/Hound to give them some more history?Missed this line the first time. Gotta be Arya. And it'll be some very nice foreshadowing for her character. She ain't joking.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1268	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-19	I wonder if they'll give show Cat the line "it should have been you" at jon. 
I'm not sure if this is just me prematurly hating show joffrey, but he did come off as a jerk when they showed him.
1269	Greywolf2375	2011-04-19	I wonder if they'll give show Cat the line "it should have been you" at jon. I'm not sure if this is just me prematurly hating show joffrey, but he did come off as a jerk when they showed him.don't really think there is anything such as "premature Joffrey hate"...it's all pretty much on time.
1270	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-19	Missed this line the first time. Gotta be Arya. And it'll be some very nice foreshadowing for her character. She ain't joking.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Technically she is. 
	Spoiler She didn't kill the Hound, she just left him to die of wounds inflicted at the inn. Plus, a lot of people (myself included) think that while "The Hound" is dead, Sandor Clegane is still alive living as a penitent monk at that island monastery near Saltflats
1271	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	I wonder if they'll give show Cat the line "it should have been you" at jon. TV spoiler:
	Spoiler Someone here who's seen the episode (I forget who) revealed that she does not in fact utter that line, although the scene's tone and most of the dialogue remain unchanged.
1272	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	It just hit me that Lady is the first fatality of substance (not to dismiss the grief of Will, Gared and Waymar's mums of course) in the story. It's all down hill from there.
	Spoiler Don't forget Micah!  And the bandit hired to kill Bran!
/being a nitpicky douche
1273	Chairman7w	2011-04-19	Whoa, whoa, whoa....  Just saw the HBO Preview for episode 2, and at the :12 second mark, Robb CLEARLY says in reference to the Bran incident, "MURDER my brother..."   Uhhhh, PLEASE tell me they didn't change THAT aspect!
1274	Abaddon	2011-04-19	(TRIED TO) "MURDER my brother".  Probably clever editing, all in the name of building drama for those who haven't read the book.
Plus, in the book at least, there's a period of time where Bran is alive but it appears likely he will die.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 19 April 2011 - 03:37 PM.
1275	Daenerys	2011-04-19	And it seems we're already seeing Lady meet her fate. Poor direwolf. That was a sad scene in the book.Yeah. Although for me the even sadder scene was when Arya had to chase Nymeria away by throwing rocks and yelling at her. For some reason that was even more heartbreaking to me. Even though in the book it's all described later by Arya instead of "shown", I'm hoping they show the scene on tv.
1276	ohmahgaw	2011-04-19	The clip with Dany was weird. I don't remember her like, getting wild and crazy with her maid, I seem to remember it was more like something her maid did to her without much passion involved, and I seem to remember her telling her maid to never do that again at one point. Maybe I'm wrong idk, someone remind me.
1277	Kalbear	2011-04-19	The clip with Dany was weird. I don't remember her like, getting wild and crazy with her maid, I seem to remember it was more like something her maid did to her without much passion involved, and I seem to remember her telling her maid to never do that again at one point. Maybe I'm wrong idk, someone remind me.You're wrong; she does things a couple times.
1278	ohmahgaw	2011-04-19	You're wrong; she does things a couple times.In the first book? All I remember is her maid doing stuff to her with her not eagerly participating in anything. And honestly I don't really even remember that happening until after her husband dies, but maybe I'm remembering wrong.
1279	Fiddler	2011-04-19	In the first book? All I remember is her maid doing stuff to her with her not eagerly participating in anything. And honestly I don't really even remember that happening until after her husband dies, but maybe I'm remembering wrong.In the book doesnt' she do "things" with her maid and then ask for lessons on how to "please" drogo?
1280	TheEvilKing	2011-04-19	Technically she is. 
	Spoiler She didn't kill the Hound, she just left him to die of wounds inflicted at the inn. Plus, a lot of people (myself included) think that while "The Hound" is dead, Sandor Clegane is still alive living as a penitent monk at that island monastery near Saltflats
I don't think she's saying it to the Hound. More likely to Joff or Sansa.
1281	Maltaran	2011-04-20	In the book doesnt' she do "things" with her maid and then ask for lessons on how to "please" drogo?Never on screen, the only hint is that Viserys gives her the three maids, one to teach her how to ride, one to teach her the Dothraki language, and the third to train her in "the womanly arts of love".
1282	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-20	I'm kind of anxious about this episode. Some of the reviews I've read indicate it's one of the weaker ones of this season. Hopefully it'll be good enough not turn away too many viewers who were still on the fence as to whether or not to keep watching.
1283	Son of Thunder	2011-04-20	Never on screen, the only hint is that Viserys gives her the three maids, one to teach her how to ride, one to teach her the Dothraki language, and the third to train her in "the womanly arts of love".Given what HBO did with the first episode, I guess we're in for a detailed viewing of the training.
1284	Volderon	2011-04-20	Who cares if we're in for a detailed viewing of the training, I find it hilarious we have a thread for "Nudity in GOT" but not one for "Violence in GOT."
But it's what you can expect from our culture these days right?
Anyways, I for one am happy to see the second episode, seeing the 15 minute preview and all the spoilers for the first episode made it not so special, so I'm completely unspoiled for this episode and I love it!
1285	CryFenril	2011-04-21	Iirc, the passage in question says that Doreah comes to dinner with Dany, says "You honor me", and then the comment is made that it was not honor, only service. There is no detail given. So we're left to our own imaginations in the books. Looks like we won't be imagining things in the scene!
1286	CryFenril	2011-04-21	Similar over-dub with the "I want you to leave!" vocalization during the Cat/Cersei clip, perhaps? 
I can't imagine Cat saying that to the queen, but I could imagine her saying it to, oh, I dunno... Jon Snow?
1287	Aoife	2011-04-21	Given the situation when the two women are talking, I actually don't find it difficult to believe that Cat would say that to Cersei. Especially if Cersei's being "tactful" or "helpful". It'll be interesting to see where it actually comes up, though - certainly the line about being thrown from the tower is also changed around depending on preview, so it'll be good to hear all of these in their intended contexts.
1288	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	That looks great. I love Benjen's delivery of "Welcome".Although, what's with Theon's sudden blond hair? Don't think the Ironborn would approve of that...I know this site is well established but not everyone has read all the books. I keep seeing this name Theon come up and I have no clue who he is and I dont want to know anything about him.....
1289	Kalbear	2011-04-21	Theon come up and I have no clue who he is and I dont want to know anything about him.....You've already met Theon; he was the one who held Ned's scabbard as he kills the deserter, who was about to kill the pups with a knife, and was with Jon and Robb getting shaved and talking smack about the queen.
1290	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	You've already met Theon; he was the one who held Ned's scabbard as he kills the deserter, who was about to kill the pups with a knife, and was with Jon and Robb getting shaved and talking smack about the queen.ah ha....while reading, it's been tough for me to form connections or visualizations of characters who had no chapters. It took me a while to remember who the Kingslayer was and not confuse him with that of the King or some other random knight or lord.....
1291	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-21	WIC has posted 2 preview clips. Looks good.
1292	El Duderino	2011-04-21	There's this one quick shot with Sansa turning around to see the Hound, and a voice says "I'll kill you for what you did." I really doubt this is Sansa.Arya, perhaps? Do you think they would add a quick scene or part with Arya/Hound to give them some more history?Like others have pointed out, it's actually Arya dubbed over a shot of Sansa, but if you listen closely she's saying "They'll kill you for what you did," likely directed to Nymeria trying chase her off after attacking Joffery
					
					
							Edited by El Duderino, 21 April 2011 - 06:11 PM.
1293	axels15	2011-04-21	I'm worried that Lady being executed and Nymeria being forced away will mean less, because the wolves had such a small role in the first episode...
1294	guyminuslife	2011-04-21	I know this site is well established but not everyone has read all the books. I keep seeing this name Theon come up and I have no clue who he is and I dont want to know anything about him.....This thread is clearly marked as containing spoilers.
1295	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-22	Yep you'll definitely want to avoid any threads like this one with [Book Spoilers] on them! I'm really glad I've read the books before this show though. It'd be hard for me to keep away from these forums and sites, so my chances of being spoiled would be huge. I admire Ran for doing what he can to help people participate before they've finished reading though. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 22 April 2011 - 01:28 AM.
1296	Civfan	2011-04-22	I hope they show the scene of Jory(right?) and Arya throwing rocks.  It'd be so sad... but with the lack of POV constraints that's a scene we're "allowed" to see now, right?  
I want to see Shaggydog in this episode.  It sounds like we're gonna have a lot of Summer, Nymeria and Lady though so maybe we won't get much of the others.  
Theon's appearance kind of makes me sad.  He's supposed to have dark hair, and it's not like dye is hard to do.  The actor seems good for the role, though.
1297	TrueMetis	2011-04-22	But it's what you can expect from our culture these days right?You really want to learn about our culture? Play God of War, shit ton of violence with a bit of nudity. Any more than the virtual tits would have lead to a AO rating, while it would have taken an earth shattering amount of violence to get the same rating.
1298	Maltaran	2011-04-22	WIC has posted 2 preview clips. Looks good.In the Jon/Jaime clip, is that Needle that the smith is making?
1299	Ran	2011-04-22	That is indeed Needle. And that's Mikken! Played by Boyd Rankin, one of the armory team (who made all the weapons for the series), and a friend to the BwB, which is pretty cool.  He joked that they really cast his leather work apron, which he's had for for many years.
1300	DragonAge93	2011-04-22	The two new clips are making me so anxious for Sunday to come. I like the Jon and Jaime showdown, even if it isn't in the books. Like many said, it's like a "deleted scene" from the book. And the Daenerys clip is pretty interesting, because I think that is exactly how it is in the book. Sunday, please come faster?
1301	Kaitscralt	2011-04-22	I can't wait. The Hound certainly looks better in the preview.
Can someone link to the second preview? Edit: Nevermind. Found it.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 22 April 2011 - 10:32 AM.
1302	Shockmesane	2011-04-22	I'm gonna go ahead and echo the concerns that because we saw so little of the Direwolves, it's going to be emotionally a little underwhelming when the Nymeria/Lady scenes occur. Of course with the attempt on Bran's life and Summer saving him, maybe the importance of the children having the wolves will be underscored.
1303	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-22	Theon's appearance kind of makes me sad.  He's supposed to have dark hair, and it's not like dye is hard to do.  The actor seems good for the role, though.I'm confused. I thought his hair was dark in the first episode? Did I get confused about who he was? If I did, that's rather embarrassing for someone who has read the books more than once. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
1304	Kaitscralt	2011-04-22	I think downplaying the direwolves is a necessity in the show. We have no guarantees that the same dogs will be available if this show has a five year running -- not to mention training. I'd rather have less direwolves than cheesy scenes of a dog "attacking" someone. Plus, there are plenty of emotional scenes to be shot where the presence of a random dog will take away much of what you are supposed to be feeling, whereas in the book it is easy to not mention them.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 22 April 2011 - 12:59 PM.
1305	Shockmesane	2011-04-22	I think downplaying the direwolves is a necessity in the show. We have no guarantees that the same dogs will be available if this show has a five year running -- not to mention training. I'd rather have less direwolves than cheesy scenes of a dog "attacking" someone. Plus, there are plenty of emotional scenes to be shot where the presence of a random dog will take away much of what you are supposed to be feeling, whereas in the book it is easy to not mention them.Oh, I think you are right about the cheesy factor. Also, the Direwolves are simply going to have to be CGI at some point, and that presents a lot of cheesy problems of its own. My biggest fear for the season is that the last episode will be ruined with lame looking dragons during Dany's final chapter. Still, I think that the Stark children being meant to have those Direwolves is a semi-important plot point, as evidenced by Arya's losing Nymeria and Lady's death. Whereas Jon, Bran and Rickon all keep their wolves. Robb's obviously goes with him so that's a bit of a moot point.
1306	Manakhkubar	2011-04-22	Oh, I think you are right about the cheesy factor. Also, the Direwolves are simply going to have to be CGI at some point, and that presents a lot of cheesy problems of its own. My biggest fear for the season is that the last episode will be ruined with lame looking dragons during Dany's final chapter.Well, dragons are actually easier to be CGI'ed than the wolves: humans don't have movement and expression patterns of dragons deeply embedded into our brains (as opposed to those of wolves), dragons fly and fast and can therefore be both more distant and more "blurry". That, of course, isn't an issue in the first season, the easiest move would be to go for non-cgi'ed puppets.
1307	Regina	2011-04-22	All I know is that I'm going to need to have kleenex ready for any scenes with Lady or Nymeria.
1308	Kaitscralt	2011-04-22	All I know is that I'm going to need to have kleenex ready for any scenes with Lady or Nymeria.You mean the direwolves we've never seen? I guess in the sense that 'any pet dying in film is usually sad since the animal has no understanding of what is going on or control of the situation' it will be sad, but definitely not like the book. Not that I mind much.
1309	PhoenixFlame	2011-04-22	Teehee, I'm expecting a call from my dad about Lady's death. He's heard me yaking about the books for years but hasn't read them. He really liked the first episode though. Apparently my stepmom, who hasn't even heard of the books and generally dislikes fantasy, thought the first episode was really good. "What the fuck he just gets pushed?!" Though I'm waiting for her reaction to Bran's surviving.
1310	Daenerys	2011-04-22	There's a mistake in HBO's description text (that they send to, for example, TiVo). It says "Ned leaves Westeros with his daughters" which caused me to freak out. Because I hadn't read the book for a number of years, I was all "What the hell! He left Westeros? Where? Did he go to Pentos, or...?" and I just couldn't possibly remember anything about him going across the ocean. And of course then I realized it should read "Winterfell", not "Westeros".
The also kind of ruin the cliffhanger at the end of Ep.1: "Bran's fate remains in doubt." Thanks, HBO!
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 22 April 2011 - 11:27 PM.
1311	NW Deserter	2011-04-23	The preview clip of Dany with her handmaidens made me VERY happy. That conversation was basically line-for-line from the books, from the "It is known." being repeated to the moon being an egg.
The Jon/Jaime exchange is an interesting addition, but I like it.
1312	Aelinor Keath	2011-04-23	I'm confused. I thought his hair was dark in the first episode? Did I get confused about who he was? If I did, that's rather embarrassing for someone who has read the books more than once. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />It looks like they changed theon's hair during filming. Maybe the wig wasn't working, or they wanted to give the viewers a subconscious clue, like blond teenage guy = face punch.  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1313	CryFenril	2011-04-23	Seems to me that they have Jaime taking the part of Tyrion in the discussion about the Wall - maybe to keep Ghost from becoming an issue, since the pups are still so little? Takes a much longer scene and chops it down into a shorter one. But still gets the point across - the Wall is teeming with badduns, and the Lannisters are arrogant SoBs.
					
					
							Edited by CryFenril, 23 April 2011 - 11:14 PM.
1314	TheEvilKing	2011-04-24	Seems to me that they have Jaime taking the part of Tyrion in the discussion about the Wall - maybe to keep Ghost from becoming an issue, since the pups are still so little? Takes a much longer scene and chops it down into a shorter one. But still gets the point across - the Wall is teeming with badduns, and the Lannisters are arrogant SoBs.Don't think so - there's a scene we've been shown clips of with Tyrion talking about the crimes Jon's fellow recruits have committed.I think that scene is just to show Jaime being a dick. And maybe also to increase the Stark/Lannister rivalry a little more. Though I personally think a scene with Jaime and Robb would perhaps be more effective, since Jon is on his way out of politics.
1315	DemiNymph	2011-04-24	How many hours more to the show?
1316	CryFenril	2011-04-24	Don't think so - there's a scene we've been shown clips of with Tyrion talking about the crimes Jon's fellow recruits have committed.I think that scene is just to show Jaime being a dick. And maybe also to increase the Stark/Lannister rivalry a little more. Though I personally think a scene with Jaime and Robb would perhaps be more effective, since Jon is on his way out of politics.Oh I have no doubt we'll see tons of Jon and Tyrion - I just see some of the stuff that came out between them coming out now, without the need for a direwolf jumping in and "protecting" Jon. I wonder if this is engineered to make Jaime more of a bad guy, and Tyrion more sympathetic...
1317	Eddard house stark	2011-04-24	Ok is it me or are the direwolfs gonna have to age real quickly to 
A- attack Joffrey
B- save cat and bran
The first episode they are so small they would be easy as pie to dismiss
1318	israfel070	2011-04-24	I don't think she's saying it to the Hound. More likely to Joff or Sansa.Sansa, I believe. She threatens her sister, then Ned sits her down to have the talk about the danger of KL and how the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.I always thought it was funny that he never even addressed Sansa's betrayal of her sister. If he had straightened that out at this point, he may have prevented her from turning HIM over to Cersei in the future. Assuming she's even capable of loyalty-based thinking of that kind.
1319	Volderon	2011-04-24	It's so funny how you can read through the books and let it slip your mind that Sansa really sort of killed her father. It just slips your mind :-p.
					
					
							Edited by TerraPrime, 24 April 2011 - 05:32 PM.
1320	israfel070	2011-04-24	Ok is it me or are the direwolfs gonna have to age real quickly to A- attack JoffreyB- save cat and branThe first episode they are so small they would be easy as pie to dismissIn the making of, "Summer" looked like a young adult dog (1-2 years) in that scene
1321	TerraPrime	2011-04-24	[mod hat]
Let's keep our discussion to our board, and let other internet forums behave as they would. It gains nobody anything to disparage other internet forums out there. 
Thank you. 
[/mod hat]
1322	CryFenril	2011-04-25	Similar over-dub with the "I want you to leave!" vocalization during the Cat/Cersei clip, perhaps? I can't imagine Cat saying that to the queen, but I could imagine her saying it to, oh, I dunno... Jon Snow?Oh yeah... who called it?  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
