nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2011-06-19	Last episode of the first season. What'd you think?
2	All-For-HotPie	2011-06-19	Was darn good, but I was a little upset about the placement of the green dragon.  It had to be said.
And we got to see my boy Hot Pie!
3	Starkess	2011-06-19	I gave it an 8. Didn't quite grab me as much as I'd hoped, but still very good.
The Ros/Pycelle scene was a waste. I found it impossible to follow his wheezing exposition and ended up checking facebook.
The final scene felt a little anti-climactic, and I know it's nitpicky but it's really bugging me that she didn't lose her hair. Looks a little silly, and she would have only been bald for a little while--by her second chapter in ACOK it is already growing back.
But still, a very satisfying end to a very well done series. Loved how they pulled the sheer misery onto Sansa's face. Loved to hate Joffrey. Loved Robb. Loved "Arry." Can't wait until season 2!!
4	Sega AM2	2011-06-19	I gave it a five out of ten. The opening scene was incredible with Sansa. And the camera work of Sansa listening to Joffrey on the throne but not looking at him during court was amazing. But the rest of the episode seemed rushed or dull. It seems HBO showed the Mormont woman and it would be nigh impossible for non-book readers to spot her. 
The added scenes with Ros are out of control at this point. It's almost like the scenes are written as self-parody. It's so ridiculous how well connected Ros is. Is she going to sleep with everyone in the story or what? How long until she's banging Euron or Stannis or Areo Hotah?
The added scene with Littlefinger and Varys had painful dialog clearly inserted to baby non-book readers who can't figure out what the jobs of those two are. I appreciate subtle conversation but this conversation was clearly "this is what our characters do". The first non-book scene between them was much better. 
Dragons looked decent I guess, but the funeral pyre scene lacked the loud *cracks* as the eggs violently split open. In the books the eggs practically explode thunderously as they hatch. In the show everyone takes a nap while the dragons are hatched. 
Marillion being killed by Joffrey? Is that right? What does that mean for the big finale in Storm? 
Also props for making Theon even more of a traitor. "I am your brother, you'll have my sword forever". Oops.
5	Misanthrope	2011-06-19	Gave it a 10, perfect ending to a great season.
6	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	Best of the season, IMO. 10/10.  It had scenes that made me shiver (King in the North! and Jon's brother returning him), scenes that made me sad (Arya leaving King's Landing as Arry, Catelyn and Robb grieving), and scenes that made me scared (the Night's Watch going beyond the Wall).  The dragons were so much better than I thought they would ever be.  Disappointed in absolutely nothing!
7	nothatso	2011-06-19	8/10
I loved parts, but some parts also felt very awkward. I'm not one who is bothered by Ros, but the Pycelle stretches afterward seemed like they were just there for filler. Personally I love the Littlefinger/Varys dialogue.
I wasn't a big fan of the actress portraying Mirri Maz Duur, something about her acting just put me off.
The dragon CGI was fantastic, that's about as good as it gets for a television show, I really don't understand how anybody could complain about the aesthetic aspects of them. Unless the complaint is that they put too much money into the dragons and too little into the rest of the show.
8	Ser Farbod	2011-06-19	I gave it a five out of ten. The opening scene was incredible with Sansa. And the camera work of Sansa listening to Joffrey on the throne but not looking at him during court was amazing. But the rest of the episode seemed rushed or dull. It seems HBO showed the Mormont woman and it would be nigh impossible for non-book readers to spot her. The added scenes with Ros are out of control at this point. It's almost like the scenes are written as self-parody. It's so ridiculous how well connected Ros is. Is she going to sleep with everyone in the story or what? How long until she's banging Euron or Stannis or Areo Hotah?The added scene with Littlefinger and Varys had painful dialog clearly inserted to baby non-book readers who can't figure out what the jobs of those two are. I appreciate subtle conversation but this conversation was clearly "this is what our characters do". The first non-book scene between them was much better. Dragons looked decent I guess, but the funeral pyre scene lacked the loud *cracks* as the eggs violently split open. In the books the eggs practically explode thunderously as they hatch. In the show everyone takes a nap while the dragons are hatched. Marillion being killed by Joffrey? Is that right? What does that mean for the big finale in Storm? Also props for making Theon even more of a traitor. "I am your brother, you'll have my sword forever". Oops.9/10I actually liked the scene with Littlefinger and Varys.  The back and forth was a nice break from more of the plot driven scenes that seemed to dominate this episode.  I agree a bit with the Roz scene, however I think the aim was to show Maester Pycelle's subtle charade... Although that in it self is probably overkill as well.I liked the last scene.  I think if we heard the eggs crack or any sign of the dragons beforehand it would take away from the very moment you see the dragon peak out from her shoulder.My main complaint is that they should have made this season 12-14 episodes so that they didnt need to rush scenes and jump from plot point to plot point, but since the budget was already so large and it probably wouldn't be possible, I am thrilled with this final episode and the season in general...
					
					
							Edited by Ser Farbod, 19 June 2011 - 09:19 PM.
9	zippypoodle	2011-06-19	The Ros/Pycelle scene was a waste. I found it impossible to follow his wheezing exposition and ended up checking facebook.I sort of disagree. I could've done without it, but it established that he's not nearly as feeble as he plays, and shows he has his own agenda. It was pretty effective, especially when followed up by the Varys/Baelish scene.You must have a pretty short attention span lol.
10	Starkess	2011-06-19	I sort of disagree. I could've done without it, but it established that he's not nearly as feeble as he plays, and shows he has his own agenda. It was pretty effective, especially when followed up by the Varys/Baelish scene.You must have a pretty short attention span lol.Only for things that bore me. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
11	zippypoodle	2011-06-19	I gave it a five out of ten. The opening scene was incredible with Sansa. And the camera work of Sansa listening to Joffrey on the throne but not looking at him during court was amazing. But the rest of the episode seemed rushed or dull. It seems HBO showed the Mormont woman and it would be nigh impossible for non-book readers to spot her. The added scenes with Ros are out of control at this point. It's almost like the scenes are written as self-parody. It's so ridiculous how well connected Ros is. Is she going to sleep with everyone in the story or what? How long until she's banging Euron or Stannis or Areo Hotah?The added scene with Littlefinger and Varys had painful dialog clearly inserted to baby non-book readers who can't figure out what the jobs of those two are. I appreciate subtle conversation but this conversation was clearly "this is what our characters do". The first non-book scene between them was much better. Dragons looked decent I guess, but the funeral pyre scene lacked the loud *cracks* as the eggs violently split open. In the books the eggs practically explode thunderously as they hatch. In the show everyone takes a nap while the dragons are hatched. Marillion being killed by Joffrey? Is that right? What does that mean for the big finale in Storm? Also props for making Theon even more of a traitor. "I am your brother, you'll have my sword forever". Oops.The parts I bolded seem pretty nitpicky to me, but I guess you can judge the show by whatever criteria you want.
12	All-For-HotPie	2011-06-19	Plus, Shaggydog was pretty bad ass.
13	herkles	2011-06-19	I gave it 10/10 this was by far my favorite episode of the season. So much love, though I agree that the roz seen did feel out of place, but there was so much goodness that even that scene didn't detract from the rest of the episode IMO.
14	Elrick	2011-06-19	the Joffrey scene of having the singer his tongue removed was more brutal than the way it was described in the book! The actor that plays Joff is perfect in his role.
15	tybeechris	2011-06-19	9.9 
-.01 for the Roz-Pycelle scene, otherwise, incredible. Perfect set up for season two.
16	Mr Bean	2011-06-19	9/10 episode with a big fuck you to Ros, everything you touch you ruin.  Having you be Pycell's whore?  No worries but seriously we lost two good scenes because you had to show up.  Much like Voyager, any scene with Neelix (AKA Ros) just gets worse, you don't belong in this series please go away.
17	MMOWarrior	2011-06-19	I was worried about the dragons, but they pulled it off wonderfully..  I agree though that Dany's hair should have been burned away as in the book... but still overall terrific!
18	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	I gave it a nine, which is about as high as I go. 
The dragons blew me away. The first season of a new television show does not usually get CGI like that, even on HBO. I was really, really impressed.
19	Noir Dove	2011-06-19	10/10 brilliant. I had a little get together with my friends. 3/5 didn't know dragons were coming and 5/5 squealed when they did. (we're teenagers when it comes to good stories... don't judge /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
I really cannot think of anything that I didn't like. Well maybe the fact that I have to wait 12 months to see any more... damn it...
EDIT: Can I just add how much I LOVED Old Bear's montage overlapping the march beyond the wall. Effing brilliant.
					
					
							Edited by Noir Dove, 19 June 2011 - 09:44 PM.
20	Shepherd6	2011-06-19	I gave it a 10/10. Any issues I have are minor. I am really impressed with the series, and the final episode gave me chills and made me tear up, which is pretty cool for a TV show. I loved it.
21	JayDubya	2011-06-19	I'd say 9/10 - I was definitely grooving on the dragons, very excited to see that scene, and it didn't disappoint.
22	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-19	Loved it. Gave it a 10.
I could have done without the Ros and Pycell's PSA on benefits of good personal hygiene and the importance of stretching before doing your ploting.
I love Varys, but his scene with LF didn't reach the bar they set in an earlier episode.
Drogon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
23	MusaYo	2011-06-19	I gave it a 10, though it didn't have the emotional impact on me that Episode 9 did. I thought I set up Season 2 really well. 
Loved King of the North, and Robb and Cat's scenes together, and my heart was breaking for Sansa, even if I don't like her. Arya and Yoren, those first scenes were very powerful. I thought the final scene turned out well, loved the cute dragons.
24	Ser Aardvark	2011-06-19	Ah Roz, the girl people love to hate. I have to say I'm not in love with the character but I don't hate her with the venom other people on here do. Still not satisfied with the alteration done with Shae, unlike the others who have been changed slightly (Lysa, Syrio, Lord Frey, Sam) they did not change her for the better or keep the spirit of her character intact. She's the whore I can't stand in the series to be honest with you. Other complaint? King in the North scene came too early. That scene should have been later imo as it wraps up Robb's and Cat's storyline for the season and it's a pretty dramatic scene in the book. Oh and where was Riverrun?! Maybe too complicated to throw in YET ANOTHER place I understand but...what about the Riverland Lords? They pledge allegiance to King Robb too I believe. Oh and I agree the egg hatching scene should have been at night with us seeing the eggs crack open and the dragons emerge in flame. But that's more of a nitpicking thing (and the aforementioned lack of Bald Dany but I knew they wouldn't let that pretty actress go bald even for an episode of Season 2)Other than that, everything else was great. Particular love for Joff and Sansa. Sansa really looks like shit after the execution and the actor playing Joff plays the Shitbird to a T. Seeing the Hound be gentle would have had more impact if we had got more of him this season but c'est la vie. Runner up was Jon and the Night's Watch. The direction of The Old Bear's last speech with the juxtaposition of Jon waiting for the gates opening and hearing Mormont asking (paraphrasing) "You have to decide: Are you a bastard boy playing at war or are you a Man of the Night's Watch?" to this music was LotR-level badassery. Arry and Yoren was done superbly as well, though was it just me or did Hot Pie look like he was wearing mascara?! AND BITER!!! WOOT!
25	RAddichio	2011-06-19	Very much enjoyed Cat keeping her cool with Jaime - after first inflicting some slight justice for Ned's death.  The scene with her & Robb was very touching.  Satisfying to see Tyrion finally receive some positive feedback from his father.  And Roz again proved to be the one size fits all girl about town.  Although the dragons are cute -- really would enjoy the show even more without the fantasy aspect. All in all I found the entire first season to be very entertaining and for the most part remained faithful to grrm's writing.
26	House Snow	2011-06-19	9.5.  The one thing you have to be impressed by is how tidily they wrapped up each characters arc for the season while setting up/whetting your appetite for what happens next season.
27	Ran	2011-06-19	Aardvark,
The first lord speaking when the council starts is Jonos Bracken (his lines, and we know the role was cast). I agree, it would have been nice to have his status noted, though. Maybe even suggest he or someone else is officially representing the Tullys at the council.
28	Winterfelled	2011-06-19	10. How can it be anything less? Every cliffhanger was perfect, there was variety, humor, sentimentality. They put three episodes' worth of awesomeness into one. We got everybody, and yet we didn't feel shorted. 
I really don't understand the nitpicking of certain characters. Who gives a shit about the changes they made to Shae? It makes her a more interesting television character. It's an adaptation, guys. If you want the book, read the book.
29	Metanoia	2011-06-19	I gave it an 8. Overall, I enjoyed this episode, but felt that it seemed lackluster in comparison to "Baelor." A number of scenes were very well done, and I was impressed with the CGI dragons, something that most book-readers were probably awaiting with some trepidation. However, I felt that the acting fell flat in a few places, and that the Ros/Maester Pycelle scene was particularly gratuitous. I really hope that D&D realize by next season that these kinds of scenes are not only jarring, but irrelevant, time-consuming, and detrimental to a series of this caliber. The fantasy genre is already fighting hard enough to be taken seriously.
30	Merihathor	2011-06-19	9 from me. A very small nitpick, but those weren't dragons, but wyvrens. Very disappointing to me, but oh well.
31	MrDoog	2011-06-19	Would give this a 9/10. For what it covers in the book, I thought it was near perfect.
My only slight complaint would be as i'd previously feared, the lifting of the Riverun siege was "covered" in episode 9 but that's more to do with how badly episode 9 was fucked up, not this one.
Also, still not warming to Shae but oh well.
Jaqen looks Exactly as i'd pictured him, quite scary. 
Brilliant episode, brilliant season, can't believe i'll have to wait a year for the next one /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
32	Elrick	2011-06-19	9 from me. A very small nitpick, but those weren't dragons, but wyvrens. Very disappointing to me, but oh well.Umm... How can you tell? They are babies!
33	fitheach	2011-06-19	Made my husband (hasn't read the novels) cry the last 11 minutes of the episode- so I'll give it a 9... Not a 10- because HBO and GRRM made my hubby cry!/shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
34	Robb_	2011-06-19	7/10 for me and the weakest of the first season. 
The scenes with Sansa and Joffrey were excellent, and most of Daenery's too. But I didn't care for the Pycelle part, and I thought the story moved a little too slowly. 
Oh, and the final scenes of the Night Watch of the season has gotta be up there with the best.. really well done scene that.
35	mbatter	2011-06-19	Loved it. I cried like a baby though when she was saying goodbye to Khal Drogo. I really loved them together, and still hate reading the books sometimes knowing he's not there with her. Ugh, I hate even talking about it. I hope he comes back somehow and helps her kick some effing ass. Glad the dragon wasn't sucking on her boob, that was kinda weird. 
Love Jon Snow. 
Hate Joffrey.
How long until Season 2?
36	Aegar	2011-06-19	10/10 imo, though some things did bother me a bit, especially how early The King in the North scene happened. That scene is my favorite in the first book, and they did it 100% perfectly for the show, other than its placement in the episode. I absolutely loved the dragons, and most of all the scene with Mormont's speech and Jon going beyond the wall. And Jaqen! The look he gave arya was perfect. Insane foreshadowing for a TV show.
37	FlameofUdun	2011-06-19	Perfect 10. I almost cried when I saw the dragons. F*** yeah!!
You guys made me worried about Ros, but it really wasn't that bad, kinda liked it. 
Can't believe it's over. But I'm glad it ended so perfectly.
38	lynxx	2011-06-19	OMG!  Jaqen, even if he didn't have half red and half white hair.
I was almost sure Sansa was going to push Joffrey off the bridge, too bad she didn't, but that wouldn't be true to the booksl
Shivers and tears when Danerys walked into the flames.
Thank you, HBO.
39	SFA-OK	2011-06-19	6 or 7. 
The actor playing Joffrey is pretty much perfect so far.
Definitely do not like how they've handled Littlefinger or Varys.
I liked how they handled the last scene, the dragons look cool. 
I think this episode showed maybe more than any other that more than 10 episodes was needed for the first season. It seemed like so much was condensed into this last episode. A lot of the scenes that set up the next book/season seemed really rushed, IMO.
40	Trebla	2011-06-19	9 from me. A very small nitpick, but those weren't dragons, but wyvrens. Very disappointing to me, but oh well.the dragons in ASoIaF ARE two-legged. So technically they are wyverns.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 19 June 2011 - 11:36 PM.
41	Lundy	2011-06-19	I figured the hooded dude was Jaqen. *shrug*9/10 - Loved the job Madden did acting Robb's grief. Cried my eyes out. I like the guy playing Yoren.
					
					
							Edited by Lundy, 19 June 2011 - 11:45 PM.
42	TheEvilKing	2011-06-20	I figured the hooded dude was Jaqen. *shrug*9/10 - Loved the job Madden did acting Robb's grief. Cried my eyes out. I like the guy playing Yoren.Jaqen was obviously the hooded fellow. The other two were Rorge & Biter.I gave it 10/10.
43	Imp	2011-06-20	9/10
A little slower for the finale than I had expected. I couldn't really remember what this section of the book chapters was like.
Still I thought it flowed much better than most of the previous episodes and all came together very well.
Only exeception was the Pycelle/Ros scene which I didn't think was great, but I didn't actively dislike it either. Was a meh couple of minutes.
44	Salome Sand Witch	2011-06-20	Gave it a 9 because when the Ros scene came on, I even said out loud "oh for f*** sakes".  And I rarely swear.
The dragon cgi was quite nice, though, I thought.  3 eyed crow and dragons could've been cheesy, but I think they're doing a pretty good job.
45	Damocles	2011-06-20	Best episode of the series. Though, the series as a whole I would rate a 5 or 6. I'd rate this a 7, and could have been an 8.
It was better filmed, better acted with some exceptions. It seemed more within the scope of what the directors were able to accommodate, given their six person CGI team. It didn't have as much momentum and impact as it could have been, if they had been able to give the climatic battles of the season and book a decent treatment in the episode before. As it happens, we haven't really seen Robb lead men in battle, or fight and die alongside them, like a king.
There was less focus on Dany, and the cheap-ass looking 'horde' of some forty odd wretches and a couple dudes from the tanning salon. Her storyline will get better when her khalasar is actually reduced to about forty some odd wretches in actuality, and they're all ragged and dying.
The Roz/Pycelle scene killed me. ENOUGH already with this particular style of exposition. It's so unbelievably silly and stupid. The Varys/Littlefinger scene was unfortunate. Peter Dinklage's enunciation continues to be grating.
But I'm only really going to dock them for the Roz scene. So, 7/10.
Just compared against the series itself, and not other shows who have done more and better with a lesser budget and worse source material, then it's a 10/10.
					
					
							Edited by Damocles, 20 June 2011 - 12:17 AM.
46	Kuzbad	2011-06-20	It seems HBO showed the Mormont woman and it would be nigh impossible for non-book readers to spot her.Woa, what did I miss?
47	Joe Reed	2011-06-20	Jaqen looks Exactly as i'd pictured him, quite scary. Even though you don't see what he looks like, him as the only hooded-guy with Rorge and Biter was pretty sweet. Glad to see Gendry too, I liked the actor they got for him, though is seems a bit older but meh.The Ros character bugs me to no end. When she first showed up I thought she was gonna pretty much be Shae but then, well, Shae showed up and I was like, "then what is up with that Ros chick?" So now that she is still showing up it bugs me even more. The actress is super attractive and pretty good at acting, but that only makes it more frustrating that she is kind of a weird-naked-exposition tool.But meh, she was still pretty minor and they were smart to set Pycell up as a douchebag. And hell for all we know, when we finally start reading ADWD there will be like 50 POV chapters devoted to a character named Ros and that is why she was added into the show haha.9/10 Great ep, great acting, solid ending and cannot wait until next year. Not a perfect score only because of Ros/Shae and I thought that previous episodes were stronger.
48	Daenerys	2011-06-20	Like almost every episode, this one gets an 8 from me, maybe 8+.
The Pycelle scene was a waste. Maybe interesting to show he was just another guy in KL who is "playing the game" and maybe not what they seem, but that would have been a lot more effective several episodes ago, shortly after Ned arrives. We're rushing to the climax here in the last episode of the season, it just really slowed it down for me while not adding much. Also, although I love me some Littlefinger and Varys, the scene seemed poorly written to me and, again, a waste. Do we really need to have them discussing Varys' balls AGAIN? And a gash? Eh... Could have been a lot more interesting, or cut shorter (pun intended!). Wasn't Marillion supposed to be this superstar bard? His song sucked, sorry, I would not hire the dude for my kid's birthday party in KL. And Dany should have lost her hair (see my avatar),
On the plus side, the dragons didn't look half bad at all (I was worried), seeing Shaggydog was cool (if random), Robb and Catelyn had some nice scenes, Sansa didn't bother me as much as she usually does, and I loved The Old Bear's speech (even though Jon still seems a bit unreadable to me).
Overall I think they did a pretty good job getting people re-invested in the series after Ned's shocking death, which is pretty impressive in 1 hour with some wasted fluff.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 20 June 2011 - 01:22 AM.
49	Lundy	2011-06-20	Jaqen was obviously the hooded fellow. The other two were Rorge & Biter.Which is what I said in response to others who thought they'd seen Jaqen. I found that puzzling as I too assumed the guy with the big sore on his nose was how HBO was doing the noseless Rorge and the other would have to be Biter.
50	julandro	2011-06-20	This was my favorite episode. I did not expect the naked from Lancel, /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />   but as I've seen sitting, I wanted to see him in action! that is, having sex with Cersei. I guess for season 2, you will see the two having sex right?
51	malarky1231	2011-06-20	Amazing episode. Did everything I expected, with the exception of marillion's tongue getting cut off. That doesn't mean he dies, so he may have another role to play in ASOS still. I liked Varys scene with LF, and I enjoyed Pycelle's scene as well. There wasn't any part I disliked, and suffice to say, the episode ended the season with a bang.
52	The Fenris Wolf	2011-06-20	10/10.  Awesome friggin' episode.  I loved all of it, even the Pycelle scene.  I thought the dragons looked amazing and I was so into that entire scene - tying that bitch of a witch to the pyre, lighting the fire, Dany walking into the blaze, the look on Jorah's face, like he wanted to stop her but couldn't...outstanding.  Then Dany is found sitting in the ashes of her husband's funeral pyre, with tiny dragons coiled around her!  Wow that was cool.
I really liked the scene when the Old Bear was talking about fighting the real war, north of the Wall, while the Night's Watch readied to ride out.  That was superb.  The Lord Commander has all the best lines, I swear.  "Honor made you leave, honor brought you back."  "What made you think I was talking about your honor?"  Ha!  Got to love seeing Jon constantly learning so much from older, wiser men on the Wall.
The bit with Sansa and Joffrey on the wall was also really good.  When the Hound stopped her from pushing him my wife (non-reader) laughed and said, "He's the only one who even knew what she was going to do!"  How true.  Doesn't that say a lot about that particular crowd in and of itself?  The director also lets you see a bit of the steel in Sansa that starts coming out later.
Whoever plays Catelyn Stark is phenomenal.  I practically choked up in her scene w/Robb at the tree, where she tells him to first get his sisters back, then to, "kill them all."  That was powerful.  That look she gave over his shoulder was stone-cold murder!
Hell I was even happy with the Ros/Pycelle scene.  I've just surrendered to the Ros at this point.  They're going to slip her in there alot for their own reasons, whatever.  If there has to be random T&A, at least she's smokin hot.
Finally, for anyone who is complaining about the CGI for the dragons, seriously give it a rest.  I watched the preview of True Blood that came on after this show, and after multiple seasons, their special effects are totally lame compared to GoT.  Seriously they had these glowing fruit things that looked like cheap glass apples with lights in them, then it got really trippy and these goblins started throwing balls of fire at each other.  It looked like an episode of The Twilight Zone reboot, the effects were so cheesy.  With that to compare it to, I'm going to STFU from now on about any CGI or effects in GoT.
53	lokisnow	2011-06-20	I didn't even catch it was Ros with Pycelle.  however, I thought it was worth it for all the limber stretching and then the pause before he opens the door, the sudden slump of the shoulders, the hunch of the back, and then assuming a shambling slow gate out of his room.  I didn't even recognize it as Pycelle at the first of the scene because he wasn't his usual weezing slow witted self (as he was in council).  And then to follow it with Varys/Littlefinger repartee just to subtly underscore the point that all three of these leading council members are not what they seem.  Very very clever.  
I also LOVE the suggestion that Benioff and Weiss are planning on using Ros to parallel Shae in some way, I think Pycelle is a bigger player than we've realized and the entire reason we need Ros in the show is that in season 2 and 3 we're going to need some Pycelle scenes, and those scenes can't exist unless he has someone to talk to.
54	John (Snow) Doe	2011-06-20	8
A lot of great stuff; definitely instilled in me a sense of "and the story goes on."
I thought the Pycelle scene was pretty unnecessary - would've preferred more closure for the 'main' characters we've grown attached to.  I thought the ending for Jon was actually more powerful than Dany's because of the great allusion to the very first shot of the series.
As for Dany's ending - I was genuinely impressed with the dragons, but I think the blackout and switch from night to day lost a lot of momentum.  The scene would've been more powerful had they followed (my memory of?) the book and shown the dragons flying out of the fire into the night sky.
Awesome seeing a teaser of Jaqen - it felt like a nice tilt to loyal readers who're eagerly awaiting his TV premiere (non-viewers obviously have no idea what to expect).  Very powerful performances from Tywin and Jaime - having heard gossip about mixing seasons and events from different books, I was concerned Cat was going to release Jaime in their final scene...very thankful that didn't happen.  Did anybody else pick up on anything from other seasons?
55	Job Snow	2011-06-20	I thought the dragons were really well done, I like their forms and I like how the CGI showed them, they're really beautifull /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Although the Black Dread is more like the Red Dread /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
56	freamon	2011-06-20	9/10. I loved the opening scenes with Bran, Rickon, Cat and Robb. Brought tears to my eyes.I was annoyed by how horrible Jaime was to Cat. He said the same mean things to her in the book too but that was after they kept him in the dungeon for quite a while. Even Jaime would not propose warming her bed only days after her late husband's beheading, he's not that terrible a person. And I could do without a three-minute monologue from Pycelle, good thing Roz was there to stare at the whole time.Everything else was awesome. By the way, that singer was obviously not the Marillion from the books, he's an amalgam of Marillion (since he's the same actor from the Cat-Tyrion inn scene) and the tavern singer to whom Joffrey did that. But when time comes to show Marillion in the Eyrie, I am certain they will show another actor and actually introduce him as Marillion (I don't remember him saying his name in the inn scene in the show).
					
					
							Edited by freamon, 20 June 2011 - 02:12 AM.
57	Lews	2011-06-20	I didn't even know it was Ros until I read this thread. I loved that scene, as well as the Varys/Littlefinger one. The three of them are fantastic.
Tywin's "they have my son" was great as well.
All the actors did a fantastic job, really. Definitely a great way to end the season, now we just have to wait a year for the next (though the new book is almost out!).
A few minor things have bugged me here and there in the show, but really this has got to be one of the best shows I've seen and a very, very good job of going from book to TV. Great job HBO and David Benioff/D. B. Weiss. 
10/10
58	Rand	2011-06-20	9/10I actually liked the scene with Littlefinger and Varys.  The back and forth was a nice break from more of the plot driven scenes that seemed to dominate this episode.  I agree a bit with the Roz scene, however I think the aim was to show Maester Pycelle's subtle charade... Although that in it self is probably overkill as well.I liked the last scene.  I think if we heard the eggs crack or any sign of the dragons beforehand it would take away from the very moment you see the dragon peak out from her shoulder.My main complaint is that they should have made this season 12-14 episodes so that they didnt need to rush scenes and jump from plot point to plot point, but since the budget was already so large and it probably wouldn't be possible, I am thrilled with this final episode and the season in general...The way I see it, Maester Pcyelle's scene combined with Littlefinger and Varys are there to help foreshadow Tyrion's battle at court as the Kings Hand next season.  We've only scene the first two as players so far, the new audience doesn't know that Pycelle is a lot more cunning than he seems as well.Anyways 10/10 for me, don't think I could ask for anymore!
59	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-20	Jaqen was obviously the hooded fellow. The other two were Rorge & Biter.About that, could anyone cap a screenshot of their appearance. It would be nice to be able to study them for a longer time.
60	McGinnis	2011-06-20	I gave this one a 9/10. Not sure if I'd say it was the best episode of the season, although it's certainly up there.
I thought that the Pycelle + Ros scene was unnecessary, not just because Ros isn't "supposed" to be there, but it just felt a bit awkward and (for me, at least) took some of the pacing from the episode. In contrast to some others I actually liked the Littlefinger + Varys scene, although I agree that they're probably being set up a bit too much. They're definitely better in the books, but I don't hate them on the show either.
The last scene really had me worried. Until it happened, that is. What a fantastic way to end the episode and the season. Night's Watch scene at the end was just as good. Even though I know everything that's going to happen, I still felt like I needed to see the next episode immediately.
From day one, Maisie Williams as Arya has been almost exactly how I pictured her (both physically and in attitude etc). Loved her last scene as well.
Looking forward to seeing some juicy Tyrion/Cersei rivalry in the next season.
61	Joe Reed	2011-06-20	About that, could anyone cap a screenshot of their appearance. It would be nice to be able to study them for a longer time.http://i52.tinypic.com/2a7h2rn.jpgI found this image in Google Images. Not a very good one but I'm sure much better ones will come out soon. Jaqen is the badass in the hood.
62	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-20	http://i52.tinypic.com/2a7h2rn.jpgI found this image in Google Images. Not a very good one but I'm sure much better ones will come out soon. Jaqen is the badass in the hood.Hmm, yep that's probably him. Rorge seems to be lacking something though and it aint a nose!
					
					
							Edited by The Warmth of Winter, 20 June 2011 - 04:18 AM.
63	Black Sheep	2011-06-20	The last scene was running along so good untill they had the blackout. What the hell? They're ok with having gold melting in five seconds but need a whole night to hatch dragons? Really underwhelming in an episode where the cinematic flow was otherwise the best in the season (I'm talking about great music, about fluid scene transitions, about epic Mormont voiceover).
Other than that it was a great transitional episode, setting up characters to their arcs in the next seasons. Some scenes really gave me shivers, as I knew what anticipated them.
I would give it a 9
					
					
							Edited by elibj123, 20 June 2011 - 05:04 AM.
64	Ealdorman Halasahr	2011-06-20	Another 8 from me.
Great acting for the most part, but perhaps the woman playing Mirri Maz Duur could have added just a touch more feeling to her lines.
Kind of like the idea already proposed here, that Pycelle, Littlefinger and, of course, Varys are all great players and a lot more ... involved, in schemes to come, than they let the rest of the court believe. Nicely done.
But come on, Ros? Involved in every tiny bit of scheming, listening, plotting ...? Damn, she knows more than Littlefinger, and he knows a lot. Perhaps she'll end up on the Iron Throne?
OK, a bit harsh, I know, but she's doing some fast climbing up the schemers' ladder, I'd say. Just wondering what they'll make of her character, that's all.
Michelle Fairley's doing av great job portraying Lady Catelyn, again, it must be said. And Maisie Williams ... fantastic. Arya/Arry, cool, great, and ...
... we met Hot Pie (Varmpaj in Swedish, a literal translation).
I'm still wondering, though, how a person not having read the book(s) finds this first season. Fun and cool, surely, but what about coherence and consistency and clarity - did she/he understand the plot, the tale, the story? Like most readers, I guess I compared the tv-season with the book, perhaps a bit too much, and too often.
All in all, a good first season. Looking forward to the A Clash of Kings-season.
65	Nick Of Troy	2011-06-20	This episode was utterly fantastic IMO.  From the first blood-dripping scene to the final screech, I loved it.I was wondering whether they would show a shot of the immediate aftermath of Ned's beheading, and how they'd go about it.  Imust say I liked it alot, with the bloodied swords and blurred shot of his head being displayed.  I do wish they hadn't given shots of the Septa and Ned's heads on spikes, but then I'm a bit of a sook when it comes to rotting bodies.  Joffery is performing admirably as an enraging little bastard that I love to hate!   /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> Really liked Yoren/Arya and Arry/Gendry scenes.  Yay for Hot Pie, Rorge, Biter and Jaqen!The scenes of Bran, Cat and Robb were really moving too.  Felt my eyes go watery when I saw Robb hitting the tree over and over, and the anguish on Maester Luwin and Robb's faces when they recieved the news was heartbreaking.  Probably my favourite scenes of the episode, tbh.  Sansa's scenes with Joffery were very good too, I'm glad we finally see some proper character development for her, in her defiance to Joffery and I liked her interactions with The Hound, those have been sorely missed since the series began.LOL @ Lancel-bum!  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> Heh, was kinda hoping he'd keep his hat on the whole time!Tywin and Tyrion's exchange was fantastic too.  I'm really liking both actors portrayal of their characters, though I can't remember if book-Tywin was ever so complimentory to Tyrion?  The pouring his wine for him was a nice touch!  I don't quite know what to make of Shae yet, but so far I find her fine.Jorah as always is absolutly fantastic.  Looks awesome in his armour, and I noticed him limping a bit too.  I felt so bad for Dany when she woke and saw Drogo for the first time.  Although I know it led to the birth of Drogon and co.,it still sucked to see her world fall away from her!  When she euthanised him, my eyes watered.  Must have gotten some dust in them or something  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />  Her speech was great and so was her 'rebirth' as Queen of Dragons.  Rhaegal did a good job of protecting his mother's decency haha!King of The North - this part of the episode was very, very good.  Probably my third favourite bit , just behind Cat/Robb and Bran/Luwin's reactions to Ned and the birth of the Dragons.  The addition of Theon's vow was very nice, and I think it's a very good setup to what's to come.  I wonder whether they're going to change the Iron Island storyline a bit, with Theon being less willing to go through with his father's plans.  The Wall - these were decent, but not really outstanding.  Not to say I didn't like any of it,  indeed the Old Bear's speech and Jon's 'intervention' from his friends was very nice to watch.  Pycelle's monologue was a bit tedious and unedded IMO though I reckon it gave a bit of history to the non-reading audience, a bit like Bran's exposition to Osha.  Vag-washing was a little...unneeded...but honestly I don't mind Roz as much as others seem to hate her.  I don't really know what purpose she holds in the series yet except to be the token T&A and expositional pillow-talk, but we'll see how she develops as the series progresses.  This particular scene could have been cut/shortened IMO, as it doesnt seem to do much except give us the maester's opinion of Joff as king.Littlefinger and Varys' little chats are fast becoming a favourite part for me.  I love their verbal duels, each trying to probe the other for weaknesses and their backhanded snipes at one another.Other things of noteWow! Both  a Rickon AND Shaggy sighting!  Send a raven to Missing Persons!Dragons! Hurrah! The three-eyed Crow FINALLY gets some explaination.  Hope they decide to expand it's role beyond recycling the same clip 3 timesDRAGONS!!!!All up, a solid 9.5
					
					
							Edited by Nick Of Troy, 20 June 2011 - 07:00 AM.
66	Greywolf2375	2011-06-20	Not a 10.
9+ again. (following critiques are 100% of the minute nitpick variety) Didn't like Cat bashing Jaime's head with a rock, even if it was in the book, just seemed out of place.  Loved they had "no men like me", liked the conversation.
didn't need Roz's T&A to get the point across.  fine with them tying the various threads together with Roz (and seeing whether she is truly Vary's little bird or truly LF's in the end) but let's see her act and not just her ass.
Umber is supposed to have a monstrous great sword - got the Hound carrying one for no reason, why can't Umber have his?
missed hearing the crack of the eggs - really was looking for the before the fade to black reveal.
whether they sound it or not, for me those are nits...the way Sansa looked, the redness in her face, the first show of her growing a real spine....awesome.
Arya/Yoren - ironically, one of the few things my wife remembered about Yoren from the books that she commented on last night "I thought he was gross and bent over?"   liked how they handled it, the editing of when things happened did feel off.
can't wait to see how they pace the LF/Lysa murder and who/how they have it done
loved the dragons cry at the end.  really really well done over all.
haven't given any individual episode a ten, but for judging the series...even as good as it has been, the sum is more than it's parts.    10/10 for season 1.
67	sadfascist	2011-06-20	i have my issues with this episode, and others, but on the whole there probably has not been a more faithful adaption of a book to film than Game of Thrones.
Bravo HBO, D&D, GRRM, and everyone else who helped make this happen. 
A fantastic conclusion to a fantastic first season--I trust there will many more to come.
					
					
							Edited by sadfascist, 20 June 2011 - 08:10 AM.
68	Decius	2011-06-20	What the hell? They're ok with having gold melting in five seconds but need a whole night to hatch dragons?I'd bet a lot of money on the reason being that the dragons look really shit when trying to render them with the light from a fire and darkness all around.
69	Tywin	2011-06-20	8.Liked the dragons. They look cool. Would have been good if Dany's hair had burnt off though. Minor thing though...Sick of seeing Ros. It's not even funny now. Can't they pay some other girl to take her clothes off and stand in the background?Pycelle scene was alright but went on too long.Sansa's actress finally showing signs of improvement. Throughout the season I found her a bit wooden. I know she's trying to seem all prim and proper, like a lady at court - but the moments she's expected to unleash her sadness and grief didn't convince me.Joffrey's actor is nailing his character perfectly. Kudos.Arya scenes - awesome. Actress is perfect. Guy they got playing Yoren is class too.Shae's feigned innocent coyness seems to have been replaced with 'girl power' fieriness. Fair enough.King in the North bit was mint. Like the actor they have for Greatjon Umber a lot.Littlefinger and Varys banter scene... Not as good as the earlier one. The conversation went nowhere and provided no foreshadowing to anything or any real exposition. They respect each other? ... Blah, went on too long. I suppose such is necessary in a TV adaptation to keep audiences aware of the dynamics.More direwolves = good.Rickon's actor delivered his lines well enough.Mirri Maz Duur... Actress delivered the lines a bit too flatly. The one time we as an audience get to truly understand her motives for f**king Dany and Drogo over and it's just explained so matter of factly.Jorah - cool as ever. Actor is top notch.Night's watch actors are all great. Kit Harington is Jon Snow. Guy they got playing Sam is also mint. Old Bear speech was epic.
70	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	Great ending to the season. The only negative things I could say are nitpicks and I'm definitely not going down that route.
The final scene with Dany and her dragons was really nice and it was one of the things I was "worried" might not work as well when you actually see it instead of just imagining it.
I like the acting of Robb more and more so it feels comforting that he'll be able to carry the Stark banner well in the future. Overall all the reactions to Eddard's death were acted really well and definitely stirred up emotions for me. A great way to continue on the ending of the last episode. Both the Mormonts keep standing out as well in the acting department.
We readers can also find a ton of small details to enjoy as always. One thing that stuck out particularly to me was how the look Tyrion gave when Tywin answered the question why he was sending him to King's Landing with "you're my son". As a reader I found it fit very well with the thoughts Tyrion have at that moment, as he realizes Tywin has given up on Jaime.
There's lots of good things but I guess it's enough to view back on the entire season and realize that it's been a great success. They have managed to set a new standard for fantasy on TV, just as the LotR trilogy changed how everyone viewed fantasy on film. If anything should be lifted out above the rest I'd have to pick the cast which has done a great job and could have carried the show go great heights even if it only looked half as good.
71	The hairy bear	2011-06-20	Just gave it a 6. Perhaps I've been too harsh and it deserved a 7. But IMHO, no more.
The acting was great as usual and the script consistent. My main problem, I think, was with the direction. Opposite to how last week Alan Tylor was able to make ned's beheading a greater moment that in the books themselves, some scenes that were amazing in the books were disminished here. In particular, the "King in the North" scene didn't have the needed epic feel, and I couldn't help but being disappointed with the closing scenes. The worse thing was how it seemed like everyone had gone to sleep while Dany was "not burining" in this tiny pyre.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' /> 
This finale failed in the places I expected more from it.
72	Trebla	2011-06-20	Hmm, yep that's probably him. Rorge seems to be lacking something though and it aint a nose!I got a better look when I paused it. That red line on Rorge's nose is a gash. He has a hole in his nose which you can see on a better angle. Biter's teeth are filed down to points. They are hard to see because they are brown and almost blend in with his face.
73	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	Mirri Maz Duur... Actress delivered the lines a bit too flatly. The one time we as an audience get to truly understand her motives for f**king Dany and Drogo over and it's just explained so matter of factly.Isn't that the whole point? She's being very clear with that she basically did to Drogo what was done to her, i.e. she had everything taken away and only life itself remained, which is nothing without the rest. The point seemed to me that without any purpose left there's no emotion, she was as good as dead already.
74	csharpminor	2011-06-20	Awesome ep for showing Rorge, Biter, and Jaqen. (Possibly anyways)
9/10 just because the Pycelle scene was too long.
75	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-20	They pulled out all the stops for this episode. Everything was perfect. Good acting, direction, writing and cinematography. Can't find anything to nitpick. 
10/10
76	Valmy	2011-06-20	The TV show is so much better than I ever thought it could be.  Fantastic work the spirit of the show really showed through.  I really thought doing a visual media of this series was basically impossible because it was too long for a film and the budget would have to be too high for a TV series but they have managed to make it work.
Fantastic job I cannto wait for the DVDs to be released so I can buy it and see all the extra features.
77	malarky1231	2011-06-20	I'm glad they included Jaime's iconic line- "There are no men like me, only me." This episode was very faithful in terms of quoting from the book, unlike the previous episode, where they skipped the part where Tyrion pays Tysha a dragon because Lannisters are worth more.
78	Ramsay Bolton	2011-06-20	Loved it. First episode I gave a 10. 
Not much else to say, but there wasn't a single scene I disliked. Even the Pycelle scene turned out great after a boring start.
79	Timekeeper	2011-06-20	My second 10, after "Baelor". I will say this right at the start. HBO has gone beyond the impossible and brought AGoT to life.I squealed at the NW's wagon leaving KL, and glimpses of Rorge, Biter and Jaqen. "WHY? WHY KEEP HIM HOODED? WRY!?"Tears were tearfully shed during the King in the North and Drogo's death scenes, and the aftermath of the funeral pyre. Season two is truly born out of fire and blood.Who knew Pycelle was so limber? I could do without Roz, but it's nice to see that Varys and LF aren't the only players who know the rules of the game. Either that, or Pycelle must have lead weights sewn into the seams of his robes, the way he struggles.Jon's night ride and Mormont's morning after were stunning. The Old Bear's monologue during the setting out from Castle Black is a wonderful prelude to the Great Ranging. Season two will be explosive.The only improvements I could see to up the tension, have the khalasar try to rescue Dany from the fire, or cluster more tightly around her for the final scene. Having them that spread out when Jorah steps up makes them look like they're all asleep and not gazing in abject wonder at the first living dragons in 200 years. Second, move King in the North to the penultimate scene, as it should be. It gives the entire episode to build up to fruition. Other than those, I commend D&D for their vision, Alan for his direction, and GRRM for this world we came to love in the first place.Mother of Dragons!King in the North!
80	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	I squealed at the NW's wagon leaving KL, and glimpses of Rorge, Biter and Jaqen. "WHY? WHY KEEP HIM HOODED? WRY!?"Because he hasn't been cast yet. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
81	malarky1231	2011-06-20	Noooo where's Bolton and Karstark!!!
82	vgz	2011-06-20	I gave it an 8. Didn't quite grab me as much as I'd hoped, but still very good.The Ros/Pycelle scene was a waste. I found it impossible to follow his wheezing exposition and ended up checking facebook.The final scene felt a little anti-climactic, and I know it's nitpicky but it's really bugging me that she didn't lose her hair. Looks a little silly, and she would have only been bald for a little while--by her second chapter in ACOK it is already growing back.But still, a very satisfying end to a very well done series. Loved how they pulled the sheer misery onto Sansa's face. Loved to hate Joffrey. Loved Robb. Loved "Arry." Can't wait until season 2!!I gave it a 9, although I agree, I did not like the Ros/Pycelle scene, and yes it was a waste. I did not like the the LF and Varys scene. Last but not least, I did not like the Cercei and Lancel scene.  All three could have been left out.  My husband is a none reader and he was getting a little confused, with reason.  The last scene with Dany and the dragons was well done.
83	Greywolf2375	2011-06-20	Noooo where's Bolton and Karstark!!!Thought Karstark was represented during the KiTN with the "that's a peace..." line?  or was that intended to be someone else?
84	King_In_The_North	2011-06-20	Thought Karstark was represented during the KiTN with the "that's a peace..." line?  or was that intended to be someone else?I dunnoh. They didn't really mention him by name.
85	Nihilist	2011-06-20	Dragons were done well, everything else was boring and VERY meh.
86	Valmy	2011-06-20	The Pycelle scene was showing how he is not the senile fool everybody thinks he is.  That was a startling realization to me I had not even picked that up in the books.
So a new piece of information about the series is especially nice much less a 'wasted scene'.
87	Carascan	2011-06-20	Gave it a 10/10.Many many scenes that were so well done (and showed the great quality of the actors/writers/directors!).Here are some of my favorites:- Cat walking through the Stark bannermen, barely concealing her pain, but as Lady Stark, she cannot afford to look weak- Osha, Bran, Rickon (and Shaggydog!) in the crypts, great atmosphere- Jaime confessing to Cat that he threw Bran out of the window but not telling her why (although Cat will puzzle it together by now, thanks to CSI Winterfell)- The spiked-head scene (they even mentioned Septa Mordane), Joffrey, Sansa and the Hound were really good in there- Departure of the Night's Watch (terrific!)- Dany walking into the fire, that was beautifully shot- The dragons looked sooo cool. As others mentioned, for a TV show, they're top notch!Only complaint: The Pycelle/Roz scene seemed unnecessary and awkward. I wouldn't miss that one a bit. But that's nitpicking.
88	Swordfish	2011-06-20	i thought this was the best episode of the season.  I gave it an 8.
89	Cereal Forel	2011-06-20	My first 10, sufficient Jaime, sufficient Hound. Plus motherfucking DRAGONS!
90	gogorath	2011-06-20	I don't really give numbers, because I'm not quite sure what scale to put it on (versus all tv - all 9s and 10s! versus what I watch?  7-10s!  Versus itself?), but I thought this was an effective episode if a little slow.
The reality is that Ned's death is the season climax.  This is the aftermath and denouement -- to see the effect on people and then to give hope to the fans and tantalize them for the next season.  It accomplished that, I think -- the opening was devastatingly good and I think the Stark's reactions to Ned's death were all strong.  And they did a good job of adding epic and uplifting to a story that is not that -- this is not Lord of the Rings -- we do not have a lot of heroic preening even when people are heroic.  But the Wall and the Dragons were fantastically done and the KITN was good as well (though I'm not one of those that thought it was a particularly rousing scene).
The only misstep for me was the "plotter's scenes" in KL.  The Pycelle scene, upon reflection, was interesting, but the pacing screwed me up.  I mentally bailed on it before it got good.  Upon rewatch, it will be fine but it was too slow to get to the impact after the general GoT pacing, which is rocket fast.  And the LF-Varys scene was disappointing if only because LF put up such a weak fight -- Varys was scoring left and right and LF kept going back to the same well.  C'mon, LF!
91	Sega AM2	2011-06-20	The Pycelle scene was showing how he is not the senile fool everybody thinks he is.  That was a startling realization to me I had not even picked that up in the books.So a new piece of information about the series is especially nice much less a 'wasted scene'.How could you miss it? It's one of the clever ploys that Tyrion has as Hand when he finds out who is leaking things to Cersei and it turns out to be Pycelle. Tyrion confronts him about being a liar and a snake and threatens to have Pycelle executed when he gets back to King's Landing in Clash. Pycelle knows he is caught and breaks down and confesses to not even trying to save Jon Arryn's or King Robert's lives when they are on their deathbeds. Pycelle says that he has always loyally served...loyally served the Lannisters and that Tyrion must understand. Then he shockingly states that it was him who convinced the Mad King to open the gates for Tywin even though he knew that Tywin would sack the city and try to kill Aerys. Tyrion has Shagga (or Timmett?) take his axe and shave Pycelle's beard off before throwing him in a dungeon cell to rot.
92	Law Lord	2011-06-20	Good episode. Cant complain about anything. Don't see the point of the Pycelle scene as anything except as comic relief though. 
Loved the exchange between Varys and Littlefinger as last time. the way those 2 bandy words in this show is incredible. Its on the level you would expect GRRM dialogue. 
Loved the Night's Watch scenes. 
Im happy with the Dany pyre scene. The fact that her hair wasn't burnt off didn't detract from the power of the scene. It just cant replicate the power of that in the book as its a 50 min show of 10 episodes. 
I will be buying it when it comes out on DVD.
93	apt54	2011-06-20	How can anybody say that anything was wrong with the episode? It was absolutely magnificent. 
Stop bashing Pycelle's scene, it served the purpose - get some info about Aerys and Robert, show that Pycelle is a cunning old b*stard. can't wait for His Grace Shagga son of Dolf chopping off his manhood and feeding it to the goats! (JOKING!!! /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
Joffrey's acting was terrific. The boy has a talent.
I liked how Cersei was depicted when Joff was running the court - she didn't seem all that happy about her son, which made me feel bad for her. First it was drunken boar she slept with and now its sadistic megalomaniac who happens to be her firstborn... oh and what do you know: enraged Starks are holding her brother captive - It really, really, re~ally sucks to be Cersei.
Varys and Littlefinger - you gotta love those two, and I especially like these added scenes. They are the behind-the-scenes puppeteers, they are the heavyweights in this cursed game. Lord Varys wants peace and for that he is ready to renounce heroism and human virtues, Lord Petyr wants to have that which highborn ladies and gentlemen, who sneered and laughed at him, have gained by simply being born and take it for granted. For this he has to abandon morals and claw his way to the top. They are  Both actors are doing magnificent job and I looked forward to seeing them and their characters in Season 2.
THE KING IN THE NORTH! THE KING IN THE NORTH! - hallelujah Mr. Greatjon! The scene was epic, and people should really stop complaining that we did not see Riverlords - did you expect writers to introduce about dozen important characters in the finale? 
Somebody said that Dany's dragons look more like Wyverns. Guys, who gives a crap? Why should anyone give a crap? 
Anyway, the ending was epic as well. And oh boy, was I impressed with the performance of the actress playing the witch. When reading the book I was as enraged as Dany at the woman who did this to Drogo. When watching this episode I couldn't help but agree with her - is it not kinder to kill one child to save thousands upon thousands of men from death, women from rape and children from slavery? It is. And if such future can be avoided by killing one unborn child, so be it. Which one of us wouldn't kill baby Hitler if we lived in his time and knew in advance of his future atrocities?
94	Abaddon	2011-06-20	Gave it a 9/10.  Third best episode of the season, IMHO, behind 9 and 6.
I liked the Pycelle scene (although not because of Ros, although I am just indifferent to her).  One thing that not a lot of people seem to be picking up on is his talking about how the Mad king went mad and then the next scene (I think?) we have Dany burning MMD alive (sound familiar?).  There's a lot of very strong hinting here that Dany is a Targaryan in some bad ways as well as good.  We book readers know she hasn't gone mad like the Mad King but I thought it was a great addition to keep the non-readers a little off-balance when it comes to how they view Dany.
Anyway, a few quibbles here and there but overall I liked it quite well.  I hope a little more comfort and maybe a little more loosening of the purse strings will result in an even better, stronger, more confident, a wee bit more EPIC in the big-scale moments Season 2.  Hats off to D&D, George, everyone else involved, we have a classic in the making here that will be remembered as something special for years to come.  Just like the books.
95	I love Cersei	2011-06-20	My first perfect 10. The dragons were awesome!
96	Winterfelled	2011-06-20	If Ros' necessity to the show isn't clear yet to some of you, I guess you just don't care to understand. 
She's obviously a vehicle for the show to get glimpses into (for now) ancillary characters while maintaining a sense of cohesiveness. She's how we learn about Theon's insecurities and overcompensation, how we get to find out Pycell isn't quite the feeble old coot we thought he was, and what makes Littlefinger tick. Yes, the scenes could have been played without a single unifying character, but none of those scenes would have played as strong without her there. It's not just some nameless, voiceless extra, it's an actual actress who knows how to listen and how to react and how to sell these moments. Roz's reaction to Pycell's rambling anecdote was what grounded the entire scene, so how could her presence be bad? 
It's such a silly nitpick. And if you think it's a coincidence that the one HBO-invented character just so happens to be taking the brunt of the fan backlash, you're mistaken. People hate her for no other reason than the fact that she isn't in the books. That's it, and nothing more.
97	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	Somebody said that Dany's dragons look more like Wyverns. Guys, who gives a crap? Why should anyone give a crap? Anyway, the ending was epic as well. And oh boy, was I impressed with the performance of the actress playing the witch. When reading the book I was as enraged as Dany at the woman who did this to Drogo. When watching this episode I couldn't help but agree with her - is it not kinder to kill one child to save thousands upon thousands of men from death, women from rape and children from slavery? It is. And if such future can be avoided by killing one unborn child, so be it. Which one of us wouldn't kill baby Hitler if we lived in his time and knew in advance of his future atrocities?It's actually worth noting as GRRM dislikes dragons with four legs plus wings because that creature doesn't make sense from a physiological standpoint. This is how the author wants them and they are probably the most "realistic" depiction of a dragon you could have.
98	Winterfelled	2011-06-20	Gave it a 9/10.  Third best episode of the season, IMHO, behind 9 and 6.I liked the Pycelle scene (although not because of Ros, although I am just indifferent to her).  One thing that not a lot of people seem to be picking up on is his talking about how the Mad king went mad and then the next scene (I think?) we have Dany burning MMD alive (sound familiar?).  There's a lot of very strong hinting here that Dany is a Targaryan in some bad ways as well as good.  We book readers know she hasn't gone mad like the Mad King but I thought it was a great addition to keep the non-readers a little off-balance when it comes to how they view Dany.Anyway, a few quibbles here and there but overall I liked it quite well.  I hope a little more comfort and maybe a little more loosening of the purse strings will result in an even better, stronger, more confident, a wee bit more EPIC in the big-scale moments Season 2.  Hats off to D&D, George, everyone else involved, we have a classic in the making here that will be remembered as something special for years to come.  Just like the books.But that's exactly how it plays out in the book, so what's the complaint? She DOES burn MMD in the books, and the mad king DID go crazy and start burning people alive.
99	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-20	10.The acting was epic, every scene, except the sexposition, was an ace. And the bit of the Jaime talk we got was brilliant. The whole season has been great, but not perfect. I just hope they can find ways around the problems some of their changes have created
					
					
							Edited by SerArthurHeath, 20 June 2011 - 01:32 PM.
100	Shrimp	2011-06-20	10. Loved it. 
I was amazed that the show was able to pull off the scene where Sansa considers pushing Joffrey. It's so suspenseful in the book and I didn't think it could be done that well on screen. It was great. And finally a quality scene for the Hound.
Loved Arya threatening Hot Pie.
I really liked how the reveal of the dragons played out. If they'd had the eggs moving and glowing and crackling, viewers would have been like, "Ok, I guess they are hatching." The way the show did it, they're just suddenly revealed. I imagine that was a double-take moment for a lot of non-reading viewers.
I didn't mind the Ros scene. In fact, only one of her scenes all season has been bad... the one with Petyr's big speech. And that was only bad because it was unsexy and Littlefinger's speech was so good. It was worth listening to and paying attention to. They could have just had the camera on him and it would have been an awesome scene.
101	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-20	O man, season's finally over, and what a wait it will be 'til next spring.  Thankfully episode 10 was great and still managed to amaze me despite the fact that I've read through game of thrones twice within the last couple months.  Still I gave it an 8.5 rounded to a 9, mostly since I was expecting a bit more from the final scene.  
The scenes new to the storyline (aka not the book stuff) were great this time around, although the maester Pycelle scene was drawn out far longer than it needed to be to prove its point.  Pycelle's untrustworthiness should have already been established in the minds of anyone paying attention to the show, let alone the books.  He is portrayed as an opportunistic Lannister creature from the moment he seems to deflect the well founded speculation that Lannister men are behind the initial ravagings in the Riverlands (scene where Ned holds court).  I guess the writers wanted to make it more apparent that he truly is as fake as they come in King's Landing, which is saying a lot.  Having Ros in the scene works for a simple continuity, I don't see what the complaints regarding her are all about.  Besides she's hot, although Pycelle in that sheerish robe is most certainly not.  The greatest addition was the scene with Robb and Caitlin in their state of grief, something the book passed over more than I would have preferred given the humanity of all the characters in A Song of Ice and Fire.   
The final scene is an amazing addition to the storyline of course.  However, I wish it had played out more similarly to the way it did in the books; not because I'm a to-the-book pain in the ass loyalist, but because the book scene was better IMO.  The lack of not seeing the comet took away from the magic of the scene.  Also the comet gives continuity to the overall storyline since everyone in the world can see it, and if anything it means a resurgence of magic - a theme that will strongly develop in the episodes to come.  It would have been an easy cgi addition to the scene too, since you can easily superimpose it on a solid black night sky.  
The biggest difference is how the scene ends in the daytime seemingly hours later rather than seemingly minutes later in the book.  Its strange that Dany would have just been chilling there for hours with her dragons.  It may add more weight and mystique to the scene to end it the way they portrayed it, but there's something about the ferocity and power that was lost from not having the spell work as quickly as the fire burns.  I'm not going to nitpick the fact that Dany still has her hair - it makes her seem all the more untouchable by fire.  Also the visual of her and the dragons was beautifully done, and not just because Emilia Clarke is super bangin.  It reminded me of Botticelli's Birth of Venus painting, and truly this is a rebirth for Dany.  The dragons were also really cool, even cute looking.  They would definitely make awesome pets especially since you would never ever need to buy another barbecue ever again.
102	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-20	I actually didn't remember the comet appearing at the end of the first book because there was so much going on, the detail escaped my attention. I figured when I read the second book it came shortly after the dragons arrived and after the first book ended. Surely the moment was magical enough that not having the red comet appear matters that much? I think it might have been a bit cheesy actually as the dragons were more than sufficient, but I enjoyed how different characters in the second book interpreted the comet, so I kind of hope it'll be included in the second season. Personally, I figured when I read the book that it was a natural phenomenon and people subscribed to whatever superstition they wanted for it.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 20 June 2011 - 04:55 PM.
103	Pipsmom	2011-06-20	10/10
I'm not inclined to look this gift horse in the mouth. I think most people, Martin included if I'm remembering correctly, were skeptical this story could ever be brought to the screen with any authenticity.  I think HBO has succeeded wonderfully in bringing us a visual feast while staying true to the story, for the most part.  I expect some plot manipulation in service to the medium. I'm even willing to give them the benefit of the doubt (at least for now) over the increasingly ludicrous Ros scenes. 
I am baffled, however, by the scene where it appears the same actor presented earlier as Marillion plays the hapless, and now tongue-less, King's Landing singer. Did they think we wouldn't notice or are they planning some non-book twists for his story line?
And - BABY DRAGONS! (Or Wyvrens, or whatever..). I was worried we'd be presented with some pitiful SyFy Channel renderings. I'm worried no more.
104	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-20	10/10I just want to say that "I" am Pip's mom and have been since 1989 /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />(Pip is the nickname I gave my son, Phillip---but because of his sister's speech problems, not his own. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> )
105	Easy	2011-06-20	I just want to say that "I" am Pip's mom and have been since 1989 /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />(Pip is the nickname I gave my son, Phillip---but because of his sister's speech problems, not his own. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> )I am Pip's mum!
106	Synjin	2011-06-20	Loved it.  Gave it a 9.  
I really disliked the actor portraying Joffrey in the early episodes.  I just thought it was poorly acted, though it was likely due in part to the way he looked didn't jibe with how I pictured him reading the series at all.  He's gotten noticeably better as the episodes advanced and I thought he was GREAT in this final episode, especially the scene with the singer and then the following one with Sansa and the heads.  My feelings about the actress portraying Sansa are almost identical to those I had for Joffrey: too wooden, not pretty enough, not "bubbly teen" enough.  She did VERY well the last 3 episodes, and she nailed this final one.  Lastly, I was VERY disappointed in the actress portraying of Mirri Maz Duur.  Her inflections were like someone poorly faking an accent.  And her face couldn't convey even basic emotion, even in her big monologue.  It's too bad too, because visually, she was exactly the way I imagined her.
I loved the Scene with Mormont's speech to Jon as they head north through the wall.  Great stuff.
The actress portraying Dany did really well in all her scenes in E10.  Like others, I was a little put off by the night to day thing at the end, and her being bald after the fire would have been better, though I don't blame Emilia Clarke for not wanting to shave her head.  It would be nice if she would have dyed those eyebrows to the same color as her hair.  It's a little disconcerting during her close ups.  The draperies should match the rug, so to speak.  
The King in the North was good, I thought it could have been a little better, and would have been better placed later in the episode, perhaps between the Dany fire > dragons scenes.  I love the Greatjon character from the books, and the actor playing him is doing excellent.  I just wish he was about a foot taller, 50-100lbs heavier and with a much bushier Robert Baratheon-like beard. Another instance of my imagination fitting with the casting of HBO.
As always, the book is better than the TV/movie version.  But honestly, I have been super-impressed with what they've done.  Then again, I really didn't expect less from HBO.  Good TV there.
107	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	The actress portraying Dany did really well in all her scenes in E10.  Like others, I was a little put off by the night to day thing at the end, and her being bald after the fire would have been better, though I don't blame Emilia Clarke for not wanting to shave her head.  It would be nice if she would have dyed those eyebrows to the same color as her hair.  It's a little disconcerting during her close ups.  The draperies should match the rug, so to speak.While it might not help your enjoyment of it it's perfectly possible to have naturally different colored hair and eyebrows. I went to school with a blond girl who had very dark eyebrows so it does happen and the Targaryens are pretty special so it's at the very least not unrealistic.As for your final comment about the series it matches mine as well. The show has of course no chance to actually match the books since it's an inferior medium but it still managed to impress in it's own way.
108	Silverjaime	2011-06-20	Just finished viewing as I'm the UK side of the Pond. This ep was absolutely brilliant! From the first dramatic scene - I'm so pleased they continued from last ep and didn't cut away from Ned's Death to somewhere else - to the end with Dany and the dragons, it hardly put a foot wrong. Well except for the obligatory naked Roz scene (now we get her washing her bits!) and Pycelle's rambling exposition, which just didn't seem to belong among the rest of the more epic scenes. I mean who cares if Pycelle isn't what he's pretending to be? who is? We can see they're all two-faced and deceitful....
But APART from that - excellent episode, wonderfully epic, lots of stirring and emotional scenes, beautifully acted all round - and having not been a book-Dany fan at all I wasn't expecting to like show-Dany so much - Emilia has really won me over in the last few eps. Sansa is much more sympathetic than in the book, I hated her forever, but Sophie is showing her as more nuanced and suffering. Jack Gleeson continues to amaze - what a brilliantly evil and hateful little git! His acting has been super!
The brothers bringing Jon back - the hair on the back of my neck stood up when they recited the vow; King in the North - another such moment! And good grief Iain Glen is one of the sexiest men in the show - he should wear half-open shirts all the time...(just sayin'....).
Jaime looking half-ashamed when confronted by Catelyn; Tywin and Tyrion "you're my SON"; still not impressed by sour-faced Shae; LF and Varys sparring - though the last scene of theirs was funnier; poor little Arya having to join that frightening band of no-goods (and her hair is so cute!); Gendry looking tough; Bran and Rickon in Winterfell where WINTER IS COMING!!  And the DRAGONS!!! really well done! Beautiful CGI. Emilia was so graceful and proud! I could go on and on....
Well done to D&D for this one - and it beautifully sets up the storylines for S2. Can't wait!
109	AndyC	2011-06-20	Well, nitpick mode on:
Where do I start?  Firstly, there's the ... oh, I don't have the heart for that.  This was excellent!  Yes, there were some changes from the book, but I fully accept that it's an adaptation.  Adaptations have to have some changes - the medium is so different.  The ones that annoy me are changes that detract, changes that are unnecessary or gratuitous, changes that throw you out of the world its trying to depict.  In my opinion, there was none of that in this episode and some of the changes added to the storyline.
Yoren, "Arry", Hot Pie and Lommy, Gendry ... all worked very well (my wife commented that Arya is going to have to start binding her chest to pass for a boy much longer, though, but that's not a criticism of the adaptation or Maisie Williams)
The grief of Cat and Robb - worked very well.
The Winterfell scenes worked very well.  The little lad playing Rickon was very impressive for such a young actor - he carried off his scene perfectly.
The Night's Watch scenes were excellent - I'd feared we might lose these ones in the adaptation but they were very powerful.  The recitation of the oath to Jon genuinely got my blood tingling.  The scene of them riding beyond the Wall was great.
Joffrey was perfect - someone give that kid an Emmy.  The scene with Sansa and the heads - and her near-attack on Joffrey (only seen - and stopped - by the Hound) worked very, very well.  Plus, it set up the Hound for next season.  
I'd learned that there was a Ros sexposition scene.  With Pycelle, no less, and when it started, my heart started to fall.  But it actually worked - getting over the history of Aerys, showing Pycelle's pretences, without degenerating into a soft-core porn flick.  No cringing required.  Great relief from me.
The King in the North.  Yes!  
Dany - worked very well.  I had feared that the dragons wouldn't come out too well, but that was unfounded.  
I have no choice but to rate this a solid 10/10, like Episode 8.  An excellent capstone to the season.  Kudos to Benioff and weiss and all who worked on it.
110	Greyjoy67	2011-06-20	That scene with Pycelle and Ros was weird ... they could have cut that really. Lots of emotion in that episode though.
Another case of "poor wee bran" on the go - he lost his dad as well now. And the scene with Catelyn and Robb was heart wrenching. They really nailed those kind of scenes.
Can't believe it's already over for a season. Give it an 8. It's odd rating episodes, because virtually every episode has its moments, good and bad.
111	Abaddon	2011-06-20	But that's exactly how it plays out in the book, so what's the complaint? She DOES burn MMD in the books, and the mad king DID go crazy and start burning people alive.Please re-read what I wrote.  This is an observation regarding how the (inserted, not in the books) Pycelle scene reflects on what we see happening with Dany, and casts a more ominous light on it than we might otherwise view it in.I suppose you could say that Dany burning MMD immediately made you think of the Mad King in the books, and if that's the case, well I guess that aspect of the scene was superfluous to you.  I certainly did not make that connection in the book, and I thought the Pycelle scene making that connection worked well to do just that.[EDIT] Just to make sure this is clear, I liked the scene, this wasn't complaining.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 20 June 2011 - 05:21 PM.
112	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-20	I gave it a 9/10. Not the best episode of the season but certainly up there with the best ones.
The reason for it not being the best for me is the fact that there was too much non-reader stuff in it again. The conversation between Baelish and Littlefinger, even though I love them both in the series, was layed on too thick imo. As well as the Pycelle scene. I understand why they have to do it but can't help but dislike those scenes though. Maybe on my rewatch I'll enjoy this season more. Some more nitpicky stuff. I though MMD delivered some of her lines a bit hasty.. And one of my favorite all times lines was delivered differently from the book. Wtf was that about. Jaime saying "There are no men like me, only me" It's "There's only me"?
Why in the world would they shorten that sentence? I think the original works just fine.
Apart from that there was a lot to love about this episode. I was on the edge of my seat and scared to death towards the end because the scene with the dragons was going to be a make or break scene. If they had looked crappy that would have been the end of the show for me but they nailed it to perfection. Really spot on, loved it.
113	Pipsmom	2011-06-20	I just want to say that "I" am Pip's mom and have been since 1989 /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />(Pip is the nickname I gave my son, Phillip---but because of his sister's speech problems, not his own. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> )You win. I've only been Pipsmom since 1991 when I got my first Yorkie, Sir Pippen of North Creek  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
114	DecoyRunner	2011-06-20	Ten. Outstanding. The actors are really hitting their stride with these characters. Littlefinger's exchange with Varys was gold.
115	Bloodymummer	2011-06-20	Why do people keep saying "the actor playing Joffrey"?
Jack Gleeson fyi, and I think he's kicking ass in the role and I hope to see him in more stuff in the future.
And, oh yeah, 9/10.  Is Ros the only whore in Westeros?
					
					
							Edited by Wedonotsow, 20 June 2011 - 07:36 PM.
116	arrowfan	2011-06-20	8/10 for me.  There was way too much departure from the book. Overall the ep felt unbalanced to me. Mixed feelings about the ending... in some ways it was really cool and dramatic but it bordered on cheesy.
117	Timbits	2011-06-20	I loved it: give it a 9, last episode was a 10. I wish Arry's scene had been longer. And Gendry's attitude is spot on.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> 
Was also very impressed with Robb's actor. One of the best scene imo when he was slashing up the tree. 
Season 2 is going to be great.
118	Starkess	2011-06-20	It's such a silly nitpick. And if you think it's a coincidence that the one HBO-invented character just so happens to be taking the brunt of the fan backlash, you're mistaken. People hate her for no other reason than the fact that she isn't in the books. That's it, and nothing more.Well, thank you for telling me what I think. I have seen the light!Or else there are legitimate complaints about the sheer incredulity of a random lowborn whore from the North sleeping with almost every major character?
119	Bronn Stone	2011-06-20	Well, thank you for telling me what I think. I have seen the light!Or else there are legitimate complaints about the sheer incredulity of a random lowborn whore from the North sleeping with almost every major character?I agree with you about Ros being the source of some legitimate complaints, but I would quibble with the characteristic 'random' in this context.  She's TARGETING the players.  Whether for Varys, Littlefinger or someone else, I cannot say.  But it isn't random.
120	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-20	My first 9.
Oddly I don't think it was the strongest episode, but it's the episode where I had the fewest nitpicks. It only failed to get a 10 because every episode with a scene with Ros's vagina gets an automatic -1. Not because I have a problem with seeing it per se, it's very nice, but it just seems like tokenism at this point (not to be confused with Tolkienism). Ros is there so they can flash some occasional bush. Hey! we haven't had bush for a few episodes, quick let's write another Ros scene. Ahh, that's better. Right, on with the story.
I liked The Wall, I liked Dany's scenes, I liked Arya's scenes, I liked Sansa's scenes, I liked the San-San interactions, I liked the Tyrion scenes, I liked Catelyn v Jaime, I liked Bran's scenes and I really liked the dragons. It was a very good finale.
121	peterbound	2011-06-20	Blah, this shit goes to 11!
Best episode of the season.  Seeing Cat walk thru the lord trying to keep her dignity was a scene they hammered.  Seeing Rob in a moment of weakness, and beating the fuck out a tree like a child was great.
The Ros scene.. really?  I'm not complaining about seeing boobs.. just me.  I also think it was giving background about the Pycellle character to non readers, and just how long he's been around the 'Game' 
Seeing Tyrion being manipulated by his father was splendid, and all the Jon' scenes were great.
I did have minor beef with the hair sticking around after the fire.. but fuck it, maybe it's being built into the mythos of the show that /all/ of Dany is immune to fire.  
Loved it.
122	Baratheon	2011-06-20	Blah, this shit goes to 11!Best episode of the season.  Seeing Cat walk thru the lord trying to keep her dignity was a scene they hammered.  Seeing Rob in a moment of weakness, and beating the fuck out a tree like a child was great.The Ros scene.. really?  I'm not complaining about seeing boobs.. just me.  I also think it was giving background about the Pycellle character to non readers, and just how long he's been around the 'Game' Seeing Tyrion being manipulated by his father was splendid, and all the Jon' scenes were great.I did have minor beef with the hair sticking around after the fire.. but fuck it, maybe it's being built into the mythos of the show that /all/ of Dany is immune to fire.  Loved it.Agree with everything you said!Amazing episode.
123	Twisted Monkey Demon	2011-06-21	What a great end to a great season.  I honestly wasn't sure if HBO could do the books justice in only 10 episodes, but they did it and they did it well.  All of the actors were fantastic, even Sophie Turner (Sansa) who hadn't really impressed me until episode nine.  I thought Jack Gleeson (Joffery) was amazing (and disturbing) as an emerging tyrant in this episode and I can hardly wait for next season because I think he has the potential to really bring Joffery's character and cruelty to life.
The King in the North scene was one of my favorites from the books and the show really pulled it off.  I had chills.  Also great were the Littlefinger and Varys scene (there really wasn't much dialogue to it, but there was good tension and chemistry) and the scene between Catelyn and Jamie.  With just a single look of pain/anger/shame at hearing Catelyn's question of justice, I suddenly believed that Nikolaj Coster-Waldau could be a convincing Jamie.  Jamie is probably my favorite character in the books and his character's transformation from incestuous prat to honorable knight should be really entertaining.
Maybe I'm being picky but i wasn't crazy about the scenes on the Wall this season, including this episode.  Likely that's because I'm comparing it to north of the Wall, which has the potential to be terrifying/amazing.  I also thought the dragon scene could have been done better.  I mean, did they all pass out for a few hours and wake at once?  Dany's hair is flame retardant? I know that Dany is supposed to look shell-shocked but the result was a look of forced bewilderment. The dragons looked great, but I'm going to be realistic and guess that they will only appear in season 2 a handful of times for budget purposes.  I wasn't upset by Roz and Pycell's scene, although it was drawn out.  It showed that Pycell is shrewd and playing an act as well.  He likely also knows that Roz is a spy for Littlefinger and wants to appear a vacuous old man.
I gave the episode a 9 out of 10, and would have given it 9.5. Great acting, great way to end the season. Lots of good tie-ins going forward to season 2. I was just really disappointed by the ending scene. Look how you've spoiled me GRRM!!!
I give the first season a 9.5 overall.  Amazing series and has the potential to get better.  I love the way the story is driven by each unique character, but there is risk in this as well.  All in all, i think some of the 'epic-ness' was taken out of the story this season in favor of developing the characters.  There were no big battle scenes, no melees, or shots of large armies.  But each character's progression was so real and emotional that I was hooked right away.  I can't wait for season 2.
					
					
							Edited by Twisted Monkey Demon, 21 June 2011 - 12:14 AM.
124	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-21	I liked how Cersei was depicted when Joff was running the court - she didn't seem all that happy about her son, which made me feel bad for her. First it was drunken boar she slept with and now its sadistic megalomaniac who happens to be her firstborn... oh and what do you know: enraged Starks are holding her brother captive - It really, really, re~ally sucks to be Cersei.Nothing to feel bad about. She brought it upon herself. The producers are doing a better job of fleshing her out than Martin. If that look of disgust is indeed meant to portray Cersei as having second thoughts then kudos to the producers. This lack of depth in the books makes Cersei very unrealistic. And no, fear of a random prophecy does not add depth to a character.
125	Songlian	2011-06-21	It got an 8 from me, and I thought it was good, but the last two episodes before it were even better. 
Jon's final scene really stood out for me, so did Sansa's, but I wish they've given Robb, Catelyn and Jaime more. 
The dragons were very nicely done, and so was the crypt scene with Shaggydog. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
126	The Fan	2011-06-21	18 of 234 cast a less than "8" vote and that's about right, it was excellent and I feel it really ended strongly. It's going to be a tough 8-12 months waiting for season 2.
The minor plot massaging from book to screen even seemed natural and unforced.
If I would have asked for anything, it would have been for Dany to turn up the anger with Mirri Maz Duur. But it worked out properly, and I was thankful Dany retained her hair in the morning.
Plus.... DRAGONS!
By the way, did anyone else have a WTF moment thinking it was Sansa in Pycelle's cell and not Roz?  Red hair and that hair crown hairstyle had me shouting at the screen a few tense moments. Phewww!
127	Holymoly	2011-06-21	Gave it an 8. The series as a whole gets an 8 as well. Overall there were no real howlers although I do feel the structure of a TV series suffered by trying too hard to remain absolutely faithful to the book. In retrospect I feel more may have been achieved by "basing" it on the book rather than adhering almost word for word to the written word. The reason I say this is as the books evolve, more and more the story is driven along from the point of view of the younger cast members and it will be a heavy load for them to shoulder as time goes on.
For me however the first book is the best of the series (so far) and as a stand alone exercise the TV series did a good job with a limited budget. The stand out performances were obviously Bean and Dinklage although I'm confident Charles Dance will more than ably take his share of the plaudits in the next series.
128	Black Wizard	2011-06-21	I think the final episode was poor in comparison to the previous nine. Too many things were changed and random bits added in one series too early. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
129	Greywolf2375	2011-06-21	By the way, did anyone else have a WTF moment thinking it was Sansa in Pycelle's cell and not Roz?  Red hair and that hair crown hairstyle had me shouting at the screen a few tense moments. Phewww!I couldn't really see the hair color at first and thought it was Cersei; and that made even less sense.Question I had about that...Roz is the one leaving through the front door basically...how did she get out without someone seeing her?  The fact the Pycelle was bedding his serving girl was a secret, can't imagine what it would be like that the Kings Maester is hiring whores.
130	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-21	I can see Sophie Turner being a stand out star in Season 2. She's going to show her inner Stark and fans will be cheering every small victory she achieves against Joffery.
131	Hodor_Targaryen	2011-06-21	Last episode of the first season. What'd you think?Incredible.  Best episode of the season, surpassing episode 8.  There were a number of things which had to happen in this episode and they all did, and all were done beautifully.
132	Emo Jon Snow	2011-06-21	As always, I rate the nitpickers in this thread a 1.  You almost make this place unreadable.
The episode was great television, compelling and rich.
					
					
							Edited by Dracarys, 21 June 2011 - 08:16 AM.
133	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-21	By the way, did anyone else have a WTF moment thinking it was Sansa in Pycelle's cell and not Roz?  Red hair and that hair crown hairstyle had me shouting at the screen a few tense moments. Phewww!I was thinking the same thing!
134	Winterfelon	2011-06-21	Hello (First post! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)
Overall, I thought they did a great job with some pretty challenging stuff to pull off well on TV.
I agree that the Pycelle scene felt a bit random at this point, but perhaps he needed a bit of building up as he does become a bit of a 'playah' in AFfC.
Jaime was class in this ep - despite a couple a of slight tweaks, you sense his evolution already.  Pretty well note perfect for me.
Tyrion/Tywin: great.  Charles Dance is the epitome of badass.
Throughout the series, all the central elements,have been good to great, but if no one has already both Mormonts and Barristan Selmy (tho not in this ep) deserve an extra shout out - spot on!
					
					
							Edited by Winterfelon, 21 June 2011 - 09:22 AM.
135	The Blue Bard	2011-06-21	It took me a while to realise it was Ros, not Sansa.
Also, where is the Magi's "when your womb quickens and you give birth to a living child"? Leaving that out is a serious problem
136	Winterfelon	2011-06-21	It took me a while to realise it was Ros, not Sansa.Also, where is the Magi's "when your womb quickens and you give birth to a living child"? Leaving that out is a serious problemHmm - perhaps.Although they can probably cover it in the 'House of the Damned' (forget the real name /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) when she gets told she'll be betrayed once for love etc...
137	CatelynFan	2011-06-21	9/10.  Very satisfying conclusion to Season 1, especially the wrap-up of the Wall arc and the scene with Dany and her dragons.  The CGI for the dragons was excellent for a TV movie.  I actually felt like cheering for Jon and had tears in my eyes when the dragons hatched--and considering that Jon and Dany are two of my least favorite characters in the books, that was something.
As other posters have said, the latest gratuitous scene with Roz felt out of place and laughable; I hope she doesn't show up in Season 2.  And I agree that the King in the North scene was passed over too quickly.  I think I would have preferred Catelyn to have no discussions with Jaime until Season 2.
Liked the looks of Rorge, Biter, Jaqen H'gar, and Hot Pie; I'm excited for Arya's story arc next season.  I also admire Sophie Turner's portrayal of Sansa and can't wait to see her next season as well.
Overall, I'd give the series an 8.
138	apt54	2011-06-21	Nothing to feel bad about. She brought it upon herself. The producers are doing a better job of fleshing her out than Martin. If that look of disgust is indeed meant to portray Cersei as having second thoughts then kudos to the producers. This lack of depth in the books makes Cersei very unrealistic. And no, fear of a random prophecy does not add depth to a character.It's not that Cersei is very unrealistic in the books. She's just too much of an unreasonable b*tch (especially in the Feast). In the series she is given a somewhat more Machiavellian personality and "mistreated woman who wants a life" aura.The scene with Robert when they talk about Dothraki and Lyanna, the scene with Ned when they talk about children, the scene at Joff's court - they all made me feel very sorry for her. Keep up the good work script writers and Lena Headley!
					
					
							Edited by apt54, 21 June 2011 - 04:40 PM.
139	Asarlai	2011-06-21	They did Robb wonderfully; it just makes his coming fate that much worse.
Loved the dragons, great ending; however, I think that the Mormont beyond the Wall speech was amazing, and would have made an even better ending.
Ros? Really? CGI dragons, CGI 700 ft Wall, armies, but you decide to cut costs by reusing the same whore all over the damn kingdom?
140	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-21	They did Robb wonderfully; it just makes his coming fate that much worse.Loved the dragons, great ending; however, I think that the Mormont beyond the Wall speech was amazing, and would have made an even better ending.Ros? Really? CGI dragons, CGI 700 ft Wall, armies, but you decide to cut costs by reusing the same whore all over the damn kingdom?What made you come to the conclusion that Ros was featured a lot just to save costs? Personally I'd say that there are much more likely guesses.
141	SyrioForel33	2011-06-21	I don't think the Pycelle scene was a bad one, I just think it was ill placed. For that and for a few other reasons, I'll go with a 9.
This episode was really more set up than action, if you think about it, and thus I'm not going to go 10 just yet. Still a great episode tho. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
142	Daenerys	2011-06-21	Episode poll ratings (minimum 100 votes, top and bottom 5% thrown out):
Epi | Title                                   | Rating | 6.........7.........8.........9.........10
----|-----------------------------------------|--------|-------------------------------------------
101 | "Winter Is Coming"                      | 7.9    | ********************
102 | "The Kingsroad"                         | 8.2    | ***********************
103 | "Lord Snow"                             | 7.9    | ********************
104 | "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" | 8.2    | ***********************
105 | "The Wolf and the Lion"                 | 8.8    | *****************************
106 | "A Golden Crown"                        | 8.8    | *****************************
107 | "You Win or You Die"                    | 8.2    | ***********************
108 | "The Pointy End"                        | 9.2    | *********************************
109 | "Baelor"                                | 8.9    | ******************************
110 | "Fire and Blood"                        | 9.2    | *********************************
Overall series average - 8.5So, a definite upward trend as the season progressed.Weakest episodes, tied, 101 "Winter Is Coming" and 103 "Lord Snow"Strongest episodes,tied, 108 "The Pointy End" and 110 "Fire and Blood"
143	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-21	The Pycelle scene was good for me. It showed us that he is a player just as any other. His exposition speech may not have been needed but it was probabily helpfull to some viewers. 
Now, about the highpoints. Mormont speech was definitaly the best moment of the show, if not the entire season. It had the epic tone and feeling I was expecting from most other episodes. I love the speech + war scenes in any show, and in this one it was doing superbly. It gave me chills, unlike most other episodes that made me feel nothing.
The Dragons birth scene was amazing too. It was perfect and almost 100% as the book. Another awesome moment there. The dragons are very well done and althrough they do look a lot like CG it was done very well and they adapted 100% to Danys body and the surounding.
The King of the North scene was not perfect for me (I wish there were more people and more shouting) but it was amazing too. I just wish there were more people to give it more of an epic feeling.
Nonetheless, just as episode 8, another 10 from me.
144	Asarlai	2011-06-22	What made you come to the conclusion that Ros was featured a lot just to save costs? Personally I'd say that there are much more likely guesses.It was a joke. I was trying to grasp at some logical explanation for why this one whore happens to be with EVERYONE who has a plot-centric story to tell.Damn, let's just send her to the Neck to meet with Howland Reed.
145	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	It was a joke. I was trying to grasp at some logical explanation for why this one whore happens to be with EVERYONE who has a plot-centric story to tell.Damn, let's just send her to the Neck to meet with Howland Reed.Perhaps it already is Howland, warging into her body?
146	Giants Blood	2011-06-22	I haven't had time to read every single post on this topic so far, but nobody (maybe 1 person!) seems to have mentioned the most glaring "miss" of this episode... The Cersei-Lancel scene. I love the subtlety of certain that comes with a book/programme like this, and some subtle links (Pycelle recap of Mad King-Dany Burning alive comes to mind!) work really well, but I watched the ep. with none-readers, and they were a bit like "ey? what's going on here?" Firstly, they had no idea it was Roberts "cup boy" and secondly they didn't see the significance of him being with Cersei, nor her motivation for it. Slightly too subtle for none-readers?
Now that semi-rant is over, thought it was another fantastic episode. They have done an amazing job all series of bringing the character we all love to life! Hopefully we'll see a little more of Jaime next series than in the books (although I guess bringing scenes forward is the way?)and hopefully the Hound will get his due!
Cant wait for more Littlefinger, Tyrion-Bronn etc... and hoping the new characters (Jaqen and co.) play out as well as these ones have and live up to my expectations, as some of my favourite characters get introduced here! Also, I was really impressed with the CGI for the Dragons. Pleasantly surprised!
All-in-all, Looking forward to no.2!!
147	Giants Blood	2011-06-22	And is it me, or are the people saying they loved Jaqen, or loved the look Jaqen gave Arya, seeing something I didn't? The role of Jaqen hasn't been cast yet (to my knowledge) and in the episode all you saw of him was a hooded figure? The other two in there were Rorge and Biter, surely?
148	Kolwynia	2011-06-22	I thought Emilia Clarke's Dany owned the episode.  When I was reading the book, I didn't care about Drogo too much, but seeing her desperation during the scene before she kills him was actually really sad and moving.  I'm glad they left her hair unburnt for the scene after the funeral pyre.  Having it burnt in the books was cool, because there was a feeling of rebirth, that she was starting over.  But seeing her in the show, covered with ashes but untouched by the flame, with the little dragon on her shoulder as it finds its voice...she looked like a newborn goddess.  That scene was perfect.
149	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-22	Firstly, they had no idea it was Roberts "cup boy" and secondly they didn't see the significance of him being with Cersei, nor her motivation for it. Slightly too subtle for none-readers?Lancel was clearly introduced in earlier episodes, so sharp eyed non-readers will know him, and there should be no problem further clarifying who he is in the second season.
150	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-22	Bread crums. Maybe someone has not realized that is Lancel but giving bits of information like this is definitaly going to help some realize what is going on.
Lancel looks so much like a woman that I have no doubts most people will remember him.
151	Quinn	2011-06-22	mh... 8!Pycelle(Ros?!)/Finger/Varys (????) and 5 minutes of Bran? no way...
152	Synjin	2011-06-22	Lancel looks so much like a woman that I have no doubts most people will remember him.Seriously.  For a split second I actually thought it WAS a woman when the scene started.  Then I thought it was Loras--another very skinny and effeminate guy.  I agree that it was very subtle and that non-book readers would have to be paying attention to grasp the fact that not only was that Robert's squire, but also Cersei's cousin!  It's obviously going to be revisited in season 2 once Tyrion starts manipulating him.
153	Lion of Venice	2011-06-22	9 out of 10 for me, one of my favourites episodes if not THE favourite.
Only two things are in the way of a full 10:
-Shae acting like a bitch, screaming and being annoying.
-Random Roz and her sexposition scene with Pycelle, I wasn't needing that and neither was the audience I think.
154	CryFenril	2011-06-22	Of course, the Watch riding out beyond the Wall and seeing the screaming/burning/hatching was awesome. And I could even understand Pycelle's scene, as a piece of knock knock, he's a player too. Shae still sticks in my craw, but she didn't manage to ruin the episode for me. Despite my misgivings, I'll give them a chance with it. Grenn, Jon, Sam, and Pyp in the woods - wow. Admittedly, the "wheep!" when Sam gets knocked off is horse is pure comedy, but that didn't detract from the solemnity of the recitation of their vows for me. It's just so... so... so very Sam. The conversation between Tyrion and his father was epic on a personal scale. As was the verbal sparring between Varys and Petyr - who both come across as shallow, brilliant, and very very dangerous. Catelyn being tempted to brain Jaime for good with that rock, and dropping it instead... whooo, I don't think I'd have had the strength to let it go. My respect for her went way up with that one - which I think is why they added it. What won the episode for me was Iain Glen. The look on his face when he said "I won't watch you burn", and after she kissed his cheek, is something you can only get from a truly superb actor. It was the instant that he realized how much she meant to him, and I can't imagine it being portrayed any better. Won my vote, anyway. All the mysticality and CGI aside, this is a human drama, and that was a moment of drama that completely took me into the story. If I hadn't liked the series before that, it might not have been strong enough to save it for me, but already thinking they did a good job made this kind of the coup de grace. In toto, I'd say it was one of the strongest episodes of the season, which is good considering it has to hook a substantial audience into waiting for next spring. I think that that strength comes from the interactions between characters as much as (if not more than) it does from the special effects or environment. It seems like the actors have finally relaxed into the people they are supposed to be, and are able to bring more out of themselves.
155	Envie	2011-06-22	I gave this final episode a 9 out of 10. I really really liked most all of it.
I'm in the camp that didn't mind the extra Varys vs. Littlefinger verbal sparring and Pycelle w/ Roz scenes. At first I was doing a head scratcher as to why they felt the Pycelle thing was necessary, but as I said in the other thread regarding it - I think it was necessary to help non-readers better understand just how corrupt all of the little council members seem to be at this point... all vying for some small power within the castle - they too are playing the game of thrones in a different way than those out on the battlefields. Showing Pycelle feigning his weak old man routine is a good way to help watchers who didn't get all the details in the books to see behind the facade.
I docked a fraction of a point for the bouncy scene to scene rushing. I felt it was a little rushed to cram everything in that final hour. This season really could have used just one or two more episodes to flesh out the final setup for book 2 in my opinion. I also docked another fraction for my disappointment that Daenerys' hair didn't get burnt off like in the book. A nit-picky detail to be sure, but it seemed significant to me in the book, and as someone else said, signified her 'rebirth' along with her dragons. I felt moving up the scene between Catelyn and Jaime from book 2 to book 1 was a good move for plot sake, but I wasn't sure I liked the way Catelyn portrayed it in the television version. Finally, the last tiny fraction of a point will go to Shae. Like others, I'm not crazy about the way they are portraying her, last episode or this final one either.
Overall, my fractions of one point don't add up to much but nitpicking and opinion like everyone else. It was a phenomenal season end and HBO and the creators get massive kudos for tackling such a monster saga as this one and doing it justice. I had huge doubts going into the idea of watching this on HBO - but my skepticism was immediately put to rest from the first episode right on through to the last. 
The dragons look GREAT! Two thumbs way up.
156	Carldog	2011-06-23	Finally got to watch it.... good ending.  For the first time since the begging of the season the show felt epic.  Let's hope they come back next year with some more $ and step things up a little.
Gave this ep a 9.
157	Giants Blood	2011-06-23	Seriously.  For a split second I actually thought it WAS a woman when the scene started.  Then I thought it was Loras--another very skinny and effeminate guy.  I agree that it was very subtle and that non-book readers would have to be paying attention to grasp the fact that not only was that Robert's squire, but also Cersei's cousin!  It's obviously going to be revisited in season 2 once Tyrion starts manipulating him.Yeah, I later talked to a friend (non-reader) who thought IT WAS LORAS. I then told him it was Lancel and he kind of got it... Still, I agree that they will probably focus on this more in the next series! Looking forward to some Lancel-Tyrion banter!
158	Slingingstones	2011-06-23	I enjoy the way the screenplay varies from the book.  The differences are not enough to keep the story from being told.  Well done.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 23 June 2011 - 12:49 PM.
159	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-24	My final count:6 > 9 > 10 > 7 > 5 > 8 > 2 > 4 > 1 > 3Taken as a whole episodes 5-10 were all phenomenal.  I went back to 1-4 recently and they came across much better on second viewing.  I think it helped that I was just less worried about the show sucking on rewatch!
160	Lord Bloodraven	2011-06-24	I really enjoyed the finale. Throughout the season I find that I'm constantly reminded how great the actors are; I consistently find myself liking characters that I don't normally care for in the books. I thought the interplay between Varys and Littlefinger was excellent, and the behind-the-scenes type glimpses we get of the small council (which we don't have in the books) in general. I also think that the closing scene with Daenerys and her dragons was very good. My biggest fear before watching this episode was that the dragons would be cheesy or corny, but I think they are quite realistic (for being mythical creatures and all). I give it a 10.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Bloodraven, 24 June 2011 - 10:42 AM.
161	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-24	My final count:6 > 9 > 10 > 7 > 5 > 8 > 2 > 4 > 1 > 3Taken as a whole episodes 5-10 were all phenomenal.  I went back to 1-4 recently and they came across much better on second viewing.  I think it helped that I was just less worried about the show sucking on rewatch!I had way more criticism in the first episodes than the last ones. I dont know if they were as bad as I remember or if I was way too critic.
162	Quoth	2011-06-24	Dragon puppies!!! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
163	Snake from Dorne	2011-07-18	8ish.
164	Tammy	2011-08-17	This was one of the best season finales I've seen in a long time.  I wasn't sure how I was going to like it because the first few episodes dragged for me, but by the last half I was pleased.  I thought that the way Daenerys was holding the dragons looked really unnatural, but then a friend pointed out that she probably had to get that pose in a way that they could cgi the dragons in later and that made sense.
165	Kingslayer	2011-08-19	Just rewatched it. 10/10. Holy shit, did anyone imagine the dragons would look that good?? Dany's boss speech was perfect, too- "I swear to you, those who would harm you will die screaming." Chills, man. Thought Marillion's song was hilarious. Joff is great as a budding young tyrant, Robb is great as a budding young hero. Catelyn/Kingslayer talk was fantastic. The much-maligned Roz/Pycelle scene gave us some cool history and confirmed that the Grand Maester is a disgusting fraud- good foreshadowing for future events. Arya starting to embrace the darkness was cool ("I killed a fat boy just like you. You're a liar, but I'm not"). Running out of positive adjectives, so... yeah. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Some of the negative comments almost strike me as self-parody. I really liked one post in this thread that awarded the episode 5/10, one of the (very serious) complaints being the lack of a cracking sound as the dragon eggs split open. I'm picturing a real-life Comic Book Guy furiously typing away: "The text clearly notes a distinct cracking noise as the eggs hatch. Worst. Adaptation. Ever."
166	winteriscoming73	2011-09-04	Overall I thought this was a great episode. I felt more sympathy towards Sansa in watching this episode than I did when reading the book when you know more about the role she has in revealing Ned's plans to Cersei. King in the North scene was awesome as was the LF and Varys scene. Looking forward to Season 2!
167	Blizzard	2011-09-29	I gave it a ten, but they ended the series /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. Overall i loved every minute of it though
168	Bastard Walder	2011-11-18	Was darn good, but I was a little upset about the placement of the green dragon.  It had to be said.And we got to see my boy Hot Pie!YES. Fuck Viserion. I hope he's the first dragon to die.
169	Baitac	2012-01-21	I saw the series on HBO first, and then read all the books and have been hounding my son to watch it on HBO GO (awesome app). I had told him that he'd be confused about the houses, etc., but that all would become clear in time. He called me yesterday to tell me that he'd watched the first episode. He was confused because there had been a lot of strife, and someone had been beheaded, and these little dragons were on this lady..... 
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!! YOU IDIOT SAW THE LAST EPISODE FIRST!!!!
I told him that it was like never watching Star Wars and starting with the "Luke, I am your father" scene.  What a moron!! I just had to share this.
170	Maester Sarella	2012-01-27	Oh, was that Ros again? Didn't recognize her.  I loved her scenes with Theon up north, but I kind of hate her since her appearance in the clumsily written and totally, totally gratuitous sex scene in Littlefinger's brothel.  Ros/Pycelle scene I hated until Ros left. Then, when we got a peek at the real Pycelle, I loved it. Like having a little moment of Pycelle POV, something we don't get in the books.
171	Chelly	2012-01-31	This was the best, imo. The ending alone gives me chills. Dany rising from the pyre with the dragons clinging to her was such a powerful image as the people bow down to her. She is my favorite character on the show. "It's not your screams I want, just your life". She was so badass in that scene.
The way everything ended, I am so excited for the new season.
172	Santilion	2012-02-13	I didn't like the ending with this "Dany" rising from the pyre. That link of the story is the weakest. It's still bearable of course, but almost completely uninteresting.
The rest of the episode was stunning however.
I'm giving it 8/10. As a comparison, the first episode was given 10/10 by me and the series as a whole 9.5/10. But with the death of Ned and the introduction of dragon whelps, I feel a bit pessimistic about season 2. Even though a love dragons I must say that very few TV-shows and films have succeeded in making dragons into anything else than what only small boys can appreciate. Hopefully they'll handle this better in GoT and if that'll be the case I'm sure it'll turn epic!
173	Shingo	2012-04-12	I thought it was a great way to end a season!
174	Aerys Blackfyre	2012-12-08	my favourite episode so far!The King in the North!Are you a Brother of the Night's watch, or a bastard boy who wants to play at war?Blood of my blood!the soundtrack at the end of the episode when we see dany with the dragons is E-P-I-C!
175	Phaing	2013-02-25	I gave it a ten, didn't realize I was going with the crowd, and couldn't care less.I'm hooked, after 2 years of avoiding something that I had thought was another Tudors... silly me, eh?And Dani is the better part of what got me hooked.Not so much the whole Joan of Arc thing... its how balanced the character becomes as she evolves, but mostly the way she earns it as she goes. Paying a horrible price, in fact, any observer would assume that she was stepping into the funeral pyre of her husband and first-born to join them, after all...And speaking of that, whole Religions have exploded into life after an event like that. What's with all the dodging other Dothraki and the lack of recognition elsewhere in season 2?I'm not a sadist, so I'm sitting here hoping that, eventually, Dani might have a good day somewhere along the line.
176	Ser Luke.	2013-02-26	9/10.
177	Damazama21	2014-03-20	Incredible episode, 10/10. Incredible first season. I was blown away by the complex, yet fascinating and intense story, and the depth of characters.
9.5/10 for the entire season.
178	ShockWaveSix	2011-06-21	... when it went to black as Dany walked into the funeral pyre?   A pretty beautiful head-fake that that was the end of the season.
I believe my exact words were "Oh no you f*cking didn't!" while my girlfriend shrieked and the three people on the other couch were yelling too.
179	Timbits	2011-06-21	I was surprised, would have been a lot more epic if they finished it with breastfeeding the dragons in the fire. I suppose a person actually being in fire is a hard thing to accomplish. And special effects are expensive. So I understand. Still a good scene.
180	iheartseverus	2011-06-21	... when it went to black as Dany walked into the funeral pyre?   A pretty beautiful head-fake that that was the end of the season.I believe my exact words were "Oh no you f*cking didn't!" while my girlfriend shrieked and the three people on the other couch were yelling too.With you there, all the way.  I was like 'WHAT?  Are you freakin' kidding me??    That's IT?  THAT'S the end??  Then, whew, Jorah's boots came walking along and sanity was restored.  Yep, nifty head fake.
181	Sega AM2	2011-06-21	It wasn't as bad as The Sopranos finale where people were running up to their cable boxes because they thought that the feed had gone out.
182	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-21	Well knowing the story I knew it was only a pregnant pause, but I can imagine if I was new to the whole series I might have had a bit of a why the face moment.
183	mandak	2011-06-21	I'm a little pissed about the lack of comet.
184	TheEvilKing	2011-06-21	Pretty sure this thread isn't about whether or not you're mad that there's no comet.
185	Bahimiron	2011-06-21	No. I'll leave screaming at the TV to teenage girls watching the American Idol finals and NASCAR fans with Billy Jimjames Jr crashes into the wall. As it turns out I have a bit more self-control than that.I was surprised, would have been a lot more epic if they finished it with breastfeeding the dragons in the fire.Where 'epic' means 'awkwardly hilarious'.
186	SFA-OK	2011-06-21	I actually forgot about that. When the scene faded to black I did think "You've got to be kidding me." For a split second I thought the episode was over.
187	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-21	The fade out didn't even register to me because I was so certain they'd be showing the dragons.
188	Corvinus	2011-06-21	Only when the music of dragons was heard again in the world, I joined in singing screaming.
189	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-21	Dany breastfeeding the dragons in the fire? Isnt her breast milk hot enough? (She definitaly is)
190	Bronn is God	2011-06-22	It wasn't as bad as The Sopranos finale where people were running up to their cable boxes because they thought that the feed had gone out.Best ending ever by the way.SOPRANO SPOILERS!
	Spoiler Tony is dead
191	SFA-OK	2011-06-22	Best ending ever by the way.SOPRANO SPOILERS!
	Spoiler Tony is dead 
I agree on both accounts, spoiler and non-spoiler. Loved that ending.
192	Starchaser	2011-06-22	Pretty sure this thread isn't about whether or not you're mad that there's no comet.No thread is safe from nerdrage
193	ShockWaveSix	2011-06-22	The fade out didn't even register to me because I was so certain they'd be showing the dragons.Well, I knew that they were *supposed* to show dragons. But I also knew that they had already made major alterations (AKA skipping Tyrion's battle and Whispering Woods) because of budget concerns or whatever. There had already been several comments ealier in the evening of "Oh, they better not screw this up." Then when it went to black there was just a moment of certainty that they had indeed screwed it up. Just enough time for the nerdrage to start to build before they cut back in.
194	ShockWaveSix	2011-06-22	Sorry, double post, website is being slow.
					
					
							Edited by ShockWaveSix, 22 June 2011 - 01:06 PM.
195	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-22	Yeah I can understand why some people might have been worried, but for me anyway it didn't even cross my mind that they wouldn't show the dragons. I assumed when it went black they'd quickly come back and show them.
196	Timbits	2011-06-22	Where 'epic' means 'awkwardly hilarious'.That too /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. I'm quite fond of awkwardness.
197	Captain Tripps	2011-06-23	There was no screaming but I had a "Wait the fuck a minute" moment, for sure.
198	Greywolf2375	2011-06-23	No thread is safe from nerdrageor staying on topicno, wasn't surprised or shouting - having them cut away and end just with her walking into the fire wouldn't have had any impact except "she lied to Jorah".
199	CryFenril	2011-06-23	I think D&D knew that readers would never let them get away with not showing the dragons - we'd lynch them en masse if they tried to skip such a fantastic ending. So I see the blackout as a nudge-nudge wink-wink to us rabid book fans, and a little heart-stopping something special for the non-readers to make sure the hook was set.
200	Sturn	2011-06-24	Maybe the black is just a simpler way of protraying time passing as apposed to black plus big white letters saying, "Time Passes".My first thought when watching it was that it was simpler SFX to pull off then flames. My second was that it may have been more obvious to understand for a viewing audience. Afterwards, Dany is not burnt but everything else is so she is obviously still alive and obviously there is some magic at work. If it ended with just flames around her (and no text saying she isn't burning at all), depending on how well they did it some viewing-only fans might have been confused. A.i. "Was she burning or not burning in those flames? Is she dead?"
201	Delta1212	2011-06-24	I knew there'd be dragons, so it didn't get me, but it did get the two non-readers I was watching with. Twice, actually. First with the Night's Watch marching out from the wall. When it cut to black, they thought it was over (I think that was actually a more awesome last scene, or would have been if dragons weren't still required to show up at that point). Then again when it cut after she marched into the fire.
202	Kaitscralt	2011-06-24	I thought they actually pulled a fade to black, and I did nearly scream.
203	wolverine	2011-06-26	The fade out didn't even register to me because I was so certain they'd be showing the dragons.The description on my TV included something about Dany finding new hope so it was pretty obvious we would see the dragons.
204	Narrow C	2011-06-27	I wanted a little more from the scene in terms of her walking into the flames, but considering their history of cutting straight to the aftermath of something rather than showing it, I guess I'm fine with it...
205	Salome Sand Witch	2011-06-29	Must admit, I was a little grumpy at her just walking into the flames and then fade to black.  I wanted to see this phenomenal alchemical/magical transformation.  Eggs cracking, comets, stallions rising to the heavens, Dany in her power releasing the dragon dammit.  I personally felt a little let down when they went straight to the next day.  I'm also with another boarder who said "what the hell - they took a nap?"  I don't know why everyone was asleep either, except maybe to be the white letters saying "time passes".
Regardless, I thought the dragons were very well done, and thought the last images/tableaus were stunning.  I guess if they are going to cut out big budget stuff and only show the consequences, but put the cgi money into not cheesy 3 eyed crows and dragons, I can dig it.
206	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-06-30	I'm somewhere in the middle of my latest re-read, and I don't seem to recall any mention of the comet at the end of AGoT. I thought the prologue in ACoK was when it was first mentioned...
207	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-30	I thought the same Ser Bronn and went back and reread the chapter. Dany sees the comet before stepping into the fire and takes it as a sign she is doing the right thing. It's very easy to overlook in the reading though as it's not particularly emphasized, and it definitely didn't register to me despite having read it more than twice until I was specifically looking for it.Anyway, it's a nice detail but not one I really feel was that important for them to put into the show. They can still have the comet appear in the beginning of the second season if they want. I still believe it's a natural phenomenon not tied to the dragons at all, but the superstitious people of Westeros and Essos liked to subscribe their own meanings to it nonetheless.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 30 June 2011 - 09:12 AM.
208	Wembeley	2011-08-28	Yeah I can understand why some people might have been worried, but for me anyway it didn't even cross my mind that they wouldn't show the dragons. I assumed when it went black they'd quickly come back and show them.Yeah, that was such an awesome scene and I was thinking I wonder how they are going to depict the dragons, I knew there had to be a cut, we couldn't wait around all day for the fire to die down.  So I was just giddy with excitement.  First I loved the whole buildup where she gave her speech "I AM the dragon's daughter" etc. so I was just so absorbed in the whole scene that I just took it in stride I was like ok cut to fire is now died down and then I see Ser Jorah's feet walking and I'm like here we go!  And how awesome it was to see those dragons and her standing tall and everyone dropping to their knees and then those dragons were so cool and Drogon is flapping his wings and screeching followed by the other two and it is echoing across the valley.  That was great.  I was too awestruck and dying in anticipation to do anything but stare at the screen in anticipation.  I didn't know if they would try to go cheap with the dragons but they were better than I could have even hoped for.
209	SummerGhostofNymeria	2011-08-30	I wasn't yelling, I hadn't read the books yet at that point, but I had a pretty good feeling that she'd go into that fire and come out of it quite alright on the other end.
My only complaint is I want more... and I don't want to wait until next year for it.
210	House Balstroko	2011-11-14	I really liked the ending where the camera pans out and you hear the dragon shouts before the closing off.
211	Dragonstone	2011-11-21	I was disappointed in the scene, somewhat.  In the books, it seems far more majestic.  On TV, she walked into the fire and in the morning looked like a soot-covered (rape?) victim in the fetal position.
212	Robin Of House Hill	2012-02-04	I feel bad, re-opening a thread that has been dormant for a while, but I came to see the series long after most.  My other half got me the four books for my Amazon Kindle, as a Christmas gift, and in return, got a Kindle a couple of weeks later, as a birthday gift.  I had already been reading the books at quite a brisk pace, when I learned the second season would start on April 1st.  I had never considered HBO worth the money, but for this, there was nothing that would keep me from it.  My cable company has the first season "on demand", so we started going all the episodes.
Yes, the book had things a bit grander, but when I saw Dany with the dragons, there were tears in my eyes.  The music was perfect for the scene, as well.
213	Darth Vader's Bastard	2012-02-06	I'm a little pissed about the lack of comet. You mean the one at the beginning of every single episode during the opening sequence?
214	jacky22	2012-02-08	I also found this series on HBO way after everyone else. In fairness, I was abroad but none the less our friends in L.A. were all about it. So when I came home and checked it out... also HBO on demand... I rushed to buy the books since day one and have watched the first season twice already. I'm well into the second book and have already purchased the third and fourth. I wasn't disappointed that the transformation wasn't shown though, I'm disappointed a little by bigger issues left out of the story line. I wish I had the book before watching the show, but alas- at least I've read book two and can't wait until April. I think showing Dany's transformation could easily have gone a bit cheesy, not to mention a very expensive three minutes for something just as easily implied. What's the deal with the black out? I hardly even noticed.
215	kephv	2012-02-09	You mean the one at the beginning of every single episode during the opening sequence?I think they mean the red comet that appeared in the sky before she lit the pyre.
216	K1NGSLAYER	2012-02-09	I was fine with the fade to black, I would much rather them spend the money on making realistic looking dragons then them showing the scene, sure it would have looked awesome but I don't really think it was necessary. The way they did it was just fine, The scene with the dragons was stunning, I had goosebimps watching it. About the comet, I didn't even notice, I hope they show it in Season 2 though.
217	Florentina	2012-02-09	I didn't care about the cut, but I didn't like the fact that her hair wasn't burned. The scene wasn't really thrilling at all. When I read the book I was so afraid she would die, but my boyfriend, who didn't read the books, knew that she was immune against fire in the frist place. He got that in the scene with the hot dragon egg that burns Dany's slave but doesn't harm her. So that destroyed that moment pretty much. And the hair of course. She should have lost her hair. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
218	Rhaegar Targaryen's Ghost	2012-02-20	yeah, but everyone would have felt awkward looking at Dany with an creepy, fake, bald cap on her head. i think the hair was a minor detail that was fine to exclude.
219	firebird	2012-05-13	hahah I screamed at my TV too..I was hoping they wouldn't leave us hanging.
220	rotems119	2011-06-20	[media]http://www.youtube.c...h?v=B1iYEZcdLoM[/media]
Hope you enjoy!
May he RIP!
BTW, great finale!!
221	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-22	Nice video, thanks for putting that together.
Liked the music choice.
Good job.
222	walter90	2012-03-31	Very good! I liked Ned the most out of the cast with Tyrion running second. Ned was a man of honor in a land of avarice, vice and immorality. He was a father unto the end as he didn't fully surrender to his fate until he knew young Arya was safe. Not until then did he bend his neck.
He was betrayed by the very world that needs men like him the most. My GF has a theory that Game of Thrones is more about destroying honor and those who still believe in it. A kind of back handed commentary on our modern world. Good men die while bad men flourish. Sound familiar?
Anyway, I liked your video.
223	firebird	2012-05-13	great video. Ned was my favorite.
224	Triskan	2011-07-06	I wondered about a thread the purpose of which is to discuss (with book spoilers) people's thoughts on the season overall now that it's come and gone.  This would be as opposed to one specific episode.  Perhaps such a thread already exists, but I didn't see it.  I wasn't sure where the best place to put such a thread would be, so perhaps a kindly mod can help.
					
					
							Edited by Triskele, 06 July 2011 - 06:39 PM.
225	Renly Baratheon	2011-07-07	Well I thought it was excellent and my 18 yr old son who didn't read the books marathoned the whole series in one day he thought it was so awesome. My biggest fear is a season two then a cancellation. MY next biggest fear of coarse is that five seasons get completed but we still haven't seen book six and probably won't for another 10 years.
226	Mattyp	2011-07-08	All in all I don't think they could have done a better adaptation. There is an obvious lack of Dire Wolves but that's understandable considering they don't actually exist and CGI apparently costs a lot.
My main concerns are for the second season as I can imagine audiences getting very frustrated. Having recently finished the second book I think viewers may struggle with the lack of scenes characters such as Jaime and Robb are in, making them shoehorn in random scenes from the 3rd book. The Bran sections of Clash of Kings are especially boring and I can almost guarantee they won't translate well. I am also worried that the Arya storyline might get a little frustrating as well...she's saved, she's attacked, she escapes, she's captured it's all a bit of a rollarcoaster which does nothing for the actual progression of the storyline! I can't imagine that they'll bother with the war at Kings Landing either, as ships are expensive. 
I imagine if the show had a bigger budget that this would quite possibly be the best storyline ever translated into the screen. Sod LOTR.
227	estrellas	2011-07-08	All in all I don't think they could have done a better adaptation. There is an obvious lack of Dire Wolves but that's understandable considering they don't actually exist and CGI apparently costs a lot.My main concerns are for the second season as I can imagine audiences getting very frustrated. Having recently finished the second book I think viewers may struggle with the lack of scenes characters such as Jaime and Robb are in, making them shoehorn in random scenes from the 3rd book. The Bran sections of Clash of Kings are especially boring and I can almost guarantee they won't translate well. I am also worried that the Arya storyline might get a little frustrating as well...she's saved, she's attacked, she escapes, she's captured it's all a bit of a rollarcoaster which does nothing for the actual progression of the storyline! I can't imagine that they'll bother with the war at Kings Landing either, as ships are expensive. I imagine if the show had a bigger budget that this would quite possibly be the best storyline ever translated into the screen. Sod LOTR.1. I'm fairly certain it has been said already that they'd be showing more of Robb in season 2 than they did in the actual book. This is a good thing IMO, especially if they show him actually meeting and bedding Jeyne Westerling rather than her coming out of nowhere. And you know the producers won't miss an opportunity to show a girl with her boobs out.2. GRRM did say he was having a hard time configuring the battle of Kings Landing in a way that suits the budget, but I'm sure they'll work SOMETHING out.3. Arya's storyline is important...we see the effects of the war from a peasant's viewpoint. If it weren't for Arya, we'd only have nobles in their castles or soldiers marching. She also introduces us to a host of important characters, or enlightens us about other ones, like Beric's band of outlaws, the Boltons, and Sandor Clegane. Arya's route is meandering, yes, but they can't simply chop it up.
228	ckwatch1958	2011-07-09	Liked the season generally, but two recurring complaints;1)Changes that seemed to be made for no reason at all. Like not having the comet. No huge deal, but since the comet starts off book 2, and every faction claims the comet as its own omen, why make the change? Did someone stop and say to themselves "lets get rid of the comet"? How much would a damn comet cost?2)Feeling the need to explain everything, and leaving out things that they can't "narrate". I know that novels and inner recollections are hard to translate to screen. I have no expectation that everything from the book will be part of the show. But do they have to pound things into our heads? Couldn't we have gotten a feel for Tywin without him giving Jaime the deer skinning speech?Couldn't we have figured LF out piece by piece, without him giving a speech to one of his hookers?The Wire was one of my favorite shows. Some people complained that it was hard to follow the plot and remember all of the characters, etc. But figuring it out, re-watching, etc , taking each scene as it came and piecing it together, without being spoon fed, or having someone give you a long speech to let you know what was going on, that was part of what made that show special.I was hoping that is what I'd see here, instead, it felt a bit more like the first Harry Potter movie, where there was lots of "gee-whiz, look at that magic stuff".Frankly, I think they wasted too much time trying to make it accessible to people who hadn't read the book. Instead, they should have made it of such high quality that people wanted to read the books.Despite all that, still enjoyed the season. Even if the flow struck me as odd, there were so many well crafted scenes. Also, thought the acting & casting was great. A little tough having everyone a bit older, but we knew they needed to do that. Thought they messed up Cat the most, but that wasn't the actress's fault.They cast her too old. "Older" was okay, "old" wasn't. Also, they totally flipped the motivations, when they made Cat be opposed to Ned going south. Guess they were trying to make her more sympathetic, but they lost any feel for Cat as a player from a great house.
229	laughing tree knight	2011-07-09	I was just wondering why NED didn't have the good sense that Tyrion did. when he was supposed to declare his guilt at Baelor he should have demanded a trial. COMBAT or otherwise. either way he wins. even in non combat trial they cant risk him declaring joffery's illigitematcy.   and yet they can't deny him trial by the kings law. 
Why NED why?
230	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-07-10	I was just wondering why NED didn't have the good sense that Tyrion did. when he was supposed to declare his guilt at Baelor he should have demanded a trial. COMBAT or otherwise. either way he wins. even in non combat trial they cant risk him declaring joffery's illigitematcy.   and yet they can't deny him trial by the kings law. Why NED why?2 reasons come to mind:- his father and brother both got 'trials' from the last king; how'd that go for them?- he is still trying to protect his daughters, as Varys pointed out to him in his prior dungeon scene, they are both very vulnerableTyrion's case is different; once he manipulates Lysa into the public affair by offering to confess, he's got her.   Her whole court is there so word will get out about what's happening and he is still the queen's brother and son of the most powerful noble in the realm.  Any thing done to Tyrion after this point has to be weighed against the consequences.Ned on the other hand is discredited and Joffrey has all the reins of power firmly in his hands-- he thinks he is beyond reprisal.
231	Bronn Stone	2011-07-10	The Wire was one of my favorite shows. Some people complained that it was hard to follow the plot and remember all of the characters, etc. But figuring it out, re-watching, etc , taking each scene as it came and piecing it together, without being spoon fed, or having someone give you a long speech to let you know what was going on, that was part of what made that show special.I was hoping that is what I'd see here, instead, it felt a bit more like the first Harry Potter movie, where there was lots of "gee-whiz, look at that magic stuff".You do realize that the broadcast version of The Wire was a commercial and ratings failure.  It has done reasonably well in DVD release, but if GoT had followed that model and achieved the same results, we'd never see it finished.  GoT is EXPENSIVE to make, in a way The Wire never was.  HBO is less concerned with ratings than other networks, but far from unconcerned.  Were D&D to listen to you, we could be 100% certain that A Storm of Swords would never make it to the screen.  It would go on the Firefly list of great shows that died in infancy.  I'd much rather have excessive exposition and multiple seasons of GoT.
232	The Anti-Targ	2011-07-11	As an adaptation with no prior guarantee of renewal (though with a pretty decent fanbase to support and evangelise it through season one), and looking at it from a Noob point of view I'd give it an 8/10. It's done a great job of grabbing a decent TV audience and as TV it's a very good series which stands on its own merits as better than most.
from a book fan perspective of how I'd see my idealised adaptation I give it a 6/10. It was good with not too many objectionable departures. But it was not great, the way I wouild want it to be.
Knowing all the constraints, budgetary, time and just plain translating book to screen regardless of any other constraints. I'm going to go with my noob's-eye score of 8/10. I could have asked for more, but I couldn't have asked for too much more.
I am expecting more from season 2. Given it's now established and they should eb able to throw more money at Season 2 to give us more of what we want. But they are still limited by 10 hours.
233	Mattyp	2011-07-11	1. I'm fairly certain it has been said already that they'd be showing more of Robb in season 2 than they did in the actual book. This is a good thing IMO, especially if they show him actually meeting and bedding Jeyne Westerling rather than her coming out of nowhere. And you know the producers won't miss an opportunity to show a girl with her boobs out.2. GRRM did say he was having a hard time configuring the battle of Kings Landing in a way that suits the budget, but I'm sure they'll work SOMETHING out.3. Arya's storyline is important...we see the effects of the war from a peasant's viewpoint. If it weren't for Arya, we'd only have nobles in their castles or soldiers marching. She also introduces us to a host of important characters, or enlightens us about other ones, like Beric's band of outlaws, the Boltons, and Sandor Clegane. Arya's route is meandering, yes, but they can't simply chop it up.I agree with everything you've said  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> I've never thought of Arya's storyline to be giving an insight the peasant side of war, interesting point, it really did show the brutality of the Lannister (and occasionally even the northmen) army. I found Jeyne Westerling very hard to swallow in the books, Robb was so cunning and clever (or at least appeared to me) that I could not believe his stupidity to shun one of his best allies. Perhaps the show will cast a complete fitty to play Jeyne to try and explain away that annoyance! /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
234	tarantella	2011-07-11	I have some gripes about it.  A few of the original scenes were useless (hi Ros) and took away time from things I actually wanted to see (Jon vouching for Sam to Aemon, for example.)  A couple of the actors didn't put much weight behind their roles (MMD comes to mind, her scenes were just weird.  And I actively dislike Shae right now, but I'll hold my judgment until we know exactly what direction they're going with her.)  And of course the non-existent battle scenes.  When I read the series I picture everything in my mind naturally, and I can see all the battles, the fields and rivers and castles etc.  There's no comparison.  Yeah, budget issues, I know, but I'll still much prefer reading the books over watching the HBO series partly for that reason.
Everything else was great.  I would give it an actual score but it would be meaningless; I don't think it's easy to judge objectively because I just loved seeing so many of my favorite scenes from AGOT depicted on the screen, so if there were more faults I probably overlooked them.
					
					
							Edited by tarantella, 11 July 2011 - 03:57 AM.
235	Hyper	2011-07-11	Liked the season generally, but two recurring complaints;1)Changes that seemed to be made for no reason at all. Like not having the comet. No huge deal, but since the comet starts off book 2, and every faction claims the comet as its own omen, why make the change? Did someone stop and say to themselves "lets get rid of the comet"? How much would a damn comet cost?Your complaint would be much more valid if the comet is excluded from SEASON 2. You yourself make it clear that it is primarily a book 2 plot device.
236	HokieStone	2011-07-13	My main concerns are for the second season as I can imagine audiences getting very frustrated. Having recently finished the second book I think viewers may struggle with the lack of scenes characters such as Jaime and Robb are in, making them shoehorn in random scenes from the 3rd book. The Bran sections of Clash of Kings are especially boring and I can almost guarantee they won't translate well. I am also worried that the Arya storyline might get a little frustrating as well...she's saved, she's attacked, she escapes, she's captured it's all a bit of a rollarcoaster which does nothing for the actual progression of the storyline! I can't imagine that they'll bother with the war at Kings Landing either, as ships are expensive. I just finished a book 2 re-read as well, and am wondering some of the same things.  I imagine they'll show Robb more, but I'm really wondering about Jaime.  He's barely in book 2.  However, his talk with Cat (or at least the gist of it) that happens near the end of book 2 ("There is no one like me, just me") was actually put at the end of season 1 on the TV show.  So I wonder if they'll accelerate his release from Riverun.  Of course to do that, they'll need to get Brienne on the scene earlier, and she doesn't show up until after Cat wanders down to visit Renly and see him get killed.  So they'll have to start moving the timeline significantly.  As for the Bran scenes being "boring", I imagine they'll just speed up Theon's assault on Winterfell.  I wonder if Asha will be in show more than she was in the book - she was only in 2 chapters or so.  Maybe they'll just leave her out of the show.
237	Mattyp	2011-07-14	I just finished a book 2 re-read as well, and am wondering some of the same things.  I imagine they'll show Robb more, but I'm really wondering about Jaime.  He's barely in book 2.  However, his talk with Cat (or at least the gist of it) that happens near the end of book 2 ("There is no one like me, just me") was actually put at the end of season 1 on the TV show.  So I wonder if they'll accelerate his release from Riverun.  Of course to do that, they'll need to get Brienne on the scene earlier, and she doesn't show up until after Cat wanders down to visit Renly and see him get killed.  So they'll have to start moving the timeline significantly.  As for the Bran scenes being "boring", I imagine they'll just speed up Theon's assault on Winterfell.  I wonder if Asha will be in show more than she was in the book - she was only in 2 chapters or so.  Maybe they'll just leave her out of the show.I imagine they will include (perhaps) the Jaime escape attempt to give him some screen time, instead of having it happen off screen (or off page as the case may be). Asha has been cast (with a name change however) so she will be in it. But that's typical of the ASOIAF universe...meet a character, see them twice, then not see them again for an entire book! Great for the novels, but I imagine quite frustrating for a television show!
238	Triskan	2011-07-14	You do realize that the broadcast version of The Wire was a commercial and ratings failure.  It has done reasonably well in DVD release, but if GoT had followed that model and achieved the same results, we'd never see it finished.  GoT is EXPENSIVE to make, in a way The Wire never was.  HBO is less concerned with ratings than other networks, but far from unconcerned.  Were D&D to listen to you, we could be 100% certain that A Storm of Swords would never make it to the screen.  It would go on the Firefly list of great shows that died in infancy.  I'd much rather have excessive exposition and multiple seasons of GoT.Yeah, and as your sig implies, I think the major players involved with the show completely understand this.  from a book fan perspective of how I'd see my idealised adaptation I give it a 6/10. It was good with not too many objectionable departures. But it was not great, the way I wouild want it to be.Damn.  That's harsh.  I'm very satisfied overall, partly because of what Bronn mentions.  I understand the limitations.  So that said, I'm thrilled with what they pulled off within the limitations.  I love the casting.  Love it.  There isn't a single major character that I think is way off.
239	ravenfly	2011-08-11	Overall I was disappointed in season 1. I felt they left alot of important stuff out. They changed the appearance of alot of the characters.
I didn't like that they changed the maester's chain...why was they necessary? They didn't show any battles either and I know its expensive to film that but when Tyrion was in battle with the mountian tribes against the northmen he didn't get whacked in the head and lay out cold for the whole battle...he was very much involved and they made it look like he missed the whole thing and Shae....not at all the way she was in the books...not even the same kind of personality. Robb never has his direwolf by him, neither does Bran. I could go on and on but for all of you who have read the books probably already know what else bothered me.
I guess I just am so enthralled by the books that the show was such a letdown....I mean when has hollywood ever done justice to a book? Lord of the Rings was good and Chronicles of Narnia but even those were changed an awful lot from the books.
I don't have cable or HBO so I had to go to my cousin's (the only person around here that has also read the books) and watched the season over a long time so maybe if I watched it again more straight through I'd see stuff I missed the first time.
240	ravenfly	2011-08-11	I found Jeyne Westerling very hard to swallow in the books, Robb was so cunning and clever (or at least appeared to me) that I could not believe his stupidity to shun one of his best allies. Perhaps the show will cast a complete fitty to play Jeyne to try and explain away that annoyance! /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />I think that was Martin's purpose in the books to frustrate readers when he wrote that whole thing with Jeyne. It was setting up yet another defeat for the "good guys". I think Robb choosing Jeyne reinforced his age and immaturity reminding the readers that he is still just a "kid" and even though he has good battle instincts he really isn't good at non-military tactic.
241	Kingslayer	2011-08-11	I think that was Martin's purpose in the books to frustrate readers when he wrote that whole thing with Jeyne. It was setting up yet another defeat for the "good guys". I think Robb choosing Jeyne reinforced his age and immaturity reminding the readers that he is still just a "kid" and even though he has good battle instincts he really isn't good at non-military tactic.^^^ It definitely proved that Robb suffered from SIDS (Stark Incompetent Dumbass Syndrome). This irreversible- and often fatal- affliction is likely genetic, as his father, his Uncle Brandon, and his sister Sansa all struggled with it. Inconclusive evidence suggests it may also be contagious, as Catelyn and Ser Rodrik showed possible symptoms of the disease.
242	Joe Reed	2011-08-13	9.5/10
Very high score despite having a few qualms of course. The first book kind of lacked battle scenes to begin with but I think even people who didn't read the books probably thought it was kind of weak how they just knocked Tyrion out and oh hey, the battle is over, guy.
I also felt that their refusal to have flashback scenes really limited the series and made them go for the sexposition-technique that they ended up doing with the character Ros.
I disliked Ros a lot like most people. I figured she would just become Shae's character but she didn't and they actually introduced Shae as some really angry foreign chick instead.
Finally, I was meh with who they got to play LF. I liked the guy in The Wire alright and think he is a good actor, it is just that LF was pretty over-the-top slick in the books IMO, and the actor played him more low-key if that makes any sense.
Ultimately though, the show was awesome. Superb casting, great acting, great sets, solid fight scenes, good music, great acting, cute girls, British accents and great acting.
243	Rhaegar Stark	2011-09-17	It was a strong season. However, it wasn't an amazing one.
I'm looking more forward to season 2 and 3 than I ever was with season 1. I feel that way because i thought ACOK and ASOS were just superior books in terms to plotline and intensity. I mean, now we are actually in the thick of the WotFK. Don't know about you guys, but I'm really lookin' forward to season 2.
244	Jane Doe	2011-09-19	Liked the season generally, but two recurring complaints;1)Changes that seemed to be made for no reason at all. Like not having the comet. No huge deal, but since the comet starts off book 2, and every faction claims the comet as its own omen, why make the change? Did someone stop and say to themselves "lets get rid of the comet"? How much would a damn comet cost?2)Feeling the need to explain everything, and leaving out things that they can't "narrate". I know that novels and inner recollections are hard to translate to screen. I have no expectation that everything from the book will be part of the show. But do they have to pound things into our heads? Couldn't we have gotten a feel for Tywin without him giving Jaime the deer skinning speech?Couldn't we have figured LF out piece by piece, without him giving a speech to one of his hookers?The Wire was one of my favorite shows. Some people complained that it was hard to follow the plot and remember all of the characters, etc. But figuring it out, re-watching, etc , taking each scene as it came and piecing it together, without being spoon fed, or having someone give you a long speech to let you know what was going on, that was part of what made that show special.I was hoping that is what I'd see here, instead, it felt a bit more like the first Harry Potter movie, where there was lots of "gee-whiz, look at that magic stuff".Frankly, I think they wasted too much time trying to make it accessible to people who hadn't read the book. Instead, they should have made it of such high quality that people wanted to read the books. I agree with EVERYTHING, especially the comparison with The Wire. I was so disappointed when I realized how much we were being spoon fed here. If I wanted to be spoon fed, I could just open the TV and watch any network show. With HBO, I expect The Wire or The Sopranos, at least Boardwalk Empire quality, and frankly it fell short of that.You do realize that the broadcast version of The Wire was a commercial and ratings failure.  It has done reasonably well in DVD release, but if GoT had followed that model and achieved the same results, we'd never see it finished.  GoT is EXPENSIVE to make, in a way The Wire never was.  HBO is less concerned with ratings than other networks, but far from unconcerned.  Were D&D to listen to you, we could be 100% certain that A Storm of Swords would never make it to the screen.  It would go on the Firefly list of great shows that died in infancy.  I'd much rather have excessive exposition and multiple seasons of GoT. I definitely could understand your view. I guess it's just how we appreciated TV. For me, personally, I would rather watch 1 season of The Wire repeatedly for 6 times than to watch 6 seasons of, say, CSI. Because, so many years after Firefly people are still watch it, but how many people will remember True Blood after it's done?For me, the show is  6.5/10. I have read the book, so I have no idea how I would feel if I have't read the book. Apart from being spoon fed sometimes, a lot of details are lost in the translation. I know there are probably no way to translate "Ned, promise me" into any scene, but still, it a big part of the reading experience and it's not my viewing experience. Also, I think sometimes the scenes are too short. Flying to Winterfell to KL to Dothraki Sea so quickly, I'm not getting to spend any time with any character. It felt more like a procedure show than a serial show. Aye, I wish we have a 13 episodes season instead of 10, so this is hardly the show runner's error.
					
					
							Edited by Jane Doe, 19 September 2011 - 11:34 PM.
245	Just so..	2011-09-20	My only complaint is that it is too short.    They needed a couple more episodes to fill out the characters..they skipped over some interaction that was important to understanding the characters better.    Obviously being restricted to 10 episodes caused this, and our good directors would have loved more episodes to play with.
I give it an easy 8/10 though.. brilliant casting did it for me.  The scripts were awesome also.  They did do justice to A Game of Thrones.. although obviously they couldn't do it perfectly.
246	Hooper	2011-09-20	I agree with the length. Giving two to three more episodes would match many other popular shows these days. Perhaps HBO was being conservative for the first season, and we may see more.
With S2 approaching, I'm very pumped as we approach the Battle of the Blackwater.
247	littlespider	2011-09-23	I'd give it a 9.5/10, and I'm a huge fan of the books. I'm not wedded to the idea that it's got to rigidly adhere to the books: of course it can't! GoT is a loooooong book so inevitably, some material is going to be cut, or adapted for greater efficiency. Some changes irritated me (sexposition, lame drinking game with Shae) but were strongly compensated for by other truly fabulous aspects of the show: to name a few, Mark Addy's presence, everything about Michelle Fairley and Varys, and especially Peter Dinklage's amazing performance.Loved LF, loved Cat. No, she's not OLD. She's Ned's wife, and both of them are of a similar age, if not the same. Sean Bean married to a 30-something wouldn't work, especially with the aging up of the children.My personal, idiosyncratic quibble involved the reduction of roles of some favorite characters (the Hound especially). But see my point above about greater efficiency of narrative. Overall it was fine.As TV show: fabulous, tight, fast-moving, gripping. As book adaptation: same, the key word is 'adaptation.' It's a different medium, different work of art, it's going to be different, and it should be different.The big question is what the heck do I do with myself while anxiously awaiting the next season?ETA: it was interesting to see small changes they made to either "soften" up characters or "harden" them to make their agendas more clear. They removed Cat's brutal "It should have been you" and Sansa's informing Cersei of the Starks' imminent departure from KL. These moves would have been tougher to stomach on TV. Many book readers have never forgiven Cat and Sansa: my guess is that even fewer viewers would have forgiven them. Likewise Jaime's story about Aerys: B & W want to get the audience invested in him as a complicated person rather than having many non-book readers write him off as that evil man who chucked Bran out the window.
					
					
							Edited by littlespider, 23 September 2011 - 09:57 AM.
248	Hooper	2011-09-23	I'm post-tv reader, and I still remember reading how harsh Cat was to Jon. Had I seen that on the show, yes - you're correct, no forgiveness.
249	Skore	2011-09-23	I thought the interpretation was good, the pacing was off and to be honest - with fantasy series/movies being so niche, a little bit of spoon feeding was needed to garner a wide audience and keep them up to speed.
But the pacing.....frustrated me sometimes. No Battle of the Green Fork yet we had 10 minutes spare to hear about Robert's first kill? Don't get me wrong I liked some of the new interactions added for TV such as LF and Varys/Robert & Cersei's marriage counseling session. But I think the viewers would have been better served with a bit more discussion on how cold-hearted and cunning Tywin Lannister is and a bit more explanation of the Kingsguard and why Jaime has such a stain on his name; Kingslayer in the TV show doesn't nearly carry as much contempt in the TV show as it should.
250	Azerate	2011-09-23	I watched the show before reading (well I did read half of asos few years ago but long forgot all of it) and IMO it was great and I really loved it. It made me read the whole series and I'm not your usual bookworm (which I am not ashame of btw, I don't believe preferring some hobby over another makes me inferior) but when I got interested I drill through the books like mad.
When reading aGOT after watching the 1st season of the tv series I felt that it was nearly identical to the adaptation, yes some minor things were left out but I noticed only 2 major differences. First of them being Jon and his relationship with Catelyn. I had no idea why didn't she want him to say goodbye to Bran in the tv episode (it was the only scene of her hate towards him basically). Second of them was the time Tyrion's childhood was presented, it also served to make Shae actually more human than she was in the book (like she really cared for him). Other than that it was pretty much a carbon copy which I've liked.
PS. Forgot about the battle in which Tyrion participated, it was completely removed which wasn't the best but I guess they had to do it to fit everything into 10 episodes.
251	King Harren	2011-09-24	Disappointed with portrayal of the Hound, he came across as more of a kindly uncle than the murderous, hate-filled, mentally disturbed individual he really is.
252	gmoney88	2011-10-14	I'm honestly amazed that so many people didn't love the show. This is probably the most respectful, faithful, and accurate adaption of a book series ever! Let alone a fantasy series!
I was totally blown away. Every episode stunned me with its professionalism, attention to detail, and clear devotion to the source material. So what if minor things are different? Its a TV series that is NOT aimed at people who read the books, and has limited time and a limited budget.
People keep complaining about Ros but having a recurring whore who likes to talk was a very clever way to get multiple characters to speak openly. TV shows have to think of ways to deliver information without internal monologues. Ros was a great way to get around this.
And on the battle scenes, when was the last time a TV show has giant armies clashing? You people are just dreaming.
On the matter of "spoon feeding", you have to understand that most viewers are not like you, they do not analyze what every character says. The show is already a challenge to follow with the huge amount of characters and political information that you need to keep track of. TV shows have to keep things moving, and they can't afford to risk confusing people. I thought the writing was highly intelligent, and its no fault that it makes things clear.
For me this show is 10/10, every episode. In terms of real literary value, it is admittedly behind The Wire, Deadwood, and Rome. But for thrilling plots, memorable characters, and straight epicness, HBO's Game of Thrones is a triumph.
The show could not possibly be better. A+ for actors, cinematography, writing, music, set design, costume design, effects, all of it.
I only recently read through the series, but I'd think that long time readers would see this series as nothing less than a miracle. You have no idea how lucky you are to get an adaption like this, because it NEVER happens.
253	StannisandDaeny	2011-10-15	It was great. I was stunned by how well some scenes reflected my original imagination when I first read the books, and after seeing Terry Goodkind's series butchered by the television it was a relief to see how true they stayed to the books.The changes there were I could understand and I even applaud the book and series not being exactly the same. The last scene with Daeny and her dragons or where the killer attacks Cat for example were almost exactly as I imagined them. There were some good adaptions like having Ned fight Jaime, I always felt Ned deserved more action than he did in the books. Skipping the battles is lame but apart from budget problems (imagine how much they must spend on all those different actors), there may also not have been much time for a large fighting scene. There were enough small fighting scenes to keep me satisfied with the action however.The casting was also great but for a few characters who seemed way weaker in terms of personality and character than they should have been (Renly, Jon Snow) and also a little older (like Catelyn was supposed to be a beautiful woman) or just plainly wrong-looking (Theon, Renly) but it didn't overly bother me because other characters were cast extremely well like Daenerys and Gendry, who looks exactly the way I imagined him. The series also has some actors like James Cosmo (the Old Bear), Owen Teale (Alliser Thorne), David Bradley (Walder Frey), Charles Dance (Tywin Lannister) who I really liked seeing again. The only one who didn't really convince me was the Greatjon, for some reason. He just seemed over the top. Also, a 10/10 for the costumes and armour.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 October 2011 - 04:50 AM.
254	Sakaea	2012-02-15	I just finished watching season 1 for the third time, in preparation for the season 2 premiere on April 1.
Every time I watch the series, I'm just in awe of how well they did. The costumes and props were perfect, the casting was wonderful, the music beautiful, and even tho they had to cut some things out, I think they did a grand job overall.
My favorite characters in the show were Tyrion, Danaerys, and Arya, oddly enough. In the books, I didn't like Tyrion much, but Peter Dinklage really brought him to life. I'm very much looking forward to the continuation of Arya's storyline in season 2. And Dany's storyline in season one was just perfect. The ending of the last episode was so good it gave me goosebumps. The dragons were better than I'd dared to hope.
I saw a preview the other day for season 2, and it looks like it's going to be even better than season 1, if that's possible.
All in all, I'm highly pleased with the HBO series, and I just hope they can keep it up.
255	Leto Atreides	2012-02-28	I saw the show first, read Game of Thrones and then watched the show again. I liked the serie a lot more the second time because I knew about the characters. It also made some of the flaws stand out.
I thought some of the extensive nudity scenes were not needed at all. Especially Petyr giving lessons to the 2 whores and Viserys taking a bath with his servant girl. 20 minutes of precious time down the drain that could have been used for better purpose. Such as including  the scene where the Hound explains to Sansa what happened to his face.
Tyrion getting knocked out during the battle was also disappointing.
For season 2, I think they will be able to include the battle of King's Landing by making us see it from Tyrion's POV on top of the walls. It's Davos' POV on his ship that would cost a fortune in special effects. They can also minimize Tyrion's sortie by removing the ship bridge and just making him attack the ram.
256	Rhaegar Targaryen's Ghost	2012-02-29	I saw the show first, read Game of Thrones and then watched the show again. I liked the serie a lot more the second time because I knew about the characters. It also made some of the flaws stand out.I thought some of the extensive nudity scenes were not needed at all. Especially Petyr giving lessons to the 2 whores and Viserys taking a bath with his servant girl. 20 minutes of precious time down the drain that could have been used for better purpose. Such as including  the scene where the Hound explains to Sansa what happened to his face.i couldn't have put that better myself. i watched, read, and watched the same as you, and i felt the same way. at least in the viserys bath scene he is talking about something relevant, little fingers scene with the whores was totally unnecessary, he could have said all of the same stuff in 30 seconds at another time. i'm hoping that because book two is even more in depth that there won't be room for those pointless scenes.
257	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-03-17	I'd give season 1 9.0/10.  I didn't like many of the changes (like making Theon more sympathetic, Shae, Renly, and The Hound) but it was still great.  I love the sets and shooting locations.  I wish it was easier to shoot with animals because the season could have done with more of the Direwolves.  The scene where Robb saves Bran with Summer and Greywind was much cooler in the book, same with Jon killing the wight.  I recognize the budget constraints though and overall this season was great.
As for the added scenes, yes some of them were pointless.  The Littlefinger and Viserys scenes were pretty pointless.  However I thought the Jamie/Tywin scene was excellent and was the best addition to the show.  I just thought it was wonderful and was a hell of an introduction to Tywin.
258	K1NGSLAYER	2012-03-17	I really liked season 1, there wasn't an episode I didn't like. I actually liked that they made Theon more sympathetic because it wil make what happens in A Clash of Kings even harder to bear. My only problem with the first season is the lack of the direwolves but I understand that it would have been hard to shoot with the dogs, so I'm looking forward to hopefully seeing more of the direwolves in season 2.  I thought the sets and costumes were fantastic, as was the acting. I liked most of the added scenes and the Jaime/Tywin scene and the Bran/Luwin/Theon scene were both great.I was a bit disappointed that they didn't show the battle of the green fork but it looks like they have more then made up for it in season 2. I think that the season keeps getting better and better every time I watch it and i'm really looking forward to the second season.
259	lyvyathan	2012-03-17	Having read the Book and watched the production - I'd give the HBO production a 9/10. I think the casting, the writers, and most esp the design, set props etc.. was simply magnificent. Well compare it to other book - to film adaptations - like the Frank Herbert Dune series, and this has done pretty well.
One small complain I had was the use of the prostitute Ros as a "crowd puller" and as a plot device to help advance the story plot - which I thought was unnecessary.
260	lyvyathan	2012-03-17	Tyrion getting knocked out during the battle was also disappointing.Actually I thought it was a pretty good revision. I thought that Tyrion's uber fighting skills as portrayed in the book seemed a little too far fetched. Yes, of course we have dragons, white walkers, krakens - but I don't think my imagination could stand seeing another "Gimili" or "Yoda (Prequel version). Just me of course /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I mean Tyrion's very smart, a "stud" with the girls, and he's also an amazing fighter as well... wait does that mean he's also going to be a dragon fighter pilot too? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
261	Songlian	2012-03-18	Loved the first season. Would give it a 8-8.5, with the last episode being my favorite.
Leaving aside the small issues that bothered me when I first saw it - lack of battles, no direwolves, etc - its biggest achievement imo was the actors' game. The cast made me like characters I never thought I would - Dany, Jorah, Jon, Arya, and many others.
262	Lady Lilac	2012-03-18	I liked the first season a lot and was what made me want to read the books in the first place. 
Overall I'd give it a 8.5-9.0/10 since there were some changes that I really didn't like. Mainly series Renly as opposed to book Renly and most, if not all, Ros scenes. Still, the strong point of the series was in the actors and casting and for that I really appreciate HBO
263	Gurney Halleck	2012-03-18	I enjoyed it thoroughly. I think the main thing to remember is that discussions about it here are always bound to be pretty positive; I mean, we are all fanish and committed enough to hold profiles here at Westeros and actively seek discussion.
Being a book reader, I was filled with hope and doubt for the series.
But really, it fucking rocked.
My Girlfriend and several friends were interested because they could see my level of enthusiasm. but, due to the complexity and setting, were in the end impressed/confused/shocked (Baelor) and also a fair bit of MEH.
I hope as a community we can continue to be honest and impartial with what we all know is very well understood source material, especially by forum members like us.
264	Independent George	2012-03-19	ETA: it was interesting to see small changes they made to either "soften" up characters or "harden" them to make their agendas more clear. They removed Cat's brutal "It should have been you" and Sansa's informing Cersei of the Starks' imminent departure from KL. These moves would have been tougher to stomach on TV. Many book readers have never forgiven Cat and Sansa: my guess is that even fewer viewers would have forgiven them.I'm post-tv reader, and I still remember reading how harsh Cat was to Jon. Had I seen that on the show, yes - you're correct, no forgiveness.I can't speak for anyone else, but the reason I dislike Cat so much isn't because of Jon Snow (though that didn't help). It's because of Tyrion and Jaime. She basically starts the War of the Five Kings singlehandedly, and then 
	Spoiler releases Jaime
 for purely selfish, emotional, shortsighted reasons. She's really not much better than Lysa or Cersei in that regard.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 19 March 2012 - 04:16 PM.
265	Leuf	2012-03-19	I can't speak for anyone else, but the reason I dislike Cat so much isn't because of Jon Snow (though that didn't help). It's because of Tyrion and Jaime. She basically starts the War of the Five Kings singlehandedly,Yeah, the way she tried to kill Bran, then sent herself a letter blaming the Lannisters for it, then set that fire and planted a dead guy in Bran's room and cut up her hand and blamed the Lannisters for that, and then went down to KL and tricked LF into pinning the dagger on the Lannisters too, and then tracked down Tyrion across the seven kingdoms so she could kidnap him.
266	Independent George	2012-03-19	Yeah, the way she tried to kill Bran, then sent herself a letter blaming the Lannisters for it, then set that fire and planted a dead guy in Bran's room and cut up her hand and blamed the Lannisters for that, and then went down to KL and tricked LF into pinning the dagger on the Lannisters too, and then tracked down Tyrion across the seven kingdoms so she could kidnap him.Just because someone else baited the trap doesn't mean she needed to step into it. Right up until the moment she abducted Tyrion, nothing was set in stone; afterwards, it was unavoidable.
267	The hairy bear	2012-03-20	Just because someone else baited the trap doesn't mean she needed to step into it. Right up until the moment she abducted Tyrion, nothing was set in stone; afterwards, it was unavoidable.Please, restrict the old Cat-bashing to the specific threads. There's already too many of them.Anyway, you are totally wrong. The war would also had taken place without Cat's seizing Tyrion. Eddard would also have discovered about the incest. And specifically, if Tyrion had arrived to KL with the news that he had discovered Catelyn traveling undercover in the Riverlands, Cersei would have acted at once.
268	mmp	2012-03-22	Having read GoT prior, I thought HBO did a near-perfect job, considering the budget & episode constraints.
My only critique is the extent to which they sexed things up. I expect sex and violence in a GoT adaptation, but the producers decided to fill in some backstory (Greyjoys, Targaryens, Littlefinger) with ridiculous sex scenes.
I think these are important stories to tell, but if you need to constantly flash tits to hold your audience then you're doing something wrong.
I think that the Arys backstory told through Robert, Selmy, and Jaime is a model for how they should fill plot gaps. No gimmicks, just people standing around talking.
269	mmp	2012-03-22	Also, if HBO's audience expects a raw production, don't be pussies about it and pretend that men don't have penises. Every sex scene in GoT successfully hides the male genitalia, or refuses to show an aroused penis.HBO's GoT is a confused mix of dramatic acting and softcore pornography, and they're failing at both because of their ambivalence.I would prefer if they just focused on drama.
270	opark77	2012-03-22	Also, if HBO's audience expects a raw production, don't be pussies about it and pretend that men don't have penises. Every sex scene in GoT successfully hides the male genitalia, or refuses to show an aroused penis.HBO's GoT is a confused mix of dramatic acting and softcore pornography, and they're failing at both because of their ambivalence.I would prefer if they just focused on drama.Depicting sex is not automatically pornography. Littlefinger's training scene is not staged to arouse in my opinion but it was one of their shakier moments of invention. The Viserys and Doreah scene was pretty far from ridiculous and again seemingly not intended to arouse (why make it so awkward and degrading if your aim is pornography rather than characterisation?) Theon's scene with Ros was again pretty far from arousing - the end of the act and a fair amount of violence are not exactly pornographic. I wonder who you would have had Theon talk to? Viserys sleeping with Doreah is referenced in the book so I can't even see that one as invention.  Male genitalia in season 1 = 2, female genitalia in season 1 = 1. Aroused genitalia of either gender in season 1 = 0.
					
					
							Edited by opark77, 23 March 2012 - 03:04 AM.
271	Syprox	2012-03-23	My main complaint with season 1 is The Hound... I believe his character's been completely toned down/wasted relative to the book.
272	stormborns	2012-03-26	My biggest fear is a season two then a cancellation. MY next biggest fear of coarse is that five seasons get completed but we still haven't seen book six and probably won't for another 10 years.oh nohelppp
273	teemo	2012-03-27	I think it's weird/cool that Joffrey recommended a standing Royal Army of 10,000 men.
274	Independent George	2012-03-27	I'm re-watching the season in preparation for Sunday; I had an inadvertent laugh watching episode 3.JAIME: What has the boy told them?CERSEI: Nothing. He said nothing, he remembers nothing.JAIME: Then what are you raving about?CERSEI: What if it comes back to him? And he tells his father what he saw.JAIME: We'll say he was lying. We'll say he was dreaming. We'll say whatever we like. I think we can outfox a ten year old.Yeah... I wouldn't be so sure about that, pardner.I think it's weird/cool that Joffrey recommended a standing Royal Army of 10,000 men.Joffrey actually said he wanted 10,000 men from each Kingdom. So, 70,000-80,000 regulars in total, depending on if you count the Riverlands.
275	lostinwesteros	2012-03-28	I raced through all 5 books, then just had to get HBO, and watched the whole season, loved it!  Now I've almost finished watching the series for a second time, and there are things that I'm just now catching on to.  
One example - when reading the book, I couldn't figure out whose voices Arya overheard talking of killing Ned (when she chased the cat way down in the chambers at the bottom of the keep).  It was only seeing the series the second time that I was able to see that the two men talking were Varys and Illyrio!  That puts an entirely different spin on every subsequent reference to either or both for the rest of the books that I had completely missed.
So - loved it and can't wait for April 1st . . . and can't ever bear to think how long we'll have to wait for TWOW!
276	nightwisp	2012-04-21	I loved it! And my husband who has never read the books got addicted to the show, he especially liked the Dothraki scenes. Sure, there were a lot of things left out which is in the book but the most important points, and plots were left in.  Most of the characters were as I expected, but i agree they cast Cat a bit too old, but considering this is medieval times, Cat has given birth and raised 5 children and tended to an enormous household, it would age anyone, so Cat looking older would be logical. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I especially liked the casting of Walder Frey. What a scrooge! lol Overall, I'd give the 1st season a 9.
					
					
							Edited by nightwisp, 21 April 2012 - 09:02 AM.
277	House Balstroko	2012-04-21	As of now, this is the best book adaption I've ever seen. The characters played their parts well and I'm glad the producers decided to go for lesser known actors, in general. My only minor gripe was not seing Mya Stone and the climb to the Eyrie.
278	justashadow	2012-04-22	The show got me hooked and I'm now reading the books!!
279	GoldenFleece	2012-04-23	A big complaint of mine is the show not making the Targaryans have purple eyes, I mean why?
I have seen Emilia Clarke photoshopped with purple eyes and she looks absolutely memorising, I just don't understand - all it would have taken was purple contact lenses.  It makes them otherworldly and unique.
280	Teren_Kanan	2011-06-22	In the finale there was a scene with Pycell and Roz. When she left he did some quick exercises, walking perfectly straight to the door, then hunched over and began breathing heavy again intentionally. I can't remember anything like this with the Maester in the books. Am I just forgetting something?
281	Nearly Headless Ned	2011-06-22	I don't think so.Not explicitly. But he does seem to lay it on a bit thick in the books now I come to think about it. Rather amusing scene.
282	CryFenril	2011-06-22	In the books, there's a scene where he's talking with Ned about Jon Arryn, and we are given subtle hints that Pycelle is not as frail as he makes himself out to be (something to do with his eyes, though I don't remember the exact passage). Then there's the surprise when Tyrion and Shagga find him with a young serving girl in bed, when Tyrion toddles off to "question" him about the message to Dorne. There are likely others that I have not brought to mind yet also. 
The idea may have been to take those subtle hints and wrap them up into one not-so-subtle one - that being, Pycelle uses his "advanced age" to mask the fact that he is in fact a player as well. He is not as frail as he makes himself out to be, and uses this to remain in a position of power without seeming to be a threat. Much like Littlefinger, come to think of it...
283	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-22	And hadn't he taken off his Maester's chain? I thought that a Maester never took his chain off. But then if Pycelle is going to break his vow of celibacy (to father no children) I doubt he'd care.
284	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	And hadn't he taken off his Maester's chain? I thought that a Maester never took his chain off. But then if Pycelle is going to break his vow of celibacy (to father no children) I doubt he'd care.I don't think that particular aspect of the chain has to be a factor in the show since they have already altered the look of it. It's a nice bit of fluff but it doesn't make any crucial point.
285	Gnomestress	2011-06-22	I always got the impression that Pycelle slept with younger women because he thought it kept him young (no real evidence, just my opinion)  The little round of exercises he did fit into that particular scene to me.  My only complaint was that his robe was too see through and the light behind him was too bright.  Some things can't be unseen. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
286	D_Richard	2011-06-22	It was a nice scene to spell out the Grand Maester's guise (tool for survival). Such things are necessary for television.Some thought it wasn't subtle enough and that it went on too long. For others it was too subtle because they missed the point of the scene entirely.I thought it was just right.
287	Anomandaris86	2011-06-22	I always got the impression that Pycelle slept with younger women because he thought it kept him young (no real evidence, just my opinion)  The little round of exercises he did fit into that particular scene to me.  My only complaint was that his robe was too see through and the light behind him was too bright.  Some things can't be unseen. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />That would be nothing compared to his arrest scene if they do it like the books. I was thinking for sure that they wouldn't do it that way, but now after seeing this last scene there's the faintest chance that it will be like the book. I hope so.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
288	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-22	I always got the impression that Pycelle slept with younger women because he thought it kept him young (no real evidence, just my opinion)Making him feel younger. Sure. But I don't think a Maester would believe it would make him physically younger. I doubt it would even be good exercise for him, since it seems he kept up his pretenses during the sex and let Ros do all the work. Ros who looked thoroughly unenthused, and unsatisfied.Maester Pycell's servant girl in the books was young. I remember Eddard making a comment about it. Way younger than Ros in the TV show. Which is consistent with HBO's attempt to age the pedophilia out of the books.In the books, I always assumed he liked them young simply because they were smoking hot nubiles, and he is a dirty pedophile!! If he had some practical reasons, I'd venture it would have to be the fact that the young ones are less likely to have horrible diseases down bellow, or maybe he is just a dirty pedophile!!Random thought: Is there a "sexy" ring in a Maester's chain? What metal is it made of?
289	Lion of Venice	2011-06-22	I have no idea what that scene was about, it confused me and changed the tone of the episode quite a lot.
Random Roz and her sexposition strikes again.
290	D_Richard	2011-06-22	I doubt it would even be good exercise for him, since it seems he kept up his pretenses during the sex and let Ros do all the work. Ros who looked thoroughly unenthused, and unsatisfied.Random thought: Is there a "sexy" ring in a Maester's chain? What metal is it made of?She definitely gave off that vibe... which is the effect Pycelle was going for we suppose. The look on her face was pretty priceless when his rambling about Aerys, Robert and Joffrey had strayed away from his initial point and he trailed off.I have no idea what that scene was about, it confused me and changed the tone of the episode quite a lot.Random Roz and her sexposition strikes again.Way to read the thread, chief.
					
					
							Edited by D_Richard, 22 June 2011 - 04:42 PM.
291	Merentha	2011-06-22	I have no idea what that scene was about, it confused me and changed the tone of the episode quite a lot.Random Roz and her sexposition strikes again.At this point, I'm hoping that Roz will be revealed to be Varys' spy the entire time.  She'll at least serve more of a purpose then.  Pycelle, however, had me laughing once I realized what he was up to.  At first, the scene seemed really strangely paced and pointless, but once he looked at the door all straight and proud, then sank down into his normal doddering walk, I just had to laugh.  It never occurred to me in the books that Pycelle was ever really a cunning person, but I suppose he'd have to be to still be in power.edit:  All I could think of was "you clever bastard..." once I saw his game.  Good move, HBO.
					
					
							Edited by Merentha, 22 June 2011 - 05:32 PM.
292	Envie	2011-06-22	I felt like the only reason they threw this strange Pycelle scene in there (which wasn't in the book at all) was to remind watchers of the corruption going on with the three main characters on the 'small council' so the watcher better understands the job Tyrion has ahead of him to clean up the mess that's being made. There's also the throne room verbal sparring between Littlefinger and Varys (again) to further aid the watcher in understanding how these people are all vying for power within their own little circle around the throne and some of them, even Pycelle, are hiding their true intentions and whose 'side' (if there is one) they are on.
At first I thought "was this scene really necessary?" - but then I realized, without reading the entire first or second book, you probably wouldn't understand at all how immensely complicated and corrupt things are. Everyone probably assumes Pycelle is this ancient old fool whose blind to everything going on when in fact he's quite the opposite. Maybe this goofy scene with Roz is a tool to convey a hint at the drama to come in season 2 once Tyrion arrives to take charge as the Hand.
293	Lion of Venice	2011-06-23	Way to read the thread, chief.I'm sorry, what's your problem?
294	Anomandaris86	2011-06-23	Imagine this as a job for a CGI artist:
You have to map a stream of piss to the slinging of an old man's dick.
295	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-23	I always got the impression that Pycelle slept with younger women because he thought it kept him young (no real evidence, just my opinion)  The little round of exercises he did fit into that particular scene to me.  My only complaint was that his robe was too see through and the light behind him was too bright.  Some things can't be unseen. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />No matter what age you are, if youre a man you want to sleep with young woman.Being in a powerfull position as his makes it easy to get women.
296	Gnomestress	2011-06-23	No matter what age you are, if youre a man you want to sleep with young woman.Being in a powerfull position as his makes it easy to get women.Agreed!In another thread someone mentioned that an older Tyrion wouldn't be attracted to Book Shae but instead was more suited to Show Shae.  He said something along the lines of how an older Tyrion would want someone more mature and less girlish.I replied by suggesting he look at Hugh Heffner...now that I think about it though, this could also apply to Donald Trump, Nicholas Cage, and good old Ronald Reagan (although Nancy was only 10 years his junior).Don't worry, Cercei.  Cougars need love too!
297	Emo Targaryen	2011-06-24	I think apart from the enjoyments of sex, this scene also had a different purpose for GM Pycelle: He knows Roz is a spy for Littlefinger (but LF does not know GMP knows - or at least GMP thinks so) and by doing the "senile old man" act even in her presence (when most men show their true self), he hopes to give LF the impression that he is in fact only an old man, of no danger to everyone.
I'm curious whether Roz will get some real character development in the second season or whether she will continue to serve as a tool for other people's character development - a job she's doing fine.
298	Delta1212	2011-06-24	I don't know if it was just my own imagination or what, but I always thought Pycelle was characterized as being a lot sharper and more involved than he pretended he was. 
I remember when I read the conversation between him and Ned about the cause of Jon Arryn's death, my reading of him in that went something along the lines of "He knows Jon Arryn was murdered and is trying to dissuade Ned from that line of thinking without being too obvious about it." and then when Ned suggests poison as a woman's weapon "He knows Cersei was behind it and wants to try throwing suspicion off of her and onto Vary."
Actually, I haven't really thought critically about that scene since the first time I read it. Now I'm wondering whether or not he really did know the truth about Jon Arryn's death...
					
					
							Edited by Delta1212, 24 June 2011 - 02:44 PM.
299	Aoife	2011-06-24	I don't think he knew the full truth. I think he tried to lead Ned at least a little towards the conclusion he (P) had drawn, while also seeding other plausible ideas, but I think he would have been surprised at the actual killer.
	Spoiler Plus I really don't think he would have predicted the mover behind the killer, either; he would have assumed they were the same person.
I think that he probably had a strong belief that Cersei was behind it, and thus Pycelle deliberately didn't purge Jon Arryn because he thought she wanted Arryn dead.
300	Horus Ex Machina	2011-06-25	Wow, I just got banned from the 'Something Awful' Forums for expressing this opinion I didn't like the Littlefinger-banging scene either since it could have been handled differently even if they kept the whores in the scence. However, with that said, I do think that there is a default switch in most ppls minds to instantly dislike any scene that Roz is in and that's way overly simplistic. Many ppl seemed to completely miss, or otherwise misinterpret, the significance of the Roz/Pycelle scene bc of that, and I actually think that the scene was well performed. Even Roz' acting was believable and nuanced, but ppl are now conditioned to turn their brains off as soon as she comes on screen. Personally I don't think that she's been a bad addition or that the information and things that they chose to use her character as means to convey were wrong. They have a limited amount of time to convey an almost limitless amount of information and one of the best ways to get that done is through excessive monologues. Well in a world where telling your secrets can get you killed one of the few believable times when a person is at their most truthful is post-coitus. Also remember that, just as the Spider uses his little boys, Littlefinger's whores are not only his employees, any one of them could also be a potential part of his information network. Part of the reason why Pycelle chooses to feed Roz unintelligible nonsense.  Now I was expressing an opinion there.  Somebody please tell me what's wrong with that.
301	D_Richard	2011-06-26	Wow, I just got banned from the 'Something Awful' Forums for expressing this opinion   Now I was expressing an opinion there.  Somebody please tell me what's wrong with that.I think agree with every sentiment except that I liked the scene you first reference.Was it this post alone that they banned you for, or was it the ensuing argument?
302	Horus Ex Machina	2011-06-26	I think agree with every sentiment except that I liked the scene you first reference.Was it this post alone that they banned you for, or was it the ensuing argument?Nope, just that post.  They were very specific and gave no reason other than, "you should know what you did wrong".  You can't even protest bc they're policy is that basically f-you, you were being an idiot.  And you have to pay for the pleasure of being insulted on that forum.  I've learned my lesson.  Never join a forum that you have to pay for.Ppl hte u bc yr dmb. User loses posting privileges for 3 days.That's a direct quote.  And they linked that post which was the last of the day for me.  Just,... wow.  If anyone can tell me what I did wrong I'd appreciate it.  Perhaps level minds can make sense of it.Here's a link.  Like I said, if I did something wrong, fine. But I just don't think that, in a forum that requires you to make a one-time payment for membership, you should have to guess what random statement might get some keyboard warrior to ban you.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 26 June 2011 - 01:18 AM.
303	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-26	I don't think he knew the full truth. I think he tried to lead Ned at least a little towards the conclusion he (P) had drawn, while also seeding other plausible ideas, but I think he would have been surprised at the actual killer.
	Spoiler Plus I really don't think he would have predicted the mover behind the killer, either; he would have assumed they were the same person.I think that he probably had a strong belief that Cersei was behind it, and thus Pycelle deliberately didn't purge Jon Arryn because he thought she wanted Arryn dead.
@ spoiler: that's not how I read the conversation. I think he suspected who the poisoner was but not why they did the poisoning.
	Spoiler But he saw it as an opportunity to do Cersei a favour.
304	Aoife	2011-06-27	Nope, just that post.  They were very specific and gave no reason other than, "you should know what you did wrong".  You can't even protest bc they're policy is that basically f-you, you were being an idiot.  And you have to pay for the pleasure of being insulted on that forum.  I've learned my lesson.  Never join a forum that you have to pay for.That's a direct quote.  And they linked that post which was the last of the day for me.  Just,... wow.  If anyone can tell me what I did wrong I'd appreciate it.  Perhaps level minds can make sense of it.Here's a link.  Like I said, if I did something wrong, fine. But I just don't think that, in a forum that requires you to make a one-time payment for membership, you should have to guess what random statement might get some keyboard warrior to ban you.It's your abbreviating. (Thus the ban message.) You can't use u, ur, ppl, bc, etc.
305	Inigima	2011-06-27	Your Leper's Colony entry makes it pretty clear. SA is big on proper typing. Don't write "ppl" and "bc."
Anyway, you were just probated, not banned. In 3 days you can post again. Probation isn't a big deal, as long as you don't keep doing it.
EDIT: You registered a month ago? You may want to lurk more, or at least read the rules. We take them seriously.
					
					
							Edited by Inigima, 27 June 2011 - 06:09 PM.
306	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-28	A forum that puts people on probation for not using proper language you say? I think I might have to check that one out.
307	D_Richard	2011-06-28	A forum that puts people on probation for not using proper language you say? I think I might have to check that one out.That's what it was? Grammar?Hmm... I think I applaud that actually. Sorry, Horus.
308	Inigima	2011-06-28	SA has a lot of flaws too but its policies and moderation are really good. My home away from home for years now.
309	Lord Varys	2011-07-04	The point of the Pycelle scene clearly is to show that he is not just the old walking corps various kings use to read their proclamations. Until that point he is just a walking corpse who apparently does everything he is told rather sloooowlyyy.
But Pycelle really makes himself more frail and old than he really is in the books. He especially likes to use his age as an excuse if he doesn't want to talk about something (in the scene with Ned and him about Jon Arryn).
The time in the black cells clearly broke him somewhat, but he still is not yet the walking corpse as which he appears to Tyrion later, and to Jaime/Cersei in AFfC. We actually see that this guy who is well in his 80s is Cersei's most competent advisor during her time as Queen Regent.
The series needed to establish that he is (somewhat) on the same level as Varys and Littlefinger, especially as most of his corpses are going to be dragged into the light in the next season. Meaning his involvement in Jon Arryn's death, and his treasonous counsel to Aerys. Most especially his weirdo loyalty to Tywin and Cersei. In the TV series he is not suspected to be a Lannister crony, as of yet, I assume.
This should not come totally out of the blue. Pycelle needs to behave somewhat suspicious, and this scene introduced the concept that he is more than capable of deception. You have to be really suspicious and paranoid if you play the old fool with a whore, as you most likely use whores to have sex, for which you have to be physically active - at least, to a degree ;-).
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 04 July 2011 - 11:01 PM.
310	Lord Mord	2011-07-04	I liked the scene.  It just made the character for me, and it helps remind us that in King's Landing everybody is working an angle.We normally see Pycelle as so essentially, morally, physically defeated he has to drag himself everywhere, as though barely alive ... a position of such abject humiliation that surely it must be in spite of his best efforts.  To then learn that he is actually able, and for his age pretty sturdy, and that hunching over and shuffling and the hangdog expression are a deliberate pretense which nobody, not even the slickest operators in King's Landing would ever suspect, is exquisitely funny.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Caspen, 04 July 2011 - 11:27 PM.
311	wvlr	2011-07-08	I have watched the entire first season more as a critic than with any real enthusiasm.    (To me, TV & Movie remakes of great books tend to be severely lacking and more often than not <U+0096> ruin the whole thing).    Having already read the books (multiple times) I already know where most everything is going and HBO (plus many others) tend to add excessive (and frequently unnecessary) sex clips that make it hard for me to find the time (when my kids are not around).     So mostly I am just watching the thing in the background while doing other things and checking out the characters playing each part.     Thinking Great Ned<U+0085>..,  Great Littlefinger<U+0085><U+0085>.,     Sansa is too old but good<U+0085>..,   Joffery is too old but good<U+0085>..   and so on. 
When I got to this scene, I thought <U+0085>.   Oh, God ANOTHER pointless sex scene.     There was Pycell just babbling away.      Then when she left, he just FLOWED into a completely different person.       Then he goes up to the door handle and FLOWED back to his other faAade.    It absolutely floored me.      It was Great!     I had to replay that scene several times to convince myself it was not a fluke.
I never remember him being discussed much on these boards, but reading this thread,  I guess that there were some clues in the books.     Now, I can<U+0092>t help but wonder what will the do with him next?
312	EndrewSnow	2011-09-26	Good thread! 
I agree with the synopsis that Grand Maester Pycelle is as big a player of the rest of the council, clearly being more vigorous of body then he let's on but is of course prong to mental wanderings due to his advanced age. I thought the scene was a neat glimpse into the never seen side of pycelles character. Old and scheming and half crazy maybe but he's still a man...
313	BrosBeforeSnows	2011-09-27	In the finale there was a scene with Pycell and Roz. When she left he did some quick exercises, walking perfectly straight to the door, then hunched over and began breathing heavy again intentionally. I can't remember anything like this with the Maester in the books. Am I just forgetting something? Since we don't get any scenes from Pycelle's POV in the book, it's difficult to say what GRRM intended for his character. But I can imagine, if it's on the show, GRRM probably gave it his seal of approval.
314	mediocre cheese	2011-09-28	I think he said that the show has his approval as a concept, but that he has no control over whats in it. Hypothetically they could make stannis win the battle of the blackwater and he wouldn't be able to stop them. That said he only gave approval for the creation of the show on the understanding that no major changes would be made.
I think he said that while most of the changes he liked, (the moon door, osha) he wouldn't have included the hunting scene. Which I agree with, the scene sucked. The king's multiple day hunt is 4 dudes and 1 spear, wtf?
315	Lady Olenna	2011-12-30	The series needed to establish that he is (somewhat) on the same level as Varys and Littlefinger, especially as most of his corpses are going to be dragged into the light in the next season. Meaning his involvement in Jon Arryn's death, and his treasonous counsel to Aerys.It's been a while since I have read the books but I am currently re-reading and on ASOS - but I can't recall if Pycelle did have any involvement in John Arryn's death nor can I recall his treasonous council to Aerys??I am truly drawing a complete blank...
316	The hairy bear	2011-12-30	I can't recall if Pycelle did have any involvement in John Arryn's death nor can I recall his treasonous council to Aerys??
	Spoiler Pycelle thought that Jon Arryn had been poisoned by Cersei, and didn't even attempt to heal him when he was brought to him. (Although in truth jon had received the Tears of Lys from Lysa.And having been a Tywin fanboy his entire live, it was him that conviced Aerys to open the gates of KL during the war. This ended with his death and the sack of the city.
317	Lady Olenna	2011-12-30	Thank you Hairy Bear!
I remembered the bit about Lysa (when reading I thought it was clever - Lys-Lysa) but I must have totally mentally skipped over the involvement of Pycelle.
318	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-21	Game On!
A place to discuss the final episode of the first season, "Fire and Blood". Spoilers from the novels allowed.
I wanted to copy the last post from the previous topic here but it doesn't seem like you can quote from a closed topic.
319	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-21	[mod] Remember, keep it civil and keep it classy. [/mod]
320	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-21	At the end of the previous thread there were some talks about the new character of Shae altering the way she betrays Tyrion. I'd just like to point out that it's way too early to say something like that because a confident whore doesn't have any more relevant power than a less confident one. Since they even managed to get Eddard to confess to crimes he was innocent of it seems way off base to already assume that they can't force Shae to frame Tyrion.
Speculating about the character is fine but I think it's bad to complain about something that just might happen a couple of years from now.
321	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-21	I don't know if this was discussed in the previous thread but one thing I found strange was the changed line for Jaime.
Instead of "There are no men like me. There is only me" he said: "There are no men like me. Only me".
It's one of my favorite lines in the book, I don't understand why they would change it.. If they decided to take it from the book why not keep it intact? It's not like the NW speech, that it just takes too much screen time..
On a more positive note: Osha _O_ 
I can't wait to see what GRRM has on store for her in the future. Think the actress has been cast perfectly.
322	NW Deserter	2011-06-21	Rewatched the last three scenes (three of the best in the entire season IMO). New favorite Arya moment (sorry Syrio): "I'm good at killing fat boys. I like killing fat boys." I'm a dude and I just about 'squee'd at that.
Also, the look that Dany gives Jorah right before she stands up from the ashes is just haunting. That was Emilia Clarke's finest moment, as it should be.
323	Ormond	2011-06-21	I don't know if this was discussed in the previous thread but one thing I found strange was the changed line for Jaime.Instead of "There are no men like me. There is only me" he said: "There are no men like me. Only me".It's one of my favorite lines in the book, I don't understand why they would change it.. If they decided to take it from the book why not keep it intact? It's not like the NW speech, that it just takes too much screen time..Could you elaborate on what you think the difference in meaning is between those two?In my mind, "There is" in the second sentence are simply unnecessary words, and in the context of the first sentence the two constructions have the same meaning. So I am perplexed as to what it is you are disturbed about here.
324	Demonblade	2011-06-21	I tried to get caught up reading in the first thread, but as there were too many fl00b complaints about various nitpicks, I got tired and left it at page 5.  But let me just say this.  After rewatching the episode, it is obvious that Drogon is black, not red.  He has red streaks, but he's a newborn, give him slack.
325	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	Dear Ludigis (sp?),
Below is a quote from the locked portion of this thread.  You were responding to my differences in how my dislike for Syrio is different than the Shae Is So Different From The Books That It's Ruining Two Characters crowd.
Shae only needs to appear as a whore to capture her essence.-Me
Frankly, this only goes to show that you don't understand the essence of Shae and her relationship with Tyrion wery well. Read Eponine's post again! - You
You've taken this way out of context here.  I was discussing their APPEARANCE.  You can tell I was discussing their APPEARANCE by my use of the word APPEAR as well as the context of the original quote which you did not include.  Frankly, this only goes to show that you don't understand what you read very well.  Read the entire post again, only this time use context and actual definitions of words.
I understand Shae and Tyrion's relationship in the books quite well, thank you for your concern.  However, it is hard, if not pointless, to discuss TV Shae's relationship with Tyrion (at least as to how it will affect the events later in the story) at this point since we've only seen the very beginning of it.  After we get more info from the show, THEN we can discuss how relevant the changes in TV/Book Shae affect Tyrion and the story.  Until then, it's all a bunch of wailing and whining.  Well, not all of it, but the extreme end of the spectrum of doom and gloomers.  Those are the only people I'm having a go at.  
Bottom line:  Don't take quotes out of context to try and make some point that's flat out wrong because you didn't understand the whole post you're replying to!
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 21 June 2011 - 09:48 AM.
326	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-21	Could you elaborate on what you think the difference in meaning is between those two?In my mind, "There is" in the second sentence are simply unnecessary words, and in the context of the first sentence the two constructions have the same meaning. So I am perplexed as to what it is you are disturbed about here.Haha I know it sounds awful. I'm amazed at some of the stuff people complain about myself. I guess everyone has their own thing.Let me try to explain.First: Why not use the original sentence to please the fans, if it doesn't matter anyhow?Second: I do think it matters. To me the emphasize is now on the first sentence, whereas I think adding "There is.." makes the second sentence more powerful.
327	Winterfelon	2011-06-21	Haha I know it sounds awful. I'm amazed at some of the stuff people complain about myself. I guess everyone has their own thing.Let me try to explain.First: Why not use the original sentence to please the fans, if it doesn't matter anyhow?Second: I do think it matters. To me the emphasize is now on the first sentence, whereas I think adding "There is.." makes the second sentence more powerful.I actually didn't notice this at all!Perhaps it just didn't sound right when spoken out loud? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
328	Stark Truth	2011-06-21	I couldn't find this topic anywhere else so I thought I'd drop it here and see what people have to say:
Does it bother anyone else that the dragons don't have forelegs??  Personally I'm wondering how they prevent thier wings from getting dirty or torn up since without forelegs they must use thier arms (to which thier wings are attached) for everything from holding thier food to fighting each other and other things.  Also have to wonder if they are capable of running on the ground since their wings would be a hinderance and presumably get caught up underneath thier arms.
Also, for D&D / WoW / RPG fans out there: Dragons without forelegs are called Wyverns.  It is known.
329	Thefalconemperor	2011-06-21	I couldn't find this topic anywhere else so I thought I'd drop it here and see what people have to say:Does it bother anyone else that the dragons don't have forelegs??  Personally I'm wondering how they prevent thier wings from getting dirty or torn up since without forelegs they must use thier arms (to which thier wings are attached) for everything from holding thier food to fighting each other and other things.  Also have to wonder if they are capable of running on the ground since their wings would be a hinderance and presumably get caught up underneath thier arms.Also, for D&D / WoW / RPG fans out there: Dragons without forelegs are called Wyverns.  It is known.True. In the ocident, dragons were always despicted as six-limbed creatures and this more bird-like version is often called a wyvern. If I recall correctly, Martin insisted his dragons were wyverns, so to speak. Who knows his reasons.
					
					
							Edited by Thefalconemperor, 21 June 2011 - 11:23 AM.
330	Xanrn	2011-06-21	No Dragons without forelimbs are Drakes.
Wyverns have a scorpion tail and most of the time, beaks.
Dragons are also ment to be sentient and able to talk smack while they try and burn you.
One major complaint I do have is why the fuck nobody is wearing goddam heraldry. 
It too much work to give Lady Mormont a damm bear?
Who is the Lord who said "I will have peace on thoose terms" ment to be. Which one is Roose Bolton? Where is the white sun of Karstark?
Martin designed heraldry for pretty much everyone, so why the fuck is pretty much everyone dressed like goddam Mercenaries or State troops.
Also the King in the North scene, I take it that the ruins are ment to be Rivverunn? did they cut all the Riverlords except the Freys out completely or something?
331	Mark Antony	2011-06-21	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=oFQusWLvW28
332	Simon Steele	2011-06-21	Hmmm...maybe that guy with the beard was Edmure? Just a thought I had.
333	Knight Of The North	2011-06-21	I'm pretty sure Edmure is being cast next season, but I believe Rickard Karstark was featured as an extra, so I'm tempted to believe it was him.It too much work to give Lady Mormont a damm bear?Who is the Lord who said "I will have peace on thoose terms" ment to be. Which one is Roose Bolton? Where is the white sun of Karstark?Martin designed heraldry for pretty much everyone, so why the fuck is pretty much everyone dressed like goddam Mercenaries or State troops.Also the King in the North scene, I take it that the ruins are ment to be Rivverunn? did they cut all the Riverlords except the Freys out completely or something?Questions, questions. Luckily, I have answers.Metaphorically, no, but we'll get to that later. Literally...Yes. Yes, it is too much work.We're unsure about the Lord. My theory is that it's Lord Karstark. And a point be made is that noone on the show walks around dressed in surcoats for battle - you see it alittle in the Tavern scene, but that's it; that type of dress just isn't really practical. However, they all dress in STYLES. The Northmen; heavy leathers and furs. Hence why Lady Maege isn't wearing a bear - the Northern Lords all know each other, and it's a meeting of war. No real reason to display their colours.They're dressed like mercenaries and state troops because Northmen tend to lead from the front, and that sort of dress is damned useful.The ruins are implied to be an abandoned keep; it's much too small to be Riverrun. The Tullys are being reserved for next season.
					
					
							Edited by Knight Of The North, 21 June 2011 - 11:56 AM.
334	Corvinus	2011-06-21	It doesn't matter how many damn legs they've got, they are still dragons. Chinese dragons don't have wings, yet they're still dragons. There are plenty of other fantasy stories where dragons have only 2 legs. The main feature of a dragon is the fire breathing ability. 
So no more of this "it is known" crap. It is not known, because dragons have never been proven to have existed so that leaves plenty of room for interpretation.
335	Gryffindor Queen	2011-06-21	. I actually think, with the new independent personality they've written into Shae, that they do plan to have her approach Cersei and independently sell Tyrion out. That's a real shame, to lose all the nuance of her.OMG! Whay are they having Shay go to Cersie?  !Ack!I like the show and stuff but the changes are jamakinmecrazy! /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />First they change the wolves, then Shay, who knows what's next?!The writers care more about nudity than the spirit of the novels!
336	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-21	It doesn't matter how many damn legs they've got, they are still dragons. Chinese dragons don't have wings, yet they're still dragons. There are plenty of other fantasy stories where dragons have only 2 legs. The main feature of a dragon is the fire breathing ability. So no more of this "it is known" crap. It is not known, because dragons have never been proven to have existed so that leaves plenty of room for interpretation.Couldn't agree more. I think they are perfect just the way they are.
337	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-21	It doesn't matter how many damn legs they've got, they are still dragons. Chinese dragons don't have wings, yet they're still dragons. There are plenty of other fantasy stories where dragons have only 2 legs. The main feature of a dragon is the fire breathing ability. So no more of this "it is known" crap. It is not known, because dragons have never been proven to have existed so that leaves plenty of room for interpretation.The most important part is that GRRM always intended that the dragons look like they do in the show. That's the dragon shape that makes sense from the physiology perspective and George has also said that he thinks Vermithrax from Dragonslayer is the best dragon ever to be put on film. So anyone that complains about the dragons only having two legs obviously don't quite know what they are talking about.As for the definition of a dragon, that's definitely not restricted to the four-legged and winged creature. The dragons in the show are definitely within the definition of what can be a dragon so you are entirely correct there.
338	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-21	And another question, what if Game of Thrones was a buddy comedy?
339	Nebiros	2011-06-21	As for the definition of a dragon, that's definitely not restricted to the four-legged and winged creature. The dragons in the show are definitely within the definition of what can be a dragon so you are entirely correct there.Just to pour some more gasoline on the fire (/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />) regarding the hotly-debated  (/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />) question of dragons having four or two legs: If we are going to suspend our disbelief and accept that dragons existed, the more "realistic", if you will, way of showing them is the two legs, two wings way. If you look at animal life on earth, all vertebrates that have wings (birds, bats) have wings that are "modified arms", evolutionary speaking. If a dragon had four legs and two wings, that wouldn't really fit in with any of the other animal life "blueprints" on earth. And all the rest of those earth animals are also routinely depicted in fantasy settings. My two cents from a biologist's point of view. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
340	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-06-21	OMG! Whay are they having Shay go to Cersie?  !Ack!I like the show and stuff but the changes are jamakinmecrazy! /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />First they change the wolves, then Shay, who knows what's next?!The writers care more about nudity than the spirit of the novels!Irony, anyone?
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 21 June 2011 - 12:24 PM.
341	Aoife	2011-06-21	Spirit, not letter(s).
342	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-21	It doesn't matter how many damn legs they've got, they are still dragons. Chinese dragons don't have wings, yet they're still dragons. There are plenty of other fantasy stories where dragons have only 2 legs. The main feature of a dragon is the fire breathing ability. So no more of this "it is known" crap. It is not known, because dragons have never been proven to have existed so that leaves plenty of room for interpretation.I agree. I also lol'd.Once, an ex of mine who is a designer/animator, was looking for pictures of dinosaurs, and got mad that he couldn't find a single photo to work from. I just said "oh my God, you are an idiot." Then he realized what he had just said.
343	Maltaran	2011-06-21	Who is the Lord who said "I will have peace on thoose terms" ment to be.In the book this was Karstark, so in the absence of anything to the contrary I assume it's still him.
344	Phoenix	2011-06-21	Haha I know it sounds awful. I'm amazed at some of the stuff people complain about myself. I guess everyone has their own thing.Let me try to explain.First: Why not use the original sentence to please the fans, if it doesn't matter anyhow?Second: I do think it matters. To me the emphasize is now on the first sentence, whereas I think adding "There is.." makes the second sentence more powerful.I respectfully disagree. I thought him saying "Only me" was much more powerful. He sounded so...resigned when he said it. Thought it was great. He knows he's speaking the truth, and the first sentence is still arrogant as all fuck, but the second sentence sounded so sad.And, I just said it out loud both ways, and the way it's written in the books sounds weird and awkward to me. It's a big mouthful, you know?
345	Unnamed	2011-06-21	Well, I'm not afraid to say it. The whole Shae debate can be easily summarized/simplified: What the creators of the show have done is replace MaryAnn with Ginger, and we're supposed to expect Gilligan to fall in love with her, when everyone knows it was the Skipper who was attracted to Ginger (Gilligan was terrified of her).Oh, and I just want to point out that complex minds (Tyrion) are not always attracted to complex mates. In particular, Tyrion's life experience has taught him that complex people are not to be trusted. The one person that he has fallen for in his life was more simple.Please Note: I mean "complex" in the sense of "devious/schemey" and "simple" in the sense of "not complex". I never thought Shae was simple-minded. Rather, the book Shae did a great job of playing the "simple" person Tyrion wanted her to be (aka Tysha Reborn).Fundamentally, the chemistry seems all wrong because the Tyrion that I imagine would view someone like TV Shae with nothing but suspicion. "Bronn, what the hell is this? She's nothing like MaryAnn."-VM
346	Spider From Mars	2011-06-21	I don't know if this was discussed in the previous thread but one thing I found strange was the changed line for Jaime.Instead of "There are no men like me. There is only me" he said: "There are no men like me. Only me".It's one of my favorite lines in the book, I don't understand why they would change it.. If they decided to take it from the book why not keep it intact? It's not like the NW speech, that it just takes too much screen time..On a more positive note: Osha _O_ I can't wait to see what GRRM has on store for her in the future. Think the actress has been cast perfectly.I have nothing substantial to say in regards to your comment, but I have to ask what _O_ is supposed to be/mean?
347	Unnamed	2011-06-21	Her baby might not be a dead lizard, but it would be dead. I don't think the eggs hatching have anything to do with MMD's blood magic spell, however the trauma that Dany goes through during MMD's Revenge might be an emotional/supernatural trigger for the eggs to hatch. And maybe she needed to "burn" as well to activate the eggs. And that would easily explain her empathy with the eggs. But her baby wasn't a dead lizard, was it? It was a dead lizard with wings. That is, it was a dragon. And here's the thing, her dead baby (at least in these books) could have looked like anything. Based on your reading, wouldn't it have made more sense for it to look horselike, or to be human with heavy black eyeliner? GRRM could have had the child look like a monkey, a crocodile, an earthworm, or a Jabberwock, with eyes of flame...but he didn't.So, why did the stillborn child take the shape of a dragon? For me, this was the reason that I believe that the life of the child went, not to Drogo, but to the dragon eggs. As a matter of fact, when I first read GoT, it was at this point in the book (when the stillborn dragon was described) that I became absolutely sure that we were going to be seeing some live dragons. Up until that point, I was suspicious that the dragon eggs were just going to sit on the mantle through the whole story.Again, not to say that your reading is wrong, but this seemed to me to be a critical point. I think I've mentioned that I don't automaticatlly "trust" what characters say about their thoughts/motivations. Regardless of what MDD said or what her motivations were, the fact is that Dani delivered a stillborn dragon (not just a Targaryan, but an actual winged lizard), and that's a really strange thing to have happen, even in this fantasy world. Surely it means something...Yet, as I understood your post, you don't seem to think this is a significant point (that the fetus turned into a dragon), and I'm wondering how that can be.-VM
348	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-21	It doesn't matter how many damn legs they've got, they are still dragons. Chinese dragons don't have wings, yet they're still dragons. There are plenty of other fantasy stories where dragons have only 2 legs. The main feature of a dragon is the fire breathing ability. So no more of this "it is known" crap. It is not known, because dragons have never been proven to have existed so that leaves plenty of room for interpretation.This.  A thousand times this.I was too damned busy basking in the awesomeness of the scene to notice how many legs the little fuckers had.  They had wings, a tail and looked like dragons.  However, this debate has conjured up a damn funny image of a geeky dude nerdraging at the screen...."dammit HBO!  Those are WYVERNS!!! Not DRAGONS!!!!"   /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
349	Gryffindor Queen	2011-06-21	and we're supposed to expect Gilligan to fall in love with her, when everyone knows it was the Skipper who was attracted to Ginger (Gilligan was terrified of her).-VM /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Tyrion = Gilligan! It's SO true! Couldnt have explained it better myself!!It makes me wish Bronn calls him Lil Buddy even! Teehee!
350	Gnomestress	2011-06-21	I'm not so much annoyed that they changed Shae.  I don't really mind that they've made Cercei a little less crazy and a little more relatable (although in the second season, I think they're going to show more of her evil side) Roz grows on me episode by episode.  Subtlety has been sacrificed for more obvious gestures, conversations, and plot points but that is necessary for TV.  I'm taking all changes with a nice heaping grain of salt.  Some of them I'm actually enjoying (I'm personally a fan of TV Cat & TV Jon.  I didn't like them at all in the books.)
What gets me is what they changed Shae into.  Shae 2.0 lacks the naivete, sweet disposition (however feigned), and corn-fed charm that makes book Shae fit into place in the plot.  Bronn, the clansmen, & Shae combine together in the books as a connection to the more common side of Westeros.  Tyrion is besieged day and night with the affairs of noble people, the vast majority of which have it out for him.  He takes solace in the simplicity of Bronn's nature (Money + Survival).  Timmett Son of Timmett, Chella, Shagga, and the like are steadfast in their loyalty and Tyrion is amused by their mundane and savage view of the world (AKA: This bothers you?  Kill it dead.)
Book Shae fits right in to this idea of that which is commonplace as less threatening and therefore comforting to Tyrion.  The other women he encounters are noble and if not outwardly hostile to him only speak to him to further their own ends.  Shae is just the opposite of those threatening women.  They put on airs, speak with elevated language, and come from powerful families.  Shae is straightforward, crass, and is as common as a weed.  It is this difference from his enemies that makes Shae someone Tyrion lets his guard down around.  She is his one bastion of support in a city full of people who want to see him fall.  He trusts her because he thinks that she is loyal and too stupid to plot against him.
Shae 2.0 is similar in many ways to the noble women that threaten Tyrion in King's Landing.  She keeps secrets, carries herself proudly, puts on airs, and she has said flat out that she is not a commoner.  I fail to see how Tyrion could ever come to trust and love her.  She doesn't fit into the rest of the people that he surrounds himself with in King's Landing.
One last thing.  A major theme during Shae's time in King's Landing is the fact that Tywin clearly states that she's not to go to court.  Once ousted from the manse Tyrion kept her in, Shae is hidden as a chambermaid.  A common girl, however pretty and at times insolent can fit in as a lady's maid.  Mysterious, exotic Shae 2.0 will stick out like a rose in a field of dandelions.  Lady Tanda isn't the brightest but I think even she would notice...
EDIT-After I posted I read Unnamed's post...therefore I'll ad that  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> on all points.
					
					
							Edited by Gnomestress, 21 June 2011 - 01:19 PM.
351	Unnamed	2011-06-21	But her baby wasn't a dead lizard, was it? It was a dead lizard with wings. That is, it was a dragon. And here's the thing, her dead baby (at least in these books) could have looked like anything. Based on your reading, wouldn't it have made more sense for it to look horselike, or to be human with heavy black eyeliner? GRRM could have had the child look like a monkey, a crocodile, an earthworm, or a Jabberwock, with eyes of flame...but he didn't.Slave 1: [screams] Gods! What is that? [coughing] That is no stallion.Slave 2: No, it is a salamander.Jorah: That is no salamander. It is the salamander's mortal enemy, the basilisk.MDD: You're both wrong. This creature has wings. Look at its eyes. And do you hear that burbling? That is [pause] a Jabberwock.Jorah: What the fuck is a Jabberwock?Sorry, my mind just works this way.-VM
352	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-21	I have nothing substantial to say in regards to your comment, but I have to ask what _O_ is supposed to be/mean?Haha I'm sorry, I'm used to another forum. It's this smiley.
353	Eponine	2011-06-21	One major complaint I do have is why the fuck nobody is wearing goddam heraldry. It too much work to give Lady Mormont a damm bear?I also wish there were more heraldry. And if I hadn't read the books, I'd really really wish there were more heraldry. It's more a personal problem than a problem with the show, because I don't remember faces very well - people all kind of look the same to me - I had to watch the first episodes of Deadwood twice because of that. I'm pretty sure that if I didn't know who everyone was because of the books, I'd be totally lost. Having a secondary way to distinguish characters would be helpful. This is probably one of the reasons I don't watch much TV. I understand why it's not in the show in many cases - the extra expense and complication of such specific wardrobing - but it's such a compelling part of the books that it's a shame it's not more present in a visual media.
354	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	I couldn't find this topic anywhere else so I thought I'd drop it here and see what people have to say:Does it bother anyone else that the dragons don't have forelegs??  Personally I'm wondering how they prevent thier wings from getting dirty or torn up since without forelegs they must use thier arms (to which thier wings are attached) for everything from holding thier food to fighting each other and other things.  Also have to wonder if they are capable of running on the ground since their wings would be a hinderance and presumably get caught up underneath thier arms.Also, for D&D / WoW / RPG fans out there: Dragons without forelegs are called Wyverns.  It is known.Yes, it bothere me.  I was always a fan of Elmore dragons and most had forelegs.  As for wyvverns, as a DnD geek, they don't get as big as the dragons in ASOIF so it's not quite the same.  Still, I prefer my dragons to have 4 appendages plus wings.
355	Silverx2	2011-06-21	I wonder if viewers thought it was odd to see the hound in kingsguard armor.
356	Lupigis	2011-06-21	Dear Ludigis (sp?),Below is a quote from the locked portion of this thread.  You were responding to my differences in how my dislike for Syrio is different than the Shae Is So Different From The Books That It's Ruining Two Characters crowd.Shae only needs to appear as a whore to capture her essence.-MeFrankly, this only goes to show that you don't understand the essence of Shae and her relationship with Tyrion wery well. Read Eponine's post again! - YouYou've taken this way out of context here.  I was discussing their APPEARANCE.  You can tell I was discussing their APPEARANCE by my use of the word APPEAR as well as the context of the original quote which you did not include.  Frankly, this only goes to show that you don't understand what you read very well.  Read the entire post again, only this time use context and actual definitions of words.I am aware that you were discussing Shaes appearance. However, your words about "her essence" could easily be interpreted to mean the essence of her being. Using the context of the post from Eponine that you were replying to and the previous discussion, where Eponine brought up several aspects of Shae I concluded that that's what you meant. Your post simply wasn't as unambiguous as you think it was, but if I offended you I apologise.
357	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	But her baby wasn't a dead lizard, was it? It was a dead lizard with wings. That is, it was a dragon. And here's the thing, her dead baby (at least in these books) could have looked like anything. Based on your reading, wouldn't it have made more sense for it to look horselike, or to be human with heavy black eyeliner? GRRM could have had the child look like a monkey, a crocodile, an earthworm, or a Jabberwock, with eyes of flame...but he didn't.So, why did the stillborn child take the shape of a dragon? For me, this was the reason that I believe that the life of the child went, not to Drogo, but to the dragon eggs. As a matter of fact, when I first read GoT, it was at this point in the book (when the stillborn dragon was described) that I became absolutely sure that we were going to be seeing some live dragons. Up until that point, I was suspicious that the dragon eggs were just going to sit on the mantle through the whole story.Again, not to say that your reading is wrong, but this seemed to me to be a critical point. I think I've mentioned that I don't automaticatlly "trust" what characters say about their thoughts/motivations. Regardless of what MDD said or what her motivations were, the fact is that Dani delivered a stillborn dragon (not just a Targaryan, but an actual winged lizard), and that's a really strange thing to have happen, even in this fantasy world. Surely it means something...Yet, as I understood your post, you don't seem to think this is a significant point (that the fetus turned into a dragon), and I'm wondering how that can be.-VMBecause she's the Last Dragon?  I used lizard when I should've used dragon.  There's obviously some connection between Targaryens and dragons so that's what I figure happened to the kid.  The way I read it, both times, was that the baby was Drogo's payment.  And the clumsy glance to Dany's belly in ep 9 really confirms that to me.  The price for life is a death.  Baby=Drogo.  Whether she's in the tent or not.  The deformation figures to be a side effect of the bloodmagic that may or may not have happened whether she went into the tent or not.  But no doubt in my mind whatsoever that Rhaego was the price for Drogo's "life". As for whether it's a significant point or not, well I guess I just don't know.  Maybe that's to show how dangerous bloodmagic is.  Because quite frankly, I don't see what the taboo would be if a horse could pay for a human life, even in a horse loving culture.  For bloodmagic to have not only the taboo that it has but also the rareness that's implied, then the price of it needs to be more than a critter.  Until GRRM makes a point about the baby's deformations, I'm going to assume from my interpretation that the death of the baby for Drogo's "life", in whatever form, is the important part to take from it on top of the fact that MMD deliberately sabotaged first Drogo and then her "liberator" (who is nothing but the wife of MMD's ultimate tormentor.  Maybe more about bloodmagic will be explained later on.
358	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	I'm not so much annoyed that they changed Shae.  I don't really mind that they've made Cercei a little less crazy and a little more relatable (although in the second season, I think they're going to show more of her evil side) Roz grows on me episode by episode.  Subtlety has been sacrificed for more obvious gestures, conversations, and plot points but that is necessary for TV.  I'm taking all changes with a nice heaping grain of salt.  Some of them I'm actually enjoying (I'm personally a fan of TV Cat & TV Jon.  I didn't like them at all in the books.)What gets me is what they changed Shae into.  Shae 2.0 lacks the naivete, sweet disposition (however feigned), and corn-fed charm that makes book Shae fit into place in the plot.  Bronn, the clansmen, & Shae combine together in the books as a connection to the more common side of Westeros.  Tyrion is besieged day and night with the affairs of noble people, the vast majority of which have it out for him.  He takes solace in the simplicity of Bronn's nature (Money + Survival).  Timmett Son of Timmett, Chella, Shagga, and the like are steadfast in their loyalty and Tyrion is amused by their mundane and savage view of the world (AKA: This bothers you?  Kill it dead.)Book Shae fits right in to this idea of that which is commonplace as less threatening and therefore comforting to Tyrion.  The other women he encounters are noble and if not outwardly hostile to him only speak to him to further their own ends.  Shae is just the opposite of those threatening women.  They put on airs, speak with elevated language, and come from powerful families.  Shae is straightforward, crass, and is as common as a weed.  It is this difference from his enemies that makes Shae someone Tyrion lets his guard down around.  She is his one bastion of support in a city full of people who want to see him fall.  He trusts her because he thinks that she is loyal and too stupid to plot against him.Shae 2.0 is similar in many ways to the noble women that threaten Tyrion in King's Landing.  She keeps secrets, carries herself proudly, puts on airs, and she has said flat out that she is not a commoner.  I fail to see how Tyrion could ever come to trust and love her.  She doesn't fit into the rest of the people that he surrounds himself with in King's Landing.One last thing.  A major theme during Shae's time in King's Landing is the fact that Tywin clearly states that she's not to go to court.  Once ousted from the manse Tyrion kept her in, Shae is hidden as a chambermaid.  A common girl, however pretty and at times insolent can fit in as a lady's maid.  Mysterious, exotic Shae 2.0 will stick out like a rose in a field of dandelions.  Lady Tanda isn't the brightest but I think even she would notice...EDIT-After I posted I read Unnamed's post...therefore I'll ad that  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> on all points.Surely you've noticed that many things are different in the show than in the books.  I think you should wait and see who Tyrion surrounds himself with in TV King's Landing before making this statement.
359	Gnomestress	2011-06-21	I wonder if viewers thought it was odd to see the hound in kingsguard armor.Why not?  He's depicted wearing it the cloak at least during the books.  He uses it to cover Sansa when Joffrey strips her, for example.  After the goings on during the battle for King's Landing, Sansa keeps the cloak hidden in her room.
360	Silverx2	2011-06-21	Why not?  He's depicted wearing it the cloak at least during the books.  He uses it to cover Sansa when Joffrey strips her, for example.  After the goings on during the battle for King's Landing, Sansa keeps the cloak hidden in her room.yes but we have read the books, A lot of viewers have not. Even last episode you can see the hound near Ned and Sandor is wearing his personal armor. They completely glossed over him joining the kings guard. They have taken a lot of his character development out of the show so far, and as a result we have only seen slight glimpses of how human he can be(giving advice to Sansa when shes about to push Joffrey, Saving Loras for the mountain)
361	oneeye	2011-06-21	I don't know Shae was pretty ambitious and untrustworthy and tricky in the books too, just more subtle about it. In the tv show they just let her true inner show. Add in the Ros factor (I still don't remember her from the books) and it seems we got whores 2.0 in general for the tv show.
Since most of the  main female characters are in their teens, and Lena Headey doesn't seem inclined to take her clothes off as Cersei in the books did I guess they had to enhance the whores a bit to bring some HBO loving into things.
362	Gnomestress	2011-06-21	Surely you've noticed that many things are different in the show than in the books.  I think you should wait and see who Tyrion surrounds himself with in TV King's Landing before making this statement.I have noticed the changes.  I like some of them and endure almost all the rest.  I mention that in the first paragraph of the post you quoted.  Read it again and give what I have to say a chance?  It'll be more satisfying than picking one line apart.In regards to who Tyrion surrounds himself with at King's Landing, if they get rid of the tribesmen that will be so much worse than the changes to Shae.  Shagga son of Dolf says that this will not do!  The tribesmen are Tyrion's main source of sure military power.  The gold cloaks and the Lannister guardsmen are just as likely to obey the queen as to obey Tyrion.  Not so much with Timmett son of Timmett.
363	Gnomestress	2011-06-21	yes but we have read the books, A lot of viewers have not. Even last episode you can see the hound near Ned and Sandor is wearing his personal armor. They completely glossed over him joining the kings guard. They have taken a lot of his character development out of the show so far, and as a result we have only seen slight glimpses of how human he can be(giving advice to Sansa when shes about to push Joffrey, Saving Loras for the mountain)Ah, I see your point now.  I think they mentioned that Ser Barristan's spot would be filled by the hound.  It's said during the scene where Barristan is 'fired'.  It's pretty much one line though, so I can see how that detail could be lost amongst the rest of that scene.The significance of him despising knights is something that's probably missed by those that haven't read the books.  They changed how the news of how the Hound was burned was delivered to Sansa...but I think they're doing that to try to avoid making the Hound seem like a creepy old man.  In the context of the books the relationship between Sansa & the Hound fits.  In the TV show, Sandor looks older than he's portrayed in the books.  Sansa is a little older but still considered a child.  I could see how Americans could be creeped out by SandorXSansa.
364	Rangers30	2011-06-21	I don't know Shae was pretty ambitious and untrustworthy and tricky in the books too, just more subtle about it. In the tv show they just let her true inner show. Add in the Ros factor (I still don't remember her from the books) and it seems we got whores 2.0 in general for the tv show.Since we only see her through Tyrion we get his idealized version of her but once in a while something slips through to show what a user she really is. I always imagined she was even worse than written just that Tyrion was looking through his rose colored glasses and didn't want to admit it.
365	Unnamed	2011-06-21	Because she's the Last Dragon?  I used lizard when I should've used dragon.  There's obviously some connection between Targaryens and dragons so that's what I figure happened to the kid.  The way I read it, both times, was that the baby was Drogo's payment.  And the clumsy glance to Dany's belly in ep 9 really confirms that to me.  The price for life is a death.  Baby=Drogo.  Whether she's in the tent or not.  The deformation figures to be a side effect of the bloodmagic that may or may not have happened whether she went into the tent or not.  But no doubt in my mind whatsoever that Rhaego was the price for Drogo's "life". As for whether it's a significant point or not, well I guess I just don't know.  Maybe that's to show how dangerous bloodmagic is.  Because quite frankly, I don't see what the taboo would be if a horse could pay for a human life, even in a horse loving culture....Hmm, it's definitely an interesting point that a horse isn't a high enough price to pay for a human life. Then again, what she bought wasn't a human life. And, in retrospect, I think that's how I see it: You can suck life out of a big, powerful creature and put it into a big, powerful human, but there's more to being human than a living body...Also, I find it hard to reconcile this logic with MDD's peregrinations. She basically said (or strongly implied) that the horse's life was what was needed (wasn't so clear on what would be the payoff). Later, she said that Dani "knew" the price. How could she? You said all that you needed was a horse, and I'm supposed to assume that you're going to kill my baby? For me, that interpretation just didn't make any sense. So, I assumed the "price" in question was the half-life vegetative state that Drogo wound up in. The way I read it, you couldn't have "purchased" real life for Drogo with a horse or a baby...As far as the stillbirth, I guess the fact that it came out looking like a dragon was more eye-popping to me--I just couldn't imagine that happening without it being signficant. It's one thing to say, "Your baby was born dead," but quite another to say, "You're baby was born a dead, winged lizard." Unless we were led to believe that this was common for Targaryans, it strikes me as a pretty singular event. [Bill Cosby version: "My darling, I love you very much. You've just given birth to...a lizard."]All this being said, I absolutely DO agree that your interpretation fits better with the way they portrayed these events in the TV show. Everyone saw MDD cut her eyes at Dani's belly, and the whole thing seemed staged to portray MDD as a big fat vengeful liar. Which leaves the birth of the dragons as just a very strange, miraculous thing that happened without any obvious cause, other than Dani's desire for dragons.For me, that's less satisfying. Magic is magic, but I like to feel that there exist some underlying "rules" that explain what's happening. If bringing Drogo back from the edge of death by sepsis would be a big damn deal, then how much bigger of a deal is to bring back dragon eggs that have been dead long enough to have fossilized? And what price was paid? As you mentioned, the explanation of the rules could be forthcoming later, but my suspicion is that this will remain a headscratcher.-VM
366	Patrick Tully	2011-06-21	...Add in the Ros factor (I still don't remember her from the books)...There is nothing wrong with your memory. She was a creation of the show.
367	Wouter	2011-06-21	Overall this show (entire first season) has pulled it off much better than I had feared; with the very nice CGI dragons in this episode as a confirmation. While the changes to that scene were slightly unfortunate with the blackout, it was still a very impressive scene with equally impressive soundtrack. HBO has done very well with Dany, Viserys, Jorah and Rakharo throughout the season, very convincing. I noted with some joy that new viewers are indeed not quite sure if Mirri was right or Dany was right, and some noted that we are probably supposed to understand both. The essence of this plotline has survived the adaptation.
I could have done with less "sexposition" throughout the episodes though, those scenes are downright painful at times and they don't help the reputation of the series and the genre IMO. I also thought it somewhat disappointing that LF is so in-your-face in this adaptation, some banter with Varys is fine but book LF is very stingy with his secrets (even to Sansa in book 4 he says only so much about his plans). Based on the show alone, I would think Varys is portrayed as the stronger schemer as he seems more able to keep things to himself. Amusing to see that many new viewers seem to completely buy that Varys is working for the good of the realm, which seems at least doubtful in the books. 
Also somewhat curious to note that a number of reactions here say that they now have sympathy for show-Sansa that they didn't have for book-Sansa - and this while her scenes in ep 10 are really only an abridged version of her final chapter in the novel, with the heads-on-spikes scene being very true to the books. And with the show-version of Sansa actually being older than book-Sansa and with show Sansa even showing a bit of a mean streak in the Jane Espenson episode (pretty much the opposite from book Sansa) one should actually expect less sympathy from the viewer. 
OK, the scene was done very effectively and I guess it helps to see it visualised on TV - but IMO it was easy to visualise it from the books as well and very hard not to feel sympathy for Sansa there. I've always been shocked by those readers who stated that Sansa didn't get half of what she deserved in the books and that she should have been beaten harder.
A pity that they changed Catelyn's reaction to Ned's death quite a bit, as Ran noted in his recap, but I guess her line "we will kill em all" can be explained away as repeating Robb in the heat of the moment. At least the shots of her during the King of the north scene were ambiguous as to what she thought about it - I've read very different interpretations of Catelyn's expression there. Catelyn can still turn to "peace-monger" next season without much difficulty. I wonder if next season, we will see an explicit oath of the riverlords to Robb as this is still missing in the show.
Arya was fabulous in the series, especially in the scenes with Syrio Forel - really felt like the books were coming alive there. Jon at the wall worked very well, too, the final scene with the Night's Watch riding out was excellent. 
Interesting that they have played down the flashbacks and prophetic elements so far - maybe to help surprise (new) viewers. I do hope we get Meera and Jojen Reed next season though, those are very important for Bran's storyline, also becaise Meera has a fair bit of exposition in the books that the show could copy verbatim without being campy. Bran is another character done very nicely in this show. 
All in all, it was impressive. Less whores (other than Shae, a change which I don't mind so far as show-Shae actually seems more likable than book-Shae) and less sexposition please, though.
If the reactions are anything to go by, GRRM is going to selling a lot of extra books soon. Many say they can't wait 9 months (boy, are they in for a shock after the finish book 5...).
Congrats to him, this must be quite a triumph for him considering how he left the screenwriter business.
					
					
							Edited by Wouter, 21 June 2011 - 02:34 PM.
368	CryFenril	2011-06-21	I'm in agreement that changing Shae into a cold, worldly, calculating conniver who is capable of subtle deceit is a huge change from her character in the book, and can cause serious changes in her actions (or the impetus behind them) in the future. Book Shae is easily swayed by those around her, and takes delight in things like seeing golden castles made out of clouds. She is inelegant enough to beg to go the feast in front of the one man who doesn't want her to go. She asks for her silks and satins and jewels back, she doesn't demand them. She pouts, she whines, she sulks, but she never once takes the upper hand. Not so, our new "show-Shae". Show-shae takes what she wants, and is willing to rip someone up verbally to get it. She is aggressive, provoking, socially literate, and able to hold her own when conversing with Tyrion. She challenges him - not something I'd think he'd appreciate, considering his relationship with his sister and his father.
369	CryFenril	2011-06-21	It doesn't matter how many damn legs they've got, they are still dragons. Chinese dragons don't have wings, yet they're still dragons. There are plenty of other fantasy stories where dragons have only 2 legs. The main feature of a dragon is the fire breathing ability. So no more of this "it is known" crap. It is not known, because dragons have never been proven to have existed so that leaves plenty of room for interpretation.Both two- and four-legged dragons are perfectly acceptable, being a fantasy creature. Biologically speaking, the wings are more likely to be the "forearms", since there are no four-legged winged animals in existence, but that's kind of moot. The dragons are usually described as being "ungainly" and "scrabbling" when they move on land, so I have always envisioned them as using their wings (and the small claws at the "elbow") to drag themselves around, wyvern-style. Much like Drogon (who has a black body and red skin between the wingbones, just as described) climbing onto momma's shoulder. Just me, natch.
370	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	Hmm, it's definitely an interesting point that a horse isn't a high enough price to pay for a human life. Then again, what she bought wasn't a human life. And, in retrospect, I think that's how I see it: You can suck life out of a big, powerful creature and put it into a big, powerful human, but there's more to being human than a living body...Also, I find it hard to reconcile this logic with MDD's peregrinations. She basically said (or strongly implied) that the horse's life was what was needed (wasn't so clear on what would be the payoff). Later, she said that Dani "knew" the price. How could she? You said all that you needed was a horse, and I'm supposed to assume that you're going to kill my baby? For me, that interpretation just didn't make any sense. So, I assumed the "price" in question was the half-life vegetative state that Drogo wound up in. The way I read it, you couldn't have "purchased" real life for Drogo with a horse or a baby...As far as the stillbirth, I guess the fact that it came out looking like a dragon was more eye-popping to me--I just couldn't imagine that happening without it being signficant. It's one thing to say, "Your baby was born dead," but quite another to say, "You're baby was born a dead, winged lizard." Unless we were led to believe that this was common for Targaryans, it strikes me as a pretty singular event. [Bill Cosby version: "My darling, I love you very much. You've just given birth to...a lizard."]All this being said, I absolutely DO agree that your interpretation fits better with the way they portrayed these events in the TV show. Everyone saw MDD cut her eyes at Dani's belly, and the whole thing seemed staged to portray MDD as a big fat vengeful liar. Which leaves the birth of the dragons as just a very strange, miraculous thing that happened without any obvious cause, other than Dani's desire for dragons.For me, that's less satisfying. Magic is magic, but I like to feel that there exist some underlying "rules" that explain what's happening. If bringing Drogo back from the edge of death by sepsis would be a big damn deal, then how much bigger of a deal is to bring back dragon eggs that have been dead long enough to have fossilized? And what price was paid? As you mentioned, the explanation of the rules could be forthcoming later, but my suspicion is that this will remain a headscratcher.-VMYes, she did indeed buy a human life.  Drogo, a human, would've died and instead, he lived.  I don't see how it's even a point of contention after seeing the show and MMD's overt glance at Dany's swollen tummy when saying that a death pays for a life.  I could see a small point of derivation if someone were saying that Dany/Jorah interrupting the ceremony by giving birth, but the very idea, especially with the "pregnant" glance MMD gives Dany that anything other than Rhaego as the Price for Drogo's life seems absurd.
371	Stark Truth	2011-06-21	They had wings, a tail and looked like dragons.  However, this debate has conjured up a damn funny image of a geeky dude nerdraging at the screen...."dammit HBO!  Those are WYVERNS!!! Not DRAGONS!!!!"   /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />Glad your amused.
372	Bronn Stone	2011-06-21	Glad your amused.Even more amused by a snarky comment that mixes up "your" and "you're".Back to the episode.Dragons without forelegs would starve.  Just like large, predatory birds without them...Umm.  Never mind.On the topic of changes to Shae.  They HAD to change Shae.  Ditzy Shae would not survive the aging required to keep pace with Tyrion being aged up.  The character in the books was eighteen.  Dinklage is 41.  That dynamic would have been even creepier than the idea of Mark Addy with the child-whore who gave birth to Barra.  But once you make Tyrion on the cusp of middle-age, you can't have him enamored of a childlike-whore.  "Can I keep my fur and jewels"  "Do you want to powder me up in flour?"  Ugh.
373	Stark Truth	2011-06-21	That's the dragon shape that makes sense from the physiology perspective and George has also said that he thinks Vermithrax from Dragonslayer is the best dragon ever to be put on film. So anyone that complains about the dragons only having two legs obviously don't quite know what they are talking about.Look I can live with 2-legged dragons, and I didn't say they only have two legs, I said I prefer the 4-legged kind.  FYI, to say I don't know what I'm talking about is completely ridiculous.  I've been reading fantasy for 20 years, and I really don't care who the best dragon ever put on film was, because books are better than movies every time.  Furthermore there are numerous instances of Dragons with 4 limbs - D&D, AD&D, Dragonlance, Forgotten Realms, etc etc...WoW, Final Fantasy, Harry Potter, MBotF (Steven Erikson for the illiterate), Eragon,  Wagner's Siegfried, Fin Fang Foom (Marvel Comics)....need I continue?Also I have one in my backyard and I'm pretty sure he has 4 legs since I walk him everyday, twice a day.  What do you have to say to that?
374	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	Even more amused by a snarky comment that mixes up "your" and "you're".Back to the episode.Dragons without forelegs would starve.  Just like large, predatory birds without them...Umm.  Never mind.On the topic of changes to Shae.  They HAD to change Shae.  Ditzy Shae would not survive the aging required to keep pace with Tyrion being aged up.  The character in the books was eighteen.  Dinklage is 41.  That dynamic would have been even creepier than the idea of Mark Addy with the child-whore who gave birth to Barra.  But once you make Tyrion on the cusp of middle-age, you can't have him enamored of a childlike-whore.  "Can I keep my fur and jewels"  "Do you want to powder me up in flour?"  Ugh.I'm not sure your age theory works.  Tyrion is still the younger brother of Cersei and Jaime.  And although Cersei might not be the hot chick from the books, she's still not supposed to be even in her mid thirties and Jaime definitely does not appear older than early thirties.  So Tyrion is still in his late 20s or at the latest 30-31.  Explaining aged looks on a dwarf is as easy as hot pie.
375	Stark Truth	2011-06-21	OK I looked at the opening sequence HBO uses...I thought that dragon had 4 legs but now I'm not sure, it's hard to tell.  The first time you see it it does, but the second time around it looks like it has only 2!?!?  Confusion!
					
					
							Edited by Stark Truth, 21 June 2011 - 04:12 PM.
376	Morrigan	2011-06-21	What annoys me about the show is that while it's very good, it's just shy of being great, and it could easily have been great with just a bit more effort (and I'm not talking about budget issues). And I'm not talking about stupid stuff like 4-legged dragons or Dany not being bald or whatever, but about stuff that really adds to the drama. Examples:- The King in the North scene was good. But episode 10 was the shortest one at 53 minutes and even had some filler with Pycelle and Littlefinger/Varys, so they did have minutes to spare. Why not show the northmen arguing back and forth, and THEN have the Greatjon come up with the King in the North idea? That would have made the scene much more powerful.- Dany's pyre. Why not have her ask Rhakaro to be her bloodrider, then have him refuse her, and show the looks on the face of the Dothraki showing they think she's stupid/crazy/etc, and THEN have them all bow down to her once they see the dragons? Why give the "blood of my blood" line to Jorah instead of Rhakaro (it's a Dothraki saying after all)? - The Jaime/Catelyn scene. It made no sense to have it here and now. Catelyn questions Jaime about Bran because she learned of the incest through Stannis and connected the dots. Jaime admits to having pushed Bran because at this point in the story, he doesn't care anymore, he's been rotting away in a cell for months, and also, he knows Catelyn knows, so  there's no point in him denying it. It makes no sense for him to admit having pushed Bran now nor does it make sense for Catelyn to connect Bran to Jaime. And Jaime will have precious little screen time in S2 anyway, why use up one of his best scenes too early?There are many other moments like that. They might be insignificant details to some, but to me, doing them properly would have given the scenes a lot more impact, and with little additional effort.And then there's the significant departures. The characterizations of Shae and Cersei are completely different (especially Shae). The reasons for that are far from apparent, and in Shae's case, bringing her to court to be the "Hand's Lady" will force them to have a completely different storyline in seasons 2 and 3. Some ask to have faith in the writers, and I'm sure they'll come up with something decent, but I'm also sure (by past experience) that it won't be as good as what GRRM wrote. Oh well...Edit: I have to say, though, that I think they really nailed the Wall scene of the last episode. Showing the Sworn brothers getting ready for the big ranging with Mormont's voice-over was just epic, I actually had a chill. (Too bad scarcely anything happens beyond the Wall until ASoS, lol...) And the dragons themselves were perfect, really good CGI there.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 21 June 2011 - 04:13 PM.
377	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-21	Glad your amused.I didn't mind that Ghost barked, either.  Heresy, I know... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
378	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	Hmm, it's definitely an interesting point that a horse isn't a high enough price to pay for a human life. Then again, what she bought wasn't a human life. And, in retrospect, I think that's how I see it: You can suck life out of a big, powerful creature and put it into a big, powerful human, but there's more to being human than a living body...Also, I find it hard to reconcile this logic with MDD's peregrinations. She basically said (or strongly implied) that the horse's life was what was needed (wasn't so clear on what would be the payoff). Later, she said that Dani "knew" the price. How could she? You said all that you needed was a horse, and I'm supposed to assume that you're going to kill my baby? For me, that interpretation just didn't make any sense. So, I assumed the "price" in question was the half-life vegetative state that Drogo wound up in. The way I read it, you couldn't have "purchased" real life for Drogo with a horse or a baby...As far as the stillbirth, I guess the fact that it came out looking like a dragon was more eye-popping to me--I just couldn't imagine that happening without it being signficant. It's one thing to say, "Your baby was born dead," but quite another to say, "You're baby was born a dead, winged lizard." Unless we were led to believe that this was common for Targaryans, it strikes me as a pretty singular event. [Bill Cosby version: "My darling, I love you very much. You've just given birth to...a lizard."]All this being said, I absolutely DO agree that your interpretation fits better with the way they portrayed these events in the TV show. Everyone saw MDD cut her eyes at Dani's belly, and the whole thing seemed staged to portray MDD as a big fat vengeful liar. Which leaves the birth of the dragons as just a very strange, miraculous thing that happened without any obvious cause, other than Dani's desire for dragons.For me, that's less satisfying. Magic is magic, but I like to feel that there exist some underlying "rules" that explain what's happening. If bringing Drogo back from the edge of death by sepsis would be a big damn deal, then how much bigger of a deal is to bring back dragon eggs that have been dead long enough to have fossilized? And what price was paid? As you mentioned, the explanation of the rules could be forthcoming later, but my suspicion is that this will remain a headscratcher.-VMI'll have to re-read things again next month right before the new book comes out (hopefully midnight the 11th/12th on my nook!), but very rarely do pieces of prophecy need any other reason for happening than their own happening, if you get what I'm saying.  It's as easy as saying the eggs hatched because Dany is the last dragon (Targ).  I see Drogo's life and the dragon's birth as two separate happenings that occurred close to each other.  Remember, Drogo's life-saving happened before the eggs hatched.  If Dany never killed him and then burned him, would the eggs have hatched?  Drogo's life was paid for by the dead Rhaego.  Then Dany decided on her own to end Drogo's "life" and during that separate event, the eggs hatched.  I don't see a connection between the two, other than emotional trauma to the last dragon (and her subsequent immersion in the fire along with the eggs).
379	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-21	(Too bad scarcely anything happens beyond the Wall until ASoS, lol...)- First visit to Craster's Keep and all that entails- Establishing the camp at Fist of the First Men- Discovery of the dragonglass blades- Introducing Qorin Halfhand- Jon & Co. ranging the Skirling Pass, killing wildlings, meeting Ygritte- Jon letting Ygritte go- Ghost encountering the warg Eagle, seeing the wildling horde- Jon & Halfhand's run from the wildlings, Halfhand's order to Jon- Jon & Halfhand's last stand versus Rattleshirt & Co plus the "duel."- Jon deserting & joining the wildlings, reuniting with YgritteNah, you're right, scarcely anything happens. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Plus it might make sense to move Jon's meeting with Mance into Season 2 as well.
380	Captain Tripps	2011-06-21	http://a1.l3-images....9507e02fe/l.jpg
Most important shot of the series, IMO.  These are the players.  Game is the game.  Always.
					
					
							Edited by Captain Tripps, 21 June 2011 - 04:25 PM.
381	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	I'm in agreement that changing Shae into a cold, worldly, calculating conniver who is capable of subtle deceit is a huge change from her character in the book, and can cause serious changes in her actions (or the impetus behind them) in the future. Book Shae is easily swayed by those around her, and takes delight in things like seeing golden castles made out of clouds. She is inelegant enough to beg to go the feast in front of the one man who doesn't want her to go. She asks for her silks and satins and jewels back, she doesn't demand them. She pouts, she whines, she sulks, but she never once takes the upper hand. Not so, our new "show-Shae". Show-shae takes what she wants, and is willing to rip someone up verbally to get it. She is aggressive, provoking, socially literate, and able to hold her own when conversing with Tyrion. She challenges him - not something I'd think he'd appreciate, considering his relationship with his sister and his father.You're saying that a whore in a camp takes what she wants?  She rips someone up to get it?  What scene was that?  About the only thing I can remember was the part about talking about her mom and dad, and that only barely fits the "gets what she wants" part of your post.  The fact is, we don't know anything about her, other than the fact that she apparently didn't come from a broken home with an abusive father.  She was still monetarily attached to the ginger cunt a few tents down and switched her attention to Tyrion for nothing other than whore-money.  As for what Tyrion does or does not appreciate, well he could have any whore in the entire country agree with him on everything.  Nothing about that would make the girl special to him.  One that arouses not only his Lannister weenie but also his intellect (something that very, very few people, much less whores, in the books do) is someone he's much more likely to fall hard for than a simple country girl taken to whoring.
382	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	What annoys me about the show is that while it's very good, it's just shy of being great, and it could easily have been great with just a bit more effort (and I'm not talking about budget issues). And I'm not talking about stupid stuff like 4-legged dragons or Dany not being bald or whatever, but about stuff that really adds to the drama. Examples:- The King in the North scene was good. But episode 10 was the shortest one at 53 minutes and even had some filler with Pycelle and Littlefinger/Varys, so they did have minutes to spare. Why not show the northmen arguing back and forth, and THEN have the Greatjon come up with the King in the North idea? That would have made the scene much more powerful.- Dany's pyre. Why not have her ask Rhakaro to be her bloodrider, then have him refuse her, and show the looks on the face of the Dothraki showing they think she's stupid/crazy/etc, and THEN have them all bow down to her once they see the dragons? Why give the "blood of my blood" line to Jorah instead of Rhakaro (it's a Dothraki saying after all)? - The Jaime/Catelyn scene. It made no sense to have it here and now. Catelyn questions Jaime about Bran because she learned of the incest through Stannis and connected the dots. Jaime admits to having pushed Bran because at this point in the story, he doesn't care anymore, he's been rotting away in a cell for months, and also, he knows Catelyn knows, so  there's no point in him denying it. It makes no sense for him to admit having pushed Bran now nor does it make sense for Catelyn to connect Bran to Jaime. And Jaime will have precious little screen time in S2 anyway, why use up one of his best scenes too early?There are many other moments like that. They might be insignificant details to some, but to me, doing them properly would have given the scenes a lot more impact, and with little additional effort.And then there's the significant departures. The characterizations of Shae and Cersei are completely different (especially Shae). The reasons for that are far from apparent, and in Shae's case, bringing her to court to be the "Hand's Lady" will force them to have a completely different storyline in seasons 2 and 3. Some ask to have faith in the writers, and I'm sure they'll come up with something decent, but I'm also sure (by past experience) that it won't be as good as what GRRM wrote. Oh well...Edit: I have to say, though, that I think they really nailed the Wall scene of the last episode. Showing the Sworn brothers getting ready for the big ranging with Mormont's voice-over was just epic, I actually had a chill. (Too bad scarcely anything happens beyond the Wall until ASoS, lol...) And the dragons themselves were perfect, really good CGI there.I'm sure they will sleep extremely unsoundly on top of all their Emmys and Golden Globes after reading your post and wishing they'd only thought of these things that would've made their series better.  As for Shae going to court, it hasn't happened so forget your doom and gloom version of how the story will have to change.  Remember, Tyrion bringing Shae to KL was a semantic twist of Tyrion's.  So until that happens, I don't think it's safe to assume that it will happen.
383	Lupigis	2011-06-21	On the topic of changes to Shae.  They HAD to change Shae.They had to change her somehow. I'm just worried about the direction of the change. Maybe a bit prematurely, since it will take so long until we know exactly how they develop her...
384	Captain Tripps	2011-06-21	Hmm, it's definitely an interesting point that a horse isn't a high enough price to pay for a human life. Then again, what she bought wasn't a human life. And, in retrospect, I think that's how I see it: You can suck life out of a big, powerful creature and put it into a big, powerful human, but there's more to being human than a living body...Also, I find it hard to reconcile this logic with MDD's peregrinations. She basically said (or strongly implied) that the horse's life was what was needed (wasn't so clear on what would be the payoff). Later, she said that Dani "knew" the price. How could she? You said all that you needed was a horse, and I'm supposed to assume that you're going to kill my baby? For me, that interpretation just didn't make any sense. So, I assumed the "price" in question was the half-life vegetative state that Drogo wound up in. The way I read it, you couldn't have "purchased" real life for Drogo with a horse or a baby...As far as the stillbirth, I guess the fact that it came out looking like a dragon was more eye-popping to me--I just couldn't imagine that happening without it being signficant. It's one thing to say, "Your baby was born dead," but quite another to say, "You're baby was born a dead, winged lizard." Unless we were led to believe that this was common for Targaryans, it strikes me as a pretty singular event. [Bill Cosby version: "My darling, I love you very much. You've just given birth to...a lizard."]All this being said, I absolutely DO agree that your interpretation fits better with the way they portrayed these events in the TV show. Everyone saw MDD cut her eyes at Dani's belly, and the whole thing seemed staged to portray MDD as a big fat vengeful liar. Which leaves the birth of the dragons as just a very strange, miraculous thing that happened without any obvious cause, other than Dani's desire for dragons.For me, that's less satisfying. Magic is magic, but I like to feel that there exist some underlying "rules" that explain what's happening. If bringing Drogo back from the edge of death by sepsis would be a big damn deal, then how much bigger of a deal is to bring back dragon eggs that have been dead long enough to have fossilized? And what price was paid? As you mentioned, the explanation of the rules could be forthcoming later, but my suspicion is that this will remain a headscratcher.-VM\Mirra never says the Horse is the price tho, she merely says it won't cost Dany HER life.  She only mentions that they need the horse's blood.  In the books it's clearer that all the violence that erupts as MDD begins the ceremony is the price being paid.  I don't think MDD intended, in the books, to kill the baby, that was a consequence of Jorah carrying Dany into the tent.  The show depicted it a little differently.  But even there, Dany repeats MDD's line about only death paying for life, and the line about wanting her life, not her screams.  Astute viewers should be able to connect that with the dragon's birth.  Altho it's heavily implied in the books that the same ceremony that returned thee semblance of life to Drogo started the transformation of the eggs (as they were in the same room, maybe the spell affects any dead thing within range), as Dany is dreaming about them while unconscious after giving birth, and to her they feel warm when she wakes.  A scene or two making that point would have been nice.  MDD's death (and perhaps even Drogo's) is the final spark they needed to hatch, but they weren't just fossils when she placed them on the pyre.
385	Unnamed	2011-06-21	I'll have to re-read things again next month right before the new book comes out (hopefully midnight the 11th/12th on my nook!), but very rarely do pieces of prophecy need any other reason for happening than their own happening, if you get what I'm saying.  It's as easy as saying the eggs hatched because Dany is the last dragon (Targ).  I see Drogo's life and the dragon's birth as two separate happenings that occurred close to each other.  Remember, Drogo's life-saving happened before the eggs hatched.  If Dany never killed him and then burned him, would the eggs have hatched?  Drogo's life was paid for by the dead Rhaego.  Then Dany decided on her own to end Drogo's "life" and during that separate event, the eggs hatched.  I don't see a connection between the two, other than emotional trauma to the last dragon (and her subsequent immersion in the fire along with the eggs).All I can say at this point is, I hear what you're saying. And it's still interesting to delve into an alternate interpretation, but I suspect that we've carried this as far as we can. And I probably haven't come any closer to changing your mind than you have to changing mind. Not that I'm telling you to shut up, but I've run out of new things to say. But a fun topic, nonetheless.-VM
386	D_Richard	2011-06-21	As for Shae going to court, it hasn't happened so forget your doom and gloom version of how the story will have to change.  Remember, Tyrion bringing Shae to KL was a semantic twist of Tyrion's.  So until that happens, I don't think it's safe to assume that it will happen.Seems to me that just as much, if not more, is being extrapolated by fans from the actress's dialect and eye make-up as from her actual dialogue.
387	Unnamed	2011-06-21	...In the books it's clearer that all the violence that erupts as MDD begins the ceremony is the price being paid......MDD's death (and perhaps even Drogo's) is the final spark they needed to hatch, but they weren't just fossils when she placed them on the pyre.I don't remember getting the impression that the ceremony was causing the violence--at least, not magically--but I like it. MDD is in the tent pushing buttons on the cash register, and outside the blood is flowing. Never occurred to me...I also like your construction where the ceremony starts the process and the pyre supplies the final (blood) ingredients. It would make it that much more interesting to know what Daeni actually is doing while she's in the pyre. I assume she wasn't just waiting for dragons to land in her lap...-VM
388	Unnamed	2011-06-21	Look I can live with 2-legged dragons, and I didn't say they only have two legs, I said I prefer the 4-legged kind.  FYI, to say I don't know what I'm talking about is completely ridiculous...Also I have one in my backyard and I'm pretty sure he has 4 legs since I walk him everyday, twice a day.  What do you have to say to that?"It doesn't matter where he grips it. It's a simple question of weight ratios: A 5-ounce dragon could not carry a one-pound coconut. Look, a dragon has to flap its wings 43 times a second in order to maintain air-speed velocity--am I right?""If it was a 4-legged D&D dragon it could do it.""Well, yes, but not a Valyrian dragon. That's my point.""Of course, the D&D dragons are non-migratory..."-VM
389	Captain Tripps	2011-06-21	I don't remember getting the impression that the ceremony was causing the violence--at least, not magically--but I like it. MDD is in the tent pushing buttons on the cash register, and outside the blood is flowing. Never occurred to me...I also like your construction where the ceremony starts the process and the pyre supplies the final (blood) ingredients. It would make it that much more interesting to know what Daeni actually is doing while she's in the pyre. I assume she wasn't just waiting for dragons to land in her lap...-VMIn the book at least, she doesn't enter the pyre until she hears the eggs hatching.  I imagine he was doing whatever it is you do to newborn dragons, then nursing them in turn.Also I thought 2 legged fore winged dragons had been accepted by the fantasy community as the most biologically natural.  At least on any Earth like, "vertebrates with 4 limbs" planet.  Didn't expect that to be a big deal.
					
					
							Edited by Captain Tripps, 21 June 2011 - 05:29 PM.
390	Unnamed	2011-06-21	In the book at least, she doesn't enter the pyre until she hears the eggs hatching.  I imagine he was doing whatever it is you do to newborn dragons, then nursing them in turn.Well, it makes sense, but I was picturing something more...exciting.-VM
391	Captain Tripps	2011-06-21	Well, it makes sense, but I was picturing something more...exciting.-VMI find the image of her breast feeding winged reptiles...titillating.
392	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-21	Look I can live with 2-legged dragons, and I didn't say they only have two legs, I said I prefer the 4-legged kind.  FYI, to say I don't know what I'm talking about is completely ridiculous.  I've been reading fantasy for 20 years, and I really don't care who the best dragon ever put on film was, because books are better than movies every time.  Furthermore there are numerous instances of Dragons with 4 limbs - D&D, AD&D, Dragonlance, Forgotten Realms, etc etc...WoW, Final Fantasy, Harry Potter, MBotF (Steven Erikson for the illiterate), Eragon,  Wagner's Siegfried, Fin Fang Foom (Marvel Comics)....need I continue?Also I have one in my backyard and I'm pretty sure he has 4 legs since I walk him everyday, twice a day.  What do you have to say to that?If you don't feel what I wrote fits you then you don't have to take offense as I was writing a general comment, not directly towards you. My point was specifially to those that have said that D&D made the wrong choice as it's known that Martin imagined two-legged dragons when he wrote the book (which means there was a correct choice in order to bring the book to the screen). If you didn't say that then I wasn't talking about you, and if someone wants to imagine four-legged ones that's of course totally up to the individual since we're all creating our own stories together with the text when we read.
393	Unnamed	2011-06-21	"It doesn't matter where he grips it. It's a simple question of weight ratios: A 5-ounce dragon could not carry a one-pound coconut. Look, a dragon has to flap its wings 43 times a second in order to maintain air-speed velocity--am I right?""If it was a 4-legged D&D dragon it could do it.""Well, yes, but not a Valyrian dragon. That's my point.""Of course, the D&D dragons are non-migratory..."-VMIt occurs to me that I may have blindsided the dragon debaters with this. So, in the interest of fairness, I have re-interpreted the whole Shae argument, which I have participated in..."She's no whore!" "This isn't Tysha" "She's a witch!" "Burn her!""A witch? Tell me, how do you know that she is a witch?""She's really ugly." "She's got a big nose." "She doesn't talk like Tysha." "Well, she turned me into a Stark.""A Stark?""...I got better.""Gentlemen, please. We have ways of determining if she is a witch. Tell me, what do we burn besides witches?""More witches!" "Lannisters!" "Wood.""Ah, yes. And tell me, does wood sink in water?""No, it floats.""And what else floats in water?""Very small rocks." "Dragonflies." "Tyrion's cock.""Very good....So, if she weighs the same as...Tyrion's cock, then she...floats in water, in which case...""She's a witch!""Otherwise...""Burn her anyway!"-VM
394	Unnamed	2011-06-21	I find the image of her breast feeding winged reptiles...titillating.Um, nice wording...the image doesn't exactly make Daeni my dream date, but okay...(I prefer the hot-tub scene from Ep 1, but to each his/her own.)"Look, I've put up with your cracker crumbs and giant eggs, but I hope you're not planning on breast-feeding those dragons in my bed..."-VM
395	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	\Mirra never says the Horse is the price tho, she merely says it won't cost Dany HER life.  She only mentions that they need the horse's blood.  In the books it's clearer that all the violence that erupts as MDD begins the ceremony is the price being paid.  I don't think MDD intended, in the books, to kill the baby, that was a consequence of Jorah carrying Dany into the tent.  The show depicted it a little differently.  But even there, Dany repeats MDD's line about only death paying for life, and the line about wanting her life, not her screams.  Astute viewers should be able to connect that with the dragon's birth.  Altho it's heavily implied in the books that the same ceremony that returned thee semblance of life to Drogo started the transformation of the eggs (as they were in the same room, maybe the spell affects any dead thing within range), as Dany is dreaming about them while unconscious after giving birth, and to her they feel warm when she wakes.  A scene or two making that point would have been nice.  MDD's death (and perhaps even Drogo's) is the final spark they needed to hatch, but they weren't just fossils when she placed them on the pyre.She absolutely did.  Especially if your first 2 sentences are true and the horse wasn't the death-price.  I don't know how it could be any clearer in the books or the show that Rhaego was the price for Drago's "life".
396	Mark Antony	2011-06-21	http://a1.l3-images.myspacecdn.com/images02/120/0f67329374874caf86242f29507e02fe/l.jpgMost important shot of the series, IMO.  These are the players.  Game is the game.  Always.Littlefinger, Varys, and the Wire in one post = win
397	CryFenril	2011-06-21	You're saying that a whore in a camp takes what she wants?  She rips someone up to get it?  What scene was that?  About the only thing I can remember was the part about talking about her mom and dad, and that only barely fits the "gets what she wants" part of your post.  The fact is, we don't know anything about her, other than the fact that she apparently didn't come from a broken home with an abusive father.  She was still monetarily attached to the ginger cunt a few tents down and switched her attention to Tyrion for nothing other than whore-money.  As for what Tyrion does or does not appreciate, well he could have any whore in the entire country agree with him on everything.  Nothing about that would make the girl special to him.  One that arouses not only his Lannister weenie but also his intellect (something that very, very few people, much less whores, in the books do) is someone he's much more likely to fall hard for than a simple country girl taken to whoring.I am thinking of the drinking game, for example - Book-Shae would have giggled and said something like "You'll have to drink, m'lord" and been all coy and smiley about it. Show-Shae shoves the cup at him and says "Drink!" in a rather unpleasant, commanding fashion.
398	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	All I can say at this point is, I hear what you're saying. And it's still interesting to delve into an alternate interpretation, but I suspect that we've carried this as far as we can. And I probably haven't come any closer to changing your mind than you have to changing mind. Not that I'm telling you to shut up, but I've run out of new things to say. But a fun topic, nonetheless.-VMObviously, I don't know what exactly prompted the eggs to hatch.  The only thing I am 110% positive about is that Dany's baby was the price for the blood magic to keep Drogo alive.  The deformation, the impetus for the eggs to hatch etc  are up for interpretation.  But I honestly can't understand how anyone would not theink that her baby was the price MMD extracted for saving Drogo.  Or that MMD knew/intended Drogo to be a veg as part of her revenge on the Dothraki.  Those two things are clear in the book and thanks to the terrible actress playing MMD, clear by her glance to D's belly in the show.
399	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	I am thinking of the drinking game, for example - Book-Shae would have giggled and said something like "You'll have to drink, m'lord" and been all coy and smiley about it. Show-Shae shoves the cup at him and says "Drink!" in a rather unpleasant, commanding fashion.That counts as ripping someone up to get what she wants?  There's no question she's less passive than book Shae but since Tyrion and Tywin and Bronn and Cersei and etc are all different than their book versions, so too will Shae be different.
400	Unnamed	2011-06-21	....But I honestly can't understand how anyone would not theink that her baby was the price MMD extracted for saving Drogo....That's reasonable by your interpretation. Here's mine: I honestly can't understand, if the baby's life was the price all along to turn Drogo into a living vegetable, what possible difference it could have made whether Daeni was in the tent or outside. Or why the baby transformed into a dragon in death. Which is why I think we've reached an impasse.Of course, part of this is that I never really got the impression that MDD was all that great of a prophesier/manipulator of events, but like most witches, she was ready to take credit for everything after the fact. If she was so damn prescient and powerful as she wants Daeni to think she is, I'd think her city wouldn't have been pillaged by the Dothraki to begin with.-VM
401	CryFenril	2011-06-21	I don't know why, but for some reason when Jorah says "I won't watch you burn!" and his throat gets all tight, I get funny whuppity-whup feelings in my chest. Can that man emote, or what? :-) 
 /wub.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
402	Starky Smurf	2011-06-21	I don't have the patience to search for it through 31 pages, but did anyone else think that looked like the Old Bear sitting to Theon's left in the KING IN THE NORTH scene?
403	Unnamed	2011-06-21	I don't know why, but for some reason when Jorah says "I won't watch you burn!" and his throat gets all tight, I get funny whuppity-whup feelings in my chest. Can that man emote, or what? :-)  /wub.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />That's the blood magic, pulling on your life force.-VM
404	CryFenril	2011-06-21	That counts as ripping someone up to get what she wants?  There's no question she's less passive than book Shae but since Tyrion and Tywin and Bronn and Cersei and etc are all different than their book versions, so too will Shae be different.I just think she's too different. Book-Shae's passivity and flirtiness is completely lacking here. The woman we have in the show is hard, and I would think that said hardness would be unappealing to a man who is used to paying for a woman's affections. But I'll respectfully agree to disagree with you on this one - after all, we each read the books and see them in our own heads, aye?And Unnamed, if that's blood magic, then count me in for the next round of devotees. I like that feeling of whuppity-whup, heh. I think that one line drew the most intense visceral reaction out of me, in the whole episode. Maybe even the whole series, for some odd reason.
					
					
							Edited by CryFenril, 21 June 2011 - 06:22 PM.
405	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	That's reasonable by your interpretation. Here's mine: I honestly can't understand, if the baby's life was the price all along to turn Drogo into a living vegetable, what possible difference it could have made whether Daeni was in the tent or outside. Or why the baby transformed into a dragon in death. Which is why I think we've reached an impasse.Of course, part of this is that I never really got the impression that MDD was all that great of a prophesier/manipulator of events, but like most witches, she was ready to take credit for everything after the fact. If she was so damn prescient and powerful as she wants Daeni to think she is, I'd think her city wouldn't have been pillaged by the Dothraki to begin with.-VMI have no idea where your last paragraph comes from.  She's not all that powerful. She saw a chance to get back at the destroyers of her life by killing their injured khal with her "medicine".  The fact that it snowballed into what it did was a bonus and she took full advantage of that by taking the khal's son as well as the khal.  Simple vengeance.As I said before, the baby was dead whether they were in the tent or not.  It's exceptionally clear that MMD was talking about the baby as the price for Drogo's life.  The deformation and the hatching of the dragons are above and beyond the simple fact that MMD used the baby's life to reanimate Drogo.
406	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	I just think she's too different. Book-Shae's passivity and flirtiness is completely lacking here. The woman we have in the show is hard, and I would think that said hardness would be unappealing to man who is used to paying for a woman's affections. But I'll respectfully agree to disagree with you on this one - after all, we each read the books and see them in our own heads, aye?Well of course she's too different.  Tyrion is massively different too.  He's not deformed, he's not in constant pain from mismatched legs etc...  Some of the people here seem to think that everyone else around Shae being different doesn't mean that Shae should be different.  As to if she's too different... please tell me how it affects their relationship in seasons 2 and 3.  I mean, I haven't seen them yet so I don't know, please enlighten me.  And don't feel as if only you can answer this, all the doom and gloomers that think Shae is too different feel free to chime in and tell me how it negatively affects scripts that haven't been written yet.
407	Unnamed	2011-06-21	I have no idea where your last paragraph comes from.  She's not all that powerful. She saw a chance to get back at the destroyers of her life by killing their injured khal with her "medicine".  The fact that it snowballed into what it did was a bonus and she took full advantage of that by taking the khal's son as well as the khal.  Simple vengeance.As I said before, the baby was dead whether they were in the tent or not.  It's exceptionally clear that MMD was talking about the baby as the price for Drogo's life.  The deformation and the hatching of the dragons are above and beyond the simple fact that MMD used the baby's life to reanimate Drogo.So, just to be clear, are you saying that the whole bit where she warned Daeni to stay out of the tent was just a misdirection? To what purpose?The point of my last paragraph is that your description of events pretty much has MDD in complete control, and the various things that happen are all part of her revenge plan, from the moment Daeni "rescues" her. Whereas, I tend to see her as offering what I would call half-assed help, then when things turn ugly, her attitude is 1) you didn't follow my instructions and 2) I don't really care because I never liked you anyway.Look, a lot of this interpretation is in the nuance. So when you say it's "plainly obvious" that someting happened this way--even though I interpreted it another way--the implication is that I'm illiterate. I'll own up to being crazy, obnoxious, twisted (the list goes on and on), but I am NOT illiterate. At least, I don't think so.Another clarification: I think I've already agreed that it's clear on the TV show that MDD is planning on the baby dying. I'm specifically referring to the book scene, which was a lot more ambiguous (or, it was to me, anyway).btw, there's no requirement that we continue this. I've already said that I think we're at an impasse. If we're just going to start re-stating our points more emphatically, well, we'll just be proving that we can both be annoying.-VM
408	CryFenril	2011-06-21	Well of course she's too different.  Tyrion is massively different too.  He's not deformed, he's not in constant pain from mismatched legs etc...  Some of the people here seem to think that everyone else around Shae being different doesn't mean that Shae should be different.  As to if she's too different... please tell me how it affects their relationship in seasons 2 and 3.  I mean, I haven't seen them yet so I don't know, please enlighten me.  And don't feel as if only you can answer this, all the doom and gloomers that think Shae is too different feel free to chime in and tell me how it negatively affects scripts that haven't been written yet.One thing that is not different about Tyrion is his dislike of other people overshadowing him - evidenced by the bitter way he describes his siblinghood with Cersei as "his greatest achievement". He doesn't like being reminded that he's a dwarf, no matter how much he uses it like armor. So I imagine being ordered about by a whore wouldn't sit well with him. A domineering prostitute doesn't strike me as something he'd like. Can you imagine Tyrion slapping Show-Shae and still having a hand once he'd done it? And... "Tell you" how it affects their relationship in seasons 2 and 3 since you haven't seen it yet...? There's no need to be harsh, hon, I am simply stating my own personal opinion. Never said I was spouting canon or had any hidden knowledge. Unless you're just being snarky, in which case I will just shrug and say it's really not worth being snarky about. I'm certainly not challenging anyone who likes Show-Shae - simply stating that I, for one, do not.
409	The King's Foot	2011-06-21	Good god, this thread has really started plumbing the depths of nonsense!
2 legs or 4 legs, a dragon's a dragon.  Sheesh.  
Shae: look, there comes a time when we all have to accept that the showrunners aren't necessarily going to hew exactly to the text, and in fact they may take really wide turns around some of the plot points.  For example, why Tyrion falls for Shae and how she betrays him.  
Show Shae is interesting to me b/c she's different.  Tyrion is a worldly, sophisticated guy and I think it's totally plausible that he falls for a more worldly, sophisticated whore.  Saying "Tyrion wouldn't do that b/c that makes Shae too much like his sister" is nonsense.  First off, Cersei is NOT worldly.  She's conniving and clever and machiavellian, but NOT worldly.  She hasn't been anywhere outside of Westeros (that we know anything at all about) and her whole universe is focused in on the square mileage of King's Landing.
Book Shae to me always seemed like some older man's fantasy of the shy innocent girl who nonetheless is a beast in the sack but only for him.  I always thought "Tyrion should be smart enough to see through this" but of course he wasn't.  That has a lot to do with Tysha, who we know a ton about from the book but next to nothing about from the show.  So, if they're not going to really go deep on Tysha and what that did to him, why not make Shae a more sophisticted woman for him?
Bottom Line: It's alllll good.
410	Ashamanic	2011-06-21	TV Shae is not going to remind Tyrion of Tysha, and without that sense of innocence he shouldn't be able to forget even for a second that she is a whore who is with him for his money
411	Unnamed	2011-06-21	Well of course she's too different.  Tyrion is massively different too.  He's not deformed, he's not in constant pain from mismatched legs etc...  Some of the people here seem to think that everyone else around Shae being different doesn't mean that Shae should be different.  As to if she's too different... please tell me how it affects their relationship in seasons 2 and 3.  I mean, I haven't seen them yet so I don't know, please enlighten me.  And don't feel as if only you can answer this, all the doom and gloomers that think Shae is too different feel free to chime in and tell me how it negatively affects scripts that haven't been written yet.Do I have to be a Doom-and-Gloomer to chime in? I think I've said this at least once, but since you've asked the question...what makes Shae too different is that she is nothing like Tysha. And the whole basis of Tyrion having a steady thing with her is that she is able to seem like Tysha to him. Otherwise, why keep a steady whore, when Ros is, impressively, on every corner of King's Landing?Not only does she not act anything like the described Tysha, but she outright declares how different she is ("No woman would..." Well, one woman did. Clearly, you ain't her.)We've all acknowledged that the TV Show ain't the book, and some changes are necessary. But this change is particularly jarring, because it makes the whole Tysha thing more of a macabre detail in Tyrion's life, rather than the central defining event that it is in the book.Does it ruin the show? Well, no, not for me. It does make those scenes a little painful for me to watch. Mainly, I would say it is a lamentable change, because of the "deformation" of Tyrion's character arc to no particular purpose. For me, it is a change for the worse, with no offsetting improvement to justify it. It is the fly floating in an otherwise tasty bowl of soup...For a number of people who like the new Shae, this seems an improvement. From my standpoint, whether I like the new Shae is immaterial. I actually don't like book Shae OR TV Shae. But the key question is whether Tyrion would like her, and I have now stated several times why I think he would not. Certainly not well enough to settle down with her and start pretending she's Tysha."I like you. You're just like Tysha. Except for the way you look, the way you talk, and the things you do. Otherwise, the resemblance is uncanny."-VM
412	Lord of Oop North	2011-06-21	They are obviously intending for Shae to attract Tyrion by being an equal match for him, as opposed to a flattering whore who will say anything to please him. Something which he has obviously had plenty of experience with. I can see the merit in this approach, which could work equally as well as the book approach, so I think that it's best to reserve judgement.
And just because TV Shae is "hard" and commands Tyrion to drink, doesn't mean that if you put her in a room with Tywin "I like to dress deer while talking to you" Lannister, she wouldn't sing like Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Oop North, 21 June 2011 - 07:18 PM.
413	Bronn Stone	2011-06-21	I'm not sure your age theory works.  Tyrion is still the younger brother of Cersei and Jaime.  And although Cersei might not be the hot chick from the books, she's still not supposed to be even in her mid thirties and Jaime definitely does not appear older than early thirties.  So Tyrion is still in his late 20s or at the latest 30-31.  Explaining aged looks on a dwarf is as easy as hot pie.Cersei married Robert about eighteen years earlier - right after the rebellion.  She was also considered as a bride for Rhaegar.  She was NOT fifteen at the time of her wedding.  She and Jaime are approaching forty at least.  Robert and Cersei have been married almost as long as Eddard and Robert, and the Starks have a son Robb's age.  Nikolaj is 40 and looks it.  Trust me, you'd not think him significantly younger than me (fitter, but not younger) if you met both of us and I haven't seen 40 in some time.ETA: The timeline works even less in Jaime's case.  The age of majority in Westeros is 16 and you have to have enough time before the war for Jaime to be a knight for at least a couple of years before being elevated to the Kingsguard.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 21 June 2011 - 07:29 PM.
414	Captain Tripps	2011-06-21	So, just to be clear, are you saying that the whole bit where she warned Daeni to stay out of the tent was just a misdirection? To what purpose?The point of my last paragraph is that your description of events pretty much has MDD in complete control, and the various things that happen are all part of her revenge plan, from the moment Daeni "rescues" her. Whereas, I tend to see her as offering what I would call half-assed help, then when things turn ugly, her attitude is 1) you didn't follow my instructions and 2) I don't really care because I never liked you anyway.Look, a lot of this interpretation is in the nuance. So when you say it's "plainly obvious" that someting happened this way--even though I interpreted it another way--the implication is that I'm illiterate. I'll own up to being crazy, obnoxious, twisted (the list goes on and on), but I am NOT illiterate. At least, I don't think so.Another clarification: I think I've already agreed that it's clear on the TV show that MDD is planning on the baby dying. I'm specifically referring to the book scene, which was a lot more ambiguous (or, it was to me, anyway).btw, there's no requirement that we continue this. I've already said that I think we're at an impasse. If we're just going to start re-stating our points more emphatically, well, we'll just be proving that we can both be annoying.-VMYou're not illiterate because I read the same book as you, and I didn't see anything that indicated MDD intended to take Dany's son as the price from the beginning either.  The price was ALL the deaths that occurred based on the decision to use Blood Magic, but none of those were caused directly by the magic.  The magic just fed off of them.  The child dying was a direct result of Jorah carrying Dany into the tent.  I mean they make it obvious when Dany looks at him and sees his guilt, GRRM makes that much pretty explicit IMO.TV show, very different take on it, on the whole arc really, from the beginning when Drogo gets the wound.  It's much smaller, and the intention seemed to be that MDD caused the infection that kills Drogo, vs taking advantage of the situation that arose when he ignored her treatment.  So trying to read into the book by what happened on the show is immediately going to lead some astray.
415	Eddard Stark	2011-06-21	Cersei married Robert about eighteen years earlier - right after the rebellion.  She was also considered as a bride for Rhaegar.  She was NOT fifteen at the time of her wedding.  She and Jaime are approaching forty at least.  Robert and Cersei have been married almost as long as Eddard and Robert, and the Starks have a son Robb's age.  Nikolaj is 40 and looks it.  Trust me, you'd not think him significantly younger than me (fitter, but not younger) if you met both of us and I haven't seen 40 in some time.Robert, Cersei, Jaime, Ned, etc. are all in their 30's in the books.  Jon Snow and Robb Stark were 15 at the start of AGOT, and born during or at the end of the war.  So I'd assume that Cersei and Robert had been married 14-15 years (since Ned married Catelyn at the start of the war, while Robert married Cersei afterwards).Robert & Ned were 18 or 19 at the start of the war, so they are roughly 35 at the start of the books.  Cersei and Jaime are ~4 years younger.
416	Captain Tripps	2011-06-21	Do I have to be a Doom-and-Gloomer to chime in? I think I've said this at least once, but since you've asked the question...what makes Shae too different is that she is nothing like Tysha. And the whole basis of Tyrion having a steady thing with her is that she is able to seem like Tysha to him. Otherwise, why keep a steady whore, when Ros is, impressively, on every corner of King's Landing?Not only does she not act anything like the described Tysha, but she outright declares how different she is ("No woman would..." Well, one woman did. Clearly, you ain't her.)We've all acknowledged that the TV Show ain't the book, and some changes are necessary. But this change is particularly jarring, because it makes the whole Tysha thing more of a macabre detail in Tyrion's life, rather than the central defining event that it is in the book.Does it ruin the show? Well, no, not for me. It does make those scenes a little painful for me to watch. Mainly, I would say it is a lamentable change, because of the "deformation" of Tyrion's character arc to no particular purpose. For me, it is a change for the worse, with no offsetting improvement to justify it. It is the fly floating in an otherwise tasty bowl of soup...For a number of people who like the new Shae, this seems an improvement. From my standpoint, whether I like the new Shae is immaterial. I actually don't like book Shae OR TV Shae. But the key question is whether Tyrion would like her, and I have now stated several times why I think he would not. Certainly not well enough to settle down with her and start pretending she's Tysha."I like you. You're just like Tysha. Except for the way you look, the way you talk, and the things you do. Otherwise, the resemblance is uncanny."-VMWell if, and we have no reason to think otherwise, at this point in the story he still thinks Tysha was just a lying whore, why would he be attracted or seduced into another long term relationship by a similar woman he KNOWS is in it for the money?I honestly think that's the reasoning.  It's why Shae's response was "you should have known better" when Tyrion told that tale.  Probably something he's thought every day since.  So a woman who doesn't put up the front would have an appeal the average simpering sex worker would not.  He's not going to be comparing everything she does or says to the way Tysha acts.  Makes him a little less pathetic, actually, but maybe some of the sympathy we feel for him in the books comes from watching him delude himself, IDK.I mean some people fall in love with the same woman over and over, and others run from anyone who reminds them even a little of the one who ripped out their heart.
417	Imp	2011-06-21	Re: shae. It's my experience that many people end up with partners who are very similar to their parents / siblings. Even (or especially) when they're uh... on the more abrasive side of things. So there's no real probs on that front for me.
However I must admit I can't remember exactly how the rest of tyrion's story plays out wrt her influence on his character development. Been a long while since I read the books.
418	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	So, just to be clear, are you saying that the whole bit where she warned Daeni to stay out of the tent was just a misdirection? To what purpose?The point of my last paragraph is that your description of events pretty much has MDD in complete control, and the various things that happen are all part of her revenge plan, from the moment Daeni "rescues" her. Whereas, I tend to see her as offering what I would call half-assed help, then when things turn ugly, her attitude is 1) you didn't follow my instructions and 2) I don't really care because I never liked you anyway.Look, a lot of this interpretation is in the nuance. So when you say it's "plainly obvious" that someting happened this way--even though I interpreted it another way--the implication is that I'm illiterate. I'll own up to being crazy, obnoxious, twisted (the list goes on and on), but I am NOT illiterate. At least, I don't think so.Another clarification: I think I've already agreed that it's clear on the TV show that MDD is planning on the baby dying. I'm specifically referring to the book scene, which was a lot more ambiguous (or, it was to me, anyway).btw, there's no requirement that we continue this. I've already said that I think we're at an impasse. If we're just going to start re-stating our points more emphatically, well, we'll just be proving that we can both be annoying.-VMParagraph 1:  No, it wasn't misdirection.  But that doesn't change the fact that the baby was gonna die as the price for Drogo.  I don't know what Dany's presence in the tent changed, but there were huge screaming neon signs pointing the price before the spell started, before Dany left the tent and before Dany re-entered the tent.  Paragraph 2:  No, it doesn't have her in control.  MMD saw a chance, when the khal was injured, to pretend to heal him while in fact poisoning him.  Then as things spiraled out of control (ie: the bonus part I spoke of earlier) with Dany's desperation, she was able to then take an even bigger toll on the conquerors by killing the son of the khal along with the khal.  There was no offer of half-assed help, she pretty clearly confessed to it all in the books.  If the actress was at all competent then maybe her portrayal could've added some subtext to it and it would be clearer, but she sucked.  Paragraph 3:  I don't see how I could possible imply that you're illiterate when we're discussing the books.  That's just plain silly.  Illiterate means you can't read.  So it's pretty much impossible to discuss books with an illiterate person.  I don't think you're seeing what's plainly in front of your face, or your confusing separate issues and I don't see how the gigantic neon signs that MMD's glance at Dany's belly can be interpreted as "nuance" and I honestly don't think in the books that it was nuanced at all either.  You think this witch, after having her village obliterated, her loved ones slaughtered, raped 3 or 4 times and facing lifelong servitude to a group of people that despise her kind was honestly trying to help?!  And just botched it on accident?  Or that killing a horse or dog to save a person wouldn't be more widely used, much less be considered taboo?  Illiterate, no, but there seems to be an issue with comprehension (and I don't mean that as an insult, just that your take on the story seems to defy comprehension of what was offered both in the book and the show).4:  I will have to re-read it, but I don't recall any ambiguity about it.5:  Person A can say 2+2=4 and Person B can say 2+2=5, but that doesn't make it an impasse.  I don't know from reading why the baby was dragonified or what Dany's entrance into the tent changed, but the signs are all there, and fairly easy to see, that A) MMD "killed" Drogo on purpose for revenge and /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the price of the blood spell was Rhaego.  And both of those are clear in the book.  And trust me, I'm red-headed Taurus and a moron (in a non-intellectual way), I can argue all day long with a blade of grass if I have nothing else to do!
419	iheartseverus	2011-06-21	To me anyway, it seems too... I don't know, cardboard? to equate Tyrion's feelings about Tysha and what he now feels for Shae, soooo closely inter-twined.  With Tysha, Tyrion was a kid, a teenager experiencing the rapture of his first great heart-pounding love.  (And, haven't we all been there?)   He was...a boy.  She sang him songs, she was kind and sweet and she loved him and he fell, head over heels.  Of course he did, he was a teen--its what they do, what we do, as teens.    But that was long, long ago and Tyrion is not that kid any longer.  Tyrion is a grown man now, a man who is, above all, sophisticated.  And really, I think that's the word that applies.  Sophisticated. He is brilliant, he is very widely read on any number of subjects which shows this is a grown man with a curious and hungry mind, and he is certainly sophisticated in the ways of the world, the ways of power, the ways of human greed, cruelty, dishonesty.  He has learned well how to use his natural gift for wit and his instinctive understanding of what motivates various people, to get along in a world that otherwise would have no place of significance for him due to his physical limitations.  And he does all that better than just about anybody.Would a grown man in his 30's who's mentally, literarilly, wittily and compassionately far above and beyond most of the contemporaries around him,who's traveled the world, been involved in Machaevallian games-of-thrones, seen honorable men fall while small-minded graspers triumph,  still yearn to find another simple girl Tysha to fill his heart,share  his days and nights?  I don't think so--I think he mourns Tysha, as we all mourn our youth, our first teen-aged great love.  Oh, and how painful all that was!  In Tyrion's case, more painful than any of us in the real world have experienced (hopefully!), but yet, that was a child's love.  A boy-child's love for a girl-child.  Tyrion, the grown man as he is now, would fall not for a sweet simple girl-child, but for a woman who could challenge him, provoke him, force him to use that great mental capacity that he has, spur him onward.I'm not a great fan of the Shae that HBO gives us, not because she argues and challenges Tyrion, but only because I find her somewhat shrill, waspish, hostile.  But I understand their thinking.  Tyrion  is probably the most complex, mentally-agile character in the entire series.  This is a man who thinks, explores, wonders, investigates, prods, wishes, hopes, envisions.  He needs much from his woman-companion, he will fall for the one who seems to give him not just the physical stimulation, that's easy and cheap, but the mental and emotional stimulation he craves.
420	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	One thing that is not different about Tyrion is his dislike of other people overshadowing him - evidenced by the bitter way he describes his siblinghood with Cersei as "his greatest achievement". He doesn't like being reminded that he's a dwarf, no matter how much he uses it like armor. So I imagine being ordered about by a whore wouldn't sit well with him. A domineering prostitute doesn't strike me as something he'd like. Can you imagine Tyrion slapping Show-Shae and still having a hand once he'd done it? And... "Tell you" how it affects their relationship in seasons 2 and 3 since you haven't seen it yet...? There's no need to be harsh, hon, I am simply stating my own personal opinion. Never said I was spouting canon or had any hidden knowledge. Unless you're just being snarky, in which case I will just shrug and say it's really not worth being snarky about. I'm certainly not challenging anyone who likes Show-Shae - simply stating that I, for one, do not.Tyrion likes a challenge, that much is clear.  I never bought the idea that he fell so hard for a simple, run of the mill whore who was clearly sucking up to him for golddigging purposes because his intellect should've warned him not to trust her on a base level, especially after being burned so many times before (specifically Tysha who, at this point, he doesn't know was for real).  And I don't think this Shae is domineering.  She does exactly what he tells her to, be his lady and hump him like there's no tomorrow.  She has more attitude and is more aggressive certainly, which at times can be domineering, but on the whole she is doing exactly what he said he wanted from her.  She's just not doing it like book Shae.  I find it infinitely more likely that book or TV Tyrion would fall for TV Shae than for book Shae.
421	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	We've all acknowledged that the TV Show ain't the book, and some changes are necessary. But this change is particularly jarring, because it makes the whole Tysha thing more of a macabre detail in Tyrion's life, rather than the central defining event that it is in the book.-VMAnd again I'll say, until we see what they do with the Tyrion/Shae relationship, making judgments or predictions like this are silly.  We're all in agreement that, for the most part, D&D have done an outsstanding job transforming a complex book series into a compelling and well done TV series.  We also all agree that Tyrion is possibly THE best character in the books and his relationship with Shae is probably THE most important relationship in the books.  I mean, they've had what, 12-15 minutes of screen time together out of roughly 600?  So why in the name of all the gods do people think that D&D are gonna screw this up?!
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 21 June 2011 - 07:46 PM.
422	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	Cersei married Robert about eighteen years earlier - right after the rebellion.  She was also considered as a bride for Rhaegar.  She was NOT fifteen at the time of her wedding.  She and Jaime are approaching forty at least.  Robert and Cersei have been married almost as long as Eddard and Robert, and the Starks have a son Robb's age.  Nikolaj is 40 and looks it.  Trust me, you'd not think him significantly younger than me (fitter, but not younger) if you met both of us and I haven't seen 40 in some time.ETA: The timeline works even less in Jaime's case.  The age of majority in Westeros is 16 and you have to have enough time before the war for Jaime to be a knight for at least a couple of years before being elevated to the Kingsguard.I thought he was 16 when elevated, the youngest ever.  Fifteen when he won a tourney and became a ser?  Then the war was pretty quick after that, I thought, so he was 17 or so when he killed Aerys?  Then 17 years to "present", so early to mid thirties then?  He's also, iirc (which is in doubt due to the post you replied to) the youngest Capt of the KG, which is useless knowledge since I don't know who the second youngest was.However, this still puts Tyrion in his early 30s, since obviously it was at least a year after J/C were born when he was born.
423	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	You're not illiterate because I read the same book as you, and I didn't see anything that indicated MDD intended to take Dany's son as the price from the beginning either.  The price was ALL the deaths that occurred based on the decision to use Blood Magic, but none of those were caused directly by the magic.  The magic just fed off of them.  The child dying was a direct result of Jorah carrying Dany into the tent.  I mean they make it obvious when Dany looks at him and sees his guilt, GRRM makes that much pretty explicit IMO.TV show, very different take on it, on the whole arc really, from the beginning when Drogo gets the wound.  It's much smaller, and the intention seemed to be that MDD caused the infection that kills Drogo, vs taking advantage of the situation that arose when he ignored her treatment.  So trying to read into the book by what happened on the show is immediately going to lead some astray.I find your first paragraph to be completely wrong.  MMD, in the book, said "You knew the price".  This (talk of the price) was before Dany went back into the tent.  Your bolded sentence is absolutely, 100% wrong.  I also suggest that you re-read the book part because even the first time I read it, it was clear to me that MMD poisoned his wound.  And think about it (this is something that's bothered me about the books as a whole), how many maimed people are running around Westeros?  Dudes get their noses, fingers, arms chopped off and they think nothing of the consequences.  However, before anti-biotics, even chopping off Davos' fingers had a better than 50% chance of killing him from infection.  Multiply that by all the people getting maimed in the books (look at what it took to keep Jaime alive), and the fact that a little scratch for a Dothraki Lord became that infected on it's own seems unlikely.
424	Cyclone49	2011-06-21	Very enjoyable finale. Certainly not on the level of intensity as last weeks, but about as good an ending to the season as it could have been. Sophie Turner stole the show tonight, I thought - loved her delivery of the "Maybe my brother will bring me your head" line. Jack Gleeson is doing a brilliant job as Joffrey too, you just want to reach through the TV screen and strangle him. Would have liked to have seen a bit more of him delivering his "justice" though, for me it was one of those scenes that really bought home just how much of a little monster he is.
The dragons looked incredible! If we had to lose the battles in episode 9 for that, I'm more than happy with the choice the producers made. And we finally saw Shaggydog!
425	El-ahrairah	2011-06-21	Does it bother anyone else that the dragons don't have forelegs??  Personally I'm wondering how they prevent thier wings from getting dirty or torn up since without forelegs they must use thier arms (to which thier wings are attached) for everything from holding thier food to fighting each other and other things.  Also have to wonder if they are capable of running on the ground since their wings would be a hinderance and presumably get caught up underneath thier arms.I loathe six-limbed dragons; I really do. You can have forelegs on your lizard if you want, and you can have wings on your lizard if you want. But not both! I guess Pegasus and his fellow flying horses are six-limbed as well, but since they're just plain horses with eaglelike wings mystically grafted on, I don't mind.I thought the post-pyre scene odd; why is most of Dany's hordette snoozing on the ground after such a monumental event has come to pass. But the final draconian shrieks were amazing.
426	Morrigan	2011-06-21	- First visit to Craster's Keep and all that entails- Establishing the camp at Fist of the First Men- Discovery of the dragonglass blades- Introducing Qorin Halfhand- Jon & Co. ranging the Skirling Pass, killing wildlings, meeting Ygritte- Jon letting Ygritte go- Ghost encountering the warg Eagle, seeing the wildling horde- Jon & Halfhand's run from the wildlings, Halfhand's order to Jon- Jon & Halfhand's last stand versus Rattleshirt & Co plus the "duel."- Jon deserting & joining the wildlings, reuniting with YgritteNah, you're right, scarcely anything happens. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Plus it might make sense to move Jon's meeting with Mance into Season 2 as well.Those things are all significant events, but they don't cover a lot of screen time, episode-wise.  Qhorin Halfhand appears for 2-3 chapters at the most (though we remember him fondly because he's memorable and badass and his death is poignant and sad). And compared to ASoS, it's all very little. The epic shit really starts going down in book 3, and you know it. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> There's the Others's attack on the Fist, the mutiny against Jeor and the massacre at Craster's, Jon meeting Mance and the giants, Jon and the others scaling the Wall, Sam slaying the Other and protecting Gilly and meeting Coldhands, Jon's narrow escape from the wildlings thanks to Summer's intervention, and of course the epic battles at the Wall, Stannis's intervention, and finally Jon being named Lord Commander. Those things are a lot more "epic" in scope and take a lot more screen time, that's what I meant.
427	Abaddon	2011-06-21	Those things are all significant events, but they don't cover a lot of screen time, episode-wise.  Qhorin Halfhand appears for 2-3 chapters at the most (though we remember him fondly because he's memorable and badass and his death is poignant and sad).Actually four (of eight) Jon chapters.
428	Raksha the Demon	2011-06-21	\Mirra never says the Horse is the price tho, she merely says it won't cost Dany HER life.  She only mentions that they need the horse's blood.  In the books it's clearer that all the violence that erupts as MDD begins the ceremony is the price being paid.  I don't think MDD intended, in the books, to kill the baby, that was a consequence of Jorah carrying Dany into the tent.  The show depicted it a little differently.  But even there, Dany repeats MDD's line about only death paying for life, and the line about wanting her life, not her screams.  Astute viewers should be able to connect that with the dragon's birth.  Altho it's heavily implied in the books that the same ceremony that returned thee semblance of life to Drogo started the transformation of the eggs (as they were in the same room, maybe the spell affects any dead thing within range), as Dany is dreaming about them while unconscious after giving birth, and to her they feel warm when she wakes.  A scene or two making that point would have been nice.  MDD's death (and perhaps even Drogo's) is the final spark they needed to hatch, but they weren't just fossils when she placed them on the pyre.There were four deaths associated with the end of Drogo's life and the birth of the dragons:  Drogo's horse, Rhaego, Drogo himself, and Mirri Maz Duur.  Since we kept hearing 'only death can pay for life', and Dany was determined to kill MMD not only out of vengeance but to take a life, I would say that one of those lives paid for Drogo's healing, such as it was, and the other three allowed the dragons to be born.  Trouble is, it's hard to tell which deaths paid for which lives.   MMD implies that she chose Rhaego to cure Drogo's sepsis; so that the prophesied Stallion would never commit the slaughter and rapine that his father caused.  But then, did Rhaego's death inside his mother's womb also pay for the birth of one of the dragons?  The child's supposingly turning into a dragon years dead is very suspicious, considering what happens a day or two later, three dragon eggs hatching living dragonets.   Of course, we only have MMD's word that poor baby Rhaego was born a wormy dragon corpse.Very confusing.  Perhaps GRRM will clear up the matter eventually.
429	Smiler	2011-06-21	just realized after watching Batman Begins last night that Joffrey (Gleeson) is the little kid in the Narrows......sorry for the sidetrack.  Proceed.
430	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	There were four deaths associated with the end of Drogo's life and the birth of the dragons:  Drogo's horse, Rhaego, Drogo himself, and Mirri Maz Duur.  Since we kept hearing 'only death can pay for life', and Dany was determined to kill MMD not only out of vengeance but to take a life, I would say that one of those lives paid for Drogo's healing, such as it was, and the other three allowed the dragons to be born.  Trouble is, it's hard to tell which deaths paid for which lives.   MMD implies that she chose Rhaego to cure Drogo's sepsis; so that the prophesied Stallion would never commit the slaughter and rapine that his father caused.  But then, did Rhaego's death inside his mother's womb also pay for the birth of one of the dragons?  The child's supposingly turning into a dragon years dead is very suspicious, considering what happens a day or two later, three dragon eggs hatching living dragonets.   Of course, we only have MMD's word that poor baby Rhaego was born a wormy dragon corpse.Very confusing.  Perhaps GRRM will clear up the matter eventually.  Your first sentence is wrong.  The only death associated with the dragons hatching was MMD.  Rhaego and the horse died during the spell.  Dany killed Drogo the next day (or later the same day, but I believe a night passed) and then later that night MMD died and the dragons hatched.  Different events entirely.  I don't recall a single hint or mention in the books or the TV show that implied that there is any connection between the hatching and the spell.  As a matter of fact, the eggs seemed alive to Dany long, long before any of the events that led to the spell, which would make it a huge stretch to say that Drogo's death had anything to do with the hatching other than indirectly.  The only thing connecting the events is the fact that Drogo died (again, AFTER the spell was done and paid for) and was burned in the fire that Dany entered to become Mother of the Dragons.  Dany made the eggs hatch, whether by prophecy or bloodline, but it had NOTHING to do with the spell that kept Drogo alive.  Somewhere along the line these two events got combined in the minds of viewers/readers but they simply aren't directly related by death, blood or magic to MMD's spell.I'll be more than happy to admit to being wrong if someone can point it out to me, but seriously, they are separate events that happened within a day or two of each other and that's it.As to the bolded sentence, I'm not sure how many more times it needs to be said, but Rhaego was the price (in the books and in the show) of the bloodspell.  Period.  MMD admits as much with her eyes in the show and in her confession in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 21 June 2011 - 11:44 PM.
431	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	Again funny how people view things differently, this time on the topic of MMD. I read the chat on WIC.net with a bunch of media folk and on the topic of characters that were better portrayed on the show than in the book MMD was mentioned. Fun contrast to the strong negatives Mad Sweeney has used.
432	Corvinus	2011-06-22	Your first sentence is wrong.  The only death associated with the dragons hatching was MMD.  Rhaego and the horse died during the spell.  Dany killed Drogo the next day (or later the same day, but I believe a night passed) and then later that night MMD died and the dragons hatched.  Different events entirely.  I don't recall a single hint or mention in the books or the TV show that implied that there is any connection between the hatching and the spell.  As a matter of fact, the eggs seemed alive to Dany long, long before any of the events that led to the spell, which would make it a huge stretch to say that Drogo's death had anything to do with the hatching other than indirectly.  The only thing connecting the events is the fact that Drogo died (again, AFTER the spell was done and paid for) and was burned in the fire that Dany entered to become Mother of the Dragons.  Dany made the eggs hatch, whether by prophecy or bloodline, but it had NOTHING to do with the spell that kept Drogo alive.  Somewhere along the line these two events got combined in the minds of viewers/readers but they simply aren't directly related by death, blood or magic to MMD's spell.I'll be more than happy to admit to being wrong if someone can point it out to me, but seriously, they are separate events that happened within a day or two of each other and that's it.As to the bolded sentence, I'm not sure how many more times it needs to be said, but Rhaego was the price (in the books and in the show) of the bloodspell.  Period.  MMD admits as much with her eyes in the show and in her confession in the books.Actually I am re-reading book 2, and Dany reflects in her first chapter on how her son's life, Drogo's, and MMD's were used to pay for the dragons' lives. This is not necessarily the truth of what happened, it's just her feeling. Here is the passage:"They had been born from her faith and her need, given life by the deaths of her husband and unborn son and the maegi Mirri Maz Duur"
433	Ser Plissken	2011-06-22	And another question, what if Game of Thrones was a buddy comedy?Brilliant."Coming soon, just like winter."
434	Gnomestress	2011-06-22	Even more amused by a snarky comment that mixes up "your" and "you're".Back to the episode.Dragons without forelegs would starve.  Just like large, predatory birds without them...Umm.  Never mind.On the topic of changes to Shae.  They HAD to change Shae.  Ditzy Shae would not survive the aging required to keep pace with Tyrion being aged up.  The character in the books was eighteen.  Dinklage is 41.  That dynamic would have been even creepier than the idea of Mark Addy with the child-whore who gave birth to Barra.  But once you make Tyrion on the cusp of middle-age, you can't have him enamored of a childlike-whore.  "Can I keep my fur and jewels"  "Do you want to powder me up in flour?"  Ugh.Tell that to Hugh Heffner...plenty of older, powerful, wealthy men find vapid, pretty women to be perfectly adequate for their needs.
435	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	Actually I am re-reading book 2, and Dany reflects in her first chapter on how her son's life, Drogo's, and MMD's were used to pay for the dragons' lives. This is not necessarily the truth of what happened, it's just her feeling. Here is the passage:"They had been born from her faith and her need, given life by the deaths of her husband and unborn son and the maegi Mirri Maz Duur"That almost goes to prove my theory of emotional trauma of a Targ triggering the hatchings.  Seems much more like a reflection of a trauma than causality, which you kind of touched on.  And, clearly, no mention of the horse!
436	Stark Truth	2011-06-22	I loathe six-limbed dragons; I really do. You can have forelegs on your lizard if you want, and you can have wings on your lizard if you want. But not both! I guess Pegasus and his fellow flying horses are six-limbed as well, but since they're just plain horses with eaglelike wings mystically grafted on, I don't mind.Odin's horse Sleipnir has eight legs!
437	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	That almost goes to prove my theory of emotional trauma of a Targ triggering the hatchings.  Seems much more like a reflection of a trauma than causality, which you kind of touched on.  And, clearly, no mention of the horse!But it makes you wonder if a horse can pay for a dragon's life when it's not enough for a human's. It doesn't seem very likely, although it's of course entirely up to the individual reader at this point.
438	Leuf	2011-06-22	TV Shae is not going to remind Tyrion of Tysha, and without that sense of innocence he shouldn't be able to forget even for a second that she is a whore who is with him for his moneyUntil his father says don't bring the whore to King's Landing.  Tywin creates the connection.  In the show I don't think Tyrion actually has any intention of bringing Shae with him, until his father forbids it.
439	legba11	2011-06-22	Robert, Cersei, Jaime, Ned, etc. are all in their 30's in the books.  Jon Snow and Robb Stark were 15 at the start of AGOT, and born during or at the end of the war.  So I'd assume that Cersei and Robert had been married 14-15 years (since Ned married Catelyn at the start of the war, while Robert married Cersei afterwards).Robert & Ned were 18 or 19 at the start of the war, so they are roughly 35 at the start of the books.  Cersei and Jaime are ~4 years younger.The timeline at the beginning of the show is pretty clear that it's been 17 years.  Viserion says as much in the first episode (second?).Jaime was a member of the kingsguard for some time before the war.  The absolute minimum he could be is 35, and that is really stretching it tightly.
440	Daenerys Stormborn	2011-06-22	All in all I was quite pleased with the season finale. Sure there were little things throughout the season that bothered me, but to transition from gianormous book to 1 hour episodes I realize some stuff has to go or be introduced in other ways. I was so thankful the dragons looked amazing, especially since we've had very little dire wolf time! The final scene really was stunning<U+0085> to see something you've read over and over come to life!  The Nights Watch final scene was great too, can't wait for the ranging to come next season.* have to agree I'm not into the TV version of Shae. Whether it's the actress, acting, or new portrayal I just don't like her.* wondering the reason why the line "When your womb quickens again, and you bear a living child." was left out when it would've only taken 3 seconds to include???* every time I see Dany in thick braids I can't help but think GRRM's description of Visenya and I LOVE IT (though I know it's just her assimilation into dothraki culture).* I can't wait for more green dreams! I want more Bran time, such a great character with a definite role to come /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />
441	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	But it makes you wonder if a horse can pay for a dragon's life when it's not enough for a human's. It doesn't seem very likely, although it's of course entirely up to the individual reader at this point.Since I have been very clear that the dragons hatching has nothing whatsoever to do with the bloodspell, no it does not make me wonder.  But, if I did wonder about it, I would think that for a creature so much more powerful than a human and lost to the world for 300 (or 100?) years, that something more than the price for a human would be needed.
442	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	Since I have been very clear that the dragons hatching has nothing whatsoever to do with the bloodspell, no it does not make me wonder.  But, if I did wonder about it, I would think that for a creature so much more powerful than a human and lost to the world for 300 (or 100?) years, that something more than the price for a human would be needed.If it wasn't blood magic, why would MMD give a sign of being afraid of what was about to happen when Dany thanks MMD for the lessons she had taught her and that she didn't need her screams, only her life because only death can pay for life? That, together with the not even subtle part of her again thinking "only death can pay for life" as the eggs hatch, makes it abundantly clear that Dany is attempting to recreate the blood magic spell. MMD's reaction strongly indicates that Dany might succeed.
443	Ser Plissken	2011-06-22	Since I have been very clear that the dragons hatching has nothing whatsoever to do with the bloodspell, no it does not make me wonder.  But, if I did wonder about it, I would think that for a creature so much more powerful than a human and lost to the world for 300 (or 100?) years, that something more than the price for a human would be needed.The blood of a witch?
444	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	If it wasn't blood magic, why would MMD give a sign of being afraid of what was about to happen when Dany thanks MMD for the lessons she had taught her and that she didn't need her screams, only her life because only death can pay for life? That, together with the not even subtle part of her again thinking "only death can pay for life" as the eggs hatch, makes it abundantly clear that Dany is attempting to recreate the blood magic spell. MMD's reaction strongly indicates that Dany might succeed.Nope.  Not even close.  She wants MMD's life because MMD killed Drogo and Rhaego.  I see nothing in the book or TV show that show Dany knew the dragons would hatch or was even attempting to hatch them.  In fact, she even says in the show that she's sacrificing the eggs on the pyre because they were given to her as a wedding gift and that part of her life is over.  Abundantly clear.
445	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	The blood of a witch?No.
446	Corvinus	2011-06-22	Nope.  Not even close.  She wants MMD's life because MMD killed Drogo and Rhaego.  I see nothing in the book or TV show that show Dany knew the dragons would hatch or was even attempting to hatch them.  In fact, she even says in the show that she's sacrificing the eggs on the pyre because they were given to her as a wedding gift and that part of her life is over.  Abundantly clear.In the book, Dany expected (or at least hoped) that what she was about to do would result in the dragons hatching. She suspected there was life in the fossilized eggs when she touched one after she woke from her ordeal with the tent and losing her son.
447	Unnamed	2011-06-22	Well if, and we have no reason to think otherwise, at this point in the story he still thinks Tysha was just a lying whore, why would he be attracted or seduced into another long term relationship by a similar woman he KNOWS is in it for the money?I honestly think that's the reasoning.  It's why Shae's response was "you should have known better" when Tyrion told that tale.  Probably something he's thought every day since.  So a woman who doesn't put up the front would have an appeal the average simpering sex worker would not.  He's not going to be comparing everything she does or says to the way Tysha acts.  Makes him a little less pathetic, actually, but maybe some of the sympathy we feel for him in the books comes from watching him delude himself, IDK.I mean some people fall in love with the same woman over and over, and others run from anyone who reminds them even a little of the one who ripped out their heart.This is a fine rationalization, and if it works for you...then you won't find the TV Shae as annoying as I do. However, this is nothing like the Tyrion in the books. And yes, we've all acknowledeged that the TV Show ain't--and can't be--the books. However, the reason that I have loved the TV Show has been how faithfully they have stuck to the "spirit" of the books, even while making adjustments to the story. But in this one particular case, it does not feel (to me) faithful at all to the "spirit" of the story, and that is why it is so grating for me. And while I don't think the books represent some kind of theoretical perfection (such a lofty designation is reserved for Donaldson's books, in my personal pantheon), no one will convince me that Tyrion's character arc (at least, so far) needed improving.Right or wrong, smart or dumb, the Tyrion of the story never recovered from the Tysha debacle, and he seemed to never accept, at least emotionally, that she could have been a whore. The awful scene with the soldiers and the coins was supposedly the "proof" of her whoreship, and clearly he tried to tell himself that it worked as a proof, and a reminder of his own foolishness. And yet...his emotional response to the scene (and to Tysha) never matched up with that. He was just horrified, and he still thought of Tysha as his "dream girl".At the end of AFfC/beginning of ADWD, Tyrion learns the "truth" about Tysha, and gives every indication that he intends to try to track her down ("where do whores go?")--which, given the events and the amount of time that has passed, cannot possibly end well. If this new Shae is such a better match for Tyrion, then his later actions just seem strange.Of course, they left it out in the TV Show, but in the book, Tyrion gave Bronn specific instructions about the kind of whore he wanted. [Random Association Warning] So the arrival of the TV Shae is a Hitchhiker's Guide moment for me: Tyrion has told Bronn that he wants tea (that is, Tysha), and described what he means by it, and Bronn, having consulted the Heart of Gold computer, produces something that is almost, but not exactly, entirely unlike Tysha. Arthur Dent wouldn't stand for it, and neither would Tyrion.It's good for you if you can rationalize the TV Shae into Tyrion's character arc. It sucks for me, because I can't. Doesn't mean that I hate the TV Show--I love most of it. But every time she appears on screen and speaks, it tosses me right out of the story, because I'm thinking the "real" Tyrion would just as soon have a snake in his bed. Of course, the "real" Tyrion is probably different for every reader of the books. Clearly, your "real" Tyrion is far different from mine. What I'm reminding you is that I'm not trying to prove to you that you're wrong, and I'm trying to describe my "real" Tyrion, and why I imagine him this way. The only person who could definitively say what the REAL Tyrion would do is GRRM, and if he did, it appears that it could ruin the story for half of us.And your last sentence is just pointless. Some people fall in love furry animal suits and rubber fuck dolls. We're not talking about the entirety of possible human responses to stimuli. We're talking about Tyrion, whose thoughts and actions we've been sharing through 4 books.-VM
448	Unnamed	2011-06-22	You're not illiterate because I read the same book as you, and I didn't see anything that indicated MDD intended to take Dany's son as the price from the beginning either.  The price was ALL the deaths that occurred based on the decision to use Blood Magic, but none of those were caused directly by the magic.  The magic just fed off of them.  The child dying was a direct result of Jorah carrying Dany into the tent.  I mean they make it obvious when Dany looks at him and sees his guilt, GRRM makes that much pretty explicit IMO.TV show, very different take on it, on the whole arc really, from the beginning when Drogo gets the wound.  It's much smaller, and the intention seemed to be that MDD caused the infection that kills Drogo, vs taking advantage of the situation that arose when he ignored her treatment.  So trying to read into the book by what happened on the show is immediately going to lead some astray.As usual, I find nothing in your interpretation that is significantly incompatible with mine. One quibble: If the magic isn't causing the violence that it "needs" to power it, what is causing it? Does MMD just know to cast her spell when everyone is in a bad mood? I kinda like the idea of the spell creating the bad mood, thus ensuring that the needed violence will occur...-VM
449	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	In the book, Dany expected (or at least hoped) that what she was about to do would result in the dragons hatching. She suspected there was life in the fossilized eggs when she touched one after she woke from her ordeal with the tent and losing her son.I'll have to re-read that to be sure, but regardless of if she thought they might hatch, it still doesn't point in any way, shape or form to the idea that MMD's death had anything to do with it.  It's 1000% more likely that her burning her love and/or herself was the catalyst.  10,000% certain that in the TV show there was nothing to link bloodmagic with the hatchings.  The fact that she suspected life in the eggs long, long, long before Drogo was injured speaks volumes to the idea that her being a Targ had infinitely more to do with the eggs hatching than anything MMD did.
450	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	This is a fine rationalization, and if it works for you...then you won't find the TV Shae as annoying as I do. However, this is nothing like the Tyrion in the books. And yes, we've all acknowledeged that the TV Show ain't--and can't be--the books. However, the reason that I have loved the TV Show has been how faithfully they have stuck to the "spirit" of the books, even while making adjustments to the story. But in this one particular case, it does not feel (to me) faithful at all to the "spirit" of the story, and that is why it is so grating for me. And while I don't think the books represent some kind of theoretical perfection (such a lofty designation is reserved for Donaldson's books, in my personal pantheon), no one will convince me that Tyrion's character arc (at least, so far) needed improving.Right or wrong, smart or dumb, the Tyrion of the story never recovered from the Tysha debacle, and he seemed to never accept, at least emotionally, that she could have been a whore. The awful scene with the soldiers and the coins was supposedly the "proof" of her whoreship, and clearly he tried to tell himself that it worked as a proof, and a reminder of his own foolishness. And yet...his emotional response to the scene (and to Tysha) never matched up with that. He was just horrified, and he still thought of Tysha as his "dream girl".At the end of AFfC/beginning of ADWD, Tyrion learns the "truth" about Tysha, and gives every indication that he intends to try to track her down ("where do whores go?")--which, given the events and the amount of time that has passed, cannot possibly end well. If this new Shae is such a better match for Tyrion, then his later actions just seem strange.Of course, they left it out in the TV Show, but in the book, Tyrion gave Bronn specific instructions about the kind of whore he wanted. [Random Association Warning] So the arrival of the TV Shae is a Hitchhiker's Guide moment for me: Tyrion has told Bronn that he wants tea (that is, Tysha), and described what he means by it, and Bronn, having consulted the Heart of Gold computer, produces something that is almost, but not exactly, entirely unlike Tysha. Arthur Dent wouldn't stand for it, and neither would Tyrion.It's good for you if you can rationalize the TV Shae into Tyrion's character arc. It sucks for me, because I can't. Doesn't mean that I hate the TV Show--I love most of it. But every time she appears on screen and speaks, it tosses me right out of the story, because I'm thinking the "real" Tyrion would just as soon have a snake in his bed. Of course, the "real" Tyrion is probably different for every reader of the books. Clearly, your "real" Tyrion is far different from mine. What I'm reminding you is that I'm not trying to prove to you that you're wrong, and I'm trying to describe my "real" Tyrion, and why I imagine him this way. The only person who could definitively say what the REAL Tyrion would do is GRRM, and if he did, it appears that it could ruin the story for half of us.And your last sentence is just pointless. Some people fall in love furry animal suits and rubber fuck dolls. We're not talking about the entirety of possible human responses to stimuli. We're talking about Tyrion, whose thoughts and actions we've been sharing through 4 books.-VMI'm not sure that I agree with your assessment that Tyrion plans on tracking her down.  And again, the Tyrion we've seen through the 4 books (actually 3 since he's not in book 4), is not the same Tyrion on the screen.  I say again to the naysayers of Shae, wait and see before freaking out (relative term) about her portrayal.  They've only had 3 (?) scenes together.  It's still absolutely easy for them to keep the essence of Tyrion/Shae together.  This is really just her introduction.
451	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	As usual, I find nothing in your interpretation that is significantly incompatible with mine. One quibble: If the magic isn't causing the violence that it "needs" to power it, what is causing it? Does MMD just know to cast her spell when everyone is in a bad mood? I kinda like the idea of the spell creating the bad mood, thus ensuring that the needed violence will occur...-VMYou guys need to get together and take a Literature 101 class.  It's exceedingly clear in both book and show that the price for the spell is Rhaego.  Please, I beg you, go read it again and watch it again.  It couldn't be easier to see if they put a neon sign up there.
452	Gnomestress	2011-06-22	[mod] Remember, keep it civil and keep it classy. [/mod]Just reminding folks that we're all fans here.  No need to get nasty or snippy at people.  You want to be insulting?  That's what 4chan is for.We can come together on two things, surely.1-GRRM is a mastermind made of awesome and win.2-Sean Bean is also made of win.
453	Unnamed	2011-06-22	...5:  Person A can say 2+2=4 and Person B can say 2+2=5, but that doesn't make it an impasse.  I don't know from reading why the baby was dragonified or what Dany's entrance into the tent changed, but the signs are all there, and fairly easy to see, that A) MMD "killed" Drogo on purpose for revenge and /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> the price of the blood spell was Rhaego.  And both of those are clear in the book.  And trust me, I'm red-headed Taurus and a moron (in a non-intellectual way), I can argue all day long with a blade of grass if I have nothing else to do!If the issue we were "arguing" were as straightforward as 2 + 2, we would have resolved it long ago. But, as I said, the issue is one of nuance, because there are clearly "facts" that point in different directions, and in our readings, we ascribe chief importance to different facts. For you, the key facts are the "signs" that point to the baby being the price of Drogo's "life". Although, ignoring MMD's eyes on the TV Show, in the book, the only signs I am aware of are MDD's justifications after-the-fact. I really didn't see any such signs before the ritual started. However, in your construction, you can't reconcile the "fact" of the requirement for Daeni to stay out of the tent, so you shrug it off as irrelevant or insignificant.In my reading, I place high significance on the "fact" of Daeni being carried into the tent, in spite of MDD's warning. I can't really reconcile this with all of her statements after-the-fact, so I tend to shrug them off as self-serving justifications or irrelevant. Is my identification of which facts are most relevant more correct than yours? Who the fuck knows?My key point is this: What's plainly obvious to you is different from what's plainly obvious to me because we assign different levels of importance to different "facts". And unless one of us has an epiphany, this isn't likely to change, and you're going to get more frustrated by my apparent blindness to what's in front of my face.To my way of thinking, the only way we could break the impasse would be if one of us (or someone else) can come up with an explanation that reconciles your key facts AND my key facts. So far, I have not seen such an explanation. Please believe me when I say I understand what you're saying, but I still disagree, for the reasons stated above. And restating your case with more declarations of what's "plainly obvious" doesn't convince me of anything, except that we disagree. And there's nothing wrong with that. If GRRM wanted us to know exactly what happened and why, I expect that he would have told us. Given his approach to writing, he may not even have considered all these different angles and formulations. He might just say, "Different people were doing different things--some of which mattered, some of which didn't--something magical happened, and dragons were born. And it doesn't really matter exactly HOW the magic worked." Unfortunately, those of us with a relentlessly logical way of thinking have a hard time letting the matter rest in such an ambiguous way.-VM
454	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	Nope.  Not even close.  She wants MMD's life because MMD killed Drogo and Rhaego.  I see nothing in the book or TV show that show Dany knew the dragons would hatch or was even attempting to hatch them.  In fact, she even says in the show that she's sacrificing the eggs on the pyre because they were given to her as a wedding gift and that part of her life is over.  Abundantly clear.So please explain exactly what you think happens when Dany thanks MMD for the lessons and says that she wants her life because only life can pay for death (a line directly taken from MMD explaining blood magic so the choice of word makes no sense to be talking about justice). Also explain why that phrase is the only thing that managed to draw any emotion out of MMD.And as for not being even close, that goes better for your recitation of what's said on the show. The only thing she says when Jorah asks her is "they were not given to me to sell". Nothing more.
455	D_Richard	2011-06-22	Just reminding folks that we're all fans here.  No need to get nasty or snippy at people.  You want to be insulting?  That's what 4chan is for.We can come together on two things, surely.1-GRRM is a mastermind made of awesome and win.2-Sean Bean is also made of win.3-Alan Taylor is a fantastic TV director4-Thanks and praise to HBO  for agreeing to spend an astounding heap of capital to bring our beloved saga to TV sets around the world.5-Benioff & Weiss for talking them into it.But I have to admit that it kind of blows that this Ep. 10 discussion has been dominated by nitpicks consisting of trans-fictional dragon anatomy, assumptions made of a character we've seen sparingly thus barely know or understand yet, and the procedural dissection of blood magic.The show is an entire season in and batting nearly 1.000 (forgive the metaphor), I'm going to leave its swing well enough alone.
456	Unnamed	2011-06-22	You guys need to get together and take a Literature 101 class.  It's exceedingly clear in both book and show that the price for the spell is Rhaego.  Please, I beg you, go read it again and watch it again.  It couldn't be easier to see if they put a neon sign up there.Well, at least you're not implying we're illiterate. For what it's worth, I took the advanced Lit classes, but it was more than 20 years ago. As I recall, I often disagreed with my teacher about the "meanings" of stories we read...I don't mind that you disagree with me--why is it so distressing that I disagree with you? Can you simply not live with it unless you somehow establish that it's because I'm stupid/oblivious/ignorant? There is no official "right" answer here, and no need to be insulting because I refuse to bless yours.We disagree. It happens all the time among intelligent people, and it almost NEVER means that one side is a bunch of idiots.[Added:] And what does it say about YOU that you can't seem to stop arguing with people who are clearly idiots?-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 22 June 2011 - 01:08 PM.
457	Unnamed	2011-06-22	3-Alan Taylor is a fantastic TV director4-Thanks and praise to HBO  for agreeing to spend an astounding heap of capital to bring our beloved saga to TV sets around the world.5-Benioff & Weiss for talking them into it.But I have to admit that it kind of blows that this Ep. 10 discussion has been dominated by nitpicks consisting of trans-fictional dragon anatomy, assumptions made of a character we've seen sparingly thus barely know or understand yet, and the procedural dissection of blood magic.The show is an entire season in and batting nearly 1.000 (forgive the metaphor), I'm going to leave its swing well enough alone.Well, after we say that we loved all the other stuff, what is there really left to talk about? Do you really get entertainment from reading a couple thousand posts that say, "Yeah, me too"? If you don't like the posts about that stuff, skip 'em. It's not like a bunch of dragon/blood magic-obssessed nerds marched into your living room and started lecturing you about it.If you'll give it a little thought, it will occur to you that there is NO ONE here (okay, almost no one) wasting time discussing the series (TV or books) that didn't love them. When we don't care for something, we put it aside and forget about it. When we love it, we want to talk about it in detail with others who feel the same, and argue over our interpretations.This is art we're talking about it. And the proof that it is art is that everyone who looks at it sees something different.-VM
458	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	So please explain exactly what you think happens when Dany thanks MMD for the lessons and says that she wants her life because only life can pay for death (a line directly taken from MMD explaining blood magic so the choice of word makes no sense to be talking about justice). Also explain why that phrase is the only thing that managed to draw any emotion out of MMD.And as for not being even close, that goes better for your recitation of what's said on the show. The only thing she says when Jorah asks her is "they were not given to me to sell". Nothing more.I'll watch it again, but I don't recall Dany saying anything to MMD about death paying for life at the pyre, just that she wanted MMD to die.  Only MMD said death for life to Dany in the tent before the spell.  And that spell was completed.  Rhaego died, Drogo lived.  Spell's over.  The hatching was  separate incident that occurred after the spell was over, after Dany killed Drogo herself because his "life" was unacceptable to her.
459	Unnamed	2011-06-22	I'll watch it again, but I don't recall Dany saying anything to MMD about death paying for life at the pyre, just that she wanted MMD to die.  Only MMD said death for life to Dany in the tent before the spell.  And that spell was completed.  Rhaego died, Drogo lived.  Spell's over.  The hatching was  separate incident that occurred after the spell was over, after Dany killed Drogo herself because his "life" was unacceptable to her.You are clearly focusing exclusively on the TV Show version of the scene, while the rest of us are focusing more on the book version. In the TV version, it's hard to deny that MDD has designs on the unborn child--EVERYONE saw the actress cut her eyes at Daeni's belly. The reason that we're talking about it is that, for some of us, this was very different from our understanding of the events in the book.So, if you go back and re-watch the show, you won't find what you're looking for. But, if you go back and re-read the book, you just might see what he's talking about.A key indicator that he is talking about the book is the reference to Daeni's thoughts. In the version of the TV Show that I watched, we were not privy to the thoughts of any of the characters.-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 22 June 2011 - 01:14 PM.
460	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	Well, at least you're not implying we're illiterate. For what it's worth, I took the advanced Lit classes, but it was more than 20 years ago. As I recall, I often disagreed with my teacher about the "meanings" of stories we read...I don't mind that you disagree with me--why is it so distressing that I disagree with you? Can you simply not live with it unless you somehow establish that it's because I'm stupid/oblivious/ignorant? There is no official "right" answer here, and no need to be insulting because I refuse to bless yours.We disagree. It happens all the time among intelligent people, and it almost NEVER means that one side is a bunch of idiots.[Added:] And what does it say about YOU that you can't seem to stop arguing with people who are clearly idiots?-VMI already told you I was a moron that would argue with a blade of grass.  But once again, you're interpretation goes awry.  I never implied that you or anyone else were idiots, just that you're way, way off on what's very clearly written and shown.
461	Unnamed	2011-06-22	I already told you I was a moron that would argue with a blade of grass.  But once again, you're interpretation goes awry.  I never implied that you or anyone else were idiots, just that you're way, way off on what's very clearly written and shown.I give up. You win. I can't believe I've wasted all this time thinking that Jorah carrying Daeni into the tent actually mattered.[The blade of grass bows in defeat.]-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 22 June 2011 - 01:17 PM.
462	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	I'll watch it again, but I don't recall Dany saying anything to MMD about death paying for life at the pyre, just that she wanted MMD to die.  Only MMD said death for life to Dany in the tent before the spell.  And that spell was completed.  Rhaego died, Drogo lived.  Spell's over.  The hatching was  separate incident that occurred after the spell was over, after Dany killed Drogo herself because his "life" was unacceptable to her.No, she doesn't in the show, I was writing what's said in the book. Nothing in the scene contradicts anything that happens in the books either so there's no reason to think that the show is different in what's happening, just more vague.
463	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	So please explain exactly what you think happens when Dany thanks MMD for the lessons and says that she wants her life because only life can pay for death (a line directly taken from MMD explaining blood magic so the choice of word makes no sense to be talking about justice). Also explain why that phrase is the only thing that managed to draw any emotion out of MMD.And as for not being even close, that goes better for your recitation of what's said on the show. The only thing she says when Jorah asks her is "they were not given to me to sell". Nothing more.I just re-watched the pyre scene and 1: You're right, she only says they weren't hers to sell.  That they were gifts to a woman who's now gone is my interpretation.  However there's nothing whatsoever in the scene that refers back to blood magic or MMD.  And 2: you're wrong, utterly, about what makes MMD show emotion.  The only emotion she shows is a smile after Dany tells her khalasar that they can leave if they want to and when some of them do, MMD smiles (which bolsters my arguments that her goal was to destroy the Dothraki khal that destroyed her life).  Dany says nothing about MMD other than she wants her life.  Nothing to tie it to the eggs, nothing to tie it to the spell.  Nothing.  Like I've said, for some reason the spell and the hatchings have been grouped together by people and that's not justified byt he show or the book.
464	Unnamed	2011-06-22	I already told you I was a moron that would argue with a blade of grass.  But once again, you're interpretation goes awry.  I never implied that you or anyone else were idiots, just that you're way, way off on what's very clearly written and shown.Moving on to other topics...can you clarify the difference between "idiots" and those who can't understand "what's very clearly written and shown"?I just want a better understanding of where I stand on the Great Number Line of Intelligence.-VM
465	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	I give up. You win. I can't believe I've wasted all this time thinking that Jorah carrying Daeni into the tent actually mattered.[The blade of grass bows in defeat.]-VMWho says it didn't matter?  All I've said is that the child was dead regardless of if she was in the tent or halfway to Asshai.  I would be willing to bet that the deformation was a product of coming in the tent.
466	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	You are clearly focusing exclusively on the TV Show version of the scene, while the rest of us are focusing more on the book version. In the TV version, it's hard to deny that MDD has designs on the unborn child--EVERYONE saw the actress cut her eyes at Daeni's belly. The reason that we're talking about it is that, for some of us, this was very different from our understanding of the events in the book.So, if you go back and re-watch the show, you won't find what you're looking for. But, if you go back and re-read the book, you just might see what he's talking about.A key indicator that he is talking about the book is the reference to Daeni's thoughts. In the version of the TV Show that I watched, we were not privy to the thoughts of any of the characters.-VMI'll get back to this when I re-read the scene later today, but I have little doubt that it will prove I am right on this.  Many things I will attribute to different interpretations, but some things are exceptionally clear even if they're not stated outright and this is one of them.
467	Unnamed	2011-06-22	I don't understand your question here.Well, start by trying to imagine that time runs backwards...-VM
468	Unnamed	2011-06-22	Who says it didn't matter?  All I've said is that the child was dead regardless of if she was in the tent or halfway to Asshai.  I would be willing to bet that the deformation was a product of coming in the tent.I'm using the verb "to matter" here in the sense of "to have some meanginful impact on subsequent events." So, in this case, we'll use the traditional notion of time moving forward.When you say, in essence, "It mattered, but the outcome would have been the same, regardless," what I "hear" is a meaningless contradiction, at least in the sense that I was trying to use "to matter".-VM
469	CryFenril	2011-06-22	It seems GRRM himself answered the question of how many legs Dany's dragons have, in his fan pics/emil section of the official website...Drogon KidnappedThe pertinent quote (emphasis mine): "Secondly, the great wyrm in the picture looks to have four legs, while my dragons have only two. They have the wrong dragon!" /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
470	Unnamed	2011-06-22	I'll get back to this when I re-read the scene later today, but I have little doubt that it will prove I am right on this....As ye seek, so shall ye find.-VM
471	Rangers30	2011-06-22	I can't tell you how happy I am that we have 10 MORE MONTHS to dissect all this!   /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
472	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	I'm using the verb "to matter" here in the sense of "to have some meanginful impact on subsequent events." So, in this case, we'll use the traditional notion of time moving forward.When you say, in essence, "It mattered, but the outcome would have been the same, regardless," what I "hear" is a meaningless contradiction, at least in the sense that I was trying to use "to matter".-VMHow about, it didn't matter as to whether the baby lived or died. Also, if "no one" is supposed to have come into the tent, but Dany AND Jorah did, what were the consequences to Jorah?  None.  Why not?
473	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	I can't tell you how happy I am that we have 10 MORE MONTHS to dissect all this!   /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />More like 3 weeks.  Once book 5 comes out I won't even think about the series until stuff about the filming of season 2 starts trickling out.I don't want to ruin it for anyone who hasn't read the sample chapters, but I am exceptionally interested in what the Dany chapter is going to mean in the long run.  Might be even more compelling than the fight against the Others.
474	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-22	I just re-watched the pyre scene and 1: You're right, she only says they weren't hers to sell.  That they were gifts to a woman who's now gone is my interpretation.  However there's nothing whatsoever in the scene that refers back to blood magic or MMD.  And 2: you're wrong, utterly, about what makes MMD show emotion.  The only emotion she shows is a smile after Dany tells her khalasar that they can leave if they want to and when some of them do, MMD smiles (which bolsters my arguments that her goal was to destroy the Dothraki khal that destroyed her life).  Dany says nothing about MMD other than she wants her life.  Nothing to tie it to the eggs, nothing to tie it to the spell.  Nothing.  Like I've said, for some reason the spell and the hatchings have been grouped together by people and that's not justified byt he show or the book.You seemed to have skipped my latest answer to you where I clarified that what I was writing was the details from the book. The show doesn't really say anything why the eggs hatch but the important thing is that it doesn't contradict the book in any way (it was just shortened), and the book is not even subtle with the fact that Dany is attempting blood magic. And again, judging from how MMD reacts to when Dany says that she wants her life because only death can pay for life it certainly looks like Dany is doing things right.
475	Unnamed	2011-06-22	How about, it didn't matter as to whether the baby lived or died. Also, if "no one" is supposed to have come into the tent, but Dany AND Jorah did, what were the consequences to Jorah?  None.  Why not?Are you sure? Jorah didn't give birth to a healthy baby either, and as I undertand it, will never be able to in the future...Too silly? Okay, how 'bout this: I have a pot of boiling water, and I tell John not to stick his head in it. However, John's wife approaches with their baby and trips over a slithy tove on the ground beside the pot. In the subsequent pratfall, John, his wife, and the baby all dunk their heads in the boiling water. John and his wife live, but the baby dies. Since John and his wife lived, does that mean that the boiling water is not responsible for the baby's death?Too bizarre? I'll just say this: The fact that Jorah did not suffer any obvious ill effects (for all we know, he's sterile, now) does not force me to conclude that entering the tent would harm no one. I could list a lot of reasons that an unborn fetus might be more "susceptible" to blood magic than an adult, but I don't see the point.Too theoretical? Alright. I don't know the answers to your questions. Why did MDD say that she only needed a horse for the blood magic rite, when she knew that she really needed the life of Daeni's fetus? Why did she claim that Daeni should have known what she really meant? Why would anyone expect Daeni to be an expert on the requirements of blood magic spells?Since the events in question are ambiguous, we can both pose unanswerable questions about each other's scenarios, and we can both scramble to come up with theoretical "answers" that fit in with our understanding of the events. And the exercise will get us exactly nowhere.-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 22 June 2011 - 02:34 PM.
476	Gnomestress	2011-06-22	The Belgariad was the first fantasy book series I ever read.  I picked it off of an endcap at my library because I liked the cover art.  It captured my 11 year old imagination and majorly influenced my tastes.  True, the Mallorean is extremely similar to the Belgariad but it holds such a special place in my heart that I cannot look at those stories in a critical light.
I'd like to meet GRRM but I follow the idea of not meeting your idols.  I don't agree with the pederasty angle as far as the idea of young girls being married off and having sex.  GRRM bases Westeros in many ways off of medieval Europe.  The red wedding is even loosely based off of a historical event.  Child brides were commonplace during this time.  It disgusts modern day people but within the setting it is socially acceptable.
I enjoyed Dragonlance up until the end of Chronicles.  I didn't read them until long after those books were first published.  I wasn't even born when Autumn Twilight was released.  That's neither here nor there.  I can relate with you on the beat up books.  My husband doesn't understand how I can read the same book over and over and still enjoy it.  I tell him he just hasn't found the right book.
477	Unnamed	2011-06-22	The Belgariad was the first fantasy book series I ever read....I read it, but found it to be...unmemorable. That is, I don't even remember exactly what it was about. The series that introduced me to fantasy--and made me a lifelong subscriber--was the Earthsea Trilogy (it was a trilogy back then). If you haven't read it, you're missing out on a classic.-VM
478	Gnomestress	2011-06-22	I read it, but found it to be...unmemorable. That is, I don't even remember exactly what it was about. The series that introduced me to fantasy--and made me a lifelong subscriber--was the Earthsea Trilogy (it was a trilogy back then). If you haven't read it, you're missing out on a classic.-VMI haven't read it.  I'll have to check it out.  Thanks for the recommendation!
479	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	Are you sure? Jorah didn't give birth to a healthy baby either, and as I undertand it, will never be able to in the future...Too silly? Okay, how 'bout this: I have a pot of boiling water, and I tell John not to stick his head in it. However, John's wife approaches with their baby and trips over a slithy tove on the ground beside the pot. In the subsequent pratfall, John, his wife, and the baby all dunk their heads in the boiling water. John and his wife live, but the baby dies. Since John and his wife lived, does that mean that the boiling water is not responsible for the baby's death?Too bizarre? I'll just say this: The fact that Jorah did not suffer any obvious ill effects (for all we know, he's sterile, now) does not force me to conclude that entering the tent would harm no one. I could list a lot of reasons that an unborn fetus might be more "susceptible" to blood magic than an adult, but I don't see the point.Too theoretical? Alright. I don't know the answers to your questions. Why did MDD say that she only needed a horse for the blood magic rite, when she knew that she really needed the life of Daeni's fetus? Why did she claim that Daeni should have known what she really meant? Why would anyone expect Daeni to be an expert on the requirements of blood magic spells?Since the events in question are ambiguous, we can both pose unanswerable questions about each other's scenarios, and we can both scramble to come up with theoretical "answers" that fit in with our understanding of the events. And the exercise will get us exactly nowhere.-VMThis entire post seems like slithy tove, whatever that is.  The price of Drogo was the baby.  She called for the horse so that the Dothraki didn't cut her throat right then and there before she was able to finish her spell.  And she didn't say she 'needed' the spell, she said bring me the horse.  If the baby wasnt the price, then why did she tell Dany "You knew"?  It's not ambiguous at all.
480	Unnamed	2011-06-22	I haven't read it.  I'll have to check it out.  Thanks for the recommendation!I'm happy to share...of course, speaking of classics, anything by Stephen R. Donaldson qualifies, especially the 3 Covenant series. In my personal pantheon of writer gods, he occupies the position of Zeus. I guess Ursula LeGuin would be Athena (Wisdom). Which means that GRRM would be...Haephaestus?If you delve into Donaldson, though, be warned: I never attempt to read any of his books without having my giant unabridged dictionary (or web browser) handy.-VM
481	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	I haven't read it.  I'll have to check it out.  Thanks for the recommendation!The Prydain Chronicles were the first fantasy books I read in 3rd grade, 1980 or so.  But it was the Chronicles that I read in 84-85 that sunk the hooks.  And I re-read them every year or two...
482	Unnamed	2011-06-22	This entire post seems like slithy tove, whatever that is.  The price of Drogo was the baby.  She called for the horse so that the Dothraki didn't cut her throat right then and there before she was able to finish her spell.  And she didn't say she 'needed' the spell, she said bring me the horse.  If the baby wasnt the price, then why did she tell Dany "You knew"?  It's not ambiguous at all.Ah, shit. Those questions were meant to be rhetorical. We've covered this, a number of times.Look my only goal in this was to understand how you came to the conclusions you did. I feel that I understand now; I just don't agree. I have no idea whether you understand how I came to the conclusions I did, but you resist the ideas so strenuously, I doubt it.We have examined each other's evidence, but have not come to any agreement. Barring the introduction of any new evidence, all we can do is continue to disagree. I would settle for a tie, but since you clearly will not, I yielded (several posts ago). Admittedly, I did it in a sarcastic way, but I yielded nonetheless. Now, my question for you is this: How many times must I yield to you before you stop swinging your sword at me, Ser Gregor?Can you not just walk away and declare yourself the victor? Or must you lop my head off in order to relax in the comfort of knowing that I will no longer be thinking thoughts that are offensive to you?After all these years, can we not rise above our self-righteous desire to silence the infidels? It's a waste of time, you know. At some point, you're going to realize that there are a whole lot of people, besides me, who are wrong on the Internet.-VM
483	Unnamed	2011-06-22	The Prydain Chronicles were the first fantasy books I read in 3rd grade, 1980 or so.  But it was the Chronicles that I read in 84-85 that sunk the hooks.  And I re-read them every year or two...Is this referring to the Prydain Chronicles from the first sentence, or some other Chronicles?-VM
484	Unnamed	2011-06-22	This entire post seems like slithy tove, whatever that is....Are you saying that you haven't read Jabberwocky? Ye gods, what are they teaching in Lit 101 classes these days?-VM
485	Lion of Venice	2011-06-22	I've finally watched the episode and this is one of my favourites, almost every scene was perfect.
The dragons birth was probably my favourite scene, togheter with the scene of Joffrey being horrible to Sansa, which by the way is doing a very good job in showing the changes in her character.
486	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-22	Is this referring to the Prydain Chronicles from the first sentence, or some other Chronicles?-VMSorry, Dragonlance for the second one.  And I'm a little off on the first.  Technically it's the Chronicles of Prydain.  I also tore through Lloyd Alexander's other works when I was a tyke.  I can actually still picture the shelves on the library in Phx and the summer reading checklists I filled out every year...
487	CryFenril	2011-06-22	Donaldson is the master of the unusual synonym. Why call it black or yellow or red when you can call it ebon, ochre, or incarnadine, lol? But his Haruchai do indeed kick butt. The man may write like a lawyer, but he sure did have a good story to tell.
488	Ser Plissken	2011-06-22	No.Am I missing something, Sweeney, but wasn't Dany's baby dead waaaaay before she walked into the inferno?Her unborn child was payment for zombie-Drogo, no?
489	Unnamed	2011-06-22	Donaldson is the master of the unusual synonym. Why call it black or yellow or red when you can call it ebon, ochre, or incarnadine, lol?Well, that's one I certainly can't answer, but, if nothing else, he's enriched our vocabularies. I find it hard to imagine any person who could read one of his books and know every word on first try, particularly the existing books of the Last Chronicles.Then again, I could say that he doesn't mean generic "yellow"; rather, he means a very specific shade of yellow. I'd be talking out of my ass, though (as I would be any time I claimed to speak for Donaldson's intentions). Sadly, none of my dictionaries provide color chips to allow me to appreciate these distinctions, if they exist.For what it's worth, I have always felt that many of his polysyllabic constructions add a certain poetry to his descriptions. It is undeniably a very rich and precise version of English that he speaks.-VM
490	beehives	2011-06-22	I'm so in love with Emilia after this episode. /girlcrushReally minor complaints here:What did everyone think of the design of the dragons? (the nerdiest question I think I've ever asked) While unbelievably realistic looking, something just seemed "off" about their anatomy. Then I realized that they're missing tails! Long tails that could be wrapped around Dany's arm, like in the miniature. Maybe when they get bigger they'll grow one? Its hard for any flying object to get off the ground without a tail.Also, I wished they could have used the full finale song from Ramin Djawadi's soundtrack, but they cut the music short. It's absolutely stunning music, even better in its entirety!
					
					
							Edited by beehives, 22 June 2011 - 05:15 PM.
491	Unnamed	2011-06-22	Donaldson is the master of the unusual synonym. Why call it black or yellow or red when you can call it ebon, ochre, or incarnadine, lol? But his Haruchai do indeed kick butt. The man may write like a lawyer, but he sure did have a good story to tell.I apologize for the double post, but this just triggered a gush of memories for me...I picked up Lord Foul's Bane as a teenager, and I remember feeling blitzkrieged by all the mystery words and unexpected descriptions. Specifically, I remember spending quite a bit of time wondering where exactly Lena's "loins" might be. To this day, I can point to a general anatomical region, but I can't say I'm sure of the exact location...I also remember thinking it odd that Covenant never rubbed his eyes. Instead, he would do something like "dig his hands into his orbs." Who thinks of their eyes as "orbs"? ...and then it just hit me, I always assumed that "orbs" referred to his eyes...I hope he was referring to his eyes. Somehow, the idea of Thomas Covenant grabbing at himself like a gangsta rapper is...unsettling.-VM
492	CryFenril	2011-06-22	Well, that's one I certainly can't answer, but, if nothing else, he's enriched our vocabularies. I find it hard to imagine any person who could read one of his books and know every word on first try, particularly the existing books of the Last Chronicles.Then again, I could say that he doesn't mean generic "yellow"; rather, he means a very specific shade of yellow. I'd be talking out of my ass, though (as I would be any time I claimed to speak for Donaldson's intentions). Sadly, none of my dictionaries provide color chips to allow me to appreciate these distinctions, if they exist.For what it's worth, I have always felt that many of his polysyllabic constructions add a certain poetry to his descriptions. It is undeniably a very rich and precise version of English that he speaks.-VMLol, oh, don't get me wrong, I love his work. His vocabulary is stunning. It's just very dense, and he makes you pay close attention to every word lest you get confused. Reading him can actually make me tired afterward, lol. But in a good way. Brain cells all buffed up, y'know... mental workout.
493	CryFenril	2011-06-22	Tomm-C, representin'!  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
494	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-22	What did everyone think of the design of the dragons? (the nerdiest question I think I've ever asked) While unbelievably realistic looking, something just seemed "off" about their anatomy. Then I realized that they're missing tails! Long tails that could be wrapped around Dany's arm, like in the miniature. Maybe when they get bigger they'll grow one? Its hard for any flying object to get off the ground without a tail.Yeah same here.I remember Dany describing them looking almost like flying snakes when they started flying around. I've always pictured them with long necks, long tail, and slim torso. Though I'm very fond of the little chubby baby dragons we got. HBO needs to make plushies that come in plastic eggs!!I'm hoping the neck, tails, wings will grow out as they mature.
495	CryFenril	2011-06-22	The dragons were, perforce, a little vague - the only one we saw clearly was Drogon, and that just for a few seconds. It was a perfect cliffhanger - show us something good, but just a taste, so we want more and come back for it later. Having said that, I think their design (while a smidgen different from the visual we got from the books) was great. Big chunky heads (for big strong jaws) and long, slim, fragile-looking wing structure. Strong solid feet, and a flexible "finger-claw" at the elbow for grasping and pulling with the wing, much like a bat. The tails and bodies may indeed get longer and more 'serpentine' with time, or they may decide to go with the more classical depiction of a big stout beastie with a lot of muscle. After all, keeping physics in mind, if they are truly as lithe and delicate as we're led to expect in the books, they'd have to be beyond enormous to bear the weight of a rider. A more muscular creature could carry weight at a smaller size. Which may solve the problem of "growing them out" during the series...
496	Unnamed	2011-06-22	Lol, oh, don't get me wrong, I love his work. His vocabulary is stunning. It's just very dense, and he makes you pay close attention to every word lest you get confused. Reading him can actually make me tired afterward, lol. But in a good way. Brain cells all buffed up, y'know... mental workout.Couldn't agree more. We lesser mortals should not expect understanding to come easily.-VM
497	CryFenril	2011-06-22	I remember distinctly having to look up "chiaroscuro" and "gibbous", lol... and that's before we even met the Elohim, who just complicated things all to heck and back... Just to give you pleasant memories: An actual, honest-to-goodness website. I swear.
498	Unnamed	2011-06-22	I remember distinctly having to look up "chiaroscuro" and "gibbous", lol... and that's before we even met the Elohim, who just complicated things all to heck and back... Just to give you pleasant memories: An actual, honest-to-goodness website. I swear. Totally awesome. Thanks for the link.-VM
499	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-22	I probably should just leave this alone, but I'm a glutton for punishment.  My take on the MMD/Dany/Drogo/Dragons/Horse quintfecta of burning and life and death and magic and other crap:
Dany's baby was the price for Drogo's life.  My personal take on the disfigurement of the baby is that it's because she entered the tent, but that's just speculation.  It's also my guess that MMD told Dany not to come into the tent because she didn't want to be interfered with, NOT because Dany coming into the tent would cause her baby to die.  Her baby was going to die anyway.  The horse was either a diversion, or the blood was needed for the spell.
The dragons hatched because they were ready to hatch and were placed in a hot enough fire.  My guess is that Dany's touch of the eggs awakened the dragons within them (whether that occurred much earlier or the night they hatched, I don't know, but it doesn't really matter).  But the actual catalyst for hatching dragons was a super hot fire, and didn't have anything to do with Drogo or MMD or Rhaego dying.
500	Sega AM2	2011-06-22	It's good for you if you can rationalize the TV Shae into Tyrion's character arc. It sucks for me, because I can't. Doesn't mean that I hate the TV Show--I love most of it. But every time she appears on screen and speaks, it tosses me right out of the story, because I'm thinking the "real" Tyrion would just as soon have a snake in his bed. Of course, the "real" Tyrion is probably different for every reader of the books. Clearly, your "real" Tyrion is far different from mine. What I'm reminding you is that I'm not trying to prove to you that you're wrong, and I'm trying to describe my "real" Tyrion, and why I imagine him this way. The only person who could definitively say what the REAL Tyrion would do is GRRM, and if he did, it appears that it could ruin the story for half of us.This is also why I hate TV-Shae. She is so starkly different from the books that it breaks all immersion I have when I'm watching the show and she appears. Her acting and dialog are so jarring that I am thrown out of the story and all I can think about is how wildly different this is from the books. The changes to Shae are by far the most egregious to me, even worse than ridiculously changes like Littlefinger telling Sansa about The Hound's burns, or the pointless decision to swap two of the prologue characters. I understood when everyone was cast up a few years in age and even GRRM said that he liked that the TV characters were all older. And I don't mind that The Mountain is only seven feet tall on TV and not eight like in the books. Or that the actors who play Cersei and Jaime are not the same age and are both older than the actor who plays Tyrion. None of that bothers me at all because it isn't so glaringly dissimilar from the books. I can believe that Tyrion is younger on the show than his siblings and that Cersei and Jaime are the same age on the show. I can still see that The Mountain is a gigantic and fearsome psychopath. But I can't believe that TV Shae is at all the same character that book Shae is. Judging by the dialog in the show Shae is going to become Tyrion's lady at court and present at political meetings and social events. And she's supposedly not even low-born. And instead of being submissive and fooling Tyrion that she likes him she is instead outlandishly aggressive and domineering.
501	CryFenril	2011-06-22	I probably should just leave this alone, but I'm a glutton for punishment.  My take on the MMD/Dany/Drogo/Dragons/Horse quintfecta of burning and life and death and magic and other crap:Dany's baby was the price for Drogo's life.  My personal take on the disfigurement of the baby is that it's because she entered the tent, but that's just speculation.  It's also my guess that MMD told Dany not to come into the tent because she didn't want to be interfered with, NOT because Dany coming into the tent would cause her baby to die.  Her baby was going to die anyway.  The horse was either a diversion, or the blood was needed for the spell.The dragons hatched because they were ready to hatch and were placed in a hot enough fire.  My guess is that Dany's touch of the eggs awakened the dragons within them (whether that occurred much earlier or the night they hatched, I don't know, but it doesn't really matter).  But the actual catalyst for hatching dragons was a super hot fire, and didn't have anything to do with Drogo or MMD or Rhaego dying.I am somewhat in agreement with you on this - I have always thought that the heat of the fire wasn't strong enough when Dany put them in the brazier, but the pyre was hot enough to do the trick. The difficult thing is, we're arguing a single author's interpretation of a magical act. Which is like arguing about what color a fairy's wings are. We're never going to come up with a satisfactory universal answer. I, for one, always thought that Mirri summoned demons of some sort (she was "dancing, and not alone," if I remember the quote)in the tent who required a blood/life sacrifice - the horse may have drawn them, but when Dany was brought in they sought out her enticing unborn baby as well. Had she not entered the tent, Drogo would still have been the same afterward (zombified, basically) but her entrance gave the occult "powers" another target to attack as well.Mirri didn't seem to know that Jorah would ignore her edict and bring Dany into the tent, so it seems that Rhaego's demise was a sort of lagniappe for her. And as a practicioner of darker arts, it stands to reason that she'd claim credit for Rhaego's death on principle. It serves to boost her power over superstitious peoples if she can claim responsibility for two deaths, rather than just one. As for Dany's "sacrifice" of Mirri - Dany was thoroughly untrained in whatever art Mirri practiced, so the idea that she would be able to channel the same supernatural forces is sketchy, at best. No chanting, no dancing, just fire. Fire in and of itself doesn't seem to be enough - even Melisandre, who is arguably more powerful than Mirri, needs spells and chants and worship to make her fires work. Dany had nothing but a heap of burning corpses. I think Mirri did Drogo on purpose, Rhaego by accident, and had nothing at all to do with the dragons. Again, just my interpretation of a single author's description of a magical act. Take it as you will.  /idea.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':idea:' />
502	Starky Smurf	2011-06-22	I don't have the patience to search for it through 31 pages, but did anyone else think that looked like the Old Bear sitting to Theon's left in the KING IN THE NORTH scene?Sorry folks, I don't want to be "that guy", but seeing as I posted this in the middle of a 6 page argument about Dany/death/dragons, etc., and seeing as it's doing my head in the more I think about it, I was wondering if anyone noticed what I mentioned above. Granted, I wasn't watching in HD, but I could swear...
503	Aoife	2011-06-22	It's about to replay, so I'll look out for that scene. Other than that, the dragons do have tails, AFAIK. Large image of Dany + Drogon -- the tail is behind the dragon's right leg (our left), and continues down Dany's back.I find it more odd that the dragons have six "fingers" (five in the wing membrane, and then the claw at the top). Humans, seals, bats, we all have five. Of course, we have five toes, too, and the dragons seem to have four, so.... This is probably even weirder to consider worth discussing than they dragon/drake/wyvern thing.ETA: That scene just went by, and I can see why you see similarity, but it definitely wasn't James Cosmo. It's even more obvious in the face-on scenes when the shots show the Greatjon full-length.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 22 June 2011 - 09:20 PM.
504	Leuf	2011-06-22	Sorry folks, I don't want to be "that guy", but seeing as I posted this in the middle of a 6 page argument about Dany/death/dragons, etc., and seeing as it's doing my head in the more I think about it, I was wondering if anyone noticed what I mentioned above. Granted, I wasn't watching in HD, but I could swear...There's a resemblance, but if it is he's wearing fake beard/eyebrows/hair or they dyed it just for this.
505	Starky Smurf	2011-06-22	ETA: That scene just went by, and I can see why you see similarity, but it definitely wasn't James Cosmo. It's even more obvious in the face-on scenes when the shots show the Greatjon full-length.There's a resemblance, but if it is he's wearing fake beard/eyebrows/hair or they dyed it just for this.Thanks very much to you both. I figured it was just too nonsensical to be true, but I had to be sure.Neither here nor there, but I'm on my third read of ASoS and am getting to the Red Wedding chapter. Heavy heart. Of course I hope the series goes at least 3 seasons, but that scene will be tough to watch.
506	Aoife	2011-06-22	You also get a much clearer shot of the dragons' (well, Drogon's) tails in some of the other parts of the episode. Definitely long!
507	Leuf	2011-06-22	As for Dany's "sacrifice" of Mirri - Dany was thoroughly untrained in whatever art Mirri practiced, so the idea that she would be able to channel the same supernatural forces is sketchy, at best. No chanting, no dancing, just fire. Fire in and of itself doesn't seem to be enough - even Melisandre, who is arguably more powerful than Mirri, needs spells and chants and worship to make her fires work. Dany had nothing but a heap of burning corpses. While I don't think Dany was performing the exact same ritual as Mirri, the idea of awakening the dragons requiring heat plus sacrifice is sparked by it.  It just resonates with her on a subconscious level because she is indeed the dragon.The first paragraph of the last Dany chapter makes it abundantly clear that Mirri thinks Dany is trying to work a spell and she makes the same arguments that you made there, basically you don't know what you're doing and it will never work.  Later, Dany says "I thank you, MMD, for the lessons you have taught me... I remember what you told me.  Only death can pay for life."To say that all it took was a hotter fire to do it takes something away from Dany.  Throughout the series we see Dany being forged from the weak girl she was into the strong ruler she is (supposedly) meant to be.  The first book she is hardened, later she is tempered.  She constantly turns adversity into opportunity, always learning from what happens.  I believe Mirri wants to leave Dany in the state that Mirri is in, broken and everything taken from her.  While Mirri succeeds in her plan, it doesn't break Dany and in fact she takes from her the key to finally accomplishing everything she intends to do on her own terms.On a different track, I think Dany getting the dragons at this point is a message from GRRM to the reader that, like the Lannisters, he always pays his debts.  In this case Dany doesn't have to wait long (though she and us will have to wait and wait and wait before she can actually do anything important), and it's not really a fair trade, but it is one means of accomplishing her goal traded for another.  So we can take some heart that eventually the Starks will get something in return for Ned.  We just might have to wait a while.  But I'm sure by the middle of the third book good things will be happening for them /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
508	beehives	2011-06-22	It's about to replay, so I'll look out for that scene. Other than that, the dragons do have tails, AFAIK. Large image of Dany + Drogon -- the tail is behind the dragon's right leg (our left), and continues down Dany's back.Thanks for pointing that out. I see it now. there is definitely something descending down her back. I find it more odd that the dragons have six "fingers" (five in the wing membrane, and then the claw at the top). Humans, seals, bats, we all have five. Of course, we have five toes, too, and the dragons seem to have four, so.... This is probably even weirder to consider worth discussing than they dragon/drake/wyvern thing.LOL I'd love to hear about the producer's process for the design. Like were any herpetologists or paleontologists consulted? An expert cryptozoologist on staff, maybe? The details I do love are all those tiny TEETH!
					
					
							Edited by beehives, 22 June 2011 - 10:52 PM.
509	Abaddon	2011-06-22	for those complaining about the last scene being daylight, I ran across an explanation in this article:While Drogo<U+0092>s death means the end of Jason<U+0092>s character in the series, he was pleased with the way his warlord went out <U+0096> in a giant funeral pyre, which he revealed was shot in the day after nighttime filming went awry due to winds in Malta.
510	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-22	It's about to replay, so I'll look out for that scene. Other than that, the dragons do have tails, AFAIK. Large image of Dany + Drogon -- the tail is behind the dragon's right leg (our left), and continues down Dany's back.I find it more odd that the dragons have six "fingers" (five in the wing membrane, and then the claw at the top). Humans, seals, bats, we all have five. Of course, we have five toes, too, and the dragons seem to have four, so.... This is probably even weirder to consider worth discussing than they dragon/drake/wyvern thing.You're absolutely right. It's all about the angle of the dangle in that screen cap, but you can see the right [Drogon's right]leg looks thinker than the left, but then you notice that what makes it look thicker is the tail.Dragons, being especial beasties, would have evolved an extra digit (pinky-splitting I'm thinking). They are so large (or at least grow to be so) that in order for their enormous wings to retain sufficient membrane tension to support flight an extra digit is needed.4-toed feet, well that's reasonable given their digigrade stance.
511	Morrigan	2011-06-22	for those complaining about the last scene being daylight, I ran across an explanation in this article:Awwww, damn that sucks. Curse you, nature!
512	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-23	I wasn't expecting Hot Pie to be a major fatty.
513	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-23	On a different track, I think Dany getting the dragons at this point is a message from GRRM to the reader that, like the Lannisters, he always pays his debts.  In this case Dany doesn't have to wait long (though she and us will have to wait and wait and wait before she can actually do anything important), and it's not really a fair trade, but it is one means of accomplishing her goal traded for another.  So we can take some heart that eventually the Starks will get something in return for Ned.  We just might have to wait a while.  But I'm sure by the middle of the third book good things will be happening for them /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Of course!  Once Robb consented to marry one of Lord Frey's daughters and thus secured passage at the Twins, things started looking up for House Stark.  Can't wait to see Robb take King's Landing and teach Joffrey a thing or two!   /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
514	Eddard Stark	2011-06-23	The timeline at the beginning of the show is pretty clear that it's been 17 years.  Viserion says as much in the first episode (second?).Jaime was a member of the kingsguard for some time before the war.  The absolute minimum he could be is 35, and that is really stretching it tightly.Jaime is probably 31 or 32 at the start of the series (he's 4 years younger than Robert and Ned).  Check the books.Dany was conceived before the rebellion and is 14 when she becomes pregnant with Rhaego.
515	Not The Riddler	2011-06-23	This is a question from the discussion #1 thread... why all the hate on naked Roz? is it just because shes nude in a bunch of episodes?
516	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-23	This is a question from the discussion #1 thread... why all the hate on naked Roz? is it just because shes nude in a bunch of episodes?Every episode she's in she's shows her lady parts, even when she was fully clothed they had her flash her vagina at Theon.For me it's become a cliche: Oh here's Ros, vagina time. In a show where the sex and nudity is meant to be "real" having Ros unintentionally (I assume) turn into comic relief takes something away from the sexual element of the show. Ros is almost a caricature rather than a character.Perhaps if other female characters showed more, or if there was at least one scene where Ros doesn't show it. It's a pretty rare thing that you see greater variety of penis than vagina in a show. Though I swear Theon and Hodor used the same prosthetic (Thronecast interview with Natalia Tena confirmed Hodor's was a fake).When only one woman shows it off it becomes the token bush shot and seems contrived. When a bunch of women show it off it becomes a natural part of the world. In this respect Spartacus does it better IMO, there's so much nudity there, but because it's different people in different contexts it blends in to the show as a whole.The other objection to Ros is that Ros time took time away from actual scenes from the books, or took the place of scenes from the books. Which as book fans can be annoying: I was really looking forward to scenes A, B and C from the books but instead we got most of A, part of B and Ros and her pet beaver.So for me it's not her nudity in an absolute sense, but the context around of it that kinda made me sick of seeing Ros after about the second scene with her. Which is a pity, because I thought the actress did a good job with what she had to do.
517	CryFenril	2011-06-23	While I don't think Dany was performing the exact same ritual as Mirri, the idea of awakening the dragons requiring heat plus sacrifice is sparked by it.  It just resonates with her on a subconscious level because she is indeed the dragon.The first paragraph of the last Dany chapter makes it abundantly clear that Mirri thinks Dany is trying to work a spell and she makes the same arguments that you made there, basically you don't know what you're doing and it will never work.  Later, Dany says "I thank you, MMD, for the lessons you have taught me... I remember what you told me.  Only death can pay for life."To say that all it took was a hotter fire to do it takes something away from Dany.  Throughout the series we see Dany being forged from the weak girl she was into the strong ruler she is (supposedly) meant to be.  The first book she is hardened, later she is tempered.  She constantly turns adversity into opportunity, always learning from what happens.  I believe Mirri wants to leave Dany in the state that Mirri is in, broken and everything taken from her.  While Mirri succeeds in her plan, it doesn't break Dany and in fact she takes from her the key to finally accomplishing everything she intends to do on her own terms.On a different track, I think Dany getting the dragons at this point is a message from GRRM to the reader that, like the Lannisters, he always pays his debts.  In this case Dany doesn't have to wait long (though she and us will have to wait and wait and wait before she can actually do anything important), and it's not really a fair trade, but it is one means of accomplishing her goal traded for another.  So we can take some heart that eventually the Starks will get something in return for Ned.  We just might have to wait a while.  But I'm sure by the middle of the third book good things will be happening for them /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not meaning to take anything away from Dany, but to be honest, I didn't think it necessary for her to become a "blood magician" to become great. There was no hint during the pyre scene that she did anything magical or mystical (well, except not burn to death, heh) so it never occurred to me that she did anything other than get the eggs hot enough to hatch. She didn't chant, she didn't dance, she didn't wave a dagger around or pour blood on the eggs or anything like that. She let 'em get good and hot, then walked in and picked 'em up. Of course there's a chance that the "spell" worked without her actively doing anything (envisions demons waiting by the pyre for someone to die, then saying "Okay, we got one, let's hatch these things so we can be back in time for Seinfeld.") but that seems a bit off-the-wall to me. Magic by proxy? Spontaneous spell generation? Meh, who knows. I just don't like the idea. Dany sacrificed Mirri, in my opinion, as much to Drogo and to her people as she did to hatch the eggs. In order to be a leader, she must learn to do hard things (as evidenced with the Unsullied) and this is the first step toward her hardening. The hatching was a natural response to the heat, and IMHO the only magic involved on her part was... like I said, not burning to death in the process.An innate affinity with fire is one thing, the ability to cast a powerful spell after being exposed to it once and never doing anything to actively partake in it is totally another.
518	Gnomestress	2011-06-23	I wasn't expecting Hot Pie to be a major fatty.When your name is a tasty snack you're pretty much destined to be chunky.
519	Jimbeezee	2011-06-23	When your name is a tasty snack you're pretty much destined to be chunky.He's even fatter than Sam.  Kind of takes away from the idea that Sam is supposed to be the fattest person a lot of people have ever seen.
520	legba11	2011-06-23	Second watch:As much as I liked the episode the first time, I really liked it this time.  There is a lot of great stuff here.Sansa's turn scene was pretty much perfect.  Such a great scene to be pulled off almost entirely by two child actors.  The two non-readers I watch with both totally jumped on the Hound's being "not all bad" and "complicated".Catelyn and Jaime scene is really excellent too.  Probably the second best conversation scene (next to the contraversial Robert/Cersei marriage chat).  Jaime will need his role expanded in season 2, perhaps have his escape attempt actually succeed for 2 episodes, maybe a run in with Dondarien's troops or something.  That would give him more screen time (needed as he becomes the hero of the main story near the end of book 3) and allow the viewers to see him in action at full speed at least once more.I find Osha a bit overacting the wildling part, hopefully she tones it down a bit.  Bran is incrdibly charming as the child of summer he is supposed to be.  I wish there was more for him to do in the future.Lancel, "Was it this exciting, last time, when you were young?"  Ouch...King in the North scene was great both times.We need more Tywin and Tyrion scenes.  Add them to other shows in the Fall just so I can wait till next season.  Maybe a guest spot on CSI or something.MMD should have been less smug.  She got what she wanted and has her revenge, she feels her life was over before but still smug is not the appropriate attitude knowing she is going to be killed soon.  Strained defiance... sure, resigned peace... fine or at least forced/fake smugness.  Poor job by the actress I think.All three Wall scenes are incredible.  One (non reader) fellow watcher, "So when does Season 2 start?" as they rode through the wall.Emilia Clarke really shows a great range in this episode, she is great.The Pycelle scene works for me, it gives the non-readers a bit of the history and establishes him as another player in the game.  He is the most powerful man in the Game at the end of book 4, he needs to be someone before Tyrion tears him down.  He will make that scene more powerful and make it better when he survives that and prospers later.  It's great that Roz washes her Hoohah in front of him, she has no regard for him.The Varys/LF scenes are very entertaining.  Are they realistic?  No, men like that would play their cards VERY close to their vests.  That makes lousy television though.  Do you really want scenes of them lying in bed, thinking to themselves?  The scenes work.Arya meets Lommy and Hot Pie is kind of weak IMO.  Gendry saves it.  No idea what the confusion is about Rorge, Biter and Jaqen.  You don't see Biter's teeth (much) but there is clearly something off with his mouth.  Jaqen isn't cast yet, so the hood works.  It also makes sense if it is Syrio and he is hiding from anyone who may see through his disguise until he leaves KL.
521	Gnomestress	2011-06-23	He's even fatter than Sam.  Kind of takes away from the idea that Sam is supposed to be the fattest person a lot of people have ever seen.The actor was probably someone who auditioned for Sam but John Bradley was chosen over him.  Their casting person probably liked the boy playing Hot Pie and cast him in another role.
522	Unnamed	2011-06-23	The dragons hatched because they were ready to hatch...I think this is the part that has been the sticking point for me, and the reason that I have looked for an "explanation": These weren't just old dragon eggs; they were fossilized dragon eggs. They were so old that all of the organic matter had been, supposedly, replaced by rock. So, what I have looked for is what "triggered" or "provided the magical power" for the transformation into organic, viable dragon eggs. Once that's explained, I can absolutely buy that they hatched in the fire because it was hot enough.To my way of thinking, when Daeni was cooking them on her hibachi, they were just rocks. And after a certain amount of time on the coals, they were very hot rocks. Later, when she puts then into the Drogo barbecue, they are no longer rocks; they are dragon eggs that could hatch (again, this is my personal theory).So, it was this line of thinking that led me to the notion that Daeni's baby must have been the "power" for the transformation of the dragon eggs, and it was this, er, "process" that caused the baby to come out looking dragonish.-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 23 June 2011 - 11:59 AM.
523	Unnamed	2011-06-23	I, for one, always thought that Mirri summoned demons of some sort (she was "dancing, and not alone," if I remember the quote)in the tent who required a blood/life sacrifice - the horse may have drawn them, but when Dany was brought in they sought out her enticing unborn baby as well. Had she not entered the tent, Drogo would still have been the same afterward (zombified, basically) but her entrance gave the occult "powers" another target to attack as well.Mirri didn't seem to know that Jorah would ignore her edict and bring Dany into the tent, so it seems that Rhaego's demise was a sort of lagniappe for her. And as a practicioner of darker arts, it stands to reason that she'd claim credit for Rhaego's death on principle. It serves to boost her power over superstitious peoples if she can claim responsibility for two deaths, rather than just one. As for Dany's "sacrifice" of Mirri - Dany was thoroughly untrained in whatever art Mirri practiced, so the idea that she would be able to channel the same supernatural forces is sketchy, at best. No chanting, no dancing, just fire. Fire in and of itself doesn't seem to be enough - even Melisandre, who is arguably more powerful than Mirri, needs spells and chants and worship to make her fires work. Dany had nothing but a heap of burning corpses.I find that I am in in perfect agreement with the paragraphs I quoted. I never thought that MDD was targeting the baby, but she didn't mind that he died. And, as I recall her dialog from the book, nothing in it says that she intentionally caused the baby's death. For me the conversation was more along the lines of this (loosely):DT: Osama bin Laden is dead.MDD: Well, then, I guess he won't be sending any more fanatics to fly planes into buildings. Good riddance.DT: What? You're happy about this? This is not what you led me to expect...MDD: Oh, come on. You knew when the U.S. military set out to hunt him down that they would kill him. It's just silly to act surprised now.At least, that's the way I read it, so it surprised me when everyone read this as MDD admitting that she meant to kill the baby all along. It's one thing to say that you're glad someone is dead; it's quite another to say that you intentionally caused them to be dead.I also never felt there was any reason to believe that Daeni was now a blood-magician. She may have thought that burning MDD would bring the dragons to life, but I never did. As I've said, I thought that the eggs were made viable by the sacrifice of her baby...all that was needed now was a nice hot fire to encourage them to hatch.Of course, none of the theories that any of us have proposed really explains Daeni's freakish immunity to fire, and GRRM has said it was a one-time deal...maybe MDD's life "paid for" Daeni's ability to survive the flames?-VM
524	Stark Truth	2011-06-23	Apropos of nothing, I just overheard an extremely entertaining conversation about this episode between our lead financial analyst and a manager of another department (I work for a very large public company in NY).  These people are normally non-literate, non-nerdy, jock types who wouldn't know a sigil from a stop sign.  It made me LOL but also made me really happy that the series is brining in a wide audience and introducing new people to fantasy /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
525	Stark Truth	2011-06-23	Of course, none of the theories that any of us have proposed really explains Daeni's freakish immunity to fire, and GRRM has said it was a one-time deal...maybe MDD's life "paid for" Daeni's ability to survive the flames?-VMDany's hand didn't burn when she stuck it in the brazier in Episode 3-4 (?)
526	Unnamed	2011-06-23	...Later, Dany says "I thank you, MMD, for the lessons you have taught me... I remember what you told me.  Only death can pay for life."To say that all it took was a hotter fire to do it takes something away from Dany...To slightly rephrase an earlier point: Daeni doesn't know any more about blood magic than we readers do. She may think she's now capable of it, but I doubt it. In fact, she seems to have recognized some general philosophical principle here--as if "only death can pay for life" is true whether or not you're talking about blood magic spells. I think it says something about how she is seeing the world at that moment, but it doesn't mean that she is now able to do the things that a maegi can do...And, for what it's worth, I don't feel like this takes anything away from her. She's just lost everything that meant something to her, and she picks herself up and moves on--and in the process, something amazing happens. Whether she fully understood it or intentionally caused it is immaterial (to me) in evaluating her character. If nothing else, she was prescient (or crazy) enough to believe it could happen and was willing to walking into a flaming pyre based on that belief.Regardless of how good a blood magician she is, she demonstrated a willingness to try things that I ordinarily would not.-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 23 June 2011 - 12:01 PM.
527	Unnamed	2011-06-23	Dany's hand didn't burn when she stuck it in the brazier in Episode 3-4 (?)Yeah, it wasn't clear what he meant by "one time"...is Daeni herself the one time? Is this portion of a year the one time? I don't know, but the implication was, regardless of her general resistance to heat, she couldn't walk into a flaming pyre every day. [Ahem] That is to say, that is how I interpreted the remark...-VM
528	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-23	It's about to replay, so I'll look out for that scene. Other than that, the dragons do have tails, AFAIK. Large image of Dany + Drogon -- the tail is behind the dragon's right leg (our left), and continues down Dany's back.Actually, in that picture it appears that the dragon's tail is lifted up.  You cannot see it until the tip of it emerges between its left wing and the back of Dany's head.
529	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-23	While I don't think Dany was performing the exact same ritual as Mirri, the idea of awakening the dragons requiring heat plus sacrifice is sparked by it.  It just resonates with her on a subconscious level because she is indeed the dragon.The first paragraph of the last Dany chapter makes it abundantly clear that Mirri thinks Dany is trying to work a spell and she makes the same arguments that you made there, basically you don't know what you're doing and it will never work.  Later, Dany says "I thank you, MMD, for the lessons you have taught me... I remember what you told me.  Only death can pay for life."To say that all it took was a hotter fire to do it takes something away from Dany.  Throughout the series we see Dany being forged from the weak girl she was into the strong ruler she is (supposedly) meant to be.  The first book she is hardened, later she is tempered.  She constantly turns adversity into opportunity, always learning from what happens.  I believe Mirri wants to leave Dany in the state that Mirri is in, broken and everything taken from her.  While Mirri succeeds in her plan, it doesn't break Dany and in fact she takes from her the key to finally accomplishing everything she intends to do on her own terms.On a different track, I think Dany getting the dragons at this point is a message from GRRM to the reader that, like the Lannisters, he always pays his debts.  In this case Dany doesn't have to wait long (though she and us will have to wait and wait and wait before she can actually do anything important), and it's not really a fair trade, but it is one means of accomplishing her goal traded for another.  So we can take some heart that eventually the Starks will get something in return for Ned.  We just might have to wait a while.  But I'm sure by the middle of the third book good things will be happening for them /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I don't think the hotter fire hatching the dragons takes anything away from Dany.  She can be strong without being able to do magic.  I think MMD's death was symbolic, and Dany thinks of her son, her husband, and the maegi's deaths as paying for her dragons, but I think its pretty far-fetched to assume that Dany knew how to channel magic.  She's never thought about how it worked, or contemplated doing it again.  Or even anything like it.  I don't think there was any magic involved in the dragons hatching other than the bond Dany shares with the dragons from being a Targaryen.  In other words, nothing Dany consciously did.
530	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-23	I think this is the part that has been the sticking point for me, and the reason that I have looked for an "explanation": These weren't just old dragon eggs; they were fossilized dragon eggs. They were so old that all of the organic matter had been, supposedly, replaced by rock. So, what I have looked for is what "triggered" or "provided the magical power" for the transformation into organic, viable dragon eggs. Once that's explained, I can absolutely buy that they hatched in the fire because it was hot enough.To my way of thinking, when Daeni was cooking them on her hibachi, they were just rocks. And after a certain amount of time on the coals, they were very hot rocks. Later, when she puts then into the Drogo barbecue, they are no longer rocks; they are dragon eggs that could hatch (again, this is my personal theory).So, it was this line of thinking that led me to the notion that Daeni's baby must have been the "power" for the transformation of the dragon eggs, and it was this, er, "process" that caused the baby to come out looking dragonish.-VMI don't buy this at all, and it's because of all the clues GRRM gives us throughout Dany's arc in the first book.  Dany sensed quite early something about the eggs that made them feel like much more than rocks.  That's why she put them on the brazier in the first place.  Doesn't the book on several occasions make specific note of the fact that they were warm?  Why would GRRM do this if it was just because they were rocks that had been warmed in the sun?  As I said, I don't know when it happened - my guess would be as soon as Dany made contact with them - but those were dragon eggs because of who Dany is and her innate "magic" as being a true "dragon" of the Targaryen house.  She brought them to life again, and what it took for them to be hatched was the proper conditions.  It makes no sense to me at all that the dragons needed blood magic to be hatched.  Or even that Dany knew enough about blood magic to facilitate it.  She hasn't used it or referenced it any other time, or any other type of magic, for that matter.
531	CryFenril	2011-06-23	Oh my gosh, I want so much to respond to this, but I'm too busy giggling at "hibachi" , "very hot rocks", and "Drogo barbecue". I'm gonna have to calm down a bit before I can say anything halfway intelligent, heh. 
 /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
532	Unnamed	2011-06-23	Dany sensed quite early something about the eggs that made them feel like much more than rocks.  That's why she put them on the brazier in the first place.  Doesn't the book on several occasions make specific note of the fact that they were warm....As I recall, it was made very clear that Daeni was the only one that perceived these changes. She thought they were warm when everyone else thought they were cold rocks. So, does this mean they were changing, and only she could perceive it? Or does it mean she was sensing the potential? Or that she was bonkers?I favor the second; you favor the first. Then again, it could have been a long, slow process that happened over the months that she carried them around. She kept heating them up at every opportunity...maybe over time, this changed them. Even if that was the case, I would still think there would be a need for something to give them a "spark of life". Changing them from rocks to eggs, live or not, is impressive enough...-VM
533	Aoife	2011-06-23	Actually, in that picture it appears that the dragon's tail is lifted up.  You cannot see it until the tip of it emerges between its left wing and the back of Dany's head.Are you talking about the dragon's "thumb"? (Which is present on the other wing structure, too.) The tail's tip may be sticking out somewhere, but the base end is very definitely going down behind the leg, as I mentioned already. As Anti-Targ pointed out, look at the difference in thickness between it and the actual leg structure.
534	Unnamed	2011-06-23	Oh my gosh, I want so much to respond to this, but I'm too busy giggling at "hibachi" , "very hot rocks", and "Drogo barbecue". I'm gonna have to calm down a bit before I can say anything halfway intelligent, heh.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I cannot fully express how gratifying it is to see that there are folks here that can maintain a sense of humor in the midst of "debate"...even better, you laughed at the parts that I intended to be funny...There are several here that it seems every time they see a post of mine, their hair stands completely on end (or so I imagine). How could someone who doesn't know me from Adam be so distressed by the possiblity that I disagree with them? Then again, I disagree with many people on a regular basis; perhaps I have just become immune to the natural discomfort it causes.-VM
535	Unnamed	2011-06-23	Are you talking about the dragon's "thumb"? (Which is present on the other wing structure, too.) The tail's tip may be sticking out somewhere, but the base end is very definitely going down behind the leg, as I mentioned already. As Anti-Targ pointed out, look at the difference in thickness between it and the actual leg structure.I am imagining the poor guys working on the CGI for this scene, and I'm wondering if they could possibly imagine someone outside the team examining it at this level of detail. "Oh, crap, I'm going to have to redo the whole thing, or someone's going to think the dragon's thumb is it's tail. I'll call you back later."-VM
536	Unnamed	2011-06-23	Actually, in that picture it appears that the dragon's tail is lifted up.  You cannot see it until the tip of it emerges between its left wing and the back of Dany's head.I haven't exactly studied the scene, but I thought I saw a big 'ole tail on Viseryon, when he was shimmying up Daeni's leg..."No, seriously, there was a third dragon in that scene, down by Daeni's left foot.""What? You're kidding...down by her foot? That's nowhere near her tits."-VM
537	CryFenril	2011-06-23	In retail management, you can tell your district manager is happy with your performance when he comes in and nitpicks things like "Someone needs to dust these fixtures," and "Can someone please repaint the trim on the outside of the building?" and "Have someone go through and reprint price tags in this section, they're getting old and raggedy-looking." 
We're down to picking on whether or not the dragons' tails were long enough, and whether Syrio should've had hair, and whether Sandor or Petyr should've told the story of Gregor and the toy knight. 
That means the meat of the series was delicious, and we're nibbling at the bones to make the feast last just that much longer. 
 /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
538	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-23	Are you talking about the dragon's "thumb"? (Which is present on the other wing structure, too.) The tail's tip may be sticking out somewhere, but the base end is very definitely going down behind the leg, as I mentioned already. As Anti-Targ pointed out, look at the difference in thickness between it and the actual leg structure.Yeah, on second look, you're right.  My apologies on that.
539	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-23	As I recall, it was made very clear that Daeni was the only one that perceived these changes. She thought they were warm when everyone else thought they were cold rocks. So, does this mean they were changing, and only she could perceive it? Or does it mean she was sensing the potential? Or that she was bonkers?I favor the second; you favor the first. Then again, it could have been a long, slow process that happened over the months that she carried them around. She kept heating them up at every opportunity...maybe over time, this changed them. Even if that was the case, I would still think there would be a need for something to give them a "spark of life". Changing them from rocks to eggs, live or not, is impressive enough...-VMI don't remember others touching the eggs once they'd been given to her, but I'm not sure.  Either way, I don't think that's a big deal.  We know Dany isn't crazy.  She's not imagining things.  More likely it's her touch that causes the eggs to heat up, as she's essentially become their mother and has whatever power is imbued in her as "the last dragon."  There's still no indication that she could do any kind of blood magic.  MMD's death (or Drogo's or Rhaegar's) were not required for her dragons to hatch, other than the symbolical meaning that GRRM wanted to portray in Dany's thoughts.
540	Aoife	2011-06-23	I haven't exactly studied the scene, but I thought I saw a big 'ole tail on Viseryon, when he was shimmying up Daeni's leg..."No, seriously, there was a third dragon in that scene, down by Daeni's left foot.""What? You're kidding...down by her foot? That's nowhere near her tits."-VMI think my favourite extra dragon was this one, found on Twitter, put out by quarterlight: Welsh Dragon tries to get in on the Game of Thrones season finale (spoiler): http://t.co/EWRpJa6
541	Unnamed	2011-06-23	...We know Dany isn't crazy.  She's not imagining things...Funny how the way we express ourselves can reveal our attitudes. I would have said something like "I never thought she was crazy, and I don't think it was all in her imagination..." because, well, I tend to draw a distinct line between 'things that I know' and 'things that I have opined or inferred'.The air of confidence definitely lends your "voice" a certain authoritativeness, but my reflex is to recoil from it, the same as I would from someone waving a Bible in the air. I like to have discussions where both sides might have something to contribute. However, if you're the keeper of The One Truth (which puts me in the role of poor, foolish, misguided soul), then this doesn't feel like a discussion: It feels like you're correcting my ignorance.I just don't really like being corrected. Even when I'm wrong. And I'm always ignorant, to some degree or other.Pretty much everyone I know feels the same way.-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 23 June 2011 - 03:48 PM.
542	Unnamed	2011-06-23	However, if you're the keeper of The One Truth...One Truth to bring them allOne Truth to find themOne Truth to rule them allAnd, in the darkness, bind them--> I think I like that better than the orignal.-VM
543	Stark Truth	2011-06-23	One Truth to bring them allOne Truth to find themOne Truth to rule them allAnd, in the darkness, bind them--> I think I like that better than the orignal.-VMTo continue this analogy then, GRRM holds the One Truth.  We are stuck with the 9 truths of mortal men (and women), and our truths are owned by the Truth of GRRM.  Wonder what the truths of the elves are?
544	Captain Tripps	2011-06-23	I don't remember others touching the eggs once they'd been given to her, but I'm not sure.  Either way, I don't think that's a big deal.  We know Dany isn't crazy.  She's not imagining things.  More likely it's her touch that causes the eggs to heat up, as she's essentially become their mother and has whatever power is imbued in her as "the last dragon."  There's still no indication that she could do any kind of blood magic.  MMD's death (or Drogo's or Rhaegar's) were not required for her dragons to hatch, other than the symbolical meaning that GRRM wanted to portray in Dany's thoughts.She offers them to several people, her hand maidens, Jorah, etc, and asks if they feel anything.  No one does.It's my theory that MMD changed the eggs from rocks to living, when she performed the ceremony on Drogo.  The eggs were in the tent, massive amounts of casualties were happening outside it to feed the magic as chaos erupted in the camp, and then Jorah carries Dany inside, which adds Rhaego to the mix (they TOOK him, and changed him).  I think the witch began the process, and it ended with HER death, which seems like the way Blood Magic should work.  Dany merely finished what Mira started.  However she made that connection in the books she clearly intends/hopes for MDDs death to hatch her eggs, and not simply the heat from the flames.I mean clearly SOME magic is going on here, being a Targ alone isn't enough to give life to dragons, or they'd have never died out to begin with.
					
					
							Edited by Captain Tripps, 23 June 2011 - 04:35 PM.
545	Unnamed	2011-06-23	It's my theory that MMD changed the eggs from rocks to living, when she performed the ceremony on Drogo.  The eggs were in the tent, massive amounts of casualties were happening outside it to feed the magic as chaos erupted in the camp, and then Jorah carries Dany inside, which adds Rhaego to the mix (they TOOK him, and changed him).  I think the witch began the process, and it ended with HER death, which seems like the way Blood Magic should work.  Dany merely finished what Mira started.  However she made that connection in the books she clearly intends/hopes for MDDs death to hatch her eggs, and not simply the heat from the flames.For what it's worth, I generally like it. But I lean toward the notion that MDD's spell would be complete whenever she finished dancing. (Otherwise, things could be randomly dying and reanimating all around.) At that point, as you described, the eggs are no longer rocks but are viable. Not to say that there was NO magic going on at the Drogo barbecue, but I'm not convinced it's necessary. Once the dragon eggs are live, then theoretically heat would be all you need to hatch them. (I'm still scratching my head over what a dragon would want with human breast milk, but that's a different subject.)In which case, MDD's death is just icing--nice for Daeni, but not really necessary. Of course, that doesn't mean that Daeni didn't THINK that MDD's death was necessary...Anyway, I still find that our "theories" have more in common than they have in opposition...-VM
546	Unnamed	2011-06-23	I think the witch began the process, and it ended with HER death, which seems like the way Blood Magic should work.It just occurred to me...wouldn't that be a strange way for blood magic to work? I mean, who would ever even consider engaging in such magic?TEACHER: Okay, here's the deal. You can do ONE blood magic spell in your life. Once you start the spell going, it is not complete until your death...STUDENT: You know what, I don't think I really even need to learn this one. Can we just go back to the toe-jam magic stuff? I think I like it better.-VM
547	Unnamed	2011-06-23	To continue this analogy then, GRRM holds the One Truth.  We are stuck with the 9 truths of mortal men (and women), and our truths are owned by the Truth of GRRM.  Wonder what the truths of the elves are?And I wonder if that giant eye hovering over GRRM's house makes the other New Mexicans nervous...-VM
548	Unnamed	2011-06-23	And I wonder if that giant eye hovering over GRRM's house makes the other New Mexicans nervous...-VMNo, honey, I don't think it's an interesting decoration. Every time I leave the house, I'm positive that thing is watching me.-VM
549	Greywolf2375	2011-06-23	Yeah, it wasn't clear what he meant by "one time"...is Daeni herself the one time? Is this portion of a year the one time? I don't know, but the implication was, regardless of her general resistance to heat, she couldn't walk into a flaming pyre every day. [Ahem] That is to say, that is how I interpreted the remark...-VMFor the books, one time is just one moment in time - if Dany sticks her hand in a fire now, she gets burned.For TV series Dany...who knows.
550	Sega AM2	2011-06-23	I mean clearly SOME magic is going on here, being a Targ alone isn't enough to give life to dragons, or they'd have never died out to begin with.It is implied that the Maesters of the Citadel were responsible for the extinction of Dragons from Westeros. Not the failure of the Targaryens to hatch or raise the young animals. Had the Citadel not interfered with the Dragons they likely would have lived on until the start of the series and beyond. Tyrion knew a lot about Dragons and even Viserys passed along lots of good knowledge about the beasts to his sister before he died. We see that a blood sacrifice of some king, likely that of a King, is required to awaken Dragons. Fire and Dragon blood (Targaryen blood) is possibly also necessary. We also know that Melisandre strongly suspects that King's blood can "awaken stone dragons" and that Stannis has a small amount of Targaryen blood in him. We also know that Euron had hired a Warlock to hatch his egg, but when the Warlock failed Euron drowned him, and tossed his egg into the ocean.
551	Leuf	2011-06-23	I'm going to quote myself here because I guess people didn't understand what I was trying to say.While I don't think Dany was performing the exact same ritual as Mirri, the idea of awakening the dragons requiring heat plus sacrifice is sparked by it.  It just resonates with her on a subconscious level because she is indeed the dragon.People are arguing that Dany can't know how to do the blood magic, and I agree with them.  She wasn't doing blood magic.  The dragon eggs were never petrified into stone, that's just how dragon eggs appear to people who aren't of the dragon.  They were always ready to be hatched, if you knew how to do it.  Dany knew instictively that hatching them required fire, but that wasn't enough.  Dany did dragon magic, not blood magic - she just took inspiration and knowledge from Mirri, the idea that a sacrifice can be an important component of powerful spells involving life.
552	Shinjuku Thief	2011-06-24	Good god, this thread has really started plumbing the depths of nonsense!2 legs or 4 legs, a dragon's a dragon.  Sheesh.  Shae: look, there comes a time when we all have to accept that the showrunners aren't necessarily going to hew exactly to the text, and in fact they may take really wide turns around some of the plot points.  For example, why Tyrion falls for Shae and how she betrays him.It's nothing like the change that begat Arwen Warrior Princess.There's not perfect fidelity with the book, however the interpretation is much much more faithful than LotR, thank goodness.
553	I love Cersei	2011-06-24	Dany's baby was the price for Drogo's life.  My personal take on the disfigurement of the baby is that it's because she entered the tent, but that's just speculation.  It's also my guess that MMD told Dany not to come into the tent because she didn't want to be interfered with, NOT because Dany coming into the tent would cause her baby to die.  Her baby was going to die anyway.  The horse was either a diversion, or the blood was needed for the spell.That sums up my own understanding, which btw hasn't changed since I first read the book. Furthermore, I've always blamed MMD for Drogo's wound festering in the first place. The horse's blood was needed to touch them all for the spell to work imo, thus no more than another sort of holding hands during the spell. I guess that's why it's called blood magic.The dragons hatched because they were ready to hatch and were placed in a hot enough fire.  My guess is that Dany's touch of the eggs awakened the dragons within them (whether that occurred much earlier or the night they hatched, I don't know, but it doesn't really matter).  But the actual catalyst for hatching dragons was a super hot fire, and didn't have anything to do with Drogo or MMD or Rhaego dying.My take is that Dany sort of incubated the eggs for a longer period, and that what made them hatch was a bunch of certain things summing up and coming together - surely not only the heat of the fire was needed, but Dany's extremely intense feelings were needed too and very much.Seeing it that way you could argue the eggs wouldn't have hatched if it were not for MMD and for Drogo's  and her baby's death and for the death of her brother and many other circumstances, even if those things were not directly related or needed to hatch the eggs in a cooking recipe way of understanding. Every single event of those on its own wouldn't have been strong enough to make the eggs more than wobble a little. You can't just say add these and those ingredients and the dragons will hatch, it was all a great big coincidence that it finally worked out.
554	Abaddon	2011-06-24	It's nothing like the change that begat Arwen Warrior Princess.There's not perfect fidelity with the book, however the interpretation is much much more faithful than LotR, thank goodness.Plus one billion.  Every time I hear someone drone on about how faithful the LOTR adaptation was (cutting T.Bombadil was a good choice, not talking about that) I have to grit my teeth.  To give credit where it is due, the LOTR movies did look absolutely gorgeous, though...Game of Thrones in comparison was extremely faithful as an adaptation.  I think the later season(s) will be less so, most likely, but I absolutely have faith at this point that the producers are invested in producing the best most faithful adaptation they can given the limitations they are working with.
555	Unnamed	2011-06-24	Game of Thrones in comparison was extremely faithful as an adaptation.  I think the later season(s) will be less so, most likely, but I absolutely have faith at this point that the producers are invested in producing the best most faithful adaptation they can given the limitations they are working with.I agree. In particular, I see every evidence that they are trying very hard to stick to the "spirit" of the story, if not every last detail. Even though I qualify as one of the TV-Shae haters, I don't think it was done maliciously, and I hope it wasn't an effort to "improve" on the original. I expect they would be pretty shocked at the amount of strong reaction to this "minor change" of a "minor character". Although, not too shocked: They also know that there will always be a certain amount of complaining from the faithful.And, of course, they know better than we do that perfection is an ideal, not an achievable goal.-VM
556	Unnamed	2011-06-24	They were always ready to be hatched, if you knew how to do it...This caught my eye, because on my reading it seemed clear that the eggs had basically turned to stone by the time Daeni received them. And on the TV show, did you look at the eggs when she had them on the hibachi? I noticed that the sides had been made to resemble weathered stone (some color/texture was rubbed off, revealing what looked like granite). Was there something in the story that led you to believe they were always viable?Just as an aside: What kind of critter lays eggs that can sit dormant for hundreds of years, waiting for the right conditions to hatch? And wouldn't people have known that dragon eggs were freakishly resilient?-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 24 June 2011 - 05:16 PM.
557	Unnamed	2011-06-24	Seeing it that way you could argue the eggs wouldn't have hatched if it were not for MMD and for Drogo's  and her baby's death and for the death of her brother and many other circumstances, even if those things were not directly related or needed to hatch the eggs in a cooking recipe way of understanding. Every single event of those on its own wouldn't have been strong enough to make the eggs more than wobble a little. You can't just say add these and those ingredients and the dragons will hatch, it was all a great big coincidence that it finally worked out.This is certainly a very nuanced way of looking at it. Of course, you could be right, but my gut reaction is that, if every one of this long chain of events contributed (which I translate as "was needed"), the fact that it all got done makes "great big coincidence" seem an understatement. Even "miraculous" seems a little understated. The fact that your specifying that it's not in a "recipe" sense mitgates this somewhat, but still...If nothing else, we've established that there are quite a few ways to interpret the chain of events in the books. As I've been mulling over the various arguments, a few random thoughts occurred to me (this is not directed at you in particular, just the board in general):If dragons are required for magic to work, how could blood magic work, while the dragons are still egg-bound. For that matter, how could "dragon magic" (or whatever made them hatchable) work? And how come the Others are still able to do their zombie-creation trick, with no dragons? I think there must be some sort of unwritten rule here that dragons are needed for certain kinds of magic, but not all. I do wish GRRM would exposit more on the rules--how am I supposed to figure out if my light saber will work in Westeros?MDD says that "only death pays for life" as if it were a general principle. Seems an odd inversion--I would understand it better if she said "life pays for life", but even so...it seems that people in this world conceive children in the normal way. Whose deaths are paying for regular conceptions, all the spermy men with the pumped up kicks? Does this mean that there is always the same number of total living creatures in the world? When a woman gets pregnant, does a lizard drop dead somewhere?I'm still trying to internalize the whole idea of dragons being responsible for magic. It just blows me away that magic starts working in Westeros with no more foundation than a small handful of 5-ounce dragons half way round the world. It's a cool idea, I just can't help but wonder how that "works".Daeni thought she didn't need MDD's screams, just her life, but what if she had it backwards? Maybe the high-pitched shrieks are what cracked the dragon eggs.Given that the dragon eggs hatch under such high heat, you reckon the baby dragons come shooting out like popcorn? That would be cool, as long as they don't come leaping out like those hand-critters from the Alien movies.I'm still wondering how much a dragon would benefit from human breastmilk. Most egg-born creatures don't do the nursing thing...then again, maybe Targ breastmilk has lighter fluid in it, or something.Whenever someone complains about the way magic breaks rules in books, someone else says something like, "It's magic, it doesn't have to follow normal physics notions." And yet, whenever someone wants to do some BIG magic, suddenly, the spell is harder or requires more stuff--this can only be done with blood (or a basilisk tooth, or whatever). Well, if magic is completely unlike physics, wouldn't it be just as likely that the big impressive spells might be the easiest? I'm still waiting for a book with a scene something like, "I'm afraid he's passed beyond the reach of a healer's arts. Only snot magic can save him now. Bring me a large boar and a spoon."Whew, hope you enjoyed that--I feel much better, anyway. Seriously, these sorts of things just pop right into my head, completely uninvited...-VM
558	Captain Tripps	2011-06-24	It just occurred to me...wouldn't that be a strange way for blood magic to work? I mean, who would ever even consider engaging in such magic?TEACHER: Okay, here's the deal. You can do ONE blood magic spell in your life. Once you start the spell going, it is not complete until your death...STUDENT: You know what, I don't think I really even need to learn this one. Can we just go back to the toe-jam magic stuff? I think I like it better.-VMWell it's black magic, those types of spells are almost ALWAYS double edged swords.   The spell requires life, how likely is it that the casters is excluded from the price? Practitioners usually find a way to offer up someone else in their place tho. and avoid paying it themselves.
					
					
							Edited by Captain Tripps, 24 June 2011 - 06:43 PM.
559	Captain Tripps	2011-06-24	It is implied that the Maesters of the Citadel were responsible for the extinction of Dragons from Westeros. Not the failure of the Targaryens to hatch or raise the young animals. Had the Citadel not interfered with the Dragons they likely would have lived on until the start of the series and beyond. Tyrion knew a lot about Dragons and even Viserys passed along lots of good knowledge about the beasts to his sister before he died. We see that a blood sacrifice of some king, likely that of a King, is required to awaken Dragons. Fire and Dragon blood (Targaryen blood) is possibly also necessary. We also know that Melisandre strongly suspects that King's blood can "awaken stone dragons" and that Stannis has a small amount of Targaryen blood in him. We also know that Euron had hired a Warlock to hatch his egg, but when the Warlock failed Euron drowned him, and tossed his egg into the ocean.Huh, where are you getting that from?  I'm interested, because it seemed to me that the Dragons were being bred the same way the Targ royal line was, and that inbreeding did the dragons in - that's why the skulls get progressively smaller and more misshapen (and why madness became a progressively more common trait among the kings).  No fresh genetic stock for the dragons once they were in Westeros, even the Targs occasionally married outside of their brothers/sisters.These aren't the first dragon eggs a Targ has tried hatching, ever since the last one died they've been attempting to revive the line.  That's what I meant by Targ alone isn't enough.
560	Timbits	2011-06-24	Gendry is pretty sexy.
561	CryFenril	2011-06-24	Just a small side regarding dragons and magic - magic had not completely disappeared, but was much more powerful in the presence of dragons. Wisdom Hallayne (the pyromancer from whom Tyrion and Cersei commission the wildfire) notes that their spells are working much more efficiently now, and asks Tyrion in joking fashion if he's seen any dragons about. And in the marketplace, Quaithe tells Dany that the fire-dancer's ladder is only possible because of her dragons - before, the man was barely capable of controlling the flames he played with.So apparently, dragons aren't necessary, but they sure are helpful. *goes back to snickering about the boar and the large spoon*
562	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-25	I'm going to commit the cardinal sin of not reading back to ask:
Did anyone else think it was hilarious that as Cat walked through her son's bannermen as they all bowed to her so did the horse?
563	CryFenril	2011-06-25	I noticed that too, Bones, and wondered if it was deliberate, or if the horse just decided he was hungry right as she was walking by  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
564	Regina	2011-06-25	The best thing about this entire thread is the following:"It doesn't matter where he grips it. It's a simple question of weight ratios: A 5-ounce dragon could not carry a one-pound coconut. Look, a dragon has to flap its wings 43 times a second in order to maintain air-speed velocity--am I right?""If it was a 4-legged D&D dragon it could do it.""Well, yes, but not a Valyrian dragon. That's my point.""Of course, the D&D dragons are non-migratory..."-VMBravo!
565	Ashara	2011-06-27	Overoll, the TV series really warmed me to Dany's character -she is a bit more alive/real, easier to emphasise with and less pointless in the show- but I was still dissappointed she kept her locks in the fire. SIlly, I know, but I was imagining the actress bald for a few weeks it took me to watch the show.
566	Fobulous	2011-06-27	I searched everywhere in the book of Game of the Thrones and for the life of my i just couldn't find the part where Jaime confessed to Catelyn. Not until i searched in "Clash of the Kings". I guess HBO just used the 2nd book to give viewers better understanding.
Excellent Season. I hope they will do Season 2 "Clash of the Kings"
567	legba11	2011-06-27	I searched everywhere in the book of Game of the Thrones and for the life of my i just couldn't find the part where Jaime confessed to Catelyn. Not until i searched in "Clash of the Kings". I guess HBO just used the 2nd book to give viewers better understanding.Excellent Season. I hope they will do Season 2 "Clash of the Kings"They are already in pre-production for season two, though it will be called Game of Thrones (they may add CoK tagline but I doubt it).
568	Hyper	2011-06-27	Really minor complaints here:What did everyone think of the design of the dragons? (the nerdiest question I think I've ever asked) While unbelievably realistic looking, something just seemed "off" about their anatomy. Then I realized that they're missing tails! Long tails that could be wrapped around Dany's arm, like in the miniature. Maybe when they get bigger they'll grow one? Its hard for any flying object to get off the ground without a tail.Pay closer attention. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Others have already pointed it out, but this animated GIF makes the tail very clear:( http://media.tumblr....Pqsb1qj13ax.gif )In an interview D&D mentioned that bats and pterodactyls were large influences in the Dragon design. And I am *VERY HAPPY* that they went with four-limbed dragons. YAY. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> Every single large life form on earth above insects is a quadrapede (four-limbed). Hexapede (six-limbed) creatures make no sense IMO. Sure, there are plenty of bizarre mythical beasts that have six or more limbs (centaurs for example), but they are IMO always silly beyond words. GOT is trying to be realistic fantasy.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 27 June 2011 - 02:49 PM.
569	Sci-2	2011-06-27	I was surprised by the realism of the dragons - they weren't perfect, but I was dreaded their appearance given the budget that must, I believe, go into such things.I also wish Dany's hair had burned off, but no biggie."I'm good at killing fat boys. I like killing fat boys."Heh, I love Arya on this show more than I did in the books!
570	Fobulous	2011-06-27	They are already in pre-production for season two, though it will be called Game of Thrones (they may add CoK tagline but I doubt it).Wow nice to hear the reception is that strong! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
571	Unnamed	2011-06-27	Well it's black magic, those types of spells are almost ALWAYS double edged swords.   The spell requires life, how likely is it that the casters is excluded from the price? Practitioners usually find a way to offer up someone else in their place tho. and avoid paying it themselves.Fair enough, but I was responding to your statement that (I thought) said that the blood magic spell continued to be active until MDD's death, and that BBQing her with Drogo "completed" the spell.-VM
572	Unnamed	2011-06-27	Huh, where are you getting that from?  I'm interested, because it seemed to me that the Dragons were being bred the same way the Targ royal line was, and that inbreeding did the dragons in - that's why the skulls get progressively smaller and more misshapen (and why madness became a progressively more common trait among the kings).  No fresh genetic stock for the dragons once they were in Westeros, even the Targs occasionally married outside of their brothers/sisters.These aren't the first dragon eggs a Targ has tried hatching, ever since the last one died they've been attempting to revive the line.  That's what I meant by Targ alone isn't enough.As I recall, this is from a scene near AFFC, 
	Spoiler involving Sam and one of the teachers at the citadel. He was claiming that the Maesters set out to destroy the dragons and poisoned them slowly over time. It was not clear to me, though, whether this was true or if the guy was a paranoid nut job.
-VM
573	Unnamed	2011-06-27	Just a small side regarding dragons and magic - magic had not completely disappeared, but was much more powerful in the presence of dragons. Wisdom Hallayne (the pyromancer from whom Tyrion and Cersei commission the wildfire) notes that their spells are working much more efficiently now, and asks Tyrion in joking fashion if he's seen any dragons about. And in the marketplace, Quaithe tells Dany that the fire-dancer's ladder is only possible because of her dragons - before, the man was barely capable of controlling the flames he played with.So apparently, dragons aren't necessary, but they sure are helpful. *goes back to snickering about the boar and the large spoon*Point taken, that magic wasn't completely gone, but it sure seemed that it was weakened to the point of being useless. As I recall, creating Wildfire (or Greek Fire, or whatever they were calling it) didn't require magic, but magic sure made them able to make a lot of it faster.Of course, I'm still not really clear if the dragons have some impact on ALL kinds of magic, or just certain kinds. For instance, could Melissandre make her shadow babies w/out dragons? And how can the Others go around doing their reanimator routine in GOT before the dragons hatched? I'm not demanding that you answer, just throwing these out sorta rhetorically. But if you happen to know the answers...-VM
574	Shepherd6	2011-06-29	[list][*]MDD says that "only death pays for life" as if it were a general principle. Seems an odd inversion--I would understand it better if she said "life pays for life", but even so...it seems that people in this world conceive children in the normal way. Whose deaths are paying for regular conceptions, all the spermy men with the pumped up kicks? Does this mean that there is always the same number of total living creatures in the world? When a woman gets pregnant, does a lizard drop dead somewhere?-VMLmfao. Totally made my day. /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
575	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-30	Heh, on a more serious note, I took MDD's "Only death pays for life" to mean if you want to save a particular life from dying, then something else has to die in its place.
Edit: Had to correct a typo even if it is immortalized in a quote.  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 05 July 2011 - 10:38 AM.
576	Unnamed	2011-06-30	Heh, on a more serious note, I took MDD's "Only death pays for life" to mean if you want to save a particularly life from dying, then something else has to die in its place.I basically took it that way, too. However, it seemed an inversion to me because I would think that it is, in reality, life that is paying for life (with death being the way payment is made). Having it phrased that way causes me to wonder if there is a subtle distinction being made...Regardless of the subtleties of phrasing, the notion is presented as some sort of general principle (as opposed to a a rule specific to the workings of blood magic). And it's when I try to imagine the concept as a general principle that I start having strange ideas.And, of course, there is the fact that Drogo was not actually dead yet. Theoretically, he still had his own life to make use of (if not his health). If he had died, and they were about to reanimate him, I would have understood the transaction better.Of course, all this is trying to read far more into the scene than the info really justifies. But it's hard to resist the temptation, since GRRM didn't really offer much explanation as to why these singular events played out the way they did. In fairness, there's little reason to expect that the characters really understood, either, and this is a 3rd Person Limited structure...-VM
577	RSasoiaf	2011-09-04	Hmmmm
just on a funny note, if you really want to nitpick, there is something on the ending scene which really doesn work if you look at it.
When they made the full stop and then its early morning, we are suposed to believe that no one managed to notice both Danny or her dragons during at least a couple hours from night to early morning. I wonder....what were they all doing??? Did they all went to sleep and just left the thing burning? What if it would catch fire to some tents or something nearby? you know....having a big fire burning while everyone goes to sleep may be dangerous.
And what was Danny and specially her dragons doing during the night? was there no suspicious sounds? I bet everyone thought "naaaa....just our minds playing tricks on us" or Danny was telling her dragons to keep quite. Or maybe dragons only scream when in daylight....maybe....but it still is a bit strange.
Also, it was some stretch having Danny clearly imply to Jorah that she was going to enter the fire. Not sure he had that kind of faith and belief on her powers. And im quite he would have remembered other Targs who have killed themselves the same way on a not so distant past. If Jorah would have realized she was going in, he would have stopped her by all means possible.
578	mortal assassin	2011-06-21	on this video: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=CLR2uiY44EQ
it is really good! is it just an ending theme or is it a season theme?
579	Aoife	2011-06-21	It's the finale track (called "Finale", imaginatively enough) from about 45 or 50 seconds in. Given the "scream" at the very start of that video, that sounds more like what was actually broadcast (i.e. with the additional effects from that last scene) than what's just on the OST.
580	Nebiros	2011-06-21	Hearing that during the last episode was enough to make me buying the soundtrack a fixture. I already liked the main theme, but this variation is even better. So, the "real thing" is even longer? Splendid! I hope the soundtrack has some more hidden gems, songs that weren't highlighted as much in the series itself, but that fit with the rest of the things we did hear already.
581	Buster	2011-06-21	This may be the first time that I actually buy the soundtrack to something.
					
					
							Edited by Buster, 21 June 2011 - 01:08 PM.
582	oneeye	2011-06-21	Soundtrack is out on June 28!
583	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-21	on this video: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=CLR2uiY44EQit is really good! is it just an ending theme or is it a season theme?The final musical bombast was incredibly moving and a perfect way to close the episode and season.  I've been putting off buying the soundtrack from iTunes but I think I'll grab it tonight.  Gonna need something to tide me over waiting for next spring.
584	Songstress	2011-06-21	Soundtrack is out on June 28!It's already on iTunes (and I have been listening to it often since I picked it up last week).
585	Nebiros	2011-06-21	It's already on iTunes (and I have been listening to it often since I picked it up last week).Care to do a quick review for us? What's included, and how's your impression?
586	modehead	2011-06-21	I've picked it up off of iTunes and love it. When I watched the show, I didn't really notice the music. But when I listen to the soundtrack, I can quickly and vividly remember which scene was on the screen during the song.
Except the song playing when Ned was killed. Anyone know which song that was?
AND: the finale is awesome. The song is one track, which started as the dragons were being unveiled, and played through to the end.
					
					
							Edited by modehead, 21 June 2011 - 03:26 PM.
587	madking	2011-06-21	I hope they play "the bear and the maiden fair" next season. Dying to know what it sounds like
588	NW Deserter	2011-06-21	Non-Apple-user question...does iTunes allowed you to buy an album off their site and then have access to just the mp3 files? I'm still a Windows Media Player user myself.
589	Sega AM2	2011-06-21	The only things missing from the soundtrack are the songs within the show. No song about Robert getting killed by a pig "than the lion in my bed". Maybe they'll release the song about the rain and other famous chart toppers from Westeros on a later soundtrack.
590	robbo	2011-06-22	Non-Apple-user question...does iTunes allowed you to buy an album off their site and then have access to just the mp3 files? I'm still a Windows Media Player user myself.Do you have iTunes installed on your "Non-Apple" device?  There is a "Create MP3 Version" option under the "advanced" menu. You would purchase/download using iTunes and then use this option to create the mp3 to play in WMP.
591	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-22	Non-Apple-user question...does iTunes allowed you to buy an album off their site and then have access to just the mp3 files? I'm still a Windows Media Player user myself.You would have to buy through the iTunes application, not the site, you would have to install that if you don't have it already.To my knowledge the files are DRM protected at the record label's discretion. They can opt out of it.DRM free tracks used to have an icon (little square with a plus in it) next to the price.But the GoT OST album has no such icons next to the track prices.Though... I'm looking for one I can't find a single track with the DRM free icon anywhere.I know that all the music from EMI is DRM free, and even they don't show the icon anymore.Maybe they stopped doing that for some reason.Time for a practical test.So I dug into my iTunes library folder, and copied a few of the GoT OST tracks (they are .M4As not .MP3s) over to another computer.This other computer isn't authorized on my iTunes account, which would be required to play DRM protected music.They played fine in VLC which was the only non Apple player (iTunes, QuickTime) on that system.So looks like the tracks are DRM free, or VLC doesn't care and plays it anyhow.
					
					
							Edited by Bowl o' Brown, 22 June 2011 - 02:30 AM.
592	Aoife	2011-06-22	iTunes went DRM-free in ... 2009? Something like that. You are now legitimately allowed to convert/copy/burn all of your tracks for personal use.
593	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-22	iTunes went DRM-free in ... 2009? Something like that. You are now legitimately allowed to convert/copy/burn all of your tracks for personal use.Oh well that greatly simplifies things.
594	fancySansa	2011-07-10	I hope they play "the bear and the maiden fair" next season. Dying to know what it sounds likeYES i completely agree.
595	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-06-12	So I've been toying with the idea of assembling my friends for something madcap delicious: Throne-ageddon. That's right, folks, we're going to watch all 9 previous episodes and time it so that we catch the airing of the tenth right on the heels of the ninth.
Who's with me?!
596	NW Deserter	2011-06-14	I really want to do this actually. Maybe I'll get my roommate to do it, he hasn't seen any of the episodes.
597	Gytha Ogg	2011-06-14	I'd totally do it if I wasn't in the UK, our GOT day is Monday and as much as I'd love to I can't take the day off work. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
The 20th is also my anniversary, can't think of a better way to spend it than watching the GOT finale with a big bowl of popcorn tbh.
598	Dennai	2011-06-14	I think I'll do it, but I would be all alone because here (UK) GOT is shown on Mondays and all my friends would be working.
  I'd be working too, but I work night shifts, so the only question is if I can manage to keep myself awake after a 12hours shifts with no sleep to watch 10 hours of TV in a row.
  The alternative is doing it the day after, once rested and fresh. but could I gather enough will to skip watching the final episode for one day? Hard to tell, but I really fancy the idea of a Throne-ageddon.
599	BigFatCoward	2011-06-14	i'm planning a full series session in a couple of weeks when my mam visits (she doesn't have sky so i've kept every episode).  its no big deal. i did every series of the wire, sopranos, deadwood and rome in one day on dvd.  you just have to plan properly, go shopping the day before and take the phone off the hook.
600	NW Deserter	2011-06-14	I've done several LOTR (extended edition) marathons in a day, so this is no sweat! It's like 3 hours shorter /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
601	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-14	I've done several LOTR (extended edition) marathons in a day, so this is no sweat! It's like 3 hours shorter /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I've done that once, in a movie theatrette, it was great but grueling.I might do a Day of Thrones with my sister when the Blu-ray comes out.
602	Mazikeen	2011-06-15	Not sure if I'll do all 10 episodes in a day, but I was planning a marathon once the last episode airs. Alone or with friends, we'll see.
603	NW Deserter	2011-06-15	I've done that once, in a movie theatrette, it was great but grueling.Oh god, you did that in a theater?? No wonder it was grueling. Home is the only place for marathons that long. Food, alcohol, freedom to change clothes, blankets, couch...awwww yeeeuh. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
604	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-15	I would love to do this, but I don't think I could keep my 9yr old away long enough. I should find him a summer camp. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
605	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-15	Oh god, you did that in a theater?? No wonder it was grueling. Home is the only place for marathons that long. Food, alcohol, freedom to change clothes, blankets, couch...awwww yeeeuh. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It was a 16 seater theatrette in the apartment building of a friend, who happens to be a great cook. So we had great food, nice drink (for those who partake), blankets, and a break between each disc We started at 9AM and finished around 9PM.I'd love to do a Day of Thrones in that Theatrette, but my friend doesn't know the show at all, and it still hasn't got a broadcaster here.
606	NW Deserter	2011-06-15	It was a 16 seater theatrette in the apartment building of a friend, who happens to be a great cook. So we had great food, nice drink (for those who partake), blankets, and a break between each disc We started at 9AM and finished around 9PM.Oh, I thought you meant like, a movie theater.
607	Viserys Targaryen	2011-06-15	I might do this, although I live in Norway, so I get episode 10 at about 5 AM. Got a week off from work next week. 
Only thing I'm worried about is that I can't do this all alone, I would have to get a friend or two, but we'll see. 
First post on the forums, book reader, don't mind my name, I just fell in love with Harry Lloyd as Viserys. And I know he's a total ass.
608	Rodgex	2011-06-16	I 'm very tempted to do this idea, Sky did show 6 episodes in a row one night and I stayed up no problem to watch them, so this is just an extra few hours, I would just have to figure out how best to fit it all together...
609	Grogsmash	2011-06-17	I have been watching GoT on HBO Go since episode 1. One thing I am wondering, is do the episodes live include a segment of "What happened earlier" to remind viewers what happened in previous episodes? My GF often has had trouble keeping track of all the characters. Watching them all in a row like this would fix that of course.
610	NW Deserter	2011-06-17	Grog - Yes, they do have those.
611	Kosciuszko	2011-06-17	I'm gonna have to see if my brother is up for this.
612	Kaitscralt	2011-06-17	I've watched each one so many times that it would probably put me to sleep watching nine straight. I need to wait a few months.
613	Panjer	2011-06-18	I hope I can get some friends interested, watching alone is kind of a drag.
614	melicorn	2011-06-18	I'll definitely be doing this a week or two after when the withdrawal starts to hit. Anyone know how long the episodes are going to stay up on HBOgo? Doing a viewing tomorrow would not really be viable for me as it's Father's Day and my dad deserves more appreciation than the standard Westerosi father.
615	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-18	I'll definitely be doing this a week or two after when the withdrawal starts to hit. Anyone know how long the episodes are going to stay up on HBOgo? Doing a viewing tomorrow would not really be viable for me as it's Father's Day and my dad deserves more appreciation than the standard Westerosi father.I'm pretty sure on HBOgo the episodes will be there permanently; every HBO episode from any show they've had seems to be on there. On Demand it looks like it will be there until July 19th.
616	Robb_	2011-06-19	Is tonight's episode longer than the other episodes because it is the finale?
617	Lucky Pierre	2011-06-19	I'm going to be racing home from work tonight to watch this! I can't wait!  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
618	Viserys Targaryen	2011-06-19	Is tonight's episode longer than the other episodes because it is the finale?The schedule says it's from 9 PM ET - 10 PM ET, so it might be the same lenght as the other episodes. Take into consideration that I live in Norway and just checked the HBO website, I'll have to wait till 5 AM in the morning to get the new episode.
619	Robb_	2011-06-19	Same as you, I'm in the UK and have to watch it in the middle of the night (or wait til 9pm the next day and watch on tv)
620	Starkess	2011-06-19	I was going to do this today, but the US Open has stolen my attention.
Maybe next weekend I'll fit in the whole 10 hours!
621	Triskan	2011-06-19	I was going to do this today, but the US Open has stolen my attention.Maybe next weekend I'll fit in the whole 10 hours!Yeah, today wasn't the day for me, but I could see myself doing this w/ the On Demand feature some Saturday or Sunday in the next few weeks.
622	Timbits	2011-06-21	I watched the first two episode separate, then forgot about the show. Went on to watch 4 shows in a row. Was a much better experience, like a never ending movie. Think I'll do the same with season 2.
623	Ran	2011-06-19	A place to discuss the final episode of the first season, "Fire and Blood", for those who've only watched the show. No spoilers from the novels permitted.
624	Robb_	2011-06-19	The scene with Pycelle and Ros was really weird and didn't seem to fit right with the episode, I think those extra 3-4 minutes could have been used on something else.
625	Sharpes	2011-06-20	I agree with the Ros/Pycelle scene but man what a great ending. Now to start book 2!
Pycelle aerobics class. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
626	Amir	2011-06-21	I agree with the Ros/Pycelle scene but man what a great ending. Now to start book 2!Pycelle aerobics class. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I think they were trying to hint that Pycelle was faking the hes fragile condition for everyone .faceless man? showing weakness to make everyone overlook him? i dont know , what is obvios that this scene wasnt there for nothing he wasnt standing straight before he went to the door and when he opened it he crouched back to the " old man" state , it wasnt just aerobics they clearly wanted to show deception.on my re read before ADWD i am certinely going to focus more on pycelle.note that the creators of "AGOT" know the ending so they dierct the show from the beggining to the end , so that might one of those early clues that werent on the book but are in the show.
627	Amir	2011-06-21	interesting comment about pycelle from GRRM
[Why is Pycelle so loyal to the Lannisters?]
Theres backstory yet to be revealed, certainly, but if you asked Pycelle he would insist that he was acting in the best interests of the realmhttp://www.westeros....SSM/Entry/2997/
628	The Oncoming Storm	2011-06-20	And while reading it, too, actually...Fly home, you ravens...BrA1nnhilde. Not happy with the video (the late Behrens' voice was about 2 sites too small for this) but this is the only one that begins here and not earlier, plus has decent fire.Someone should make a music video for this episode with Wagner's music.
629	Nebiros	2011-06-21	Hmm, that's quite interesting. However while we're on topic for the pyre scene music, some thoughts about that...
I think the music in this scene was an overwhelmingly good choice, even more so than the music parts at key points during the whole series (which was always well-chosen, both unobtrusive and stirring when needed).
It starts very ominous, especially during the minutes leading up to the actual burning. One gets the impression of a climax approaching (drums) and also that in a way, something sinister is happening (which I find fitting, it's a kind of blood magic Dany is performing after all - life pays for life).
Then there's a pause during the blend over to the dawn scene. The music only gradually starts again from silence when we see Dany and the dragons. And when she rises and Drogon does his show off thing, the music grows almost angelic and very hopeful in mood. As a viewer, it gave me the impression that this is a definite beginning of a new chapter, something that changes the way of the world, and that the story has only just begun. I couldn't think of a better way to end this series, both regarding to capturing the spirit of the book and GRRM's intentions, and as a way to achieve closure of the season and leave viewers with a promise that there is so much more to come in the next season. Simply brilliant.
630	Valkyrja	2011-06-21	I, too, thought of Brynhild's immolation during the pyre scene. Though admittedly I was thinking of it because I study Old Norse literature (see my avatar), so that's what came to my mind, rather than Wagner. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Valkyrja, 21 June 2011 - 08:50 AM.
631	NW Deserter	2011-06-21	Definitely agree about the quality of the music. It's perfect for a series like this - hangs in the background, just barely there when you don't need it (most of the scenes, really), and then takes center stage in such a grand way when it needs to (opening sequence, dragons, king in the north). I'll definitely be buying the album on Amazon when it's available next week. I've already listened to the Fire and Blood track several times on youtube, it's just nails, one of the best tracks on any OST, in my opinion.
I can really see this being good work/homework music.
632	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-19	Anybody else making any ASoIaF themed food for the finale tonight?Over here, the lemon cakes (recipe) are in the oven!! Can. not. wait. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
633	Viserys Targaryen	2011-06-19	Let me know if they're good! Looks delicious, although I'll have to wait till tomorrow. 
I may be dishing up something fancy, maybe I'll just make something while at work since I work as a sous chef at a restaurant.
634	Robb_	2011-06-19	Just going to go and hunt a boar now and eat that
635	melicorn	2011-06-19	Anybody else making any ASoIaF themed food for the finale tonight?Over here, the lemon cakes (recipe) are in the oven!! Can. not. wait. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />I wasn't planning on anything but those look so good that I am going to have to make them now! Hopefully I still have some lemons around.
636	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-19	Let me know if they're good!I had to borrow ramekins from my sister. They were 7(8?)oz instead of the recommended 4oz. So I ended up with little lemon pancakes. Which are light, fluffy, and deliciously lemony. Though they are more moist than expected (almost wet). Not an accomplished cook by any means, I was afraid to ruin them when browning the tops. Maybe If I had left them in a bit longer it would have dried a bit more.I'll make this recipe again.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by Bowl o' Brown, 19 June 2011 - 05:59 PM.
637	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-19	The one dish that will never appear in ASOIAF but which George himself loves: Pizza. Though to be sure the pizza we'll be having George would not deign to be worthy of the name.
638	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-19	Filet with red wine reduction, roasted potatoes and sauteed green beans. Grilled peaches with cream for dessert. I didn't have time to cook anything showish. Next season that's the plan for each episode.
639	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-19	The one dish that will never appear in ASOIAF but which George himself loves: Pizza. Though to be sure the pizza we'll be having George would not deign to be worthy of the name.I love Chicago deep dish pizza.. to be fair, though, I love all pizza.
640	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-19	Yay the show is over... >_<
We just finished off the lemon cakes and they were awesome.
They definitely improved after having cooled off some.
641	melicorn	2011-06-19	The lemon cakes came out about half custard and half cake for me, but they were really tasty. I could easily see this becoming a dessert I make on a regular basis.
642	Ser Aardvark	2011-06-19	We're waiting for ...
	Spoiler Renly's Death episode

For peaches galore.
643	Brienne the Beauty	2011-06-21	We had strawberry daiquiris. Matched up nicely with the blood dripping from the blade at the start of the episode!
644	Ran	2011-06-19	A place to discuss the final episode of the first season, "Fire and Blood". Spoilers from the novels allowed.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 19 June 2011 - 06:28 PM.
645	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	Loved the opening scene - dripping blood to stupid boy; the crypts.
Weakest line in a long time "you've ruined your sword"
646	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-19	Surprised they've got to the King in the North, already... I'm enjoying this though!
647	Starkess	2011-06-19	Oh, Theon!!  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
648	Slyfinger	2011-06-19	Rickon and Shaggydog wildin' out made my night.
649	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	aw yeah....."there are no men like me...."
hopefully that's all we see of Prince Valium.
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 19 June 2011 - 08:24 PM.
650	Gildenlow	2011-06-19	That was Marillion that lost his tongue yes?
651	Starkess	2011-06-19	That was Marillion that lost his tongue yes?No, that's just some random dude who got arrested for singing a bad song about Robert in a tavern.
652	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	That was Marillion that lost his tongue yes?no - that was a bard from one of the taverns in KL; Marillion is still in the Vale.
653	Ran	2011-06-19	That was, indeed, Marillion. And so the puzzle is solved -- it's not a character who was killed (George must have misspoken, or maybe when he pointed it out they changed his fate a bit?), but certainly mutilated, and likely never to be seen again despite his role in ASoS and AFfC. Interesting!
654	Starkess	2011-06-19	Hm, MMD left out the bit about Dany never having children again.That was, indeed, Marillion. And so the puzzle is solved -- it's not a character who was killed (George must have misspoken, or maybe when he pointed it out they changed his fate a bit?), but certainly mutilated, and likely never to be seen again despite his role in ASoS and AFfC. Interesting!Ah, I didn't recognize the actor. Interesting!
655	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	the description of the child sounded better in the book than having it said, kinda interesting.
surprised they left out the part about Dany being barren, that was an important part for her thoughts later on.
656	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-19	Simplifies the stuff in the Vale I guess... Maybe Lysa's fall is going to be an accident, or caused by another servant or something. It doesn't really matter who the scapegoat is.
Larry is not happy about Drogo  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
657	Sega AM2	2011-06-19	What the hell have they done to Shae?
658	Starkess	2011-06-19	Larry is not happy about Drogo  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />I can't wait to see his review!
659	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	Does HBO know how to speed up time?  How is there less than 20 minutes left?
660	Sega AM2	2011-06-19	Another Ros sexposition scene...? They must be goofing on us now.
661	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	Is that Roz with Pycelle?
662	Slyfinger	2011-06-19	...and more Rozposition. Hell, even she looks bored with it.
663	Starkess	2011-06-19	FUCKING ROS?!!
664	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	Why is Pycelle doing squats then pretending to limp out of the room?
Oh, another Varys/Littlefinger scene. Love it!
665	Starkess	2011-06-19	Pycelle=gross. Varys=win.
(Although these LF/Varys scenes are completely unbelievable, I love them!)
666	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	and now Roz takes the place of Pycelle's serving girl?
667	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	AWWWW SHORT HAIRED ARYA!!!
668	Starkess	2011-06-19	How old is the actor who plays Gendry? Am I legally allowed to /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />?
ETA: Sweet, he's 3 months older than me! Drooling away.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by Starkess, 19 June 2011 - 08:48 PM.
669	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	I feel bad for Arya watching that scene.  Knowing what she has coming and how she never makes it home.
670	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	Im so anxious to see the dragons!
671	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	Why is Pycelle doing squats then pretending to limp out of the room?Oh, another Varys/Littlefinger scene. Love it!I'm guessing it is to show that basically no one on the council is actually what they seem.  Might be that they are all Roz in disguise.  Well, except Pycelle and LF since we did see tthem in the same place at the same time.
672	Starkess	2011-06-19	Huh, not at all how I pictured that scene playing out.
And her hair didn't burn off?? Lame.
673	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	win.
except for the waiting a friggin year for another episode.....
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 19 June 2011 - 08:58 PM.
674	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	Much better looking dragons than I expected.  And what a way to end the season!
675	Gildenlow	2011-06-19	JAQEN!!!!!!
I assume that's a placeholder actor but I got chills
676	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	JAQEN!!!!!!I assume that's a placeholder actor but I got chillsI assumed he was the one under the hood.
677	Triskan	2011-06-19	Why is Pycelle doing squats then pretending to limp out of the room?Oh, another Varys/Littlefinger scene. Love it!Yeah, I noticed that too.  It suggested that Pycelle is trying to hide that he's more limber than realized.  Why?Pycelle=gross. Varys=win.(Although these LF/Varys scenes are completely unbelievable, I love them!)Yeah, I've loved the two LF/Varys scenes even if they're not from the books.  Can't believe how quickly the season has come and gone.  So satisfied.  So happy that we at least get a S2.  Who is Stannis????
678	CelticCail	2011-06-19	What a waste of time with that Pycelle/Ros scene.  Not in the books, pointless, and I'm starting to think the actress playing Ros is the aspiring actress niece of one of the writers or something.  Lame.
Otherwise, great, but shorter than most episodes.  
FINALLY, a lot of wolves!  
Is it just me or did they switch Rickons on us?  Hmm.  
The dragons were great, though they could've done more with the ending, everyone saying they couldn't follow her because she's a woman, then bowing to her.  Also, she's supposed to have no hair at the end.  Also, they could've used more time with the Jon leaving scene, and they should've shown Renly and Loras again for a minute, him declaring, maybe a vague him marrying Margaery scene, mentioning the Tyrells again, etc.
679	blasted_saber	2011-06-19	Damn it. 
Its going to be a long wait. 
:cry:
Dragons better then I thought they would be. Hair = Didnt burn though. Pycelle's workout = creepy
680	Mack Kilimaro	2011-06-19	DRAGONS!
681	Lokhtar	2011-06-19	Dragons looked totally how I imagined them.  Good to see they saved their budget for that rather than a battle scene.
682	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-19	I thought it was great episode, and I enjoyed every minute of it.  I don't care that they didn't burn off Dany's hair or had Pycelle with Roz (or was it some other whore?), but I wish they hadn't done it that way because I can see the incoming whines right now.
I really loved the King of the North scene and found myself cheering even though I know the terrible outcome. The dragons look awesome!
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 19 June 2011 - 09:05 PM.
683	House Snow	2011-06-19	I can't even get upset about the Pycelle scene.  That was HBO's way of saying there wasn't any book material left we had to make up a scene.  I really liked it.  Kind of a nice resolution type episode to whet appetites for next season.
684	CryFenril	2011-06-19	Too full of epic and wow to comment yet. The shrieking of the hatchlings made me tear up. Gotta watch it again tomorrow before I can put it into words. 
George, I hope you're proud. They did you right. They really, honestly did you right.
685	MountainThatRides	2011-06-19	Fucking awesome. The wolves were good, the crypt scene was good. The little exchange between Catelyn and Jaime worked. The scene with Joffrey showing Sansa her father's head was excellent -- and I'm glad they kept in Joffrey's sentence for the singer. Fingers or tongue.The Wall scenes were all great, but nothing stood up to the final scene. Even the Night's Watch riding beyond the Wall, epic as it was, couldn't compare to the dragons. This episode exceeded my expectations and was as good as a season finale ought to be.The one thing running through my head, for the whole last 10 minutes, were George's words: "And for the first time in hundreds of years, the night was alive with the music of dragons."
686	Sidonie	2011-06-19	I thought the dragons were awesome! That scene actually brought tears to my eyes! They did a good job with the dragons; they really looked realistic.
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 19 June 2011 - 09:05 PM.
687	Lord Godric	2011-06-19	FINALLY, a lot of wolves!I know! I felt like this episode was edited to address qualms of the fans.  Besides the (what is seemingly weekly) Roz sexposition scene we didn't have any gratuitous sex scenes. And we had Shaggydog and Ghost.  they should've shown Renly and Loras again for a minute, him declaring, maybe a vague him marrying Margaery scene, mentioning the Tyrells again, etc.We have plenty of time in season two to see the Tyrells and Renly.
688	Tempra	2011-06-19	Hrmm.  Dragons and Dany T&A saved the weakest episode of the lot.  Not bad, but not wow.
689	Mya Stone	2011-06-19	Okay, yeah, we got dragons...but guys, way more importantly...
WE GOT NAKED LANCEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Where the hell is julandro?!
690	Cereal Forel	2011-06-19	Loved it all and the dragons looked fucking amazing! Way way way better than I could have ever hoped for. 
I even loved the Pycelle/Roz scene. He hires whores just so he has someone to talk lol. He doesn't even look at her the entire time.
691	Stannis_Style	2011-06-19	I am wondering if the Pycelle work-out scene is more important than we think. Is Pycelle not at all what he seems? Is their magic or gods involved? I mean at the end of TFFC he ostensibly holds the power over the throne and the most control of King Tommen. This could be a split from the book in some regards to keep us guessing... could Pycelle be the poisoner of Joffrey on the show?
692	Trebla	2011-06-19	bwahahaha! Pycelle with ROS! I was laughing my ass off with what I knew would be ppl freaking out.
IIRC, Pycelle is noted in the books as not as frail as he pretends to be. A lot of the KL scenes were major setup for next season when Tyrion arrives. Cersei bedding Lancel (lmao when she ORDERS him to bed), Pycelle pretending to be frail, and LF and the Spider each major players in the Game.
I practically did a SQUEE when I saw HOT PIE! Gendry was really cool and I wonder if the other kid is Lommy Greenhands or just a random bully. I also assumed Jaquen was under the hood. Rorge had anose but it looked way messed up. 
Very surprised about Marillion. He actually came out better off compared to what Mord did to him.
I think we should all be happy with the direwolf appearences. Shaggy looked badass and still more Ghost.
Emilia Clarke was sensational in his episode. My dad just called me super excited abolut the dragons.  Can't wait to see how other new fans react.
693	So1ar	2011-06-19	ok a great episode! but did anyone else piss themselves laughing when pycelle was doing his semi-nude stretches lol? what did that scene accomplish? they should have taken that out and showed why the hound is now on the kings guard ffs. but i digress. i loved this episode and thank you hbo for making this show. 
p.s. dragons & shaggydog!!!
694	Exmortus	2011-06-19	Hey whats crackin everybody.
Alright first off, did anyone else think that pycelle doing his little stretches and squats to be just a tad much? I mean c'mon.
Also I love how Sansa was about to try to push Joffrey off that ledge, I knew it wasn't gonna happen but it still did get my hopes up. That dude really knows how to get people to hate him.
I wasn't expecting to see that convo between Jaime and Cat but I don't mind. It was pretty cool so see Cat bash him over the head with a rock.
Good episode
					
					
							Edited by Exmortus, 19 June 2011 - 09:14 PM.
695	Mya Stone	2011-06-19	Loved it all and the dragons looked fucking amazing! Way way way better than I could have ever hoped for. I even loved the Pycelle/Roz scene. He hires whores just so he has someone to talk lol. He doesn't even look at her the entire time.I took the Pycelle/Roz scene as illustrating to us that while we may have just thought this was a game of Varys and Littlefinger, there's Pycelle playing the old doddering fool to one of Littlefinger's spies. Genius, really.
696	Axon	2011-06-19	Loved the episode. My single beef is the slight changes to the Dany scene at the end.
697	House Snow	2011-06-19	Yeah the Hot pie, Lommy castings, esp Hotpie look very promising.  I'm surprised how competent many of the child actors have been.
698	Starchaser	2011-06-19	Huh, not at all how I pictured that scene playing out.And her hair didn't burn off?? Lame.I just knew the first comment would be a complaint!10/10, best episode from start to finish
699	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-19	I wonder if the other kid is Lommy Greenhands or just a random bully. His arms were stained up to his elbows.
700	Daena the Defiant	2011-06-19	I loved the itty bitty dragons! 
I was seriously concerned that they'd look all CGI cheesy.
HBO, I raise my goblet of metheglin to you! You did a hell of a job on the whole damned season.
701	SnowBastard	2011-06-19	The Pycell scene sets up Tyrion to call him on his bullshit and throw him in the dungeon for his lying ways. Dragons were epic! Theon's  turn will be a hell of an impact for non readers as I feel they have attached themselves to the characters even more after Ned and Drogo's deaths.
702	snake	2011-06-19	Good show as usual.  Pity it's over so soon.
My only complaint is Shae.  I don't like what they've done with her at all. BUT it doesn't take away from all the other good things they've done.
Dragons were very cool.
703	oneeye	2011-06-19	Totally awesome episode.
704	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-19	I took the Pycelle/Roz scene as illustrating to us that while we may have just thought this was a game of Varys and Littlefinger, there's Pycelle playing the old doddering fool to one of Littlefinger's spies. Genius, really.This.Don't get why everyone has such a hard time understanding the significance of this scene. Roz being there is not random.
705	adamsputnik	2011-06-19	Distinct lack of Rorge and Biter in the Wall-bound cart /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Reckon the Dragons looked pretty bloody good.
Nice end to a great season of TV.
706	Starkess	2011-06-19	Distinct lack of Rorge and Biter in the Wall-bound cart /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Really? There were the 3 men in the cage. I didn't get a good look, but I assumed the one under the hood was Jaqen and the other two were Rorge and Biter.
707	awesome possum	2011-06-19	Wow.  That was amazing.  I don't care that she wasn't bald, because the whole scene had the same atmosphere and feeling of awesomeness of the book.Overall just an epic season finale.  I can't wait to read and watch all the newbie reviews.  I took the Pycelle/Roz scene as illustrating to us that while we may have just thought this was a game of Varys and Littlefinger, there's Pycelle playing the old doddering fool to one of Littlefinger's spies. Genius, really.Precisely.  The squats were a little corny, but it got across the point that even the frail old guy is playing the game.  It'll give his interactions with Tyrion a little extra weight next season.
708	Seerow	2011-06-19	I missed the first showing of the episode, so have to wait an hour.
Someone please tell me the dragons looked awesome enough to be worth the wait.
709	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-19	Oh and awesome episode overall. Only thing I could have wanted was a little more of Cersei's reaction to Jaime getting captured. Dragons scene was badass.
710	koifishkid	2011-06-19	Very surprised about Marillion. He actually came out better off compared to what Mord did to him.Couldn't believe it so I just checked the actor on IMDB--it WAS Marillion. What's going to happen in the Vale now?
711	Daena the Defiant	2011-06-19	Question to the group:
Did Catelyn pledge to Robb that they'd "kill them all" in the novels? I coulda sworn she was all about pushing for peace on their terms when they had the upper hand.
...and enough of Roz, please. Please.
Apropos of nothing else: 
Hey, hellooooooooooo Gendry!
712	Blue Steel	2011-06-19	Well the hair not burning off kind of makes sense since her skin didn't burn and the hair is dead skin cells.
And Emilia did a really good job with this episode.  She's awesome.
713	House Snow	2011-06-19	Anyone else surprised how much they adhered to the dragon scene.  I toltally expected them to cut out the nursing part.
714	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	And just like that, season 1 is over! Ahhhhh!Superb finale, tons of good things to say.1. I'll get this out of the way first - the dragons looked great, very well detailed/animated. I liked how they did the pyre scene, the only thing I missed was the giant "CRACK!" that the books described as the eggs opened.2. Loved loved LOVED the "extra" Arya/Arry scene - I say extra in quotes cause really, similar stuff happens at the beginning of book 2. Short-haired Maisie = win, and I was pumped to see Gendry. Also, pretty sure that was the "Black Cells Trio" in that cart, though they might just be placeholder characters for now. Oh and Yoren is well-cast.3. Sophie Turner blossomed this episode, as did Rory McCann. Good San/San stuff, and I love that Sansa was thiiis close to pushing Joff off the bridge. They also gave Ser Meryn a name finally, which was good.4. Tyrion/Tywin stuff was good, but Shae still gets on my nerves. She is far too assertive IMO, at this point I realize that they're just changing her character, but I don't really get why. Ah well, not terribly important.5. King in the North was surprisingly early, but I liked that scene. Gave one last mention of Stannis, so hopefully the "Unsullied" will be postulating as to his role next season. Theon's display of loyalty to Robb made me want to scream!6. All of Jon's stuff was great, loved Sam trying to stop him and just barely jumping out of the way, Grenn/Pyp/Sam all reciting the oath, and Mormont's little speech. The montage of them gearing up and heading out was a great way to end that arc for season 1.7. Cat's conversation with Jaime was cool and all, but they used up some of the good lines from the meeting at the end of next season...makes me wonder if they're re-ordering some of the events. Glad we got the "There are no men like me. Only me." line, one of my favorites in the series.8. My only complaint was Pycelle, and it wasn't even the entire scene. We know from book 2 that he sleeps with young whores, and I know we all complain about Roz but it's not that ridiculous that she'd be there. Might as well use a whore we know. My problem was the absurd "stretching routine", it's like they were reeeeally trying to stretch time, and was just laughable.Gotta say, I'm super glad that ADwD is coming out soon, because it's gonna be a long wait for season 2. There were some low spots in this series, but as a whole, HBO really outdid themselves in casting, production quality, and script.
715	Trebla	2011-06-19	His arms were stained up to his elbows. ah, were they? I didn't get to watch it on my normal HD. cool.I'm really happy that they had several 2nd season parts in the finale. Cat and Jaime. Arya and the boys from the Wall. And especially the muster of the Night's Watch. That was a great scene!
716	Starkess	2011-06-19	I missed the first showing of the episode, so have to wait an hour.Someone please tell me the dragons looked awesome enough to be worth the wait.Oh yes, the dragons looked FANTASTIC. I was very impressed!
717	Mya Stone	2011-06-19	I missed the first showing of the episode, so have to wait an hour.Someone please tell me the dragons looked awesome enough to be worth the wait.Yes, they really do.
718	laughing tree knight	2011-06-19	was the Septa the early death???
719	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	Those dragons were totally awesome looking. Way better than I ever expected from HBO, especially for a first season. Wow, what an epic ending! Loved this episode!
Gendry is even more awesome on screen than in the books. He better end up as king someday!
Jorah, you monstrous bad-ass you!
-
Time for Kaitscralt's weekly nitpicks!
1) Pycelle doing yoga with only fifteen minutes left in the episode. Also, his speech was pretty unimportant. It essentially said nothing, which Roz acknowledged. I don't care that Roz was his whore, but damn did that goofy scene waste some time. I honestly thought it was a joke commercial or something when he started doing his exercise.
2) Renly and Stannis declaring themselves King was mentioned only in a mumbled sentence in Tywin's tent. This stuff is pretty important, and the way they acknowledged that Renly had declared himself was pretty weak. Also, they never even said Stannis declared himself, just that he was gathering his army or something. This is the War of the Five Kings, remember?
3) Catelyn's line of the day, "You ruined your sword." Out of place much? I guess she was trying to be lighthearted, but it didn't really work for me.
4) The writers need to cater to the stupid masses more often. It's unwise to assume that the non-reader audience will remember Lancel's face atop a naked body, not seen since six episodes ago in his goofy hat. "Who was that dude and why is Cersei banging him?
5) For Christ's sake, give Drogo a couple of blinks or even show him breathing. He looked way more dead than he needed to.
720	koifishkid	2011-06-19	DRAGONS! That scene was epic and got me a little teary-eyed.
721	HokieStone	2011-06-19	I took the Pycelle/Roz scene as illustrating to us that while we may have just thought this was a game of Varys and Littlefinger, there's Pycelle playing the old doddering fool to one of Littlefinger's spies. Genius, really.I'm gonna hold on to that as the best explanation for them showing an old man doing deep knee bends in a nightgown.  Otherwise it's just creepy.
722	adamsputnik	2011-06-19	Really? There were the 3 men in the cage. I didn't get a good look, but I assumed the one under the hood was Jaqen and the other two were Rorge and Biter.I think it was just two random blokes - they didn't look like the descriptions of Rorge and Biter. Probably not considered worth the effort.
723	laughing tree knight	2011-06-19	it was marmillion, probably because they had two bard parts and only wanted to cast one. so they combined them..
724	Starkess	2011-06-19	ah, were they? I didn't get to watch it on my normal HD. cool.I'm really happy that they had several 2nd season parts in the finale. Cat and Jaime. Arya and the boys from the Wall. And especially the muster of the Night's Watch. That was a great scene!And Lancel! I was surprised to see that given away this season. (Made me think of julandro, of course!) When we first saw him sitting there naked through the window I thought it was a girl. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
725	Daena the Defiant	2011-06-19	was the Septa the early death???Nope. She was killed and displayed to Sansa just like that in the books. At this exact point.
726	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-19	Anyone else surprised how much they adhered to the dragon scene.  I toltally expected them to cut out the nursing part.Did they not? I mean, I was looking at her tits frequently (just to make sure they were safe) and I don't remember a dragon suckling.I'd hate to think I'd let down my guard.
727	smegma	2011-06-19	Awesome. Chills all over. Loved how it came out. 
Lancel has a skinny ass. Julandro must be excited though.
Loved Tywin in this episode.
Loved the Littlefinger/Varys exchange - and Pycelle acting the doddering old fool to Littlefinger's spy. I think we will probably need to get used to seeing her around lol.
Really surprised that the death was Marillion, since I thought it was suggested and poo-pooed. I really liked the way that actor looked, such a shame. Lame. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Shaggydog!
The scene leaving the wall was awesome.
My daughter thinks Gendry is way hot.
728	Sega AM2	2011-06-19	was the Septa the early death???No. Septa Mordane dies off camera in the books and on the show. We learn of her death when Joffrey points out her head to Sansa. Pretty faithful her death. The death change was Marillion, the singer who is framed for pushing Lysa Arryn out of the Moon Door to her death. He ends up at King's Landing on the show and is killed for singing a mocking song about Robert's death. I guess Littlefinger will have to frame someone else..."only Cat".
729	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-19	I'm amazed that so many people completely missed the point of the Pycelle scene with Roz. I am in disbelief.
730	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	Precisely.  The squats were a little corny, but it got across the point that even the frail old guy is playing the game.  It'll give his interactions with Tyrion a little extra weight next season.Hmm, I never even considered that. Makes sense though.
731	Shepherd6	2011-06-19	Loved it, loved it, loved it! Okay , sure I had a few minor quibbles,such as Dany's hair not burning, and finding Pycelle's squat's friggin goss (although I understand how they illustrate that he is not is as frail as he seems,)Roz, not understanding why Marillion is in KL, but on the whole it was amazing! Really epic, IMHO. Loved the Tywin/Tyrion scene! Thought both actors did an amazing job, as did the actress portraying Sansa. Arya was fabulous, so was Gendry. Loved the King in the North scene and loved Shaggy. 
 Thank you HBO, thank you, thank you. May actually write them a thank you email, something I rarely do. 
 The dragon scene made two fat tears slide down my face, and I am not a cryer. I am very curious about the omission of the Dany/barren line.
 How will we wait until next season?
					
					
							Edited by Shepherd6, 19 June 2011 - 09:27 PM.
732	zippypoodle	2011-06-19	What a waste of time with that Pycelle/Ros scene.  Not in the books, pointless, and I'm starting to think the actress playing Ros is the aspiring actress niece of one of the writers or something.  Lame.I love almost all the non-book scenes.It allows us some insight into character we wouldn't get to see otherwise. In the books we get to see both Sansa and Tyrion's thoughts about their marriage, but we only get to see one side of any character's interaction with Varys. Not so in the show.
733	Starkess	2011-06-19	I think it was just two random blokes - they didn't look like the descriptions of Rorge and Biter. Probably not considered worth the effort.Ah, fair enough. Makes sense. I guess it hardly matters--Jaqen is the only important one. The other two are pretty much just generic scary-evil-dudes. Hence the hood for Jaqen, I'm assuming, since AFAIK he hasn't been cast.Did they not? I mean, I was looking at her tits frequently (just to make sure they were safe) and I don't remember a dragon suckling.I'd hate to think I'd let down my guard.No she's definitely suckling one when Jorah first walks up. Before the other lil guy peeps over her shoulder. It's kind of hard to tell at that point, though.
734	Andeimir	2011-06-19	Well the hair not burning off kind of makes sense since her skin didn't burn and the hair is dead skin cells.And Emilia did a really good job with this episode.  She's awesome.Nit-pick, hair is in fact intermediate filaments of a protein called Keratin growing out of living cells, the outer layer of our skin is indeed dead cells. Not that it matters, Magic is Magic /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />OT: still waiting to "obtain" the episode. Uhm, I mean, wait until it's aired here on Thursday.
735	Mr Bean	2011-06-19	Okay the Pycelle scene was a big WTF but hey it's Hotpie!  Wish we had heard his name but Hotpie!
Random observations
Hodor in the background when Bran goes to the Crypts, the Pycelle thing is even more WTF because the extra little bit where we learn about Dragonglass (Obsidian) as being useful for fighting Others is right here, they go down into the Crypt Rickon goes all RAR on them and Maester L is bitten then they retire to his tower cell (Which I was looking forward to seeing as it's described as being a cross between a medieval lab and pack rat's garage) and instead out comes the Maester to say SORRY BRAN sucks to be you!
Once again it's Ros's godamn fault 
But I'll get past that considering how well the rest of the episode ran.
736	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	I'm amazed that so many people completely missed the point of the Pycelle scene with Roz. I am in disbelief.Why are you acting so high-horsey about it? It's easy to see what Pycelle accomplished in regards to Roz/LF and gives depth to his character -- but the long exposition pretending he is a fool does not need to waste so much time in the season finale.There's a difference between not liking something and not getting it.
737	Daena the Defiant	2011-06-19	Did they not? I mean, I was looking at her tits frequently (just to make sure they were safe) and I don't remember a dragon suckling.When they first show her, she's hunkered over, all supine, and then when she lifts her head, she has the green one (Rhaegal) cradled in her lap and it is nursing (owwie)... then Drogon (the big, badass red one) crawls up her back and Viserion, the lovely cream and gold one, clambers up her calf.
738	Trebla	2011-06-19	This.Don't get why everyone has such a hard time understanding the significance of this scene. Roz being there is not random. I agree 100%. Look at the characters she has interacted with: Theon, Tyrion, Jon (not on screen but he mentions her), LF, Pycelle. She is totally one of Varys' little birds. Whores are the perfect spies. Hell, in Medievel: Total War you train your spies and assassins in brothels. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
739	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	Okay the Pycelle scene was a big WTF but hey it's Hotpie!  Wish we had heard his name but Hotpie!Wait, was the really fat kid Hot Pie? I thought maybe he was, but wasn't sure.
740	zippypoodle	2011-06-19	This.Don't get why everyone has such a hard time understanding the significance of this scene. Roz being there is not random.There's the camp of people who, if it's not in the book, automatically hate it. Don't get it myself, but at least they're consistent. Aside from that, I don't know. Maybe some people are just turned off to sexposition, which I would understand after the whore audition scene. But the other sexposition hasn't been that bad.
741	Blue Steel	2011-06-19	Why are you acting so high-horsey about it? It's easy to see what Pycelle accomplished in regards to Roz/LF and gives depth to his character -- but the long exposition pretending he is a fool does not need to waste so much time in the season finale.There's a difference between not liking something and not getting it.He was replying to someone who said it was a useless scene.  Bad or good, it still served a purpose and that was his point.
742	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-19	Why are you acting so high-horsey about it? It's easy to see what Pycelle accomplished in regards to Roz/LF and gives depth to his character -- but the long exposition pretending he is a fool does not need to waste so much time in the season finale.There's a difference between not liking something and not getting it.Go back and read the comments. People aren't saying they get it but disliked it, they aren't understanding why it was even there in the first place.
743	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-19	Amazing, amazing, amazing.  When I looked up and saw it was 10 til I was shocked that the show had passed so quickly.
Husband says "Jon needs to take that wolf sword and lay waste to the Lannisters."  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  (yes, he realizes Jon is heading the opposite direction)
744	Blue Steel	2011-06-19	I agree 100%. Look at the characters she has interacted with: Theon, Tyrion, Jon (not on screen but he mentions her), LF, Pycelle. She is totally one of Varys' little birds. Whores are the perfect spies. Hell, in Medievel: Total War you train your spies and assassins in brothels. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Haha I didn't think of that but I never really use agents other than diplomats in Medieval: Total War.
745	laughing tree knight	2011-06-19	I'm amazed that so many people completely missed the point of the Pycelle scene with Roz. I am in disbelief.the point was to explain the fine line that kings and queens have towards maddness. it's supposed to make those who cant remember that dany is not going to burn think she might be insane for burning herself.but also that Littlefinger has spies everywhere.  but i mean Roz has consistently been used for scenes of exposition...
746	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	Wait so Roz is one of Varys birds? I thought she was one of LF's...
I'm super slow, forgive me. I never event considred R+L=J until coming to these forums, and that was after two read-throughs.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
747	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	Okay. I was mostly speaking for myself, I didn't love the scene. But you're right, people should recognize the worth of the scene, especially considering that the next one was a cut to Varys and Littlefinger.
The three Councillors are clearly going to be more developed, which I love. Their little three way rivalry will make the political machinations in KL in Season Two that much better.
748	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	Oh I forgot to mention in my other post - SHAGGYDOG!! That scene made me so happy. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
749	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	Yeah, all the wolves were awesome.
750	zippypoodle	2011-06-19	OT: still waiting to "obtain" the episode. Uhm, I mean, wait until it's aired here on Thursday.Are you one of those people stealing the episodes instead of compensating HBO in some form, thus decreasing our chances of future seasons?  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
751	Stannis_Style	2011-06-19	Amazing, amazing, amazing.  When I looked up and saw it was 10 til I was shocked that the show had passed so quickly.Husband says "Jon needs to take that wolf sword and lay waste to the Lannisters."  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  (yes, he realizes Jon is heading the opposite direction)LOL I had to tell my wife the same thing... she's like is Jon going to kill Joffrey? I'm like no but he is going to save the Kingdom from a far bigger threat than these bickering fools and their unimportant GoT.
752	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	Are you one of those people stealing the episodes instead of compensating HBO in some form, thus decreasing our chances of future seasons?  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />I bought HBO just for this series, I also "obtain" the episodes, AND I'll be buying the DVDs when they come out.I'm what you call an addict.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
753	zippypoodle	2011-06-19	Why are you acting so high-horsey about it? It's easy to see what Pycelle accomplished in regards to Roz/LF and gives depth to his character -- but the long exposition pretending he is a fool does not need to waste so much time in the season finale.There's a difference between not liking something and not getting it.I agree. But when people post that the Pycelle scene is a pointless waste of time, to me that reads like the latter rather than the former. Some people have made clear that dislike it for the former reason though.
754	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-19	He looked way more dead than he needed to.He looked as alive and lifeless as he needed to.When they first show her, she's hunkered over, all supine, and then when she lifts her head, she has the green one (Rhaegal) cradled in her lap and it is nursing (owwie)... then Drogon (the big, badass red one) crawls up her back and Viserion, the lovely cream and gold one, clambers up her calf.OK. I can buy it. I know the red crawled over her back. I know the other walked up her calf. I know one of them was cradled in her midrift. Just as a guy that makes notice of bare breasts and who I might want to be jealous of, Dany's dragons didn't register. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />ETA: Page 6 already?! Good luck. I'm out.
					
					
							Edited by Lord O' Bones, 19 June 2011 - 09:36 PM.
755	Bee	2011-06-19	Wow, what a way to end this 10 hour ride.  I like how this was a wrap up, but so much more to come episode.  It's very reminiscent of the way GRRM ends his books (except for that pesky little Brienne cliffhanger).
Best Things:
1. Emilia ROCKED this episode. I've had my doubts her but she actually made me like Dany. Dany..my least favorite character in the whole series and her scene with Drogo brought tears to my eyes.
2. The King in the North Scene was exactly how I imagined it.  Richard Madden is really coming into his own as Robb (although the Theon allegiance was so angering considering what he does next season)
3. The Dragons- perfect. 
4. Sophie Turner definitely had her best episode tonight. Instead of sitting their with blank eyes, you could really see the hurt.  You could just see how much she hated Joffrey.
5. Varys and LF- jjust amazing. Loving most of the scene HBO adds
6. Gendry, Hotpie, and Arry were all perfect.  The short hair, the intimidation.It also doesn't hurt that its Chris from skins and he's awesome so of course he would play Gendry- who is also awesome.
Things I did not like:
1. If you haven't read the books you're probably saying who the eff are Stannis and Renly. That felt a little rushed
2. I get why they put the Roz ssexposition scene in, I really did. but it was long and boring, and just plain creepy
3. Lancel and Cersie- it even took me a second to remember who the eff he was
4. Shae- by far the worst casting decision. Hate her. CoK will be torture to watch with her.
Overall some of the best hours of television ever created. Bravo.  And now on to ADwD
756	Triskan	2011-06-19	I'm amazed that so many people completely missed the point of the Pycelle scene with Roz. I am in disbelief.I won't speak for anyone else, but I've only read books 2 and 3 once a piece and it was in 2006 or 2007.  I would be doing a reread, but I sent them to my brother who has thankfully read them and loved them.  That is to say I don't remember how Pycelle plays into the grand scheme of things as the story progresses.
757	Tempra	2011-06-19	He looked as alive and lifeless as he needed to.OK. I can buy it. I know the red crawled over her back. I know the other walked up her calf. I know one of them was cradled in her midrift. Just as a guy that makes notice of bare breasts and who I might want to be jealous of, Dany's dragons didn't register. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />ETA: Page 6 already?! Good luck. I'm out.Wait, there were dragons in that scene!?
758	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-06-19	dragons looked a lot better than i expected. they arn't exactly like I imagined(imagined longer necks) but still look great.
759	zippypoodle	2011-06-19	I bought HBO just for this series, I also "obtain" the episodes, AND I'll be buying the DVDs when they come out.I'm what you call an addict.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />OK, then. You're cool with me. It just frustrates me when people don't get why piracy is likely to deprive them of the very thing they love so much.
760	Daena the Defiant	2011-06-19	I can buy it. I know the red crawled over her back. I know the other walked up her calf. I know one of them was cradled in her midrift. Just as a guy that makes notice of bare breasts and who I might want to be jealous of, Dany's dragons didn't register. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Well, I was sitting on the edge of my couch waiting to see them - the dragons, not the breasts - and trust me, he was definitely clamped on there /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
761	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-19	I'm amazed that so many people completely missed the point of the Pycelle scene with Roz. I am in disbelief.Don't be.  There's a whole lot of people that can't get past quibbles and realize soeone with that much screen time has a purpose.  I'm surprised that no one has whined that the part of Pycelle closing the door could've been cut so they could show 2 seconds of something that happened "offscreen" in the books.  I'll say it for the last time this season folks, TRUST THEM.  They've done an almost universally praised job of making a badass series out of badass books.  That is not easy whatsoever. So show some faith: Ros and Shae are there for a reason, the impact of Robb's wolf was made known (a big complaint from last episode), Jaime's rep is being bolstered, etc...  Patience and faith.  Trust me, you'll enjoy things even more if you drop the whining about the little shit you think could be used somewhere else.  It's chess, not checkers!Awesome job after a few sloppy episodes early on.  I expect they'll reap dozens of Emmys for the technical stuff like wardrobe, art direction (both should be a lock), camera and sound stuff.  Here's to seeing some glamor wins in there too (Dinklage, Clarke and that little shit Joffrey, though Bean will probably be in there as well).  It's too long to get excited for next season yet, but the anticipation for the book release is gonna start killing me soon with no series to tide me over.  Got it pre-ordered on my nook, hoping it auto-downloads at midnight on release day!
762	jlk7e	2011-06-19	4. Tyrion/Tywin stuff was good, but Shae still gets on my nerves. She is far too assertive IMO, at this point I realize that they're just changing her character, but I don't really get why. Ah well, not terribly important.Really?  It seems obvious why.  Book Shae is utterly insipid - stupid, grasping, and unpleasant.  For the show, they're obviously creating a whore who is worth falling in love with, and worth defying Tywin for.  This may or may not be a good decision (I'm inclined to think it is, but opinions may differ), but it's pretty obvious why they're doing it.I think it was just two random blokes - they didn't look like the descriptions of Rorge and Biter. Probably not considered worth the effort.They were in the cage.  Which is more likely, 1) that they've put two scary guys in a cage with (probably) Jaqen Hgar, but they are not Rorge and Biter; or 2) that they have hired actors to play Rorge and Biter who don't look quite look the descriptions of them in the book?
763	Lannes	2011-06-19	Just outstanding! I have waited so long (as many of you have) to see those baby dragons clinging to Dany and they absolutely knocked it out of the park....
Hats off to everyone who brought this series to life.   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
764	Trebla	2011-06-19	Okay. I was mostly speaking for myself, I didn't love the scene. But you're right, people should recognize the worth of the scene, especially considering that the next one was a cut to Varys and Littlefinger.The three Councillors are clearly going to be more developed, which I love. Their little three way rivalry will make the political machinations in KL in Season Two that much better.I assume Varys. When he meets Cat and she has the dagger, he says he has little birds everywhere. Including the North. Theon: "Move your leg higher Ros. Anyways, as I was saying...this assassin showed up in Bran's room with a Valyrian steel dagger. One of those crazy wolves saved him, though. Can you believe that shit?"Ros: "You don't say, m'lord. Oh harder m'lord!"
765	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	Also, I agree with all the people sad over Theon's awesomeness towards Robb. So bittersweet.
But he is a main character, and the writers of season one successfully got the audience to like him without the viewer being able to read all the other characters thoughts about him like readers did. I expect great things from Alfie in season two, and his betrayal (unwitting or not) is going to sting so bad, even knowing that it happens.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 19 June 2011 - 09:41 PM.
766	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-19	There's the camp of people who, if it's not in the book, automatically hate it. Don't get it myself, but at least they're consistent. Aside from that, I don't know. Maybe some people are just turned off to sexposition, which I would understand after the whore audition scene. But the other sexposition hasn't been that bad.That and they complain that stuff that wasn't shown in the book didn't get shown in an epsiode (Robert's goring and death, Whispering Woods etc...)
767	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	Man, thoughts keep flooding into my mind. I need to take notes during this show.
People keep mentioning the Rorge/Biter possibilities. Now I can't be positive, but I could've sworn that one of those men had a messed up nose, like some of it was missing. Did anyone else notice this?
768	Blue Steel	2011-06-19	So in the one scene in all the books that Tywin almost acts like a father to Tyrion, it happens on Father's Day. And then Sansa, Arya, Rickon, Bran and Robb all have to deal with the death of their father on the same day.  Damn you HBO schedulers.
769	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-19	Man, thoughts keep flooding into my mind. I need to take notes during this show.People keep mentioning the Rorge/Biter possibilities. Now I can't be positive, but I could've sworn that one of those men had a messed up nose, like some of it was missing. Did anyone else notice this?One had a nasty scar on his nose but a nose was still present. I'm sure that's how they'll handle a certain other "noseless" character later on.
770	Kaitscralt	2011-06-19	Was I the only one that didn't even realize/notice/miss the fact that Sean Bean wasn't on the screen? That says a lot for next season.One had a nasty scar on his nose but a nose was still present. I'm sure that's how they'll handle a certain other "noseless" character later on.Ah, okay. Thanks! And agreed @ Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 19 June 2011 - 09:46 PM.
771	snake	2011-06-19	I won't speak for anyone else, but I've only read books 2 and 3 once a piece and it was in 2006 or 2007.  I would be doing a reread, but I sent them to my brother who has thankfully read them and loved them.  That is to say I don't remember how Pycelle plays into the grand scheme of things as the story progresses.Pycelle was a Lannister lackey in the books, nothing more.  He wasn't a "player" like Varys, Littlefinger, the Imp, etc.
772	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	People keep mentioning the Rorge/Biter possibilities. Now I can't be positive, but I could've sworn that one of those men had a messed up nose, like some of it was missing. Did anyone else notice this?I noticed that too. I was looking hard for characteristics of those three that matched the book, but really the only one that seemed to match was Rorge. I actually assumed the guy in the hood was Biter cause he looked massive, while the third guy (without the scarred nose) looked thin...but he also doesn't match Jaqen's description at all, so now I'm not sure. Might just be a placeholder actor.Either way, I don't really care all that much, as long as they make it clear through the writing/acting that Jaqen is elegant and well-spoken while the other two are...well, not.
773	Basileus777	2011-06-19	Is it certain that it was Marillion and not a different bard in that scene?
774	Ormond	2011-06-19	Though not my favorite episode, this certainly maintained the generally very high quality of the series.I don't particularly like the decision to get rid of Marillion so early. It will be interesting to see how they rewrite the later scenes he would have been in.I really disagree with those who think Catelyn's "you've ruined your sword" line was lame. Personally I think that's exactly the sort of thing a mother like Catelyn would say in that situation. It might have worked even a bit better to have her say nothing and just catch Robb's eye to have him come to her, but what she did say is fine. Pointing out to him directly that there are better ways to express his grief and anger would have been much worse and more embarrassing, or even belittling to Robb. Focusing on the minor issue of dulling the sword was actually a good way for her to get him to refocus while still saving face.
775	Rockroi	2011-06-19	The best season finale I have seen in a while.  What I liked:When can I stop looking?: Yeah, I get it, nobody likes Sansa.  Well, I really like her and I thought that scene with Joff (100% from the book, more or less) was tremendous.  But her line- when she sees her father and realizes <U+0080><U+0093> much to her own shock <U+0080><U+0093>that she can handle it, she asks that all important question: now that I am doing EXACTLY what you want me to do, when can I stop?  And I thought that one part was a perfect allegory for Sansa; it seems as if her whole life is one unimaginable torment and abuse, but that she is so hard now, that she takes it all.  She will take any abuse, any torment any attack for as long as it takes <U+0080><U+0093> until YOU stop.  The King In the North<U+0080> who Wanted it That Way:  The King in the North scene was very important and they nailed it 6 ways from Sunday.  But that one moment- the actor playing Robb <U+0080><U+0093>once three men kneel to him- he gets that look in his eyes; that very slight hint that <U+0080> <U+0080><U+009C>You know what?  I DO want to be King in the North!<U+0080><U+009D>  Its very subtle, but its there: Robb BEAMS with pride over it.  Once somebody said the words, there was that long pause <U+0080><U+0093> at Robb could have said, <U+0080><U+009C>Absolutely not!  I don<U+0080><U+0099>t want to be KinG!<U+0080><U+009D>  But no: he stayed very quiet.  That<U+0080><U+0099>s because Robb liked that idea a whole HECK of a lot.  A Game of Kings:  I liked how they integrated a great deal of the early Clash of Kings scenes in this last episode.  Seamless transition is the name of this game.  King and his Court: Sweet scene to underscore Aerys III.  Hot pincers, people wailing, Joff giggling like an idiot.  Who WOULDN<U+0080><U+0099>T want to punch that shit in the face?  Tales from the Crypt: Loved the scene with Rickon and Bran in the crypts with Osha; I really think that Bran and Rickon are going to be solid characters as time goes on.  I was MILDLY disappointed in the way Lewyn broke the enws to Bran; I really enjoyed that part of the book (<U+0080><U+009C>we . . . we shall need to find a stonecarver who knew his likeness well<U+0080><U+009D>) but that is just nitpicking. Overall the scene was scary, heartbreaking and gritty.  Missed Summer, though.  The Old Bear Just Owns:  I think Jon Snow is the weakest character in the book and now in the show.  But his scenes arte 100x better when Lord Mormont takes the center stage and pontificates.  His voice-over speech with the scenes of them riding North was as good a transition as anything they have done in the show.  Stupendous.  Really great stuff. Tyrion and Tywin: Closer Than We Think  Maybe the best scene in terms of dialog and acting was the whole Tyrion and Tywin scene.  Show-Tywin has VASTLY more respect for Tyrion than book-Tywin.  This version is far more realistic and I enjoy it much more.  I think its very telling how Tywin has control over every aspect of his household and his men, and will use them all to maximum advantage: even his son(s).  And buried in all of it is just how much of a mind Tyrion has and how similar it is to Tywin; they think alike and they know how to play this game.  I think these two characters and the two actors are tremendous.  Cat and Jaime: I wanted more, but at least they got my sig, right?  Great scene.  Seeing is Believing: I liked the growth of the Varys/LF dynamic and I can even take the fact that they speak so openly to one another, but I enjoyed that buried in all this is the capable Pyrcell- not the doddering old fool he plays on (seriously: I am STUNNED people on this board did not figure out- immediately <U+0080><U+0093>what they were going for there).  And I liked how he<U+0080><U+0099>s getting his info from Rox.  Always remember what Obi-wan says: You<U+0080><U+0099>re eyes deceive you; don<U+0080><U+0099>t trust them.<U+0080><U+009D>  And that old man ain<U+0080><U+0099>t that old. And For the First Time in hundreds of years <U+0080>  So, I have said it before, but it bears repeating: there are some scenes that when I first read them I had them designed in my head: I could (because Martin is a tremendous writer) picture and map out everything the scene had in it and exactly how it looked.  The scene with the MOTHER FUCKING Dragons looked exactly the way I had always pictured it.  The dragons, the look in Dany<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes, the dragons and how they moved on her (and how one of them was totally breast feeding); the desecration; the ruined landscape, the dragons, the way Jorah knelt, the way they all knelt and the way it all seemed to be 100% legit: like you would EXPECT that this would be the way people would react if somebody they knew commanded three bad-ass dragons.  It was utterly mesmerizing.  And Honorable mention to the woman who played the Mirri Maz Duur.  I never wanted to punch a woman in the teeth more than her.  Great acting.  And that woman sure knew how to scream.  A little meh on:Hey, You Look Familiar:  I am NOT a fan of the Syrio = Jaquen theory.  So, I say this with great reservations:  One of the guys in the cart going off to the wall TOTALLY looked like Syrio with his head and beard shaved.  I mean, he<U+0080><U+0099>s got his eyes closed as they are moving out, but .. yeah<U+0080> there I said it.  I hope I am wrong. Not Liking:Shea: I can tell that you will be the person who when your scenes come on screen next season that<U+0080><U+0099>s when I get up to get some food.  Because in the end, you are really just a secondary character and not a particularly interesting one at that; the fact that you talk wayyyy too much just makes that worse.  Overall, this was a fantastic episode that I enjoyed back to front.  The series overall was a tremendous success with only minor complaints and few things that- if I could <U+0080><U+0093> I would change.  I think this was as good a show as we could have hoped for, if we ever hoped for anything.  Great job HBO; great job George.Play resumes Spring 2012.  Well done.  And we all lose our stuff July 12.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 19 June 2011 - 09:58 PM.
776	Grack21	2011-06-19	Wait, was the really fat kid Hot Pie? I thought maybe he was, but wasn't sure. Oh he was. One of my friend's is like Captain of the Hot Pie Fan Club. He was flipping out.
777	Lord Mord	2011-06-19	I was actually caught up in this episode.  Thrilled.Here's the thing: I look at the books and the TV series as utterly different.  If something doesn't fit the books, I might be disappointed, but it takes nothing away from the series.I think this was the best episode.  I loved nearly everything about it, and was disappointed in ... Nothing.  The Varys/LF scene was fantastic, Yoren was spot on.  Every hint played, every nuance was wholly in character, and ... HA!  DRAGONS!!!!!!!  THOSE did not disappoint, sirrah.I want more ....... Now!P.S.  Oh, and I fucking loved the bit with Pycelle.  That last little bit before he goes out the door had me and the bf practically rolling on the floor.
778	jefe91	2011-06-19	That was Rorge, with a partial missing nose, Jaqen had a hood on and bitter had his mouth closed
779	House Snow	2011-06-19	Also I think the Pycelle scene should be taken from a nonreader's point of view.  If I hadn't read the book I would have been sort of taken aback that Pycelle might actually be a player.  And even as a reader I was a little surprise.  It really was a nice little twist.
780	beniowa	2011-06-19	Is it certain that it was Marillion and not a different bard in that scene?Not sure how much stock you'd place in this, but the closed captioning said "Marillion".  And I believe Ran and others have already said it was the same actor.
781	House Snow	2011-06-19	So wait a minute was Marillion killed?  I though they were cutting his tongue out?
782	Trebla	2011-06-19	From EW's recapKing's Landing: Joffrey is hard at work making lives miserable, forcing a minstrel to perform a song in front of the court. Seems the singer was overheard playing a tune mocking King Robert and Cersei in a tavern, was arrested and brought before Joffrey. American Idol would be so much more interesting if these were the stakes. The minstrel promises to never perform the song again, but Joffrey wants to make certain (when I asked the producers why they moved this maiming up from Book 3 to season one, they said simply, "We couldn't resist")
783	Winterfelled	2011-06-19	Even better than the last episode, in my opinion. I think from a technical standpoint, this was the first episode all season where the pacing wasn't just good, but perfect. Nothing felt rushed or crammed or trimmed, everything had time to breath. There were monologues and cinematic sequences, yet time enough for extensive head-hopping and a dozen tiny reveals. Each cliffhanger could have stood alone in it's own episode. It really felt like a season finale, honestly and truly. 
The "You've ruined your sword" line was great, in my opinion. It's just the sort of trivial thing that's said in the throes of grief. I honestly don't remember if there was an analogous scene in the book, but I prefer the line in the episode to a gushier, more melodramatic one. 
I had no qualms with the episode, except that it was only an hour long. But given how well it was paced, who knows what kind of a mess could have been made out of 90 or 120 minutes. Best to leave it as it is. 
I am looking forward to next season, but I am very worried about how they plan on fitting that book into 10 episodes. It was a sometimes terribly rushed and uneven this year with a smaller book, so I can't imagine how they're going to manage Clash.
784	MusaYo	2011-06-19	I loved the Cat and Robb scene, and also Cat and Jamie. Also the start of the episode, scenes with Arya and Yoren. Powerful scenes. The King of the North scene was thrilling! I thought the episode was less emotional than Episode 9, but dramatic enough, and a great set up for Season 2
785	Rangers30	2011-06-19	The best season finale I have seen in a while.  What I liked:The Old Bear Just Owns:  I think Jon Snow is the weakest character in the book and now in the show.  But his scenes arte 100x better when Lord Mormont takes the center stage and pontificates.  His voice-over speech with the scenes of them riding North was as good a transition as anything they have done in the show.  Stupendous.  Really great stuff.Jon's entire repertoire seems to consist of him bugging his eyes out and looking constipated.Not Liking:Shea: I can tell that you will be the person who when your scenes come on screen next season that<U+0080><U+0099>s when I get up to get some food.  Because in the end, you are really just a secondary character and not a particularly interesting one at that; the fact that you talk wayyyy too much just makes that worse.  At least in that way she resembles Book Shae then.
					
					
							Edited by Rangers30, 19 June 2011 - 10:14 PM.
786	Ran	2011-06-19	Yes, it's Marillion. GRRM misspoke or misremembered, or they changed the details later -- Marillion has his tongue cut out, but presumably will live. That's the big change to a lesser character that he was thinking about.
787	Grack21	2011-06-19	Awesome job after a few sloppy episodes early on.  I expect they'll reap dozens of Emmys for the technical stuff like wardrobe, art direction (both should be a lock), camera and sound stuff.  Here's to seeing some glamor wins in there too (Dinklage, Clarke and that little shit Joffrey, though Bean will probably be in there as well).  It's too long to get excited for next season yet, but the anticipation for the book release is gonna start killing me soon with no series to tide me over.  Got it pre-ordered on my nook, hoping it auto-downloads at midnight on release day!Sean Bean has never won an individual acting award. Which makes me mad at the world. I DEMAND JUSTICE. ETC!
					
					
							Edited by Grack21, 19 June 2011 - 10:18 PM.
788	Stannis_Style	2011-06-19	The best season finale I have seen in a while.  What I liked:Tyrion and Tywin: Closer Than We Think  Maybe the best scene in terms of dialog and acting was the whole Tyrion and Tywin scene.  Show-Tywin has VASTLY more respect for Tyrion than book-Tywin.  This version is far more realistic and I enjoy it much more.  I think its very telling how Tywin has control over every aspect of his household and his men, and will use them all to maximum advantage: even his son(s).  And buried in all of it is just how much of a mind Tyrion has and how similar it is to Tywin; they think alike and they know how to play this game.  I think these two characters and the two actors are tremendous.  I think Tywin is too much of a control freak and his big failing his not letting his two boys really have the autonomy they need. Now I know Jaime is kind of a blowhard, and Tyrion a drunkard and lecher, but they are never allowed much in their own endeavours until this whole war with the Starks begins. Tywin tells Jaime to be the man you were meant to be, but what is Jaime now 40? What control over his own life was he allowed to exercise before? Now he has to be independent? I think Tyrion as well should have been given his own little corner of the Lannister empire to run. Tywin will give no control over much of any Lannister business.It's funny but I am reminded of Jack Black's speech at the dinner table in Shallow Hal about successful parents not giving their children independence as they are afraid of them failing and sullying their name. I could see Tyrion give that same speech to Tywin and it would work.
789	modehead	2011-06-19	Biter was more or less hidden, wasn't he? I guess he's a casting surprise for season 2 as well.
790	melicorn	2011-06-19	I'm a little disappointed they cut Dany naming her bloodriders, but they never really explained that bond they had to Drogo in the tv series, so it wouldn't have much impact for non-readers. Also, did anyone really expect them to burn her hair off? I think as soon as I heard there was going to be a tv series I knew that bald queens would not be making any appearances.
Shae is not winning any points with me. I don't necessarily think she is a bad character, but it just seems so unbelievable for Tyrion to like her.Heck even in the scene tonight it seemed like he was not enjoying her company that much.
BUT:
WOLVES AND DRAGONS.
This is what I wanted the series for and they have delivered. A halfway decent dragon would make up for a bad Shae and they have three spot-on ones.
(Also, I was checking out the twitter feed and I really like how most of the non-reader fans call Dany just Khaleesi instead. It's kind of funny, but the show does say that way more often than her actual name.)
791	modehead	2011-06-19	The best season finale I have seen in a while.  A little meh on:Hey, You Look Familiar:  I am NOT a fan of the Syrio = Jaquen theory.  So, I say this with great reservations:  One of the guys in the cart going off to the wall TOTALLY looked like Syrio with his head and beard shaved.  I mean, he<U+0092>s got his eyes closed as they are moving out, but .. yeah<U+0085> there I said it.  I hope I am wrong. Dude, that had to be Biter, right?
792	MusaYo	2011-06-19	Sean Bean has never won an individual acting award. Which makes me mad at the world. I DEMAND JUSTICE. ETC!Agree, Sean Bean deserves an Emmy for Game of Thrones, he's long overdue.
793	Ser Aardvark	2011-06-19	(repost from the "rating" thread)Ah Roz, the girl people love to hate. I have to say I'm not in love with the character but I don't hate her with the venom other people on here do. Still not satisfied with the alteration done with Shae, unlike the others who have been changed slightly (Lysa, Syrio, Lord Frey, Sam) they did not change her for the better or keep the spirit of her character intact. She's the whore I can't stand in the series to be honest with you. Other complaint? King in the North scene came too early. That scene should have been later imo as it wraps up Robb's and Cat's storyline for the season and it's a pretty dramatic scene in the book. Oh and where was Riverrun?! Maybe too complicated to throw in YET ANOTHER place I understand but...what about the Riverland Lords? They pledge allegiance to King Robb too I believe. Oh and I agree the egg hatching scene should have been at night with us seeing the eggs crack open and the dragons emerge in flame. But that's more of a nitpicking thing (and the aforementioned lack of Bald Dany but I knew they wouldn't let that pretty actress go bald even for an episode of Season 2)Other than that, everything else was great. Particular love for Joff and Sansa. Sansa really looks like shit after the execution and the actor playing Joff plays the Shitbird to a T. Seeing the Hound be gentle would have had more impact if we had got more of him this season but c'est la vie. Runner up was Jon and the Night's Watch. The direction of The Old Bear's last speech with the juxtaposition of Jon waiting for the gates opening and hearing Mormont asking (paraphrasing) "You have to decide: Are you a bastard boy playing at war or are you a Man of the Night's Watch?" to this music was LotR-level badassery. Arry and Yoren was done superbly as well, though was it just me or did Hot Pie look like he was wearing mascara?! AND BITER!!! WOOT!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Aardvark, 19 June 2011 - 10:39 PM.
794	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-19	The King In the North<U+0085> who Wanted it That Way:  The King in the North scene was very important and they nailed it 6 ways from Sunday.  But that one moment- the actor playing Robb <U+0096>once three men kneel to him- he gets that look in his eyes; that very slight hint that <U+0085> <U+0093>You know what?  I DO want to be King in the North!<U+0094>  Its very subtle, but its there: Robb BEAMS with pride over it.  Once somebody said the words, there was that long pause <U+0096> at Robb could have said, <U+0093>Absolutely not!  I don<U+0092>t want to be KinG!<U+0094>  But no: he stayed very quiet.  That<U+0092>s because Robb liked that idea a whole HECK of a lot.  I also loved the "oh shit" expression on Catelyn's face as realizes what it means.  And to think what is in store for the two of them.
795	Lord Tywin	2011-06-19	Why is Pycelle doing squats then pretending to limp out of the room?Pycelle is Yoda. He is going to dropkick the Others into another galaxy.
796	Isabella Stark	2011-06-19	I enjoyed the Pycelle scene.  I thought he was going to be the "early" death, so there was suspense for me.
I think that scene accomplished a lot and wasn't the waste of time some of you think it was.  Among other things, it shows:
1) Roz is someone's spy
2) he's faking the feeble old man thing
3) plants the seed that Dany's going to go crazy- He tells us that Aerys was a good guy at first, and then went crazy and started burning people.  Then you see Dany burn someone.  If you were a non-reader, you'd think she's going crazy like her father.  Otherwise, it sets up the long term possibility that she'll go mad.  It had never occurred to me before this spring, but between my current reread and the tv show (maybe one more than the other), I'm now very concerned that she'll be crazy by the end of the series.
4) Probably some other stuff that simply hasn't played out yet.   Just because the purpose isn't clear now doesn't mean there isn't one.  I suspect that when we read ADWD, some of the "what's that all about" moments from the tv show will make more sense.
Also liked the Littlefinger-Varys scene.  I'm not all that into Littlefinger (not crazy about him in the books either), but I'm loving this actor's portrayal of Varys.
In Tywin's strategy meeting, I think they should have had a close-up of a map with some explanation of which armies are where.  They used that device several times in the Lord of the Rings movies, and I think it's useful for orienting viewers.
I'm glad Osha finally got a comb.  I missed the history lesson that Maester Luwin (about the children of the forest and the first men, etc) is giving when that raven arrives, but I realize that the finale is no time for a  history lesson.  
I liked the dragons.  However, wish they had ended with a close up of Dany and her dragons.
After episode 9, this one felt a little anti-climactic.   But that's OK.
797	Lady Blackfish	2011-06-19	I'm catching up on my DVR and I'm just in the King in the north scene -- did they cut out Catelyn's plea for peace entirely??
798	Trebla	2011-06-19	Okay, that is DEFINTELY Rorge and Biter. I watched it in HD and paused it. Rorge, the long-haired one, looks like he had a hole in his nose. And the short-haired one behind him has his teeth filed down.
799	Tears of Lys	2011-06-19	WOLVES AND DRAGONS.This is what I wanted the series for and they have delivered. A halfway decent dragon would make up for a bad Shae and they have three spot-on ones.(Also, I was checking out the twitter feed and I really like how most of the non-reader fans call Dany just Khaleesi instead. It's kind of funny, but the show does say that way more often than her actual name.)Loved it!  Shaggydog made me jump!  And the dragon scene was fantastic.  I must have that scene to play again.And, yeah, my husband, who hasn't read the books, refers to Dany as Khaleesi too.  In fact, he's taken to calling me that now too.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  It's fun that non-book readers are becoming familiar with the series now.  And, yes, it's going to be tough waiting for next season, but we do have something to keep us occupied coming up soon.
800	DragonAge93	2011-06-19	HOLY SHIT. Amazing season finale. Jon and the Night's Watch going out beyond the Wall was just too chilling. The music was spectacular (as always). The dragon scene was just mind blowing. I thought for a second they were REAL dragons. Great CGI from HBO on the dragons, and the scene played out just as I imagined it in the books. And looks like we are getting the Sandor/Sansa relationship going. And I felt Robb's pain as he hacked away at that tree. RIP Lord Eddard Stark.
Great season finale, and I'm eagerly awaiting season 2 next year. Good thing I'm not done with the second book yet! Gonna go delve into that right now!
801	melicorn	2011-06-19	Oh, I remember one thing that I thought was rather strange: When Bran and Rickon were down in the tombs, it was originally Luwin who was reassuring Bran that dreams are just dreams, right? And that Osha was hinting at what would eventually be named greensight? Is my memory totally off on this part of the book? Anyway, it just seemed odd that Osha wasn't on the side of mysticism here. Although maybe they are trying to show a more caring side to her to set up for her eventual responsibility for Bran and Rickon.
802	CelticCail	2011-06-19	When Bran and Rickon were down in the tombs, it was originally Luwin who was reassuring Bran that dreams are just dreams, right? And that Osha was hinting at what would eventually be named greensight? Is my memory totally off on this part of the book? Nope, you're spot on.  I just re-read this scene last night.  It was an annoying change.
803	Triskan	2011-06-19	And, yeah, my husband, who hasn't read the books, refers to Dany as Khaleesi too.  In fact, he's taken to calling me that now too.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  It's fun that non-book readers are becoming familiar with the series now.  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />How long until she starts to believe in herself and she starts demanding that we all refer to her as "Khaleesi" as well?  Does anyone else look at Gendry and think "He should have been Renly?"  Or at least an older version of the same type of guy?
804	iheartseverus	2011-06-19	Anybody else try logging in at HBO Go?  I've been trying nearly nonstop for two freakin' hours--obviously, they're overloaded again.  I would have sooooo thought they'd be up to speed by now, alas...
805	pleonasm	2011-06-19	I really liked this episode sans the superflous Pycelle scene (what the hell?). I do wonder about some of the ending choices however, like why the "King of the North" was at the beginning at not near the end of the episode. Strange. Its one of the few uplifting moments in the story.
806	DragonAge93	2011-06-19	Gotta give a hand to the acting in this episode, all the episodes actually. Jason Momoa was great as Drogo in this episode, even if all he did was stare out into nothing, but he did it well, without flinching or anything. I knew the guy who played Gendry was familiar.... He played in an episode of "Merlin" in season 1. Just struck me as I saw him again.
807	SwordoftheMorning	2011-06-19	Jumping fucking Jeezus that was EPIC. They hit every note perfectly. the King in the North scene, even  tho it was spoiled at in the preview still rocked. Jon's midnight ride, Sam, Pipp and the other one reciting the vow's and convincing him to return gave me chill's. As did the Night's Watch riding out in force beyond the wall. OMG, Sansa, and her idea of tossing Joffery to his death made me love her. and I hated her in the books. The Hound starting to let his feelings show, Joffery displaying his a freaking psycho ..... That was the best hour of television I've seen since the heyday of The Wire. D&D simply fucking NAILED the landing.
808	Trebla	2011-06-19	Does anyone else look at Gendry and think "He should have been Renly?"  Or at least an older version of the same type of guy?Yeah, I totally thought that as well. But really, Gendry will have much more screen time than Renly so it still works out in the end.
809	Lucky Pierre	2011-06-19	Loved it... but I really wanted the anticipation of seeing that first crack appear one of the dragon eggs...   Gonna watch it again soon!
810	brian_177	2011-06-19	I really liked this episode sans the superflous Pycelle scene (what the hell?).I liked it, because it lets non-readers know that Pycelle is slyly playing his own part in the game--that he's not as frail and senile as he makes us believe.
811	Grack21	2011-06-19	so, how is Larry taking it?
812	Lord of Oop North	2011-06-19	Jorahs "I won't watch you burn" was so epically delivered. Fuuuuuck.
813	Andeimir	2011-06-19	Can we fast-forward to April please?
The King of the North scene could've been 'later', as it is in the books, but I thought that it served well to maintain the pacing and not overcrowd the second half of the episode.
I was a bit disappointed we didn't get a flashback and a history lesson in the Cat/Jaime scene. Keeping the screenshot of Brandon in mind, it would come eventually, but I was hoping to get to see it sooner than the next season since the recollections, be it in thought or dialogue, tend to be favourites of mine.
I liked the Pycelle scene. While I think the TV Pycelle had a shady aura to him throughout the series, it did outright establish him as a character viewers sould be suspicious of in season 2, which would make the King's Landing scenes even more a joy to watch.
All in all, to me it seems like the series really kicked it up a notch in the last 3 episodes. I wasn't too impressed by the first couple of episodes but as it stands I'm looking forward to season 2 even more than I did for this one, and I really couldn't ask for more than that.
Oh and, KAWAI DRAGONS /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
					
					
							Edited by Andeimir, 19 June 2011 - 11:40 PM.
814	iheartseverus	2011-06-19	I love it that Dany's shoulder-dragon, Drogon, is red.  (He was black in the books).  Also that while Viserion is nursing and Rhaegal is climbing up her leg, Drogon goes right up for the high ground, spreads his wings and hisses threat and attitude at the people standing there watching.   No question who the top dog dragon is in that little group of triplets.  Go, Drogon, get your bad self on, and you just a few hours old!  What's wonderful is that D&D took the trouble to make the baddest-ass bad-ass dragon, well, bad-ass, from the very moment of his birth, from the very first moment we see him.
815	brian_177	2011-06-19	Jorahs "I won't watch you burn" was so epically delivered. Fuuuuuck.Agreed. I liked him from the get go in the books (even amongst the spying, oddly enough), and from his first scene he's been my favourite person in the show.
816	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-19	so, how is Larry taking it?I don't imagine he'll like Drogo's fate.  He was bitching about "knowing" that Drogo was gonna die, but to actually find out he was right might send him over the edge.  Looking forward to seeing it!
817	DonalNoye	2011-06-19	The Pycelle scene sets up an absolutely hilarious possibility for next year. Tyrion, Shagga, and hopefully Bronn shave off Pycelle's beard and arrest him, but before they can the old man takes off in the opposite direction at an absolute sprint. Tyrion and Bronn exchange suitable "WTF was that?" looks before someone chases him down.
818	MinotaurWarrior	2011-06-19	Overall, I was disappointed. These scenes in the book gave me chills, but for the most part, this episode was merely very good, with three notable exceptions: Danaerys Stormborn, the Night's Watch oath recitation, and Sansa Stark. Really, Emilia Clarke deserves some sort of award for her performances on this show, and Sansa managed to take a character I hated in the books, and make me really love her.
819	Underfoot	2011-06-19	The Sansa/Joffrey/Sandor scene was perfect, and I thought that Sophie Turner and Jack Gleeson did amazing this episode. Arya was great as always, and it was nice to see Bran and Rickon.
I nearly died during the "king in the north" scene, so epic, though it really made me want to punch Theon for being a lying sack of shit. Grrr.
The Varys/LF scene was full of awesome, but Varys makes me giggle every time I see him because he looks like Buddha. The squatting scene showed way more of Pycelle than I wanted but IMO did serve nicely to illustrate that he's in the game as much as Varys and LF. 
A little underwhelmed by the revealing of the dragons, honestly. Right or wrong, I always pictured Dany as stepping proudly out of the flames with the dragons draped around her, not huddled in ashes. Jorah was perfect. 
Thought the burning of MMD looked great, and the dragons were stunning!!!
820	TheEvilKing	2011-06-19	Best episode of the season for me. Some amazing scenes. The King of the North scene made me grin - loved the addition of Theon swearing fealty.
Bran and Rickon in the crypts was well done. 
Sansa's scene with Joff was top notch. Loved the Arry scene too, cool set up for next season. Biter looks horrific.
The LF/Varys scene was fun. Pycelle scene... eh. Bit weird.
The Wall scenes were epic. The lads reciting the NW vow was touching, the Night's Watch gathering and riding out gave me chills.
And Dany. God damn, that scene was amazing. The dragons look so cool.
821	Jambo	2011-06-19	The Pycelle scene sets up an absolutely hilarious possibility for next year. Tyrion, Shagga, and hopefully Bronn shave off Pycelle's beard and arrest him, but before they can the old man takes off in the opposite direction at an absolute sprint. Tyrion and Bronn exchange suitable "WTF was that?" looks before someone chases him down.lol, that would be awesome.
822	Aganerral	2011-06-19	Watching on the west coast feed, haven't read the whole thread.  Thought it was interesting that they left out the part of Mirri Maz Duur's speech that said that Dany would be barren from that point onward.
823	Zoren	2011-06-19	The pacing was truly awful. 
Are we led to believe that ravens travel at the speed of light? ? ? Or are we assuming that Yoren wasted two weeks cutting off Arya's hair? Stupid editing. 
The King of the North and Bran/Rickon at Winterfell should have taken place near the end while the scenes at King's Landing should have taken place in the beginning.
					
					
							Edited by Zoren, 19 June 2011 - 11:55 PM.
824	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-19	A little underwhelmed by the revealing of the dragons, honestly. Right or wrong, I always pictured Dany as stepping proudly out of the flames with the dragons draped around her, not huddled in ashes. Jorah was perfect. That scene worked for me big time. The way she cradled the dragon was just like a parent cradling a newborn. You are so amazed at how small and fragile your child is and so frightened to move. When she sees everyone watching and is broken from her trace, she steps out like the queen she is.
825	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-20	The look on Dany's face when she looked up to Jorah after the pyre burned was haunting. Gave me the chills even on the second watch. I would have pledged my life to her too.
826	Sword in the Morning	2011-06-20	The pacing was truly awful. Are we led to believe that ravens travel at the speed of light? ? ? Or are we assuming that Yoren wasted two weeks cutting off Arya's hair? Stupid editing. The King of the North and Bran/Rickon at Winterfell should have taken place near the end while the scenes at King's Landing should have taken place in the beginning....because GRRM writes the books with every event in precise, chronological order--right?
827	israfel070	2011-06-20	Initial impressions: 
DROGON IS ADORRRRRABLE. I thought they were behaving a bit like kittens, did anyone else get a feline vibe as well?
Whoa, was not expecting full-frontal on Emilia. Incredibly tastefully done though.
Pretty much everyone will have something else they wished to see INSTEAD of Maesterobics. I saw some SanSan shippers complaining about that on Twitter. As for me, I would have preferred to see Dany's love scene with catatonic Drogo. It would have been a bit weird, but I'm sure Emilia could have played Dany's utter heartbreak perfectly for us.
The script was SO SLICK. Everything from Greatjon planting the "there are no more dragons" seed early on, to Dany's "I don't want your screams, only your life..." and letting TV fans come to realize the magic by themselves, without clunky exposition... AWESOME.
THE KING IN THE NORTH.
828	laughing tree knight	2011-06-20	did anyone notice a woman in man's fighting gear around the main table in the "KING Of THE NORTH" scene. could that have been Mage Moremomt?
829	Underfoot	2011-06-20	That scene worked for me big time. The way she cradled the dragon was just like a parent cradling a newborn. You are so amazed at how small and fragile your child is and so frightened to move. When she sees everyone watching and is broken from her trace, she steps out like the queen she is.I suppose.It was much less grand that I expected, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
830	Bahimiron	2011-06-20	Awesome, awesome finale.
I guess now we know why they spoiled the "KING IN THE NORTH!" moment in the previews. It happened like five seconds in!
I was surprised that they trimmed Mirri Maz Dur's prophecy (or curse? Or just a nasty statement?) to remove the bit where she indicates that Dany is no longer capable of having children. 
When Sam stood in front of Jon to keep him from leaving I kept hoping that Dumbledore would show up to give Sam 10 points for Gryiffindor since sometimes it takes more courage to stand up to ones friends than his enemies.
Emilia Clarke was great in this one. Nice to see Rickon show up again. That's, what, three times we saw him? They probably have the same issues with him as with the dogs. Little kids frequently bite people and spook horses.
They made the scene with Sansa and Joffrey headspotting a little more aggressive on Sansa's part. It's been a couple of months, but I'm pretty sure that in the book Sansa wasn't thinking of pushing Joffrey as much as she was thinking of jumping. It's a good change. 
I liked the Pycelle scene. It's a little random, very "who are you? The narrator?" but it was a great performance by Walter Donovan and at least the girl wasn't Roz. Could have done without the old man calisthenics. 
I so wasn't sure about Conleth Hill as Varys, so strong was Roy Dotrice's Frank-Nelson-as-Varys voice, but in the end I think the guy's just spectacular.
Good to see a little extra from Arya. Otherwise the clear fan favorite wouldn't have been in there at all. That haircut, though. Dang. I never imagined Hot Pie being that chunky. Dudley Dursley is riding to the Wall, I guess. Also, yay, Gendry! Good thing he called out having been a blacksmith or I doubt anyone would have recognized him.
The end was pretty fantastic, but I'm hells of disappointed that they took out one of my favorite parts. Her calling on Jhogo, Rakharo and Aggo and them refusing because she's a woman only for them to change their mind and declare "blood of my blood!" when they see what she has done.
831	Underfoot	2011-06-20	did anyone notice a woman in man's fighting gear around the main table in the "KING Of THE NORTH" scene. could that have been Mage Moremomt?That was my assumption /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
832	Zoren	2011-06-20	...because GRRM writes the books with every event in precise, chronological order--right?So are you saying that the producers/writers shouldn't try to make some sense out of the timeline ? The Arya scene with Gendry and Hot Pie was OBVIOUSLY a follow-up of the Yoren cutting her hair right after Ned's execution !!! (Yes, I'm aware that in the books such scene takes place weeks later OUTSIDE of KL but in the show such scene happens BEFORE they leave)
833	MrDoog	2011-06-20	Pycelle was a Lannister lackey in the books, nothing more.  He wasn't a "player" like Varys, Littlefinger, the Imp, etc.Actually, what you're saying could be entirely wrong. 
	Spoiler  In aFfC we're constantly given descriptons of Pycelle through Cersei's POV. She describes him as getting more useless and older looking by the day but this could be part of an act of his. He's the only counsellor that ever tries to talk sense into her. He also does nothing to free her, after giving her that Moontea piece of information/rope (and being "too weak of character" to finish explaining why he was giving it to Margaery) He's also currently one of 2 people currently ruling the realm - not bad for a "decrepit" old man eh.
834	iheartseverus	2011-06-20	Initial impressions: DROGON IS ADORRRRRABLE. I thought they were behaving a bit like kittens, did anyone else get a feline vibe as well?Hi, there, you!  With you all the way on Drogon!  I posted this a bit further upthread (even knowing that in the deluge here right after an episode, especially this one, nobody really reads anybody else's posts in the rush to get their own thoughts down on 'paper.'This: I love it that Dany's shoulder-dragon, Drogon, is red. (He was black in the books). Also that while Viserion is nursing and Rhaegal is climbing up her leg, Drogon goes right up for the high ground, spreads his wings and hisses threat and attitude at the people standing there watching. No question who the top dog dragon is in that little group of triplets. Go, Drogon, get your bad self on, and you just a few hours old!
835	ZombieWife	2011-06-20	I was really really apprehensive about the final scene, but I think they pulled it off.  It was heart-pounding.  
They kept Dany's hair, haha.  Interesting move.  I imagine they didn't think the bald-cap would work and they would have to keep changing up the wigs, eh?
Poor Drogo.  Geesh.  
Loved the dragons in CGI.  I think that was my biggest concern.  Dany looked absolutely beautiful.  Just beautiful.  
I cried during the scene where Dany was saying goodbye to him.  Actually, I think I started crying when she first saw him laying there and asked when he "would be back as he was."  
I cried during the scene with Catelyn and Robb (as well as the scene with Bran/Osha and the Maester).  
I also cried during the scene where Jon's comrades came to retrieve him, to repeat the oath to him.  I love Sam!  I just love him!  And the actor is superb.  He IS Sam.  Completely and Wholly.
The only thing that I felt was a bit underplayed was the Mirri Maz part where you realize she was at fault for Drogo's festering wound/death, then his creepy return to life.  I remember feeling so utterly betrayed when reading the book and in the series adaptation, she came across as so sympathetic. Perhaps it's just a testament to the actress who played Mirri.  
I can't wait for a screen cap of Dany with the dragons!  
Finally, I just wanted to say that it's been a joy watching this show with you all.  Now, we can return to our squealing and flapping about in regard to season 2 casting.  
xoxo
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 20 June 2011 - 12:22 AM.
836	laughing tree knight	2011-06-20	I always wondered after reading the book and then the episode if Dany's baby that was "still born" that when described sounds a lot like a dragon.   is there a chance her child was going to look that way anyway?  from the book reading I couldn't tell if it was really still born or they just couldn't bear to let it live or to care for the scaley baby with wings?
just saying initially I thought of course her childs life was taken for the drogo spell and in turn cost the life of the child leaving behind the scaley thing. but what if it just cost the childs life but wasn't responsible for the dragon characteristics. 
I mean a DRAGON sure sounds like a Stallion who could mount the world.
I know it's all moot.
unless Dany every has children again.
837	Mark Antony	2011-06-20	(repost from the "rating" thread)Ah Roz, the girl people love to hate. I have to say I'm not in love with the character but I don't hate her with the venom other people on here do. Still not satisfied with the alteration done with Shae, unlike the others who have been changed slightly (Lysa, Syrio, Lord Frey, Sam) they did not change her for the better or keep the spirit of her character intact. She's the whore I can't stand in the series to be honest with you. all 4 of those characters are very accurate in my opinion not even any slight changes i can think of tbh.
838	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-20	I love it that Dany's shoulder-dragon, Drogon, is red. (He was black in the books). To be fair, he is described as black and scarlet in his first appearance in the novels. Maybe he will darken as he ages /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
839	iheartseverus	2011-06-20	To be fair, he is described as black and scarlet in his first appearance in the novels. Maybe he will darken as he ages /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yes, you're exactly right.  His later appearances just describe him as black.  My observation of HBO Drogon though, was that he seemed, to me anyway, red, perhaps with black points.  Minor quibbling either way, I guess.  Go, Drogon!
840	Grack21	2011-06-20	When Sam stood in front of Jon to keep him from leaving I kept hoping that Dumbledore would show up to give Sam 10 points for Gryiffindor since sometimes it takes more courage to stand up to ones friends than his enemies. Get out of my brain!
841	raj34	2011-06-20	There was no comet...
842	Atia	2011-06-20	Loved it! Not that there was really any doubt about that going into the finale. However, the women especially stole the show tonight.
I was especially pleased with how Sansa's scene turned out. She is a character who has received a lot of hate throughout the first season, a lot of it justifiably so. But as a fan of Sansa throughout the books, I was eagerly looking forward to this scene, in a perverse kind of way - not for the content, of course, but instead since it marks a major turning point in Sansa's character arc. I loved that they kept in Sansa's quote about Joffrey's head, as well as her immediate thoughts of flinging Joffrey from the wall after she is struck. Much has been made of Arya's strength, but this was a moment where Sansa showed what she is made of as well. I was also appreciative of the Hound's role being maintained in this scene. After his background story was given to Littlefinger, I was a little concerned that the Sansa/Sandor relationship was going to be overlooked to some degree, but I now think that this worry might be unfounded. It was good to see the two interact, even in such dismal circumstances.
Catelyn was lovely, as always. Her words to Robb about ruining his sword seemed a bit empty to me, but I suppose we all say peculiar things in times of grief, so I'm not one to judge the dialogue too harshly. Mostly, I loved the way she struck Jaime. I thought we were really robbed earlier in the season when they depicted Catelyn and Tyrion being attacked by the tribesmen on the way to the Eyrie. In the book, Catelyn has a particularly fierce moment where she stabs or cuts the throat of an attacker, but she was a mere bystander in the series. Seeing her take that rock to his head in this episode is an even trade, in my opinion.
I, for one, do not mind Roz still showing up every now and then, but I will say this - the sequence of scenes made the one between her and Pycelle feel incredibly awkward upon my first viewing. I understand the value of inserting an additional scene to show Joffrey's council and how none of them are who they appear to be. But to jump from the emotional and traumatic impact of Dany smothering Drogo to a brand-new scene of questionable importance between Roz and Pycelle? It felt...jarring, to say the least.
But nothing could slow the momentum of Dany's epic final scene. It was fantastic. I was a bit worried about the quality of the CGI dragons going into tonight, but they were perfect. And unusually cuter than I had imagined, not that that's a problem. The combination of this scene, along with the cut of the men of the Night's Watch riding out beyond the Wall, definitely gets you pumped for the second season.
Looking back on the season, I do really appreciate the way that the show gave more time to establishing Theon's character. In the books, I just remember being so taken aback when he became a prominent figure in the second book, since he had seemed so minor before then. Now, it really made an impact to see Theon swear his allegiance to Robb as the King of the North. I was trying not to spoil anything for my boyfriend, who has not read the books, but even I couldn't suppress a scowl as he knelt, knowing what he's about to do.
And Rickon/Shaggydog! I love how our beloved future king of Westeros keeps on popping out of dark corners. Good to see direwolves again, too. I literally squee each time that one appears on screen.
I can think of little complaints here and there, but overall, I am just so grateful to HBO for this first season. I am really pleased with the way it turned out, and I have complete faith going into the second season that they will continue to excel. The entire ensemble is so dead-on, especially with the younger set, that it's truly a pleasure to watch, and tonight's episode was no different.
843	emmank	2011-06-20	They made the scene with Sansa and Joffrey headspotting a little more aggressive on Sansa's part. It's been a couple of months, but I'm pretty sure that in the book Sansa wasn't thinking of pushing Joffrey as much as she was thinking of jumping. It's a good change. Actually I think in the book, the thought of pushing him comes first. Then she thinks a few moments later that she might fall off in the process but that "it wouldn't even matter."I really like this portrayal of Sansa. Sophie Turner is doing a great job, as are the writers, despite the small character changes.I love that they kept that battlement scene pretty much intact from the book. It's one of my favorite Sansa moments, when she looks at Joffrey and says, "Maybe my brother will bring me YOUR head."  And yay! Sandor spoke more than 1 line! Still, Needs More Hound, or at least stop cutting all his scenes......Dragons awesome, Yoren awesome, Gendry yum. Emilia Clarke kicks ass.
844	israfel070	2011-06-20	Hi, there, you! This: I love it that Dany's shoulder-dragon, Drogon, is red. (He was black in the books). Also that while Viserion is nursing and Rhaegal is climbing up her leg, Drogon goes right up for the high ground, spreads his wings and hisses threat and attitude at the people standing there watching. No question who the top dog dragon is in that little group of triplets. Go, Drogon, get your bad self on, and you just a few hours old!Hey!!! Hahaha yeah. I was looking at his teeth and thinking OW NURSING OUCH.Um. So who was it who died early? Did I miss something? I was trying to watch in a loud breakroom at work.
845	Ashas turnip	2011-06-20	For a moment there, with only a few moments left, I thought theyd leave de dragons hangin until next season. I know that wouldn't make sense, but the thought really scared me. But they did show it and I absolutely loved Emilia Clarke in that scene. 
Now I'm going to pretend I didn't like the series, no really I don't. See, I also don't care about the fact that we have to wait a year for next season....  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
846	laughing tree knight	2011-06-20	people should lay off Roz, it's not the her fault she's there with little purpose. it's not that she's there for just sex on the screen. it's that' sex is needed for exposition's sake. 
the implication is that people talk to whores because they don't think they have anyone to tell or so on...
i think it's not a bad choice when you  consider all the exposition that needs to be told somehow for it to be told to whore after sex from this character or that makes more sense than having two main  characters have a stupid conversation where they tell each other things they already know
847	straphe	2011-06-20	Awesome. Just simply awesome. And the dragons are beyond fantastic. I'm so glad the CGI team could make them look so effing real, man. And Emilia Clarke... Even though she was more "broken" in the series than in the books, she did rise up as a queen, ruling over all of them. And Drogon hissing and flapping his wings was a really nice move. Loved it.
The King in the North scene just came out of nowhere, but I have to say, it was powerful. And Theon, making his oath is just heartbreaking. Poor kid. Jaime's and Cat's scene, however... I'm not so sure. I know D&D plans on moving Jaime's story along at a faster speed, but having the "There are no men like me. There's just me" line here and now makes me think that his escape will be succesful early in the second season. But then no Jaime & Brienne scenes, at least until they hook up later on, supposing that they do. Ehh...
Pycelle's scene was hilarious. I'm not a big Ros fan, by now we know her inside and out, and some of her scenes could've been cut or shortened, but if she takes on the role of Alayaya (I sooo love writing here name down, Alayaya, Alayaya) I'm gonna be more than fine with that. Gives Ros some meaning.
848	iheartseverus	2011-06-20	Hey!!! Hahaha yeah. I was looking at his teeth and thinking OW NURSING OUCH.Um. So who was it who died early? Did I miss something? I was trying to watch in a loud breakroom at work.Ran popped into the thread earlier to say that it was Marillion that GRRM had been referring to and that either GRRM had gotten confused about Marillion's fate in season 1, or the script had been later changed (to having his tongue ripped out.)  Someone else then came in with an interview with D&D wherein they were asked why they moved Marillion into season 1 and they basically said they 'couldn't resist.'  So, my take on the whole thing is, he'll still be 'available' later at the Eyrie, if/when needed, just won't be doing any singing...
849	ZombieWife	2011-06-20	I don't mind Roz, but was that her with Pycelle?  I thought Roz had darker hair and was less vapid-looking.
850	Monday	2011-06-20	The scenes were kind of hit or miss for me in this episode. Sophie nailed it, Maisie too. The Lancel/Cersei scene made my day..."when you were young" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Lena's expression was priceless. Dragons were great. Dany was great....but the wig survives to see next season. Boo.I think this is the first nitpick I've ever voiced, but I was actually really disappointed that they kept the hair. For me the bald head was an exclamation point at the end of her transformation in aGoT (I suppose the dragons played a part in that too  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) It highlights her other-worldliness, it's iconic in the series. Right? Riiiight?.... Maesterobics.... /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> Is it just me or has this Shae essentially become Tyrion's Yoko Ono?  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />ETA- KiTN scene felt off. Rushed? Anti-climactic?
					
					
							Edited by Monday, 20 June 2011 - 12:58 AM.
851	iheartseverus	2011-06-20	I don't mind Roz, but was that her with Pycelle?  I thought Roz had darker hair and was less vapid-looking.Really?  Isn't she a redhead?
852	Marsala	2011-06-20	The only thing that I felt was a bit underplayed was the Mirri Maz part where you realize she was at fault for Drogo's festering wound/death, then his creepy return to life.  I remember feeling so utterly betrayed when reading the book and in the series adaptation, she came across as so sympathetic. Perhaps it's just a testament to the actress who played Mirri. Was Mirri responsible for Drogo's wound going bad in the book? There, it was a much more serious wound from the beginning and Drogo stopped using her poultices and went with significantly less sanitary ones made by the Dothraki. In the book, I got the impression that Mirri was helping him at first and never directly betrayed Dany but rather gave her what she wanted until it led to destruction.In the show, it was a small scratch that barely bled (actually, it should have bled much more) and shouldn't have gotten infected so badly without betrayal.
853	fitheach	2011-06-20	I don't mind Roz, but was that her with Pycelle?  I thought Roz had darker hair and was less vapid-looking.Yeah, Roz looked tired in that scene (or bored), none of her usual sparkle and toothieness. I imagine working as a whore for LF and spy for Varys is exausting. (That and all the negative posts she's been getting, must be keeping her up at night.../rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />)
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 20 June 2011 - 01:05 AM.
854	Lady Blackfish	2011-06-20	ETA- KiTN scene felt off. Rushed? Anti-climactic?One because of the other, IMO.  I really missed the mixture of the plea for peace in with the cries for war and independence.  I also thought that Jaime's scene lost a lot of oomph the way HBO did it here.But I adored Sophie and Emilia in this episode though, they really upped their game and especially Sansa's scenes stood out to me.  Jon's part was well done, but honestly that's no surprise since HBO clearly has *got* that character from the start.  Bran and Arya scenes were heartbreaking, Tyrion scenes were fine.  I think it was a nice episode with some good to great parts, but like last week I feel like these parts could be put together into a more artful whole.
855	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-20	I just finished watching it, and I'll probably re-watch it again. Mostly because my HBO GO was having issues, so I watched it on the Xfinity main website. That was a mistake - it was constantly freezing on scenes, something that I've never had happen over at HBO's site. It seems to have sorted itself out, so I'll give it another watch. I likedDaenerys's emotion at the whole situation. She genuinely came across as upset and distraught, including with Miri Maz Durz (the witch woman). The only thing that felt off to me was the witch's lack of emotion. In the book, she's genuinely angry and upset, particularly in the description of how the previous three Dothraki warriors raped her by mounting her like a "dog mounts a bitch" or something like that. Her line to Daenerys, about how life is when everything else is gone, is a gut-punch. That said, she almost made up for it with her death, where she transitioned from singing to screaming when the fire got her.    Daenerys's ending and the dragons. I was worried that the dragons would seem too cheesy, but I think they did a good job with them. I particularly loved how it ended with the dragon cries, just like the final line in the book (about how after hundreds of years, the night was full with the music of dragons).    Jon's ending. Props to Mormont, who was great in his scenes. The final shot of Jon and Mormont's narration was my favorite character arc ending in this episode.    All the scenes with Robb and Catelyn. The best scene in the episode, in my opinion, was the scene where grief-stricken Cat embraces grief-stricken Robb. I was almost teary-eyed myself.    Sansa's scenes. Sansa in the film is definitely an improvement on Sansa in the books. My third favorite scene was the instant when she almost pushes Joffrey off the ledge, but gets pulled back by the Hound. He then tells her, "Save yourself a lot of pain" or the like, but you know he's not just talking about further beatings.    The spat between Littlefinger and Varys. It's always great to see Westeros's "spiders" fighting each other with veiled insults, boasts, and threats.    Theon . . . there's not a lot I can say, other than that it's going to seem tragic. I hope they do his storyline right.    Tyrion was good with Tywin, as usual. You can still tell that his father terrifies him, but he's also pleased at getting his father's praise and need.     Poor Arya. She's got so much crap coming, and she never gets home. And yes, short-haired Arya is a cute little kid.I was pretty meh towardsJon's scenes. I really think the scene where he gets rounded up by his brothers was too short. It wasn't helped by the fact that he did not seem that upset - he needs to be angry. They murdered his father! He is a bastard with no name, no mother, and now not even a father.    Shae. She's better than last episode, but she still feels kind of off.    Bran's scenes. I can't quite put my finger on it, but the whole thing felt underwhelming. Maybe it was just the fact that Rickon wasn't as upset, or that we don't have as much 
of a connection with Maester Luwin (he's close to Bran in the books).    Pycelle's sexposition. It was somewhat interesting to hear him talk about the Kings he's served, but still a rather slow scene.All in all, a good ending to Season One. On to Season Two! I'm particularly looking forward to it because it's based on A Clash of Kings, which is my favorite book in the entire series.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 20 June 2011 - 01:16 AM.
856	SnowBastard	2011-06-20	Did anyone else catch the green wildfire flame in the "play resumes" bit?? Nice nod to the readers!
857	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-20	Now I understand the Pycelle scene. I've got to re-watch that episode again, without the damn freezing of scenes. On to HBO GO!
858	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	My wife, a non-reader, after the Joffrey-Sansa scene:  Who gets Joffrey?
Me: I don't understand.
Wife: Who kills King Joffrey?  At then end.  Somebody's got to do it.  Is it Robb?  Who?
Me: Nobody kills him.  He lives.
Wife: You mean he wins?  Jesus, what did you show me this thing for?
Me: You know, you've been very sick, and you're taking this show very seriously.  I think we better stop now...
Well, the conversation didn't go EXACTLY like that.  But my wife, who is just about the most nonviolent person you would ever meet, wished aloud for Joffrey to die a very gruesome death after she saw that scene (which was fantastically done - my second favorite scene of the episode, behind "King in the North").  My response to her was appropriately coy.
859	Brewmaster	2011-06-20	Truly awesome. I promise I'm not this kind of person, but I was quite literally getting up and fist pumping multiple times this episode. I'm really quite calm and collected watching TV, but when I saw dragons, I was up swinging my fists and saying "fuck yeah!"Shaggydog and the King of the North also inspired fist pumps from me.I will say this though, THIS EPISODE MADE ME FEEL LIKE AN ASSHOLE!  Never again will I dislike Sansa when I read Game of Thrones. How could you see her on the wall and not have your heart break?As somebody that is generally in the Cat/Sansa dislike in of the spectrum when it comes to the book, both characters are much more sympathetic to me in the show. Cat, particularly. My eyes were tearing up when she walks into the woods and breaks down, after maintaining control walking through her troops. The show has actually done a better job with her, IMO. I remember reading once that GRRM was surprised at the amount of dislike readers had for Cat. I wonder if he didn't suggest a few changes to improve on that. She's not drastically changed, but you get more of the sense that she's a tough woman in the show that didn't come across (for me) in the book. She didn't feel deserving of Ned, truth to be told. She does, in the TV show.Another point on Cat tonight that I didn't see mentioned (though I'm only up to page 9 of this thread) is the foreshadowing of Lady Stoneheart. That look in her face when she says "and then we will kill them all..." is planting the seed for Lady Stoneheart. There may be some changes there, I bet its not a 3 day old corpse that comes back, but Lady Stoneheart's "mission" was solidified right there in that scene.I also was starting to wonder/worry that she might be releasing Jaime right there when she had that conversation with him. But they held off, and he didn't finish what he had to say about Bran. I expect they'll have a series of conversations next season now...The Tywin and Tyrion scene was fucking nails. Tywin looses his shit over losing Jaime and Tyrion is truly baffled that he treats him like his son for the first time. And did I mention Dragons? Fucking Dragons? That was great. Yeah, yeah, they didn't burn off her hair...who cares. She woke up with excellent (and I dare I say even cute) looking baby dragons nursing at her breast. Drogon screeching on her freaking shoulder, the first birthing of dragons in hundreds of years. Poor Theon...Poor unspoiled watchers...They are really setting  up the non-readers to be betrayed. He went down on his knee and practically busted out with Aragorn's "If by my life or my death I can help you with your quest..."LOL @ Hot Pie.THE KING OF THE NORTH!
860	julandro	2011-06-20	Okay, yeah, we got dragons...but guys, way more importantly...WE GOT NAKED LANCEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Where the hell is julandro?!Thanks HBO for showing the ass beautiful Eugene Simon.I am eagerly awaiting the second season. Without a doubt, show the sex scenes.
					
					
							Edited by julandro, 20 June 2011 - 01:51 AM.
861	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-06-20	I like Catelyn a lot more in the show  then in the book, she was annoying in the book.Sansa is sorta the same to me, I sympathized with her in the book a lot too.
862	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-20	Blarg. HBO GO must be getting hammered with people watching, because it's freezing too (again, this has never happened before when I was using it). I'll try again tomorrow afternoon.
863	A'shaman	2011-06-20	Just want to pop in and say the dragons were amazing, and thanks to Drogon for my new avatar /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
864	Lord Godric	2011-06-20	Blarg. HBO GO must be getting hammered with people watching, because it's freezing too (again, this has never happened before when I was using it). I'll try again tomorrow afternoon.Clearly you didn't try to get the episode a week early did you? HBOGO has many bugs they have yet to work out.
865	Lord Godric	2011-06-20	Okay, I have one nitpick (we're allowed those once in a while right?). When Tyrion said that his father was the "richest man in the whole country" I cringed. It just sounded so out of place to hear of Westeros, the Seven Kingdoms, be referred to as a country. Perhaps I was the only one bothered by it. But it was like nails on a chalkboard for me. That is the one problem I have with the episode, which means it was as close to perfection as possible.
866	CloudFlare	2011-06-20	Awesome episode, and season!
Jack Gleason really stood out in this episode. He played Joffrey the confident/crazy way I always read him in the books. Sophie Turner has been getting a *lot* better as well.
Ros: I am beginning to think she's going to be an 'escape hatch' for the writers. If the show goes a full seven seasons they may need some way of transferring knowledge from one character to another. She'll probably boff Joff next just to keep their options open.
Overlooked Detail from the Books I: In the books King Robert talks about how the women in KL wear silk due to the heat. Ros's outfit fit that description. I thought that was a nice touche. 
Overlooked Detail from the Books II: Pycelle getting jiggy wasn't totally out of character. He did sleep with his serving girl in the book, which would indicate he's still got some sap left in him. He's been at KL forever, so it's not unreasonable that he's  learned to play the game by staying under everyone else's radar.
Everything else was just pretty damn awesome.
Edit: Cersei bedding seemed a little off. In the books it took until season 2 for that to come to light.  I can see her finding the need for a replacement Jaime, but you would think it would take longer. Jaime and Cersei have always had long breaks in their relationship due to privacy issue.
					
					
							Edited by Sword of Insolence, 20 June 2011 - 02:23 AM.
867	Songstress	2011-06-20	I have a confession to make.
Last week... Ned's death?  I was completely dry-eyed.  I mean, it was moving, and all.  I was utterly fascinated with how they portrayed it, and especially with the job Sean Bean did acting it.   Totally wowed, but I was not even the slightest bit misty.
This week?  Tears streaming down my face with the Cat and Robb scene... and again when Dany smothered Drogo.  
Throughout the season I've not been horribly impressed with Sophie Turner as Sansa - there was always something a little strange and stilted with her delivery that rang wrong in my ears - but tonight, she completely and totally rocked it.  I was so caught up in her scene that I didn't once think about her acting, and as someone who was a theatre minor in college, it's easy for me to get sidetracked in critiquing the acting.
Speaking of rocking it - Emilia Clarke = win.  Girl deserves an Emmy.  
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau... I've always thought of Jaime as a "love to hate" kind of character, and seeing NCW in the part, I think I'm leaning further toward the love (or maybe it's lust... man is a fine specimen even filthy and bloody).  
Agree that the King in the North scene was surprisingly early in the episode, and would have felt more epic and had more emphasis if it had been later.
I'm getting used to the TV version of Shae, slowly.  I did a marathon re-watch of every episode today, and every time Shae was on screen, it was jarring at first.   Not that it's a bad thing, just... I can't tell if I like the change or not yet.  Season 2 will tell, I guess.
And the Varys/Littlefinger scene - oh man, I thoroughly enjoy Varys.  "Do you lie awake at night fearing my gash?"  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
868	Lya Lamora	2011-06-20	Harry Potter was The Fantasy Series of my childhood. After the mess of those movies, I probably would have been happy with a hell of a lot less than this season was. Despite some really terrible scenes, and some really nitpicky things I'd been looking forward to, I think this is the best adaptation of a fantasy novel (aside from "The Princess Bride") that I've encountered so far.
[If anyone happens to know of any film/TV adaptations that serve their material better, I have about three weeks of time to kill with new entertainment /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />]
Most of what I thought about this episode's been said already. I have to add that, during their scene, I was almost wishing I could read some good Arya/Gendry fanfiction- even though I know (and agree with) GRRM's opinion on fanfic. I'm so excited about watching those two actors (and Hot Pie) together next season.
869	Monday	2011-06-20	.... "Do you lie awake at night fearing my gash?"  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />LOL. I'm going to have to go ahead and call dibs on this for my sig.DIBS!
870	Corvinus	2011-06-20	did anyone notice a woman in man's fighting gear around the main table in the "KING Of THE NORTH" scene. could that have been Mage Moremomt?Yep. And we also had Karstark, or at least a guy who delivered Karstark's line from the book: "I will have peace under those terms."
871	snowzombie	2011-06-20	My wife, a non-reader, after the Joffrey-Sansa scene:  Who gets Joffrey?Me: I don't understand.Wife: Who kills King Joffrey?  At then end.  Somebody's got to do it.  Is it Robb?  Who?Me: Nobody kills him.  He lives.Wife: You mean he wins?  Jesus, what did you show me this thing for?Me: You know, you've been very sick, and you're taking this show very seriously.  I think we better stop now...Well, the conversation didn't go EXACTLY like that.  But my wife, who is just about the most nonviolent person you would ever meet, wished aloud for Joffrey to die a very gruesome death after she saw that scene (which was fantastically done - my second favorite scene of the episode, behind "King in the North").  My response to her was appropriately coy.Nice Princess Bride reference /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
872	Anomandaris86	2011-06-20	Overall very good. The dragons looked great, not shitty at all. My only qualm is the King in the North scene. Not so much the placement of it (though that too) but just how goddamn short it is. They rushed through it as quickly as possible and didn't really go into details of the political situation. In the books it was important because they discuss all their options and then the Greatjon comes with this perfect idea out of left field. I don't think the scene will have nearly the same effect for non readers because I doubt they can tell how momentous this occasion really is.I also felt weird about the Pycelle scene, but then as I saw others point out it's purpose here it made a little more sense. Also the Jaime/Cat scene didn't really accomplish anything, because at this point Jaime isn't willing to divulge his incest, whereas in the book Catelyn has already heard the rumor and Jaime admits to it. So in this scene we get Jaime admitting to shoving Bran out the window but he won't tell why. Nothing about the assassin either. There's no purpose to the scene other than maybe a little fan servive of seeing Cat hit Jaime.On the other hand, loved the second Varys/Littlefinger scene. Especially where Varys asks him if he sees the people who made fun of him bowing as he's on the throne, and Littlefinger says something like, "They'll have a hard time bowing without their heads." This scene really drove forward how bitter he is more than the books ever did for me. Is that good or bad? Also that gave a good hint to non readers that Littlefinger was the one who convinced Joffrey to kill Ned.Simplifies the stuff in the Vale I guess... Maybe Lysa's fall is going to be an accident, or caused by another servant or something. It doesn't really matter who the scapegoat is.It HAS to be Littlefinger killing her. Has to!I can't even get upset about the Pycelle scene.  That was HBO's way of saying there wasn't any book material left we had to make up a scene.  I really liked it.  Kind of a nice resolution type episode to whet appetites for next season.You mean preparing us for when we see him jump out of bed naked and piss himself? Unfortunately I doubt that would happen. I don't think the actor would be willing to do that. Still, through his robe there I believe I saw a bit of his junk...Anyone else surprised how much they adhered to the dragon scene.  I toltally expected them to cut out the nursing part.They didn't? I didn't notice any nursing, though as others pointed out there may have been a little. Though they obviously couldn't show two nursing and the other on her head, as they needed one to cover her bush since she doesn't seem willing to show that.Don't be.  There's a whole lot of people that can't get past quibbles and realize soeone with that much screen time has a purpose.  I'm surprised that no one has whined that the part of Pycelle closing the door could've been cut so they could show 2 seconds of something that happened "offscreen" in the books.  I'll say it for the last time this season folks, TRUST THEM.  They've done an almost universally praised job of making a badass series out of badass books.  That is not easy whatsoever. So show some faith: Ros and Shae are there for a reason, the impact of Robb's wolf was made known (a big complaint from last episode), Jaime's rep is being bolstered, etc...  Patience and faith.  Trust me, you'll enjoy things even more if you drop the whining about the little shit you think could be used somewhere else.  It's chess, not checkers!So since they've done a lot of good things, we can't criticize them for anything? We have to take everything they give us on faith? Is that how it works?The "You've ruined your sword" line was great, in my opinion. It's just the sort of trivial thing that's said in the throes of grief. I honestly don't remember if there was an analogous scene in the book, but I prefer the line in the episode to a gushier, more melodramatic one.Agreed.Yes, it's Marillion. GRRM misspoke or misremembered, or they changed the details later -- Marillion has his tongue cut out, but presumably will live. That's the big change to a lesser character that he was thinking about.HBO GO special features confirms it is Marillion. Still, he doesn't die until book 4 anyway...So his statement was wrong on all levels.Alright, I'm curious to what they'll do for Lysa's murder. Remember that she had Marillion in there to play over Sansa's screams. And also a big reason why Sansa was willing to go along with him being a scapegoat was because he tried to rape her. Littlefinger obviously knew this and planned accordingly. I suppose they could just have another singer who does the exact same thing, but it seems pretty pointless.
873	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-20	Amazing finale! 
The dragons were perfect, they actually looked like the dragon skull in mini-format.
Sophie Turner did an awesome job with the "looking without seeing" bit with the heads. So many of the actors were perfect in this episode; Danaerys, Sam, Arya, Yoren, Robb.
And oh, someone needs to make a gif out of Pycelle's morning aerobics, and fast!
"And a one and a two and a three and streeeeeeetch!"
874	Skillet	2011-06-20	Loved the episode, but with one huge problem:
A NAP?!?!?
Please explain to me how the Dothraki + Mormont reach the point where they are sleeping after the fire is blazing. I guess it went something like this: "Our Khaleesi is burning! Who is going to go in after her?  No one? OK, let's sleep on it then."
I'm glad they showed the dragons, since clearly there seemed a point where the episode might end without them. But for some reason, the idea that the whole clan was sleeping while the fire was burning bothered me to no end.
875	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-06-20	All I can say, is I hate to have to wait.  Of course, after waiting for the books, it should be nothing.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
I liked the addition of Pycelle's scene because he's the one person on the council who we have almost zero backstory on.  If you haven't read the next couple books you really have no clue as a viewer what this guy's story is so they had to put in *something* to give him a bit of characterization.  
You could argue that showing him doing the exercises and getting dressed then stooping before he opens the door would have sufficed, but it was a nice book end for the point that he never arrived at with Roz.
876	Skillet	2011-06-20	On another note I thought it was inspirational of the writers to remove Marillion's tongue. One of the things that didn't ring true for me about the end of ASOS is that Marillion would obviously have stated his side of the story, even if no one would have believed him. But in the books, we are just given the explanation that Littlefinger finds a way to keep him quiet. Sorry, but if a murderer accused me of the murder he committed, methinks I might say a word or two in my defense. But now, without a tongue, that issue is solved. Well done.
877	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-06-20	I thought all the components were there, but the machine didn't provide maximum performance.  The Pycelle and Varys/Littlefinger scenes were useless.  The King-in-the-North scene was the most disappointing to me.  I just didn't feel it.
But Joffrey is awesome.  I so don't want him to die now.
					
					
							Edited by WutteAt the Terrible, 20 June 2011 - 02:53 AM.
878	snowzombie	2011-06-20	They managed to make it look like Dany was breastfeeding - that is if you were looking for it. The green dragon was in her lap and as she sat up he was not near her breast, but the initial image gives that impression. 
For me, the dragon scene in the book got some of its power from Dany being told she will never mother a child, and then she hatches the dragons who become her children. Despite giving birth to a stillborn monster baby, her body still had mother's milk to nourish new life. It must be really difficult for women who have miscarried or given birth to stillborn children to still have the aching breasts but no baby to feed. This scene is profound because Dany is a woman. It would not have the same impact if it were a man. 
The writers made some interesting choices - for starters, making MMD's betrayal very clear. Drogo didn't die because he ripped off her poultice, he died because she put some foul stuff on a fairly insignificant wound. But I'm left wondering why Dany wasn't told she'd never have a child. Perhaps because GRRM is going to write about Dany having a child in the future? And not only was the dragon scene powerful because she gave birth to new life after being told she wouldn't, her destiny as a leader seemed precarious because she would never have an heir. 
Anyway, I'm not here to bitch about any choices HBO made, I think this stuff is interesting to consider in terms of what it might mean for her in the future. It's also interesting to think about how they'll keep Robb and Jamie in the mix next year despite them being "off-screen" for all of ACoK. 
Lastly, Sansa. I liked her more in the books - she came across as naive. On the show she was a bitchy Mean Girl. But now it feels like she was played that way to make her arc more dramatic, she went from being someone who didn't appreciate her family and aspired to become a Baratheon/Lannister, to realizing she took her family for granted. She seemed like she had a weak character and not much integrity. Now she has to learn to be strong and remain true to herself while seeming to obey Joffrey.
879	tarantella	2011-06-20	I thought all the components were there, but the machine didn't provide maximum performance.  The Pycelle and Varys/Littlefinger scenes were useless.  The King-in-the-North scene was the most disappointing to me.  I just didn't feel it.But Joffrey is awesome.  I so don't want him to die now.Whaaat.  Jack Gleeson is a perfect Joffrey, but I still can't wait to see Joff get what's coming to him.  So much longer to wait... Now I really, really have to watch this episode, but I'm at university, so I'll have to wait a while still   /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
880	Damocles	2011-06-20	Ros: I am beginning to think she's going to be an 'escape hatch' for the writers. If the show goes a full seven seasons they may need some way of transferring knowledge from one character to another. She'll probably boff Joff next just to keep their options open.What the hell? lol. Can someone interpret this for me? Or is this some kind of literary device that I missed in my creative writing class? Admittedly, there was a lot less ass playing. But for what it's worth, the whole point of Joff's character was that if he had gotten laid, he might have been more sufferable instead of remaining a miserable little immature shit. Tyrion commented on it once to Bronn.
881	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-20	My only qualm is the King in the North scene. Not so much the placement of it (though that too) but just how goddamn short it is. They rushed through it as quickly as possible and didn't really go into details of the political situation. In the books it was important because they discuss all their options and then the Greatjon comes with this perfect idea out of left field. I don't think the scene will have nearly the same effect for non readers because I doubt they can tell how momentous this occasion really is.Well, my brother's been watching the series with me, and he hasn't read the book, and he absolutely loved that scene and was fist pumping "King of the Norrath!" and chanting along with them, and now has started reading the books because he wants to see how "The King of the North" is doing (I'm actually a bit scared how he's going to react to the Red Wedding in third book LOL). He said it was his favorite part of the series, and can't wait to see season 2 because of it, so I think your fears that it won't have the same effect on the non readers isn't very valid.
882	fadingsignal	2011-06-20	Someone asked for an animated GIF of Pycelle's little aerobic routine.  Ask and ye shall receive, LOL!  Although, pardon the 2+MB file size; I don't make animated GIFs so I appear to suck at optimizing them.http://i51.tinypic.com/5n1vyb.gif
					
					
							Edited by fadingsignal, 20 June 2011 - 03:35 AM.
883	A'shaman	2011-06-20	What the hell? lol. Can someone interpret this for me? Or is this some kind of literary device that I missed in my creative writing class? Admittedly, there was a lot less ass playing. But for what it's worth, the whole point of Joff's character was that if he had gotten laid, he might have been more sufferable instead of remaining a miserable little immature shit. Tyrion commented on it once to Bronn.He means that Ros can be used as just that, a device. A plot device. Let's say character A needs to know something, but without the internal monologue's that the books POV structure provides, how can the TV show get character A to learn what he needs to? Exposition...through sex. Ros is the perfect vehicle for this. It's a shame she's only used this way, because I like the actress and her character. In a way, I find Ros is actually UNDERUSED. Instead of fleshing out her character, she's just used so the interesting guys can have sex with her.
					
					
							Edited by A'shaman, 20 June 2011 - 03:38 AM.
884	Rhodan	2011-06-20	With the episode as is with the whole show is that while the adaptation is good, many small jobs are only half-way done. 
- King in the North scene was good but it would have  been better if they said more about King Renly than he just exists now. Stannis is still one mysterious lobster for the noobs. 
-What exactly managed the scene with Cat nad Jaime?
-MMD was surprisingly calm when she was describing her revenge. Also, she was really raped three times already as in the book? Thanks to HBO, that surely didnt look possible.
-Stuff in the KL seemed actually better than the book.
-Danys stuff at the very end could have been a little more faithful but I am not complaining. 
-Jons finale was really the most epic.
-I guess the very end in KL was supposed to be "and so starts the new day for schemers." which simply wasnt so well written Im afreid.
Well, thank you, show. See you later on Dragonstone.
885	CloudFlare	2011-06-20	What the hell? lol. Can someone interpret this for me? Or is this some kind of literary device that I missed in my creative writing class? Admittedly, there was a lot less ass playing. By escape hatch, I mean she will provide an easy way to change the plot from the books, or simplify the complexities of plot, in case the writers can't make the book plot work on the show.From how season 1 has gone, she'll most likely  operate as a little bird for Littlefinger. When LF goes to the Vale the writers will have to keep him up to speed, and Ros is the easiest way to do so. Ros eliminates Alayaya, Chataya's house of whores, the Kettleblacks, Brunes(?) into one character. Maybe we'll see her introduced to Tyrion's circle through Bronn. The amount of screen time between Ros and Theon seems like D&D are setting up them for meeting in the future. Not likely given what supposed to happen to Theon in book 5, but a possibility if they deviate from the script. Edit: Ros could hook up with Oberyn as well. But for what it's worth, the whole point of Joff's character was that if he had gotten laid, he might have been more sufferable instead of remaining a miserable little immature shit. Tyrion commented on it once to Bronn.Yep, and if I got the dialogue right in the last episode, she was pushing Pycelle for hints as to Joff's nature. Possibly on the orders of LF?
					
					
							Edited by Sword of Insolence, 20 June 2011 - 04:04 AM.
886	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-20	Someone asked for an animated GIF of Pycelle's little aerobic routine.  Ask and ye shall receive, LOL!  Although, pardon the 2+MB file size; I don't make animated GIFs so I appear to suck at optimizing them.http://i51.tinypic.com/5n1vyb.gif /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />And now to add some music!
887	CloudFlare	2011-06-20	-What exactly managed the scene with Cat nad Jaime?I think it was to show Jaime one last time before he's dropped into a dungeon for most of season 2. He'll make a brief appearance during his first escape attempt during season 2, and Cat will get the rest of his speech then.
					
					
							Edited by Sword of Insolence, 20 June 2011 - 04:04 AM.
888	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-20	I think it was to show Jaime one last time before he's dropped into for most of season 2. He'll make a brief appearance during his first escape attempt during season 2, and Cat will get the rest of his speech then.I hope we do. Because the "I rarely throw children out of windows to improve their health." line is one that I'll never forget. All we got today was "I hoped he would die." which isn't nearly arrogant enough.
					
					
							Edited by Bowl o' Brown, 20 June 2011 - 04:05 AM.
889	Tyrion Thr Terrible	2011-06-20	I can't believe no one's mentioned the fact that not only did the show runners leave out the fact that Dany is barren, but there was no mention of the stillborn being part of the pyre. Three bodies for three dragons, The Witch, Drago, and the deformed baby (which I was disappointed was not shown to us, I was looking forward to seeing the deformed creature along with her dragons) On another note I thought it was inspirational of the writers to remove Marillion's tongue. One of the things that didn't ring true for me about the end of ASOS is that Marillion would obviously have stated his side of the story, even if no one would have believed him. But in the books, we are just given the explanation that Littlefinger finds a way to keep him quiet. Sorry, but if a murderer accused me of the murder he committed, methinks I might say a word or two in my defense. But now, without a tongue, that issue is solved. Well done.I don't get it, why would D&D make this singer Marillion, it just doesn't serve the story. I've forgotten but which episode we were introduced to the singer in the tavern where Tyrion was taken prisoner by Cat? I wonder if it's the same actor from tonight as the same from that episode from the tavern? Now that I think about it, does anyone remember the singer from the tavern going along to the Vale from the show, like in the book?? I guess my point is if tonights finale had Marillion's tongue cut out than obviously he can't sing anymore thus there is no reason for him to be at the Vale. I hope I'm making sense...
890	fadingsignal	2011-06-20	I can't believe no one's mentioned the fact that not only did the show runners leave out the fact that Dany is barren, but there was no mention of the stillborn being part of the pyre. Three bodies for three dragons, The Witch, Drago, and the deformed baby (which I was disappointed was not shown to us, I was looking forward to seeing the deformed creature along with her dragons) Yeah the whole Dany / Drogo / Witch scenes for the last few episodes have felt sort of stumbling to me in general.  The actress playing the witch was pretty terrible IMO, and the way she just hung around the camp all nonchalant after she essentially killed Drogo and Dany's baby felt awkward.  I didn't feel any aggression, it was like "You killed Drogo and my baby..." "... yeah I did..." "OK glad we cleared that up".As far as the deformed child goes, I think it boils down to budgetary constraints again.  I'm hoping that the restrictions will be lifted a bit now that the series has proven itself -- especially because Season II is going to have some pretty large scenes they won't be able to skimp on!!
891	Theresa R	2011-06-20	The series was a great interpretation of the book from begining to end. There wasn't an episode I didn't like. The only thing I really missed were the dreams, and how important they are for Bran and Dany. Yes, I know we see the crow, and Bran talks about his dreams, but they left out the part about Ned saying that he was sad over something to do with Jon Snow, and the first time he wakes up, there is no mention of the crow telling bran to fly, or Bran looking over the world once he does fly. Even worse than Bran's bad dream interpretation is Dany's lack of dreams. I love the whole "You dont want to wake the dragon, do you? /want to wake the dragon... part? I don't thinks non readers can grasp the importance of her change (seeing herself under Rheagar's helm), or what it truly means that the dragons are back in the world without the dream. It also makes me worry about what they'll do with the house of the undying scenes to come.
					
					
							Edited by Theresa R, 20 June 2011 - 08:12 AM.
892	Dark Knight	2011-06-20	I can't believe no one's mentioned the fact that not only did the show runners leave out the fact that Dany is barren, but there was no mention of the stillborn being part of the pyre. Three bodies for three dragons, The Witch, Drago, and the deformed baby (which I was disappointed was not shown to us, I was looking forward to seeing the deformed creature along with her dragons) If I remember correctly the stillborn baby, in the show as in the books, was disintegrated after the birth. The 3rd living creature on the pyre was a horse for Drogo to ride on in the night lands.And even if not - the baby's life were taken for Drogo's so he's dead and his life can't be taken again...I really liked this episode. But 2 things bothered me - when MMD describes when Drogo will be himself she says everything except the most important thing - "When your womb will bear fruit again"(or something like that)...can't really understand why it was left out.Additionally the whole thing with MMD and the pyre, specifically the scene where Dany says "I learned one thing from you"after sticking her to the pyre and then placing the eggs on it - the moment where MMD's mocking facial expression turns to surprise and fear - I think it could have been used well on TV, but guess D&D don't share my thoughts...Besides that I get the feeling that the whole upcoming Rickard Karstark saga will be left out as there was not mention of his sons dying...
							Edited by Dark Knight, 20 June 2011 - 05:02 AM.
893	Salome Sand Witch	2011-06-20	Yeah, I dunno.  No matter how many people try to justify the reason for Pycelle and Ros' scene I can't buy into it.  It could have been shorter, better written, more integrated into the story, or something completely different which would accomplish all those things.  But I am clearly not a fan of the way they're trying to integrate the character of Ros.  
Thought Lancel's scene could have perhaps been shot/written better.  I thought he was a girl at first as well, and who knows if non-readers will know who Lancel was without the silly purple hat.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> 
I was disappointed that Osha was written in a way that didn't believe Bran (when much of her purpose is to remind us all that the old gods and the mysticism is real).
With that said, loved the dragons, loved Dany, loved the brothers saying their vows to Jon, the scene with Sansa etc. - and Gendry a whole lot more than I expected.  I'm thrilled HBO has done this, and we will get a Season 2.  If absolutely nothing else, no matter the nitpicking, I feel D&D have put a lot of love into this series, and the respect shows.
894	Black Sheep	2011-06-20	Besides that I get the feeling that the whole upcoming Rickard Karstark saga will be left out as there was not mention of his sons dying...Mentioning his sons dying would've benefited nothing, especially when we don't see them dying. Viewers would forget this by next year. I think it WILL be established next season. Karstark would be fleshed out, the death of his sons serving as a backstory, and he'll basically be holding grudge and angst at Robb in his entire appearance. Then Robb would hatch off his head in season 3 (if we ever get around to that) and it won't come out of the blue. And Robb taking Karstark's life is a key plot point in his arc, also comparing him to his father.The scene with Pycelle was weird, not because of the scene itself (I actually think it was good) but rather because of the placement. It felt like an opener for his arc, better suited in the first episode of season 2, to establish his effect on Tyrion's KL story, or in earlier episodes of this season. In a finale of a season where he was quite a minor character, it felt out of place storytelling-wise.Now, Varys and Littlefinger were established as quite important character so their scene didn't come out of the blue, but again, not very much neccesary. Otherwise I'm happy with how the episode handled the transition from first season's arc to that of the second.
895	tarantella	2011-06-20	Did Theon really swear fealty?  Damn, now he's an oathbreaker too.  He just can't catch a break.
896	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-20	Yeah, I dunno.  No matter how many people try to justify the reason for Pycelle and Ros' scene I can't buy into it.  It could have been shorter, better written, more integrated into the story, or something completely different which would accomplish all those things.  But I am clearly not a fan of the way they're trying to integrate the character of Ros.  I didn't see any problem with it... /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
897	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-20	It HAS to be Littlefinger killing her. Has to! Of course LF has to kill Lysa, but it doesn't really matter who they frame.If Marillion is still alive, he'll make an even creepier rapey minstrel as a mute. If not, they'll explain her death some other way. The take-home message and general awesomeness of Lysa's murder is unaffected.
898	King_In_The_North	2011-06-20	Did Theon really swear fealty?  Damn, now he's an oathbreaker too.  He just can't catch a break.There's a lot of ho yay between those guys, much more than in the books.
899	R_Thunder	2011-06-20	I thought Drogon was black, but he appeared red.  
Commander Mormont is so perfect, loved that scene where the Nights Watch heads out.
900	Longasc	2011-06-20	I thought Drogon was black, but he appeared red.  Commander Mormont is so perfect, loved that scene where the Nights Watch heads out.From the final "A Game of Thrones" chapter: "The cream-and-gold dragon was suckling at her left breast, the green-and-bronze at the right. Her arms cradled them close. The black-and-scarlet beast was draped across her shoulders, its long sinuous neck coiled under her chin. When it saw Jorah, it raised its head and looked at him with eyes as red as coals."They didn't show the suckling, but the color of the dragons is as described in the book.
901	Ser Aardvark	2011-06-20	all 4 of those characters are very accurate in my opinion not even any slight changes i can think of tbh.slight changes? Syrio is bald, Lysa is fat, Lord Frey is more decrepit, Sam is more pathetic. I'm not complaining mind you, but the changes ARE there. The important thing is that the heart of their characters is still intact: Syrio is flamboyant but wise, Lysa is a fruit loop, Lord Frey is horny and greedy, Sam is fat and a coward. But Shea...
902	legba11	2011-06-20	First watch (reading through the thread currently)
Great way to end the season, set up next season spectactularly.
The wall scenes were by far the best part of the episode, though I enjoyed Varys and LF again.
I liked that they established the strongest dragon from their first moment.
903	Maginor	2011-06-20	They still have the opportunity to have Karstark's sons be killed in Jaime's escape attempt.
904	Nick Of Troy	2011-06-20	I thought Drogon was black, but he appeared red.  I too thought Drogon was far more scarlet than the books described him, but then again he's still a wee 'un, so we'll see how that changes as he grows. Ultimately though, I'm not too fussed as to how he turns out.  The moment when he peeks over Dany's shoulder was the best  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
905	aeoleron9	2011-06-20	This episode sort of made up for last week's disappointment, the endings to various plotlines are all nicely done. But I agree with the general opinion against the Ros stuff, it's just sloppy writing. If you wanna add stuff that's fine, but at least put some effort into it. It's the same thing with the missing battles: it's fine to skip them for budget reasons, but don't use the dumbest excuse like Tyrion getting knocked out by his own guys. 
So it's back to waiting then, looking forward to season two.
906	Panjer	2011-06-20	The Pycelle scene was brilliant, it illustrates to the Unsullied that he's not the doddering old fool that he seems to be.
					
					
							Edited by Panjer, 20 June 2011 - 07:39 AM.
907	Daena the Defiant	2011-06-20	I'm catching up on my DVR and I'm just in the King in the north scene -- did they cut out Catelyn's plea for peace entirely??Ayup.They also had her saying to Robb "we will kill them all." She sat there stoically (proudly?) as the Northmen proclaimed Robb king, who was openly grooving on it.
908	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-20	Blown away for the 3rd week in a row...the last three episodes of the season were the strongest IMO.  Although this one wasn't quite up to the level of the last two, it was still a powerhouse, and all the major scenes were appropriately moving and effective.General comments:- The opening scene depicting the immediate aftermath of Ned's execution was great at conveying a sense of chaos and confusion from Arya's point of view.  Also a wise decision to carry Yoren's "boy" admonitions and hasty barber work over to this episode, so as not to lessen the dramatic impact of the actual beheading.  Very well done.- Bran and Osha make a great team.  I'm not in favor of cutting the Reeds (as has been speculated may be done) since I'm a fan of both of them, but I suppose if it has to be done, show-Osha is as good a candidate as any to accompany Bran north.  If they do that I still wonder what the hell becomes of Rickon.  Excellent, convincing use of Shaggy in the crypts.  He really did look like a mean little shit of a wolf.- "King in the North" was pitch-perfect for my money.  The only change I would have made would be to delay this scene to 3rd-tto-last, just before the NW marches north.  - Speaking of which, I liked all of the decisions to move material from ACOK into this episode, particularly the NW's movement north, which was a flat-out epic sequence.  For the first time I can remember all season, the showrunners decided to go with a montage/voiceover, which if done correctly (as it was here) can be a very effective means of storytelling.  The Jaime/Cat scene was well-played and made a lot of sense, though it begs the obvious question: what the HELL will Jaime have to do next season, now that his only significant scene from ACOK has been moved to Season 1?  D&D apparently want to take things in a slightly different direction; should be interesting to see exactly what that is.  - Tyrion/Tywin was superbly played.  These are two characters that continually feel as if they stepped straight out of the books, and seeing them together is always a treat.  The "stunted fool" line accompanied by the patented Tywin look-down-the-nose was great stuff.  Even better was Tyrion's understated response to that, and his mixture of shock and redemption at being named Hand.  The Emmy buzz for Dinklage is gaining strong momentum and I believe he'll win it, deservedly so.- The added scenes were OK.  More Varys/LF is always good, and served as a nice reset to exactly where both of them stand at the moment.  Good setup for what's to come.  - Shockingly, I didn't hate the Ros/Pycelle scene's content, although I do feel that it absolutely killed the momentum of the episode (which up until then had been steamrolling along).  The scene itself was actually kind of funny and also revealed a great deal about Pycelle's character that we don't find out until later on in the books (i.e., what a bloody faking fraud he is).  I have to admit to giggling at his calisthentics, and laughing out loud as he remembered to return to "humped over old man mode" before exiting his door.  For what it's worth (not very much, actually) it was my "favorite" Ros scene of the season.  That said, I really hope we see much less of her next year.        - The dragon hatching scene - just amazing.  Emilia Clarke has come so far since Episode 1 (where I didn't enjoy her performance that much).  The scene didn't play out exactly as it did in the books, but it played out immensely well nonetheless.  Her hair didn't burn off - which surprised me - but she is Dany the Unburnt after all.  I suppose it makes sense on some level that if her skin doesn't burn, her hair doesn't either.  No matter...the reveal of the dragons made it all worthwhile, capped off by Drogon's screams, the huge, epic musical crescendo, and the fantastic final landscape shot.  What a way to bring a superb season of television to a close!!My verdict was 9/10 - points deducted only for grinding the momentum to a screeching halt with back-to-back Varys/LF and Pycelle/Ros exposition scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 20 June 2011 - 08:48 AM.
909	Yorko	2011-06-20	I'm not a fan of cutting the Reeds as I'm a fan of both of them,I must have missed something. When were the Reeds cut? Has casting for the second season even begun?
910	legba11	2011-06-20	I will say this though, THIS EPISODE MADE ME FEEL LIKE AN ASSHOLE!  Never again will I dislike Sansa when I read Game of Thrones. How could you see her on the wall and not have your heart break?As somebody that is generally in the Cat/Sansa dislike in of the spectrum when it comes to the book, both characters are much more sympathetic to me in the show. Cat, particularly. My eyes were tearing up when she walks into the woods and breaks down, after maintaining control walking through her troops. The show has actually done a better job with her, IMO. I remember reading once that GRRM was surprised at the amount of dislike readers had for Cat. I wonder if he didn't suggest a few changes to improve on that. She's not drastically changed, but you get more of the sense that she's a tough woman in the show that didn't come across (for me) in the book. She didn't feel deserving of Ned, truth to be told. She does, in the TV show.Another point on Cat tonight that I didn't see mentioned (though I'm only up to page 9 of this thread) is the foreshadowing of Lady Stoneheart. That look in her face when she says "and then we will kill them all..." is planting the seed for Lady Stoneheart. There may be some changes there, I bet its not a 3 day old corpse that comes back, but Lady Stoneheart's "mission" was solidified right there in that scene.I also was starting to wonder/worry that she might be releasing Jaime right there when she had that conversation with him. But they held off, and he didn't finish what he had to say about Bran. I expect they'll have a series of conversations next season now...The Tywin and Tyrion scene was fucking nails. Tywin looses his shit over losing Jaime and Tyrion is truly baffled that he treats him like his son for the first time. Poor Theon...Poor unspoiled watchers...They are really setting  up the non-readers to be betrayed. He went down on his knee and practically busted out with Aragorn's "If by my life or my death I can help you with your quest..."This was Sansa's heel to face turn.  It was perfectly done.  She is damsel in distress for Season 2, we have to like her.  Great work.Definitley foreshadowing Stoneheart.  Too bad it won't happen until 2015 if HBO somehow sticks with something for 5 seasons.Tywin/Tyrion are both great actors, I'm delighted they are expanding their relationship.  It will make the end of Season 3 so much more powerful.  Sardo Numspah (however they spelled his name in Golden Child) rules!Theon does not really betray Robb through his own choices.  He wants his father to take up Robb's plan and plunder Casterly Rock.  Sean Bean has never won an individual acting award. Which makes me mad at the world. I DEMAND JUSTICE. ETC!He should have gotten something for Boromir.  From the moment he gets the ring (in the snowy mountain) till his amazing death at the end of Fellowship, he steals every scene he's on.A few people are talking about Pycelle being weak.  As we currently stand in the books (for another 3 weeks) he is the most powerful man in Westeros.  Tommen is child and a weak one at that.  The kingdom is ruled by whoever he listens to.  That was: Cersei (imprisoned), Loras (crispy bacon), Margery (imprisoned, though in better shape than Cersei) and Pycelle.  His beard may be in tatters, but the halfman who took it from him is hiding in sewers without a friend in the world (he better hope Bran ends up in charge of the north, I can't imagine where else he can end up comfortably).  The Iron Throne is incredibly weak right now, but they currently have no enemies directly threatening them.  Stannis is going to be tied up in the North for a LONG time, Dany is half a world away ruling and the Ironmen are reaving far away.  He hides behind weakness, thats what we saw here, but I don't think you can argue he IS weak.
911	Axon	2011-06-20	- Speaking of which, I liked all of the decisions to move material from ACOK into this episode, particularly the NW's movement north, which was a flat-out epic sequence.  For the first time I can remember all season, the showrunners decided to go with a montage/voiceover, which if done correctly (as it was here) can be a very effective means of storytelling.  The Jaime/Cat scene was well-played and made a lot of sense, though it begs the obvious question: what the HELL will Jaime have to do next season, now that his only significant scene from ACOK has been moved to Season 1?  D&D apparently want to take things in a slightly different direction; should be interesting to see exactly what that is.Almost certainly he will reveal the story of how Aerys burned Rickard and killed Brandon.  I also assume they'll get into a little of his journey back home; the possible cliff hanger being the removal of his hand?  Otherwise it would just be a lot of Jamie smirking and making arrogant commentary.
912	modehead	2011-06-20	I thought the Pycelle scene was very effective (and I normally can't stand Roz scenes.)
We saw him as a schemer, faking how old he was in order to gain sympathy and respect. Perfect ending for him, as he has to be an important character moving forward.
913	MindLikeWarp	2011-06-20	Overall this season was great. The 40 week wait, to see more, will not be fun, but I have to say, I hate the way they portray the whores on the show. They don't seem subservient enough, they backtalk and belittle lords and men with the power to have them killed with one word. In the book, whores are nothing and I don't see them treating lords the way they do. I saw Shae's complaining as more of whining, not yelling and sarcastic wordplay, basically saying "Fuck you". It's weird. Also Shae is not hot enough.
914	MindLikeWarp	2011-06-20	Sorry for the multi-post.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 20 June 2011 - 08:37 AM.
915	MindLikeWarp	2011-06-20	I thought what the witch did was just. She explained it, and I thought what she did made sense. They deserved what they got, and either way she burned for it, but she did what any loyal person would do, which is get back at her enemies any way she could.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 20 June 2011 - 08:40 AM.
916	gedo	2011-06-20	So Pycelle was acting because he knew Ros is a spy. Considering Theon told Ros about the dagger, and it was Varys who knew about the dagger, I guess Ros is a whisperer of Vary (obviously in addition to being LF's whore/spy). If so,  my questions are
Did LF know? When LF told Ros his story, was it his real voice, or was it also acting towards Varys?
If Varys uses whores as whisperers as well, can (TV version of) Shae be his whisperer as well? I guess it was impossible to prepare her for Tyrion. But what if she was actually prepared spy for Tywin? And is thats why Tywin knew about Tyrion's whore and ordered him not to bring her to KL?
					
					
							Edited by gedo, 20 June 2011 - 08:38 AM.
917	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-20	I must have missed something. When were the Reeds cut? Has casting for the second season even begun?Sorry, I was in a hurry when I typed that post so I wasn't plain enough.  It's been speculated that one or both of the Reeds may be cut from season 2, simply because there are so many new potential characters to introduce and limited budget/screen time to do so.  Many believe the Reeds are a logical choice to get the axe.  It's a common discussion topic here in the Season 2 speculation threads.
918	mashiara	2011-06-20	I was so scared the dragons would look silly or fake, I so loved what they did with them. I loved Emilia Clark too. Being a strong Dany hater ever since I first read the books I never thought she'd actually make me care for her character, but she did a fabulous job. And so did the actress playing Sansa, she's shown remarkable promise in the last 3 episodes.
I loved the finale. Yes, the Pycelle scene seemed really weird at first and I actually groaned when I realized that was Rose, but I have no complaints. I just wish we didn't have to wait a year for the next season but heck, waiting is nothing new to us, right?
919	Kaitscralt	2011-06-20	Tyrion referred to Westeros as a country, was this the first time it's ever been stated as such? I know the novels never use that word.
920	Kalbear	2011-06-20	I was disappointed and going completely WTF at the Ros/Pycelle scene. It just felt out of place and conveyed so little information while standing out yet again as sexposition theater. It felt off, especially compared to the other notes. We get the King in the North! We get Cersei fucking yet another member of her family! We get Arya going north and escaping! And we get Maesterobics!
The hell?
I was a bit confused about the loss of the comet. I realize the speech is all in her head at that point, but the comet is important for a lot of other people too. 
I was more confused by them deciding to all hang out overnight while Dany burns. What, were they hoping to have a nice breakfast or something? Also, losing her oaths from her bloodriders was sad. The dragons were great. Bald Dany would have been better.
I wanted the whole camp of the Northmen to scream King in the north. Having the lords say it was okay (though it sounded a bit understated), but then panning back to the camp who has...no reaction at all? That was sloppy.
All in all, it didn't grab me as well as prior eps did. Sansa was absolutely perfect, Arya was great, Tyrion/Tywin was spot on (and completely lifted from the books word for word), Jon was fine if not a bit understated. Dany's heartbreak was great, but the dragon hatching just didn't feel epic enough for me. A good but not great ending.
921	The hairy bear	2011-06-20	Things I loved:The episode starting just were we left last episode.All the scenes with Jon Snow.All the scenes with Sansa and Joffrey.Things I hated:The King in the North scene. It's one of my favourite scenes in the books and it felt weak here. I'm not sure why. Perhaps it was hard to depict that the Greatjon's intervention came after hours of fruitless discussion. Perhaps it's that I was missing Cat's thoughts. Perhaps is that it didn't felt a solemn moment but more like drunken cries around a campfire. But IMO it's certainly on of the scenes with a lowest "awesomness in the show"/"awesomness in the books" ratio.Showing Cersei with Lancel now. A mistake. Cersei does love Jaime in her way, and showing her with Lancel while he learns of Jaime's capture makes her too twisted a character. I would have liked to see how devastated he was with the loss of his lover (that's why he would turn to Lancel at S2).The final scene was badly staged, IMO. The pyre was so small and the flames so tiny that you can't buy for a minute that all the camp went to sleep why Daenerys didn't burn a few meters from them. And no one noticed this young lady sitting among the ashes? Brrr. And there's no way Mormont would have allowed Dany to enter the pyre as it was filmed. The dragons looked great and the acting was fine, but I found the whole sequence badly staged.
922	Kaitscralt	2011-06-20	@ the hairy bear: I was under the impression that the moment she took even a small scald or burn, Jorah would have went in after her. That's how I interpreted his words, anyways.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 20 June 2011 - 09:22 AM.
923	Lannister Fan	2011-06-20	I must be the only one who likes T.V Shae. Open your mind a bit! Yes her demeanor is almost polar opposite to the book, but that makes it more interesting to me. It will be interesting to see how she goes in season 2.
					
					
							Edited by Lannister Fan, 20 June 2011 - 09:22 AM.
924	Ramsay Bolton	2011-06-20	I think it was just two random blokes - they didn't look like the descriptions of Rorge and Biter. Probably not considered worth the effort.I thought they were Rorge and Biter for sure, since the defining characteristics were still there: messed up nose on Rorge and weird-looking teeth on Biter. I wouldn't be expecting a noseless guy, a scar is much more convenient. Biter looked like he could pull off the savage part. They probably got the Lysa-treatment in the show, as in they don't really match the physical description, which is okay since they are relatively minor characters.The hooded guy was most likely Jaqen, not yet cast.
925	Isabella Stark	2011-06-20	what the HELL will Jaime have to do next season, now that his only significant scene from ACOK has been moved to Season 1?  D&D apparently want to take things in a slightly different direction; should be interesting to see exactly what that is.  - Shockingly, I didn't hate the Ros/Pycelle scene's content, although I do feel that it absolutely killed the momentum of the episode (which up until then had been steamrolling along).  The scene itself was actually kind of funny and also revealed a great deal about Pycelle's character that we don't find out until later on in the books (i.e., what a bloody faking fraud he is).  I have to admit to giggling at his calisthentics, and laughing out loud as he remembered to return to "humped over old man mode" before exiting his door.  For what it's worth (not very much, actually) it was my "favorite" Ros scene of the season.  That said, I really hope we see much less of her next year.        -- They only had some of the Jaime-Cat scene.  I think she'll interrogate him further next season.  Also, I expect in season two we'll see Jaime's escape attempt (which, as others have noted would be a good time to kill the Karstarks). There's plenty for Jaime to do.- Also, one other thing accomplished by the Pycelle scene is raising the possibility that Dany will go mad.  ("Aerys was a good guy. Then he went crazy and started burning people."  Then we see Dany burn someone....)
926	Isabella Stark	2011-06-20	I must be the only one who likes T.V Shae. Open your mind a bit! Yes her demeanor is almost polar opposite to the book, but that makes it more interesting to me. It will be interesting to see how she goes in season 2.I like TV Shae also.  She's a lot more interesting than book Shae, and seems like someone Tyrion could really fall for.
927	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	On another note I thought it was inspirational of the writers to remove Marillion's tongue. One of the things that didn't ring true for me about the end of ASOS is that Marillion would obviously have stated his side of the story, even if no one would have believed him. But in the books, we are just given the explanation that Littlefinger finds a way to keep him quiet. Sorry, but if a murderer accused me of the murder he committed, methinks I might say a word or two in my defense. But now, without a tongue, that issue is solved. Well done.What if the murderer, who has complete and total power over everything now, with no due process or innocent until proven guilty, what if that murderer told you that if you fight it and blab then you'll still die but we'll do it slowly and with hot pincers?  Or you could keep quiet and you'll get a quick, relatively painless death.  Either way, you're going to die, would you still speak up?
928	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Overall very good. The dragons looked great, not shitty at all. My only qualm is the King in the North scene. Not so much the placement of it (though that too) but just how goddamn short it is. They rushed through it as quickly as possible and didn't really go into details of the political situation. In the books it was important because they discuss all their options and then the Greatjon comes with this perfect idea out of left field. I don't think the scene will have nearly the same effect for non readers because I doubt they can tell how momentous this occasion really is.I also felt weird about the Pycelle scene, but then as I saw others point out it's purpose here it made a little more sense. Also the Jaime/Cat scene didn't really accomplish anything, because at this point Jaime isn't willing to divulge his incest, whereas in the book Catelyn has already heard the rumor and Jaime admits to it. So in this scene we get Jaime admitting to shoving Bran out the window but he won't tell why. Nothing about the assassin either. There's no purpose to the scene other than maybe a little fan servive of seeing Cat hit Jaime.On the other hand, loved the second Varys/Littlefinger scene. Especially where Varys asks him if he sees the people who made fun of him bowing as he's on the throne, and Littlefinger says something like, "They'll have a hard time bowing without their heads." This scene really drove forward how bitter he is more than the books ever did for me. Is that good or bad? Also that gave a good hint to non readers that Littlefinger was the one who convinced Joffrey to kill Ned.It HAS to be Littlefinger killing her. Has to!You mean preparing us for when we see him jump out of bed naked and piss himself? Unfortunately I doubt that would happen. I don't think the actor would be willing to do that. Still, through his robe there I believe I saw a bit of his junk...They didn't? I didn't notice any nursing, though as others pointed out there may have been a little. Though they obviously couldn't show two nursing and the other on her head, as they needed one to cover her bush since she doesn't seem willing to show that.So since they've done a lot of good things, we can't criticize them for anything? We have to take everything they give us on faith? Is that how it works?Agreed.HBO GO special features confirms it is Marillion. Still, he doesn't die until book 4 anyway...So his statement was wrong on all levels.Alright, I'm curious to what they'll do for Lysa's murder. Remember that she had Marillion in there to play over Sansa's screams. And also a big reason why Sansa was willing to go along with him being a scapegoat was because he tried to rape her. Littlefinger obviously knew this and planned accordingly. I suppose they could just have another singer who does the exact same thing, but it seems pretty pointless.Didn't say you couldn't criticize them, just poking at the people who are going apoplectic about trivial little things because they're different from the books.  It's more of a 'you shouldn't complain so much about stupid little things' admonition than a 'you can't complain about stupid little things' because it comes off as childish, unappreciative and many times downright arrogant. I think they proved beyond a doubt that there are good reasons for all the choices they've made.  So basically, chill out because you (not you specifically, but the wailing masses) sound silly.
929	End of Disc One	2011-06-20	I like TV Shae also.  She's a lot more interesting than book Shae, and seems like someone Tyrion could really fall for.Yeah, and I think if they can make this Shae seem to fall for Tyrion, it makes the end of their story much more heartbreaking.
930	Ser_Niall	2011-06-20	Epic episode, exceeded my personal expectations.Notable parts for me:1) The dragons (of course)!!!  That scene was as epic as it needed to be, and the dragons looked amazing.  I also liked the little kiss Dany gives Ser Jorah before walking into the pyre.  Sets up him falling in love with her throughout the rest of the series.2) The Joffrey/Sansa scene.  Done perfectly, if you didn't hate Joffrey before this scene, you sure as hell hate his guts now.3) King in the North!!!  I like how they focused on Theon as he swore loyalty to Robb.  It will make his betrayal that much more emotionally startling for the non-book viewers.OK, then. You're cool with me. It just frustrates me when people don't get why piracy is likely to deprive them of the very thing they love so much.Just an OT comment on this.  I don't know if the individual cable companies dictate price, or if its HBO, but if they charged a consistent realistic price for it, less people would pirate the shows.  I have comcast, and looked into getting HBO before GoT started.  They wanted to charge me what amounted to 1/3 of my current cable bill for it.  My parents get HBO, and they get charged $10 a month - totally reasonable.  I tried to get that price, or something close to it, and comcast acted like I was crazy.That being said, I watch GoT at my parents house.  I bet most people who download the show will end up buying the series when its released on dvd and blu-ray.
931	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	This was Sansa's heel to face turn.  It was perfectly done.  She is damsel in distress for Season 2, we have to like her.  Great work.Definitley foreshadowing Stoneheart.  Too bad it won't happen until 2015 if HBO somehow sticks with something for 5 seasons.Tywin/Tyrion are both great actors, I'm delighted they are expanding their relationship.  It will make the end of Season 3 so much more powerful.  Sardo Numspah (however they spelled his name in Golden Child) rules!Theon does not really betray Robb through his own choices.  He wants his father to take up Robb's plan and plunder Casterly Rock.  Uh, whut?  He deviates from Balon's instructions to him to go take Winterfell.  It was entirely his decision, nobody made him but him.  That's if I recall correctly, but I'm pretty sure the only one to blame for that is Theon.  He also personally kills a few retainers (again iirc) and kills the two kids he displays as rickon and Bran.  Seriously, Theon's a shit who turned on his surrogate family on his own and for his own self.  Please correct me if I am wrong.
932	Yorko	2011-06-20	Sorry, I was in a hurry when I typed that post so I wasn't plain enough.  It's been speculated that one or both of the Reeds may be cut from season 2, simply because there are so many new potential characters to introduce and limited budget/screen time to do so.  Many believe the Reeds are a logical choice to get the axe.  It's a common discussion topic here in the Season 2 speculation threads.Thank you for clarifying.
933	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	I like TV Shae also.  She's a lot more interesting than book Shae, and seems like someone Tyrion could really fall for.It seems pretty clear that HBO is setting up the big betrayers (Theon, Shae, Bronn) to be more endearing to their betrayees.  Theon's to-be-broken fealty and vow of brotherhood and calls for revenge make it seem almost impossible for him to do what he does.  Same with Shae, she's actually more than just a complete golddigging whore and as such is a more valuable "conquer" for Tyrion as well as plant real seeds of real affection/love from Tyrion to her.  His cynicism makes it hard to believe that he'd fall for a camp follower who he's paying, so making her hard to get (relatively, remember she IS a whore) makes the fall and the betrayal even harder.  And Bronn isn't exactly a betrayal of course, but he's a lot more of a friend to Tyrion thus far than he was in the book.  So when he basically walks away from Tyrion saying "We're not friends", it makes the "betrayal" a lot harder to take.
934	Timekeeper	2011-06-20	Jack Gleeson is truly an epic little shit. If he keeps playing Joff with this much style, I will pop the champagne and launch illegal fireworks when the Purple Wedding airs.
WHY KEEP JAQEN HODDED? WRY!? They just like teasing us too much. They know we can't take the suspense, and want us seated on the edge of our chairs for all the time it'll take to get to season 2. And whoever knew Pycelle was actually so limber? It's good to see that Varys and LF aren't the only ones who know the rules of the game. Never let the other players see your moves or know what you have planned. It's either that, or he must have lead weights sewn into the seams of his robes with the way he struggles.
The appetizers of Shaggy and Ghost were good, but left me wanting more. At least they built up the appetite for dragons, and that was delivered with relish. I was shivering seeing Drogon crawling up over Dany's shoulder.
The Old Bear's responses to Jon after the night ride, as well as his monologue at the start of the Great Ranging. Powerful stuff. Season 2 will be explosive.
Poor Robb, seeing him that distraught. With how much he's being played up in the series, that'll make it all the harder once the Red Wedding rolls by. Sean Bean v2.0.
"There no men like me. Only me." ...eh, close enough.
...so, how long before season 2 starts? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
935	Kaitscralt	2011-06-20	Uh, whut?  He deviates from Balon's instructions to him to go take Winterfell.  It was entirely his decision, nobody made him but him.  That's if I recall correctly, but I'm pretty sure the only one to blame for that is Theon.  He also personally kills a few retainers (again iirc) and kills the two kids he displays as rickon and Bran.  Seriously, Theon's a shit who turned on his surrogate family on his own and for his own self.  Please correct me if I am wrong.You're not wrong, but I suppose it is worth remembering that Theon arrived at the Iron Islands with the intent of remaining loyal to Robb. He wanted to conquer Casterly Rock for Robb and noted how it would be the greatest achievement of the Ironborn. So he wanted to help both families.Of course, getting bitchslapped by your father should not automatically shift your allegiances, hence why we all loathe Theon to some degree.
936	Greywolf2375	2011-06-20	Didn't say you couldn't criticize them, just poking at the people who are going apoplectic about trivial little things because they're different from the books.  It's more of a 'you shouldn't complain so much about stupid little things' admonition than a 'you can't complain about stupid little things' because it comes off as childish, unappreciative and many times downright arrogant. I think they proved beyond a doubt that there are good reasons for all the choices they've made.  So basically, chill out because you (not you specifically, but the wailing masses) sound silly.And maybe to those people those items aren't trivial or that things that are proven beyond a doubt to you aren't so to them.
937	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	And maybe to those people those items aren't trivial or that things that are proven beyond a doubt to you aren't so to them.That's why I counsel 'wait and see' instead of 'wail like a newborn' because their affronts pretty much turn trivial when the showmakers finish their job.  Some of the complaints about screentime and which events get showed have been absolutely pathetic.  I'm not talking about minor disagreements, I'm talking about the hardcore complainers.
938	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-20	The Old Bear's responses to Jon after the night ride, as well as his monologue at the start of the Great Ranging. Powerful stuff. Season 2 will be explosive.Totally agree with this. Hopefully they crank up the CGI for the direwolves too. I hope they concentrate more on the Ranging in season 2 since they don't have much to show on Dany's side of things.  Stannis, Renly, Tyrion, The Old Bear and Jon, Theon will probably be the focus next season. I don't have much hope for Renly but hopefully the others give some powerful performances. Its funny to see that Robb was just aimlessly hacking at tree bark after the rife speculation of the past week. Still think it would have been better to make Jaime light by a hand. Sophie Turner is unfortunate in that she's playing a character openly reviled by book readers and I don't think her acting is endearing her to TV viewers either. Feel sorry for her. I actually prefer Ros to Shae. Ros is more attractive and can act better, but its a shame all she's given are sexposition scenes. Would have been better to have her take Shae's place. It would be just typical of Martin to have Pycelle outwit LF and Varys in the end. I don't know if his acting stooped is a touch by the directors or some private info shared by Martin. Dany's ending scene was well done although it would have been better to transition immediately from the flames to the dragons but I'm not complaining. Its still a 10/10 episode and an improvement over episode 8 and 9.
					
					
							Edited by Podrick + Arya = Win, 20 June 2011 - 10:35 AM.
939	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	Didn't say you couldn't criticize them, just poking at the people who are going apoplectic about trivial little things because they're different from the books.  It's more of a 'you shouldn't complain so much about stupid little things' admonition than a 'you can't complain about stupid little things' because it comes off as childish, unappreciative and many times downright arrogant. I think they proved beyond a doubt that there are good reasons for all the choices they've made.  So basically, chill out because you (not you specifically, but the wailing masses) sound silly.That's what happens on the Internet. People rant and complain more than they would do if they actually were talking to the people that are behind the things they are discussing. Anonymity brings out the worst in people.
940	Valmy	2011-06-20	WHY KEEP JAQEN HODDED? WRY!? They just like teasing us too much.I just figured because they had not casted him yet.  He is a pretty important character in season 2.
941	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Totally agree with this. Hopefully they crank up the CGI for the direwolves too. I hope they concentrate more on the Ranging in season 2 since they don't have much to show on Dany's side of things.  Stannis, Renly, Tyrion, The Old Bear and Jon, Theon will probably be the focus next season. I don't have much hope for Renly but hopefully the others give some powerful performances. Its funny to see that Robb was just aimlessly hacking at tree bark after the rife speculation of the past week. Still think it would have been better to make Jaime light by a hand. Sophie Turner is unfortunate in that she's playing a character openly reviled by book readers and I don't think her acting is endearing her to TV viewers either. Feel sorry for her. I actually prefer Ros to Shae. Ros is more attractive and can act better, but its a shame all she's given are sexposition scenes. Would have been better to have her take Shae's place. It would be just typical of Martin to have Pycelle outwit LF and Varys in the end. I don't know if his acting stooped is a touch by the directors or some private info shared by Martin. Dany's ending scene was well done although it would have been better to transition immediately from the flames to the dragons but I'm not complaining. Its still a 10/10 episode and an improvement over episode 8 and 9.Perhaps this will change in upcoming seasons.  For one, GRRM has said she's well liked and her role will be expanded a bit, though that doesn't necessarily mean she won't be outside of sexposition scenes.  But her character is extremely well placed to take the place of many different characters or events. She's most likely a Varys spy and most likely a LF spy as well, with undetermined loyalty.  With the expanded bromantic rivalry between Varys (Realm first) and LF (me first), it could lead to some great storylines/events.
942	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	That's what happens on the Internet. People rant and complain more than they would do if they actually were talking to the people that are behind the things they are discussing. Anonymity brings out the worst in people.As does people getting called out for having their undergarments in a bind!
943	ZombieWife	2011-06-20	Really?  Isn't she a redhead?I thought darker red hair.  I could be wrong.  It just didn't seem like her.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
944	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Another note as to my 'wait and see' admonitions.  D & D have read book 5.  Many things that they've changed may seem like poor choices to viewers, but they really DO know more than even the diehardiest book fans do.  Another reason not to get all willy nilly over stuff that you think is out of place or wrong.
945	BastardSon	2011-06-20	I might be remembering wrong but in the books don't we find out Cersei was sleeping with Lancel the whole time. That's how she got him to give Robert the poisoned wine.
Also I think that as the show goes on, HBO won't follow the order of the books. It would be hard to give major characters no or few scenes for a whole season. So I don't expect each season to correspond to each book.
					
					
							Edited by BastardSon, 20 June 2011 - 10:54 AM.
946	legba11	2011-06-20	Uh, whut?  He deviates from Balon's instructions to him to go take Winterfell.  It was entirely his decision, nobody made him but him.  That's if I recall correctly, but I'm pretty sure the only one to blame for that is Theon.  He also personally kills a few retainers (again iirc) and kills the two kids he displays as rickon and Bran.  Seriously, Theon's a shit who turned on his surrogate family on his own and for his own self.  Please correct me if I am wrong.Theon is a shit (he doesn't consider the little people he killed of any consequence), but he did not kill Bran and Rickon and he fully intended to carry out Robb's plan when he went to Balon.  He takes Winterfell because he can and he's tired of being everyone's bitch (including his sister's).  I'm not saying he's loyal to Robb at that point, he's a dog who's been smacked around too much at that point.  However, his treachery is not directly against Robb (he's certainly not loyal to him either at that point).  Not that Robb shouldn't have caught him and hung him (if only he had the chance...).  This again the Stark failure at the Game of Thrones.  They expect everyone to do the right thing and honor their bows.  Robb is no better than his dad and sadly they are sitting in their graves side by side (or will be eventually).
947	Bronn Stone	2011-06-20	I really disagree with those who think Catelyn's "you've ruined your sword" line was lame. Personally I think that's exactly the sort of thing a mother like Catelyn would say in that situation. It might have worked even a bit better to have her say nothing and just catch Robb's eye to have him come to her, but what she did say is fine. Pointing out to him directly that there are better ways to express his grief and anger would have been much worse and more embarrassing, or even belittling to Robb. Focusing on the minor issue of dulling the sword was actually a good way for her to get him to refocus while still saving face.Robb was having a childish temper tantrum and needed to be refocused.  He's Lord of Winterfell at that point and can't afford childish outbursts.  It was a perfect way for his mother to remind him of his duty without being too overt.What I liked:Cat and Jaime: I wanted more, but at least they got my sig, right?  Great scene.  Jaime doesn't have enough to do in ACoK.  I think they will drag the conversations between Cat and Jaime out over several sessions over the course of the season.  They had to leave some parts of the story unrevealed to give them a reason to speak down the line.When Sam stood in front of Jon to keep him from leaving I kept hoping that Dumbledore would show up to give Sam 10 points for Gryiffindor since sometimes it takes more courage to stand up to ones friends than his enemies.Samwell is DEFINITELY in Hufflepuff.Uh, whut?  He deviates from Balon's instructions to him to go take Winterfell.  It was entirely his decision, nobody made him but him.  That's if I recall correctly, but I'm pretty sure the only one to blame for that is Theon.  He also personally kills a few retainers (again iirc) and kills the two kids he displays as Rickon and Bran.  Seriously, Theon's a shit who turned on his surrogate family on his own and for his own self.  Please correct me if I am wrong.But once Balon dictated the choice of target, Theon's choices were to abandon his family, heritage and hopes of succeeding his father or attack those whom the Lord of Sea and Salt has declared the enemies of his house.  A soldier does not get to pick his enemies.  That is for the leaders to do.  Theon tried to convince Balon to follow Robb, but old Greyjoy would have none of it.  We have numerous examples throughout ASOIAF of characters who have or may have put aside their personal oaths to follow the orders of their Liege Lords, plus other examples of individuals punished or reviled for NOT doing so (Stannis and the Florents for the former, Darry and Frey for the latter).  Just because we are closer to it when it happens to Theon doesn't make it inherently any different.My favorite little tidbit from the episode, the circle of fire in which the dragons were hatched to me evoked the circle of dead wildlings in the prologue.  A Song of Ice and Fire, and tying the ending back in to the beginning.  Loved it.
948	kungtotte	2011-06-20	Motherfucking dragons, y'all.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON TWO!
949	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Theon is a shit (he doesn't consider the little people he killed of any consequence), but he did not kill Bran and Rickon and he fully intended to carry out Robb's plan when he went to Balon.  He takes Winterfell because he can and he's tired of being everyone's bitch (including his sister's).  I'm not saying he's loyal to Robb at that point, he's a dog who's been smacked around too much at that point.  However, his treachery is not directly against Robb (he's certainly not loyal to him either at that point).  Not that Robb shouldn't have caught him and hung him (if only he had the chance...).  This again the Stark failure at the Game of Thrones.  They expect everyone to do the right thing and honor their bows.  Robb is no better than his dad and sadly they are sitting in their graves side by side (or will be eventually).Robb is the Lord of Winterfell.  Theon attacked and conquered, however briefly, Winterfell on his own as part of his own ambitions and with full knowledge that he would be killing many, many people that have helped raise him.  That's a direct betrayal of Robb on more than one level, and I don't see how it can be stated otherwise at all.  And no he didn't kill B and R, just two other little boys that he knew to sub for their bodies.  That doesn't really elevate his standing.  Theon directly betrays Robb and everyone else he grew up with, period.
950	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Robb was having a childish temper tantrum and needed to be refocused.  He's Lord of Winterfell at that point and can't afford childish outbursts.  It was a perfect way for his mother to remind him of his duty without being too overt.Jaime doesn't have enough to do in ACoK.  I think they will drag the conversations between Cat and Jaime out over several sessions over the course of the season.  They had to leave some parts of the story unrevealed to give them a reason to speak down the line.Samwell is DEFINITELY in Hufflepuff.But once Balon dictated the choice of target, Theon's choices were to abandon his family, heritage and hopes of succeeding his father or attack those whom the Lord of Sea and Salt has declared the enemies of his house.  A soldier does not get to pick his enemies.  That is for the leaders to do.  Theon tried to convince Balon to follow Robb, but old Greyjoy would have none of it.  We have numerous examples throughout ASOIAF of characters who have or may have put aside their personal oaths to follow the orders of their Liege Lords, plus other examples of individuals punished or reviled for NOT doing so (Stannis and the Florents for the former, Darry and Frey for the latter).  Just because we are closer to it when it happens to Theon doesn't make it inherently any different.My favorite little tidbit from the episode, the circle of fire in which the dragons were hatched to me evoked the circle of dead wildlings in the prologue.  A Song of Ice and Fire, and tying the ending back in to the beginning.  Loved it.Balon didn't dictate Winterfell as Theon's target.  Balon wasn't interested at all in Winterfell iirc because it's too remote and the area is too hard to hold because of it's size.  Theon decided, on his own and against his orders, to go to WF.Nice observation on the pattern.  Seems like the prologue was so, so long ago...
951	Sega AM2	2011-06-20	I might be remembering wrong but in the books don't we find out Cersei was sleeping with Lancel the whole time. That's how she got him to give Robert the poisoned wine.She only sleeps with Lancel after she 'knows' that Jaime has been killed by the Starks. She sees him as the closest thing to Jaime and starts sleeping with him and using him to spy on other people. Her using him to get Robert hammered happened before she started sleeping with him.
952	Easy	2011-06-20	4. Tyrion/Tywin stuff was good, but Shae still gets on my nerves. She is far too assertive IMO, at this point I realize that they're just changing her character, but I don't really get why. Ah well, not terribly important.They're trying to show her feisty assertiveness as the trait that makes Tyrion like Shae. Which doesn't work well imo and nowhere near as well as the feisty wittiness she displays in the book. We all know that's what really attracts Tyrion to her.They should have kept that. It's not that hard to do on screen. There have plenty of comedy romances where the female lead is similar to Shae in the books.Very very minor gripe. Let not it detract from the awesomeness of this show.
953	Bronn Stone	2011-06-20	Balon didn't dictate Winterfell as Theon's target.  Balon wasn't interested at all in Winterfell iirc because it's too remote and the area is too hard to hold because of it's size.  Theon decided, on his own and against his orders, to go to WF.Nice observation on the pattern.  Seems like the prologue was so, so long ago...But Balon had dictated that the Starks were the enemy.  Once your liege lord has declared an enemy, you fight them as best you can.  Taking Winterfell was a brilliant stroke of tactics.  Of course, it was followed up by the incredible foolishness of letting Rickon and Bran escape and trying to hold the castle.  Had Theon taken the boys immediately for Pyke (as Asha points out), he'd have been a hero to his people and earned the respect of his father.  Instead, he got what he got.There is a line in a somewhat cheesy old movie (I think it is They Died With Their Boots On), a soldier who disobeys orders earns either a court-martial or a medal.  Theon disregarded Balon's orders, but I don't think Balon would have objected to his son taking Winterfell.  Trying to hold it was stupid.  But the taking itself was inspired soldiering.
954	Easy	2011-06-20	I actually wanted the the dragon scene and the entire season to end with a close up on Drogon where he unleashes a burst of dragon flame which engulfs the entire screen - cut to credits.
Nevertheless, the scream echoing around the world worked goosebumpingly well.
955	legba11	2011-06-20	Robb is the Lord of Winterfell.  Theon attacked and conquered, however briefly, Winterfell on his own as part of his own ambitions and with full knowledge that he would be killing many, many people that have helped raise him.  That's a direct betrayal of Robb on more than one level, and I don't see how it can be stated otherwise at all.  And no he didn't kill B and R, just two other little boys that he knew to sub for their bodies.  That doesn't really elevate his standing.  Theon directly betrays Robb and everyone else he grew up with, period.Guess we'll disagree, I see it as a betrayal of Robb as much as ambition (poorly directed, but thats another story) and anger.  He can't be loyal to everyone in the situation he's in and he's tired of being kicked around.  So he lashes out and does something destructive and "status gaining", which is exactly what he needs there.  I don't see a child who lashes out on his parents as being disloyal, but merely expressing his anger.Not that any of this makes him a better person (in my eyes) as I said, he is a shit and a horrible person.
956	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	Okay, I have one nitpick (we're allowed those once in a while right?). When Tyrion said that his father was the "richest man in the whole country" I cringed. It just sounded so out of place to hear of Westeros, the Seven Kingdoms, be referred to as a country. Perhaps I was the only one bothered by it. But it was like nails on a chalkboard for me. That is the one problem I have with the episode, which means it was as close to perfection as possible.I have to say, I noticed it as well.  It wasn't quite "nails-on-a-chalkboard" for me,  but it definitely felt out of place.  I rationalized it by telling myself that "country" doesn't necessarily mean a nation-state like we use it today, but can simply mean a large area of land.  I think it can work with that meaning, although it still seemed an odd choice of words.
957	Bronn Stone	2011-06-20	I have to say, I noticed it as well.  It wasn't quite "nails-on-a-chalkboard" for me,  but it definitely felt out of place.  I rationalized it by telling myself that "country" doesn't necessarily mean a nation-state like we use it today, but can simply mean a large area of land.  I think it can work with that meaning, although it still seemed an odd choice of words.'Realm' would have been a much better term.
958	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	But Balon had dictated that the Starks were the enemy.  Once your liege lord has declared an enemy, you fight them as best you can.  Taking Winterfell was a brilliant stroke of tactics.  Of course, it was followed up by the incredible foolishness of letting Rickon and Bran escape and trying to hold the castle.  Had Theon taken the boys immediately for Pyke (as Asha points out), he'd have been a hero to his people and earned the respect of his father.  Instead, he got what he got.There is a line in a somewhat cheesy old movie (I think it is They Died With Their Boots On), a soldier who disobeys orders earns either a court-martial or a medal.  Theon disregarded Balon's orders, but I don't think Balon would have objected to his son taking Winterfell.  Trying to hold it was stupid.  But the taking itself was inspired soldiering.I disagree with you entirely. His liege lord declared the Starks enemies, but he also decreed Theon was to do other things that Theon then ignored.  I don't recall, but didn't the fact that Theon's group wasn't where it was supposed to be become a problem for other raiding groups?  Considering the fact that Balon said he didn't want Winterfell, I fail to see how he would be happy about it period, much less at the cost of the plans and direct orders he made for Theon's and Asha's groups.  Taking something you can't hold isn't brilliant tactics or strategy, it's foolish and rash and was entirely of Theon's doing (which was the point I was arguing overall here, someone was mitigating Theon's actions in turning against Robb).  He got what he got because it was stupid for him to do it in the first place and Balon knew it and that's why he had Theon doing other things.
959	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Guess we'll disagree, I see it as a betrayal of Robb as much as ambition (poorly directed, but thats another story) and anger.  He can't be loyal to everyone in the situation he's in and he's tired of being kicked around.  So he lashes out and does something destructive and "status gaining", which is exactly what he needs there.  I don't see a child who lashes out on his parents as being disloyal, but merely expressing his anger.Not that any of this makes him a better person (in my eyes) as I said, he is a shit and a horrible person.I don't see how you can equate what Theon did with a child lashing out against his parents.  Unless by lashing out you mean a child savagely murdering the parents families and friends as well as a few others that are intended to make the parents think even more of their loved ones are dead.  So other than murder on a mass scale, yeah, it's exactly like a child lashing out.../lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Theon flat out betrayed Robb.  No other way around it and I can't see for the life of me how it could be viewed any other way.
960	Valmy	2011-06-20	Theon flat out betrayed Robb.  No other way around it and I can't see for the life of me how it could be viewed any other way.Theon is a habitual turncloak.  First by swearing his loyalty to the Starks and then again by betraying them.  He just wants so desperately to be loved and respected.
961	PestilencE	2011-06-20	Interestingly, Cat did not vouch for making peace...
962	Andhaira	2011-06-20	What a fantastic episode! The dragons were AWESOME (or at least the one we really gfot to saw.) So glad they decided to splurge on the CGI for this. 
Pycell's workout was funny, though I wish they had kept it for season 2, when Tyrion uncovers him. 
Oh and Roz AGAIN! :x
They had Marillion's tongue ripped out. It appears he will not be the one to be implicated with doing a certain deed at the end of season 3. 
The King in the North scene was quite well done. It gave me chills to watch it. So did the Old Bears mini speech and the Nights Watch riding out for beyond the wall. 
What a fantastic first seasons. Truly beyond all expectations. What's more, the ratings are solid. It's really starting to look like we will be able to see the entire series on screen.
963	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-20	A strong finale, IMO. One of the best episodes of the season.Cool:Both Emilia (Dany), Jack (Joffrey) and Sophie (Sansa) deliver some of the their best performances in this episode. I really liked Emilia's performance when she learns about her dead baby, and her scenes with Drogo. Sophie's scene with Jack (Joffrey) was also very good.The Night's Watch rides out to the north. This was the last scene from the Night Watch in season one, and they did a good job of adding a bit of cinematic drama as the men leave Castle Black.Ros and Maester Luwin. Esme Bianco is really good in her role as Ros. She's beautiful and she can act.Arya and the boys. Maisie is so expressive, and yet she makes it look so natural.  She looks adorable with short hair!Dany and her dragons. Nice dramatic setup. The dragons looked more photo-realistic than I dared hope for. Very nice VFX job by BlueBolt.Not so cool:My only major gripe is the scene with Shae. I must confess that I don't think this character has been well cast. There's also something about the attitude of the character and the dialogue that doesn't seem right to me. If only Sibel had been as fascinating as Esme.
964	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	I don't see how you can equate what Theon did with a child lashing out against his parents.  Unless by lashing out you mean a child savagely murdering the parents families and friends as well as a few others that are intended to make the parents think even more of their loved ones are dead.  So other than murder on a mass scale, yeah, it's exactly like a child lashing out.../lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Theon flat out betrayed Robb.  No other way around it and I can't see for the life of me how it could be viewed any other way.I'm with you here.  I understand the argument that Theon is a soldier following orders, except, you know, that he's not really.  He's been given charge of a raiding party.  He has NOT been instructed to take Winterfell.  As hard as it would have been, he could have made choices that would have honored his allegiance to Robb.  That's not even that hard to fathom, given the fact that he doesn't appear to mind disobeying his father's orders.  Of course, when he does disobey his father, it's to completely betray the Starks.  If Theon had simply followed Balon's instructions, I could see the argument that he's just a soldier.  But his actions indicate otherwise.
965	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-20	I guess I'm joining the minority that think they changes to Shae make her an infinitely more interesting character than she ever was in the book. I'm looking forward to seeing where they go with her (and not attractive enough to be Shae? Really?).
966	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	Reactions to some comments:
- I LOVED the King in the North scene.  Could it have been longer?  Yeah, I wouldn't have minded that.  Could it have been positioned differently within the episode?  Probably.  But the scene, taken by itself, was definitely one of my favorites for the entire season.  At one point, I was tempted to get up and grab my replica Anduril, just so I could kneel and shout "King in the North!"  I got chills during that scene.
- I agree with some who thought MMD was a bit understated in her dialogue with Dany.  It was unclear why she stuck around in the first place, although the assumed reason is that she simply has nowhere else to go in the middle of the plains.  But I'd expect a confession like that would carry more emotion.  
- I don't understand the confusion over the Dothraki sticking around after the pyre.  Where the heck are they going to go?  It's probably late afternoon or evening when the whole thing goes down.  Are they going to pack up and leave right then only to make camp in an hour or two?  The ones who stuck around are either fiercely loyal to Dany or were too old/sick/weak to do anything without the ones who were fiercely loyal to Dany.  It makes sense that they would honor her by staying, at least for the night.  
- I understand the point of the Pycelle-Roz scene, but I'm not a huge fan of sexposition in general.  It's another of those scenes that I accept, but would have liked to see the time spent on other things.
- The one scene that felt REALLY rushed and just thrown in there was the Cersei-Lancel scene.  Again, I don't mind its inclusion, but it seemed a bit out of place and might be confusing to non-readers.  I know my wife had questions about it - she didn't realize it was Lancel at first.
- Everything else was fantastic - Arya/Arry, Jon's night ride, the muster for the Great Ranging, Varys/LF, Cat and Jaime, Cat and Robb...I got chills quite a few times this episode.
967	Easy	2011-06-20	I guess I'm joining the minority that think they changes to Shae make her an infinitely more interesting character than she ever was in the book. I'm looking forward to seeing where they go with her (and not attractive enough to be Shae? Really?).More interesting, yes, but what's the point unless they plan to reveal her backstory and make it more important than it is in the books? Actually, it's not even touched on in the books IIRC.
968	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-20	Making her have a foreign background was obviously done because they cast a German actress for her and they needed to explain her accent. I don't know if they're going to expand on her background or not later on, which is why I'm intrigued by it. Depending on how they do it, it could be very interesting, but if they don't delve into it deeply, I won't be particularly bothered either though I'd be surprised if we don't learn a bit more.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 20 June 2011 - 01:10 PM.
969	PestilencE	2011-06-20	Things I disagreed with:
- Catelyn's outburst of sadism against Jaime
- Pycelle's "mask of frailty" - WHERE IS THAT IN THE BOOKS?!
970	jaicon	2011-06-20	My first comment - great series. Some nitpicks here and there but nothing that hasnt been discussed on this forum ad nauseam. I love the casting - not sure about Lena Heady as Cersei but hoping she grows into her own in season two. The rest of the crew has been great and yes I do like the changes they made to Shae. She acts like she cares, that's why Tyrion falls for her. Jason Morma impressed me as Drogo and now I am looking forward to Conan. Emilia Clarke is stunning and talented. Hoping for bigger things from Kit Harrington and Aiden Gillen. The dragons were fantastic - glad they went for the Dragonslayer movie look. 
I need to know who will play Stannis! This is a burning question!
I admit I have a man-crush on Jorah Mormont! He was oafish in the books but so damn noble on screen (so far).
971	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-20	- Pycelle's "mask of frailty" - WHERE IS THAT IN THE BOOKS?!I think we got a glimpse of that when Tyrion confronts him and he's still spry enough to get it on with a young servant girl.
972	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Theon is a habitual turncloak.  First by swearing his loyalty to the Starks and then again by betraying them.  He just wants so desperately to be loved and respected.I'm not sure about the former, in fact I disagree totally, and the latter I would argue a bit with the word 'respected'.  He seems to be the type that wants respect that's closer to fear than the kind of respect Ned got from his people of the North.  I'm not sure if there's a word that's better than respect for it though.  He wants to command respect, not earn it.  He's definitely a lot different in the show, which as I've said, will make his betrayal seem so much more devious.
973	Demandred	2011-06-20	I loved it from beginning to end. I got into it so much that I can't even be bothered to nitpick. Breathtaking end to an awesome series. First time a TV show has brought tears to my eyes, seeing the aftermath of Ned's death and all that. The dragons at the end was a lot better than I could have hoped for. Gonna be a long wait.
974	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-20	- I agree with some who thought MMD was a bit understated in her dialogue with Dany.  It was unclear why she stuck around in the first place, although the assumed reason is that she simply has nowhere else to go in the middle of the plains.  But I'd expect a confession like that would carry more emotion.  Maybe I'm the only one here who thought MMD was played right in this episode.  Her matter-of-fact manner of revealing all to Dany seemed correct to me from what I remember about her.  My take is that she wanted vengeance for herself and her people, got it, and was satisfied and resigned to her fate.  Book MMD didn't seem overtly emotional either, unless I'm remembering wrong.
975	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Things I disagreed with:- Catelyn's outburst of sadism against Jaime- Pycelle's "mask of frailty" - WHERE IS THAT IN THE BOOKS?!You could fill a few episodes entirely with stuff THAT'S NOT IN THE BOOKS!!1!
976	Eponine	2011-06-20	Things I loved:1. Sansa's inner monologue from the book being shown more assertively on screen, Joffrey being a monster. Excellent scene all around, thought it had an even stronger impact in the show than in the book and I've always been a Sansa fan. Very convincing that Sansa is starting to be able to internalize her feelings. 2. Tywin - I totally believe that he's a man who intimidates his sons and makes them crave his approval. 3. Dany walking into the flames - was worried that this would seem cheesy, but even knowing what was going to happen, it felt like there was real danger. 4. Mormont is a much better commander than Jon deserves. While I understand the importance of the dragons and why that should be both the season and book end, I kind of wish that the last shot of the show was the Night's Watch riding out of the gate - a neat parallel to the beginning of the show.5. Gendry  /wub.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> Also loved that Yoren's admonitions to Arya translated well from the book - "Not a smart boy, that what you mean to say?" They combined it with the first Arya chapter in ACOK, but there Arya beats up Hot Pie badly, and Yoren physically disciplines her. I suspect that showing that would be an unnecessary way to make a lot of viewers hate Yoren. Things that were alright:1. Bran/Osha/Rickon: I'm not at all a fan of Osha's casting. Seeing Shaggydog was cool, but Rickon still feels kind of random. Even though I've read the books, I still keep forgetting about him in the show. I wonder if he will ever have a major part in the books - without the five year aging up and with the series already being over halfway through, while he could be a catalyst, it's hard to imagine him becoming an interesting personality on his own.2. Cersei/Lancel: Not sure about the choice to put this into the last episode of the season where it has little context. Might have had more impact to introduce it in parallel with Jaime revealing that Cersei is the only woman he ever loved and all his life choices were to stay close to her. 3. King of the North: I liked it but didn't love it. In fact, I like both Robb and Catelyn better in the show than the book. But Robb was never a character who I truly loved and rooted for, even on my first read. I wasn't all emotional the first time I read the Red Wedding. Likewise in the show, I didn't care about Robb enough to get too excited, although the scene was well executed and I have no complaints regarding the show.4. Pycelle and Ros. I was pretty neutral on this - a lot depends on what is revealed later. Since Pycelle is still around at the end of book 4, it makes sense to build up his character a little more. If Ros is shown to be a spy for Varys, explicitly commanded by him to come down to KL once Ned had gone, it will redeem a lot of the silliness that she just happens to sleep with every important man in the plot. The only scene that will still not work for me in any way, shape or form is the Littlefinger sexposition. That's still just wrong, no matter what else is revealed. Things that didn't work for me:Ok seriously, you know what's a million times more annoying than people discussing what honestly didn't work for them? People who seem to post here only to complain about the complainers. Ungrateful? Arrogant? What are you, the show morality police? Finding out what people like and don't like and why things do or don't work for them makes for interesting discussions. Posting one liners about how haters should shut up contributes exactly nothing. 1. Shae. I hate Shae. Again, it's NOT because she's not exactly like book Shae, although I do think that book Shae was better in revealing Tyrion's vulnerabilities and his inability to get past Tysha and his desire to sink back into a fantasy. The actress and her mannerisms are just incredibly grating to me for whatever reason, more so than anyone else on the show. 2. The gap between when Dany walks into the fire and how everyone falls asleep while she's supposedly burning. Maybe for people who didn't know what was going to happen, the delay was a moment of great tension and build up. But IMO it was kind of an odd dead spot.3. Jon's friends are too good for him. It's not the show's fault, the deserting scene was well executed, but Jon does not work for me, and it grinds my gears to see everything just fall into place for him all the time. I hope he falls off the wall.
977	fadingsignal	2011-06-20	One of my favorite scenes!  Peter Dinklage is great.http://dl.dropbox.co...ones/Tryion.jpg
I posted a new thread with various screencaps (including some of Dany and her dragons!) but it hasn't been approved by moderators yet.
978	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Maybe I'm the only one here who thought MMD was played right in this episode.  Her matter-of-fact manner of revealing all to Dany seemed correct to me from what I remember about her.  My take is that she wanted vengeance for herself and her people, got it, and was satisfied and resigned to her fate.  Book MMD didn't seem overtly emotional either, unless I'm remembering wrong.I thought she was horrible.  No subtext, no emotion, just some old hag reciting lines.  I've seen better acting from freshmen in highschool reading Shakespeare monotone in English class.  Hard to decide who was worse for me, Sylvio or Miri.  IMO, the two weakest links of the entire season.
979	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-20	I thought she was horrible.  No subtext, no emotion, just some old hag reciting lines.  I've seen better acting from freshmen in highschool reading Shakespeare monotone in English class.  Hard to decide who was worse for me, Sylvio or Miri.  IMO, the two weakest links of the entire season.20,000 posters, 20,000 different opinions. I thought Syrio was great.
980	ENikolai	2011-06-20	Here's Grand Maester Pycelle's stretching routine, set to some highly appropriate background music. I think we would all benefit from emulating it once or twice per day.
981	Trinket	2011-06-20	Alot of great things in the finale. Loved the dragons and pretty much all Danaerys scenes, especially with awesome Jorah Mormont.
Loved Jon's escape, Tyrions chat with Tywin, and the king in the north and Sansa. 
Two things I didn't like: 
Shae. I freaking hate Shae. I'd rather watch hours of Roz than have to sit through one minute with Shae. And no, it's not because I'm a Roz fan. 
I guess it's a matter of personal taste, so I won't rant about it too much, but even if I were a dwarf I wouldn't touch her with a ten-foot pole. REALLY don't like her looks, don't like her personality, don't like her accent, don't like her acting, don't like how the character is written. 
Well aware not everybody will agree with me though.
The Pycelle scene was strange. He's faking being frail? Him sleeping with younger girls was nothing new, but him doing squats and faking his walk? Weird, just plain weird. Can't wait to see what they make of that.
					
					
							Edited by Trinket, 20 June 2011 - 01:34 PM.
982	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Things I loved:1. Sansa's inner monologue from the book being shown more assertively on screen, Joffrey being a monster. Excellent scene all around, thought it had an even stronger impact in the show than in the book and I've always been a Sansa fan. Very convincing that Sansa is starting to be able to internalize her feelings. 2. Tywin - I totally believe that he's a man who intimidates his sons and makes them crave his approval. 3. Dany walking into the flames - was worried that this would seem cheesy, but even knowing what was going to happen, it felt like there was real danger. 4. Mormont is a much better commander than Jon deserves. While I understand the importance of the dragons and why that should be both the season and book end, I kind of wish that the last shot of the show was the Night's Watch riding out of the gate - a neat parallel to the beginning of the show.5. Gendry  /wub.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> Also loved that Yoren's admonitions to Arya translated well from the book - "Not a smart boy, that what you mean to say?" They combined it with the first Arya chapter in ACOK, but there Arya beats up Hot Pie badly, and Yoren physically disciplines her. I suspect that showing that would be an unnecessary way to make a lot of viewers hate Yoren. Things that were alright:1. Bran/Osha/Rickon: I'm not at all a fan of Osha's casting. Seeing Shaggydog was cool, but Rickon still feels kind of random. Even though I've read the books, I still keep forgetting about him in the show. I wonder if he will ever have a major part in the books - without the five year aging up and with the series already being over halfway through, while he could be a catalyst, it's hard to imagine him becoming an interesting personality on his own.2. Cersei/Lancel: Not sure about the choice to put this into the last episode of the season where it has little context. Might have had more impact to introduce it in parallel with Jaime revealing that Cersei is the only woman he ever loved and all his life choices were to stay close to her. 3. King of the North: I liked it but didn't love it. In fact, I like both Robb and Catelyn better in the show than the book. But Robb was never a character who I truly loved and rooted for, even on my first read. I wasn't all emotional the first time I read the Red Wedding. Likewise in the show, I didn't care about Robb enough to get too excited, although the scene was well executed and I have no complaints regarding the show.4. Pycelle and Ros. I was pretty neutral on this - a lot depends on what is revealed later. Since Pycelle is still around at the end of book 4, it makes sense to build up his character a little more. If Ros is shown to be a spy for Varys, explicitly commanded by him to come down to KL once Ned had gone, it will redeem a lot of the silliness that she just happens to sleep with every important man in the plot. The only scene that will still not work for me in any way, shape or form is the Littlefinger sexposition. That's still just wrong, no matter what else is revealed. Things that didn't work for me:Ok seriously, you know what's a million times more annoying than people discussing what honestly didn't work for them? People who seem to post here only to complain about the complainers. Ungrateful? Arrogant? What are you, the show morality police? Finding out what people like and don't like and why things do or don't work for them makes for interesting discussions. Posting one liners about how haters should shut up contributes exactly nothing. 1. Shae. I hate Shae. Again, it's NOT because she's not exactly like book Shae, although I do think that book Shae was better in revealing Tyrion's vulnerabilities and his inability to get past Tysha and his desire to sink back into a fantasy. The actress and her mannerisms are just incredibly grating to me for whatever reason, more so than anyone else on the show. 2. The gap between when Dany walks into the fire and how everyone falls asleep while she's supposedly burning. Maybe for people who didn't know what was going to happen, the delay was a moment of great tension and build up. But IMO it was kind of an odd dead spot.3. Jon's friends are too good for him. It's not the show's fault, the deserting scene was well executed, but Jon does not work for me, and it grinds my gears to see everything just fall into place for him all the time. I hope he falls off the wall.As I've said before, commenting on what does and doesn't work for you isn't what I was railing against.  It's the DOOM AND GLOOM massive whiners that think 20 seconds of X would be better served showing something else.  There are only a few posters that really fit in there.  And besides, I could turn around and say the same thing about my posts.  Who are you to decide what I can and can't complain about in regards to posts?  What are you, the posting morality police?  And since you've driected that at me, I'll add that I post far more than just commentary on the naysayers...
983	laughing tree knight	2011-06-20	I'm with you here.  I understand the argument that Theon is a soldier following orders, except, you know, that he's not really.  He's been given charge of a raiding party.  He has NOT been instructed to take Winterfell.  As hard as it would have been, he could have made choices that would have honored his allegiance to Robb.  That's not even that hard to fathom, given the fact that he doesn't appear to mind disobeying his father's orders.  Of course, when he does disobey his father, it's to completely betray the Starks.  If Theon had simply followed Balon's instructions, I could see the argument that he's just a soldier.  But his actions indicate otherwise.If Theon had listened to his father and done his raiding he'd be LORD of the IRON Islands once the ocean took his father
984	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	I thought she was horrible.  No subtext, no emotion, just some old hag reciting lines.  I've seen better acting from freshmen in highschool reading Shakespeare monotone in English class.  Hard to decide who was worse for me, Sylvio or Miri.  IMO, the two weakest links of the entire season.I don't really see why she would have emotion. The entire point is that she feels as hollow as Drogo becomes, the message being that when everything is stripped away life is meaningless. In the book she also tells Dany that she doesn't fear anything she will do to her because she's already dead. And I guess you mean Syrio, not Sylvio.
985	PestilencE	2011-06-20	You could fill a few episodes entirely with stuff THAT'S NOT IN THE BOOKS!!1!What a stupid response.The scene with Pycelle is not problematic because it is not in the books, it is problematic because it is a complete 100% deviation from the books. Up to and including AFFC, there isn't even as much as a hint that he might be playing some game.
986	Eponine	2011-06-20	Now that the whole season is over: 
Characters/casting I loved (or loved to hate): Ned, Sansa, Tywin, Jaime, Lysa, Joffrey, Robert, Varys, Viserys, Jorah, Sam
Characters/casting I liked (a lot): Catelyn, Arya, Bran, Theon, Maester Luwin, Greatjon and other Northmen, Syrio, Jory, Septa Mordane, Tyrion, Gregor, Mord, Walder Frey, the Hound, Littlefinger, Barriston, Pycelle, Beric, Khal Drogo, Rakharo, Doreah, Mormont, Jon, Benjen, Alliser Thorne, Yoren, Gendry
Characters/casting that were alright: Robb, Rickon, Hodor, Ser Rodrik, Cersei, Kevan, Lancel, Robin Arryn, Cersei, Ilyn Payne, Ros, Dany, Illyrio, Maester Aemon, Pyp and Grenn
Characters/casting that I hated: Shae, Renly, Loras, MMD, Osha
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 20 June 2011 - 06:33 PM.
987	Knight Of The North	2011-06-20	Can I just say that I love what they've done. In my opinion, they've managed to elegantly switch the 'main character' focus from Ned to Robb. Think about it; Robb winning a grand victory just before Ned gets the chop. In the following episode, only a few scenes later if you strung them out, we get Robb being declared 'King in The North'. I really think they're trying to make it seem like Robb is the new guy to watch! Combine this with the fact some of the offscreen moments in Season Two will be put onscreen for Robb, I really think it's what they're doing.
I loved the King in The North scene. Not too overdone, but good, honest, powerful, and really conveying the mentality of Northmen. Slightly distant, but loyal. With the Dragons dead, the Lord Paramount of the North obeyed his friend. Now, the only King they know IS their Lord Paramount. Robb. The guy winning battles, not the pithy little bastard sitting in the Iron Throne.
988	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	What a stupid response.The scene with Pycelle is not problematic because it is not in the books, it is problematic because it is a complete 100% deviation from the books. Up to and including AFFC, there isn't even as much as a hint that he might be playing some game.It's designed to be as stupid as the comment I was referencing.  Hint:  Not everything in the show is as it was in the books.  Not sure you figured that out yet.
989	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	I don't really see why she would have emotion. The entire point is that she feels as hollow as Drogo becomes, the message being that when everything is stripped away life is meaningless. In the book she also tells Dany that she doesn't fear anything she will do to her because she's already dead. And I guess you mean Syrio, not Sylvio.She certainly didn't seem like someone who's dead inside either.  Emotion doesn't just mean big emotions.  She was horrible and rattled off her lines with nothing behind them, not as someone dead inside, passionate, interested, anything.  Just reciting her lines.
990	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Now that the whole season is over: Characters/casting I loved (or loved to hate): Ned, Sansa, Tywin, Jaime, Lysa, Joffrey, Robert, Varys, Viserys, Jorah, SamCharacters/casting I liked (a lot): Catelyn, Arya, Bran, Theon, Maester Luwin, Greatjon and other Northmen, Syrio, Jory, Septa Mordane, Tyrion, Gregor, Mord, Walder Frey, the Hound, Littlefinger, Barriston, Pycelle, Beric, Khal Drogo, Rakharo, Doreah, Mormont, Jon, Benjen, Alliser Thorne, Yoren, GendryCharacters/casting that were alright: Robb, Rickon, Hodor, Ser Rodrik, Cersei, Kevan, Lancel, Robin Arryn, Cersei, Ilyn Payne, Ros, Dany, Illyrio, Maester Aemon, Pyp and GrennCharacters/casting that I hated: Shae, Renly, Loras, MMDCersei deserves to be on this list more than once!  Although I'd put her a step below actually.  What a waste of a main character.  I can see the direction of most every scene:  Okay Lena, stand there with a weird look on your face and talk, if you must, calmly.  And...action!
991	DuckEverlasting	2011-06-20	I think the show is doing a great job of setting Theon up as more than a turncoat asshat.  In my opinion, he's one of the most tragic characters in the series.  He was brought up half Ironborn, and half Northerner, and in the end he's a little too much of both to be accepted by either; the Ironborn see him as too soft, and the Northerners see him as too cruel.
All he really wants is feel like he belongs somewhere, and to be treated with the respect he thinks he deserves (as many of you have already pointed out).  His major flaw, however, is that he has WAY too high an opinion of himself, and his slight persecution complex (combined with his actual persecution) means that he always thinks life will be better on the other side of the fence.  His place at Robb's side, where he stands right now, is the home he's always wanted, and the happiest he'll ever be, but he's too blind to see it until it's way too late.
TRAGIC!
(Sorry if this is a bit much, I just got through a reread of CoK and this has been bouncing around in my head lately.  Loved the episode btw.)
992	tarantella	2011-06-20	Jon's been pretty much complaining and bitching the whole season, but when you consider why he's been that way it's hard not to sympathize.
Loved the King in the North scene.  It didn't feel rushed or anything, just that it came a little bit early in the episode, it should have been later to have more impact.
I like Sansa better in the show than in the book.  She definitely has more of an idea of what's going on.  Nice to see how they did that bit with her wanting to push Joffrey off the bridge, I didn't think they'd even include it.
Speaking of Joffrey, he's been great all this time.  His actor is spot on.  I wonder how the kid feels about playing such an asshole of a character.
I really don't get what they're doing with Shae.  Honestly, she just annoys me.  Book Shae had a kind of charm to her that this one doesn't.  Maybe they'll do something different with her, who knows.
The best parts of the episodes were Dany's, though.  I wasn't that big on Emilia Clarke in the beginning but she's really picked up her role.  And Jorah was awesome as always.
I didn't need to see Pycelle's morning routine, I really didn't.
					
					
							Edited by tarantella, 20 June 2011 - 02:06 PM.
993	Aquaman43	2011-06-20	I thought it was outstanding. Definitely the fastest hour I've lived all week. Like a lot of others, I was worried about how the dragons would appear, but I thought they were awesome. It will be interesting watching them grow up and do the things we know they will do, especially Drogon in Astapor.
994	Eponine	2011-06-20	The only thing that seems possibly a waste of time with the Pycelle scene is that it's probably all for naught when Tyrion throws him into the black cells, and he comes out a few days later seeming much more frail and shaky. 
IMO, it's most likely that time in the dungeons did hurt his health - even if he's faking some of his weakness, he's not exactly a specimen of physical prowess. In that case, at most his scene gives a reason for why he didn't die down there - which may be sufficient for the addition, but won't factor into his character much later if he really does become frail.
It will be much sillier if it turns out that he was faking being weak before that, and then starts faking being even more weak. That stretches credibility too much for me. While I don't mind the added scene as a way to give Pycelle more character development, even in AFFC, I don't feel that he's a master player. "A certain low cunning" seems to describe him better, insofar as he's always been able to suck up to the right people, the right people having been the Lannisters in the past. That he's so much of a player that he was just fine in the dungeons and adding another layer of deception on top seems unlikely.
995	PestilencE	2011-06-20	It's designed to be as stupid as the comment I was referencing.  Hint:  Not everything in the show is as it was in the books.  Not sure you figured that out yet.It is not the minor change in the character that matters so much, it is the long-term effects on the development of the series that it will have. I'm OK with Cersei's momentous display of empathy for Bran.I'm OK with Catelyn's singular display of senseless violence against Jaime.I'm OK with Tyrion's overstated desire for whores and drinking, as seen in the pilot episode.But Pycelle is a different case entirely. The fact that he is shown to keep up a mask for in front of the court is of much greater relevance to how the series will progress, and is completely disharmonious with the books.
996	Lasair	2011-06-20	Someone mentioned the Reeds getting cut. No way that could happen - Bran's not going to have either the mental drive or the physical ability to reach the three-eyed-crow all on his own.
We may get a Jojeera Reed, though.
997	Areo	2011-06-20	WTF! I just noticed they made Sandor a knight of the Kingsguard!!! He's got the armor and cape... Didn't see that coming
998	Ramsay Bolton	2011-06-20	What a stupid response.The scene with Pycelle is not problematic because it is not in the books, it is problematic because it is a complete 100% deviation from the books. Up to and including AFFC, there isn't even as much as a hint that he might be playing some game.It really isn't. Tyrion catches Pycelle with a servant girl, which already suggests that he isn't as old and frail as one might think. It's also made clear that he plays the "game" just like LF and Varys do, and is a completely untrustworthy character as well as a Lannister servant.If anything this is a small addition, and quite fitting to his overall character.
999	Lord Godric	2011-06-20	Someone asked for an animated GIF of Pycelle's little aerobic routine.  Ask and ye shall receive, LOL!  Although, pardon the 2+MB file size; I don't make animated GIFs so I appear to suck at optimizing them.http://i51.tinypic.com/5n1vyb.gifOh god. That gets more disturbing every time I look at it.
1000	fadingsignal	2011-06-20	Screenshot (720p) of Dany w/ her dragon!!http://dl.dropbox.co...y-Dragon-04.jpg
1001	fadingsignal	2011-06-20	Oh god. That gets more disturbing every time I look at it.Girlfriend: "Ew can you see his junk?!"
1002	Morrigan	2011-06-20	Something that bothers me... like in the books, Tywin tells Tyrion to not bring the whore to court. So far so good.
But then, Tyrion tells Shae not only that he wants to bring her to King's Landing, but he seems to imply she'll also be taken to court, instead of hidden in that manse? WTF? He says that the ladies at court could learn a few things from her, and says "How would you like to be the Hand's Lady" or something like that.
Are they planning on having Shae displayed openly at court in S2?  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
1003	iheartseverus	2011-06-20	Screenshot (720p) of Dany w/ her dragon!!http://dl.dropbox.co...y-Dragon-04.jpgExcellentExcellentExcellent~~Thanks!  Interesting that they've made its wings exactly like a bat's wings, that is, an 'arm' with the wing struts being the extended 'fingers.'
1004	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	She certainly didn't seem like someone who's dead inside either.  Emotion doesn't just mean big emotions.  She was horrible and rattled off her lines with nothing behind them, not as someone dead inside, passionate, interested, anything.  Just reciting her lines.That's my point, she shouldn't be passionate or interested. Whatever she had left vanished when she fulfilled her new goal, to take revenge and stop the Stallion that Mounts the World. She was at peace with everything and I think that showed. I don't think it's logical to think it was with the actress either. If she were to show anything she would have tried that (with good or bad result) but the director obviously didn't tell her to do that since I saw no attempt to show what you speak of.To me bad acting lies in trying to do something but failing. What you try is up to the director.
1005	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	It is not the minor change in the character that matters so much, it is the long-term effects on the development of the series that it will have. I'm OK with Cersei's momentous display of empathy for Bran.I'm OK with Catelyn's singular display of senseless violence against Jaime.I'm OK with Tyrion's overstated desire for whores and drinking, as seen in the pilot episode.But Pycelle is a different case entirely. The fact that he is shown to keep up a mask for in front of the court is of much greater relevance to how the series will progress, and is completely disharmonious with the books.You'd have to think, then, that it won't be disharmonious with the TV show.  Seriously, how hard is it to grasp?  Some things/characters are going to be significantly different than the book version(s).  It's the season finale with a lot of characters/events to tie up after Ned's death.  Do you actually, honestly and truly think they put that scene in there for no reason?  I'll bet you $100 right here and now that we will see next season a very succinct, clear and harmonious reason for that scene. It's been 10 episodes.  Stop harping on what is/isn't in the books.  You should've gotten over that by now. And the further this series goes, the more deviations there will be from the books.eta:  senseless violence against Jaime?!?!  Seriously?  The man who tried to kill her son?  The man who attacked her husband and her guardsmen?  The man who just led the opposing army against her other son?  The brother/lover and father of the queen regent and king that just beheaded her husband?  Senseless?!?!  Are you mad?
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 20 June 2011 - 02:36 PM.
1006	fadingsignal	2011-06-20	The last shot of Jon Snow before the Night's Watch departs north of The Wall... Longclaw's pommel is looking a bit strange and featureless here (?)http://dl.dropbox.co...es/Jon-Snow.jpg
1007	ENikolai	2011-06-20	ExcellentExcellentExcellent~~Thanks!  Interesting that they've made its wings exactly like a bat's wings, that is, an 'arm' with the wing struts being the extended 'fingers.'Here's an interview with David Benioff and D.B. Weiss, where they talk about creating the dragons (and much more).
1008	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	But Pycelle is a different case entirely. The fact that he is shown to keep up a mask for in front of the court is of much greater relevance to how the series will progress, and is completely disharmonious with the books.How is it completely disharmonious? What in the books tell us something important that relies on the exact opposite?
1009	tarantella	2011-06-20	Something that bothers me... like in the books, Tywin tells Tyrion to not bring the whore to court. So far so good.But then, Tyrion tells Shae not only that he wants to bring her to King's Landing, but he seems to imply she'll also be taken to court, instead of hidden in that manse? WTF? He says that the ladies at court could learn a few things from her, and says "How would you like to be the Hand's Lady" or something like that.Are they planning on having Shae displayed openly at court in S2?  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />I bet they will.  HBO Shae came off to me as some kind of highborn foreign lady who got caught in circumstances (at least judging from how she reacted to the drinking game last episode.)  Since she's so different from the books, it makes sense they'd take her in a totally different direction for the TV series.
1010	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-20	I have no problem with Shae except that I can't see Tyrion falling in love with her. But maybe that's more of a reflection on what I find attractive than what he does. I thought she was better this episode anyway
1011	Eponine	2011-06-20	Cersei deserves to be on this list more than once!  Although I'd put her a step below actually.  What a waste of a main character.  I can see the direction of most every scene:  Okay Lena, stand there with a weird look on your face and talk, if you must, calmly.  And...action!The two expressions is what makes her a mediocre character for me. She uses the same concerned look too frequently and then sometimes she also has a sad half smile. But within the context of the show, I believe in her well enough, I just believe that she's a perpetually worried, non-emotive character instead of the charming but volatile character in the book. Characters that I hated jar me out of the show and make me wish that something else, anything else was happening on screen.
1012	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	The last shot of Jon Snow before the Night's Watch departs north of The Wall... Longclaw's pommel is looking a bit strange and featureless here (?)http://dl.dropbox.co...es/Jon-Snow.jpgWhat's the question?  All you can see is the back of the direwolf's head and then the shot is cut off.
1013	Greywolf2375	2011-06-20	You'd have to think, then, that it won't be disharmonious with the TV show.  Seriously, how hard is it to grasp?  Some things/characters are going to be significantly different than the book version(s).  It's the season finale with a lot of characters/events to tie up after Ned's death.  Do you actually, honestly and truly think they put that scene in there for no reason?  I'll bet you $100 right here and now that we will see next season a very succinct, clear and harmonious reason for that scene. It's been 10 episodes.  Stop harping on what is/isn't in the books.  You should've gotten over that by now. And the further this series goes, the more deviations there will be from the books.eta:  senseless violence against Jaime?!?!  Seriously?  The man who tried to kill her son?  The man who attacked her husband and her guardsmen?  The man who just led the opposing army against her other son?  The brother/lover and father of the queen regent and king that just beheaded her husband?  Senseless?!?!  Are you mad?Didn't realize yours was the only opinion that mattered on what is valid and isn't valid as discussion points.  Yes, there are going to be differences from the books and those differences may impact someones enjoyment of the series either positively or negatively.  Somethings I have liked, some things I have not.  While I do not believe anyone is truly expecting a word for word portrayal, there may be some things that impact others more than they impact you.  Telling them they should get over it when it impacts their enjoyment, not exactly constructive.
1014	Kaitscralt	2011-06-20	WTF! I just noticed they made Sandor a knight of the Kingsguard!!! He's got the armor and cape... Didn't see that comingIt happens in the books...
1015	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Didn't realize yours was the only opinion that mattered on what is valid and isn't valid as discussion points.  Yes, there are going to be differences from the books and those differences may impact someones enjoyment of the series either positively or negatively.  Somethings I have liked, some things I have not.  While I do not believe anyone is truly expecting a word for word portrayal, there may be some things that impact others more than they impact you.  Telling them they should get over it when it impacts their enjoyment, not exactly constructive.It's certainly not any less constructive than "It's not in the books!" or "it's disharmonious with the books!".  As to your first sentence, I never maintained that to be true.  Just that many, many complaints are hollow and silly, especially at this point in the series (ie; a whole season gone).
1016	Anomandaris86	2011-06-20	Didn't say you couldn't criticize them, just poking at the people who are going apoplectic about trivial little things because they're different from the books.  It's more of a 'you shouldn't complain so much about stupid little things' admonition than a 'you can't complain about stupid little things' because it comes off as childish, unappreciative and many times downright arrogant.Complaining about the little things is called criticism. That's the whole point of having a discussion forum. I suppose you don't realize that you can also sound arrogant when you tell everyone that their responses aren't valid? Oh and no one here is going apoplectic. Come to the forums where I spend most of my time and you will see apoplectic. What happens on this site is nothing.I think they proved beyond a doubt that there are good reasons for all the choices they've made.They have? I must have missed the part where they showed us that the changes to the personalities of lots of the characters (Theon, the Hound, many others), the almost complete lack of backstory, complete omission of the battles, and the shortening of the King in the North scene, to name a few, were all done with a very good reason that gained as much as they lost. So basically, chill out because you (not you specifically, but the wailing masses) sound silly.Like I said, this is a discussion forum, and people are entitled to their complaints. If anyone sounds silly, it's apologists like you who seem to believe that the showrunners can do no evil and that everything is perfect, and then criticize people for their criticism.
1017	Slick Mongoose	2011-06-20	I really liked this episode. But 2 things bothered me - when MMD describes when Drogo will be himself she says everything except the most important thing - "When your womb will bear fruit again"(or something like that)...can't really understand why it was left out.Yeah, isn't that a fairly important line for Dany's character?
1018	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-20	WTF! I just noticed they made Sandor a knight of the Kingsguard!!! He's got the armor and cape... Didn't see that comingIn the books, that happens when Selmy gets fired. The same scene in which Sansa pleads for mercy for Ned.
1019	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	Maybe I'm the only one here who thought MMD was played right in this episode.  Her matter-of-fact manner of revealing all to Dany seemed correct to me from what I remember about her.  My take is that she wanted vengeance for herself and her people, got it, and was satisfied and resigned to her fate.  Book MMD didn't seem overtly emotional either, unless I'm remembering wrong.You're right that she didn't in the books, but having now seen it rather than reading it and creating my own vision of how the conversation took place, it seems a bit off to me.  I think it's valid that people can read it in different ways.  Your picture of it is absolutely legitimate.If I'm not mistaken, though, the show changed MMD's speech a bit to reveal a bit more about her motivations.  It's definitely not "wrong" the way they did it - there isn't really right or wrong.  It just didn't really ring true to me hearing those words with very little emotion.Of course, part of that could be that I don't think the actress playing MMD was that good, as someone else mentioned earlier.  It's possible that a better actress could have pulled off the matter-of-factness in a more convincing fashion (for me, anyway).
1020	Areo	2011-06-20	In the books, that happens when Selmy gets fired. The same scene in which Sansa pleads for mercy for Ned.I've read the books, but I still noticed it. For someone new to the series it will seem strange. We heard the Hound say "I'm no knight" and then he's one of the Kingsguard? Was he one of them all along? It can be confusing, just a line from Cercei when she appointed Jaime instead of Barristan to mention that Sandor is to become Kingsguard would have cleared that.
1021	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-20	I've read the books, but I still noticed it. For someone new to the series it will seem strange. We heard the Hound say "I'm no knight" and then he's one of the Kingsguard? Was he one of them all along? It can be confusing, just a line from Cercei when she appointed Jaime instead of Barristan to mention that Sandor is to become Kingsguard would have cleared that.They actually made a big deal in the books about Sandor being elevated to Kingsguard despite not being a knight.  I guess the show is glossing over that particular detail.If I have one major complaint about this season (Ros aside), it's the general underdevelopment/underutilization of the Hound.  Huge missed opportunity, IMO.  To echo something I read in an earlier episode thread, I fail to see how Rory McCann managed to get his name into the opening credits, given how little his character is featured.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 20 June 2011 - 03:15 PM.
1022	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	They actually made a big deal in the books about Sandor being elevated to Kingsguard despite not being a knight.  I guess the show is glossing over that particular detail.If I have one major complaint about this season (Ros aside), it's the general underdevelopment/underutilization of the Hound.  Huge missed opportunity, IMO.  To echo something I read in an earlier episode thread, I fail to see how Rory McCann managed to get his name into the opening credits.I'll second that.  For as big a role as he plays (and may yet play) in the books I was surprised to say the least that his viciousness and fighting prowess, as well as his hatred for knights wasn't played to more.  They started on it with Micah and his comment that he's not a ser along with LF's exposition about his burns.  Hopefully the Sansa/Hound stuff next season will utilize him more so that when he gets scared of the wildfire on Blackwater that the turnaround is both unexpected and believable.
1023	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	The only thing that seems possibly a waste of time with the Pycelle scene is that it's probably all for naught when Tyrion throws him into the black cells, and he comes out a few days later seeming much more frail and shaky. IMO, it's most likely that time in the dungeons did hurt his health - even if he's faking some of his weakness, he's not exactly a specimen of physical prowess. In that case, at most his scene gives a reason for why he didn't die down there - which may be sufficient for the addition, but won't factor into his character much later if he really does become frail.It will be much sillier if it turns out that he was faking being weak before that, and then starts faking being even more weak. That stretches credibility too much for me. While I don't mind the added scene as a way to give Pycelle more character development, even in AFFC, I don't feel that he's a master player. "A certain low cunning" seems to describe him better, insofar as he's always been able to suck up to the right people, the right people having been the Lannisters in the past. That he's so much of a player that he was just fine in the dungeons and adding another layer of deception on top seems unlikely.I think people may be reading a bit too much into this.  I think it was shown to illustrate that Pycelle isn't a doddering fool.  He can play the game.  Which is exactly why Tyrion includes him in his little test to find out who is leaking information.  We'll see Tyrion, maybe talking with Bronn, maybe with Shae, describing his trap.  If it's questioned why he's including Pycelle, Tyrion can remark that the old maester may not be as feeble as he lets on.  It will then make a lot of sense when Pycelle turns out to be the one who betrays him to Cersei.I think it was worth it to set that up.
1024	wandarah	2011-06-20	I've read the books, but I still noticed it. For someone new to the series it will seem strange. We heard the Hound say "I'm no knight" and then he's one of the Kingsguard? Was he one of them all along? It can be confusing, just a line from Cercei when she appointed Jaime instead of Barristan to mention that Sandor is to become Kingsguard would have cleared that.I watched it with a group of 5 non-readers last night. No one was confused. They just thought it made sense that he was now one of the Kingsguard, since he's a Lannister bitch, and there's one on the throne. Indeed the only thing they haven't picked up on so far, was who the hell Baelor was. Got it second time around. Readers tend to assume that details that aren't given as much air as in the novel, seem hard to grasp. This really hasn't been my experience with my buddies who haven't read the books.They're also all totally in love with the show and think it's the best thing on TV (was) right now.
					
					
							Edited by wandarah, 20 June 2011 - 03:39 PM.
1025	Unnamed	2011-06-20	Reflecting on the whole season, I think we should all be thrilled with the job HBO & co. have done of bringing the story to life. If nothing else, I think they've stayed very true to the "spirit" of the story, much more so than experience had taught me to expect.Which is not to say that everything has been perfect. However, of the various things being batted about, there are a couple points that I feel I have something to add to.First, with regard to Mirri/Dani (I'm quoting from a post for Ep 9, which I probly posted too late for most to see it, because I am interested in feedback).I've noticed that no one seems to have the same theory on the Mirri/Dani thing that I do, based on:Mirri's comments before the blood magic scene.If Jorah had not carried Dani into the tent, the baby would have been fine (that is, this is what I believe).The stillborn fetus is described as being somewhat dragon-like.I always thought that Mirri knew that Drogo would "live" in a vegetative state (although it doesn't make sense to me unless he was already dead), and that the horse's life was used to "power" this. It also seemed that Jorah carrying Dany into the tent was a critical mistake. If it did not matter, why make a point of having it play out that way?But here's my key point: There's every reason to believe that Dani had a live normal baby in her belly, until she was carried into the tent, then gave birth to some reptilian thing. THEN she is able to hatch fossilized dragon eggs. I always believed that the horse paid for Drogo's "life", but the baby paid for the dragon eggs coming to life. They were in the tent, and I assumed that they were able to suck the life out of Dani's baby as an unintended side effect of Mirri's blood magic. If not, what else explains the miraculous births of the 3 dragons (or the strange deformities of the fetus)?For what it's worth, I never felt that Mirri was plotting Drogo/Rhaego's deaths from the beginning. I always read her response to Dani as an after-the-fact justification, along the lines of, "Well, it's a shame it didn't work out, but I really don't care. I never really liked your husband or your baby anyway." Also, when she's saying Dani knew the price, I don't think she meant the stillbirth--I think she meant that Dani "knew" that Drogo would not be fully alive....After watching the last show, I now also wonder if Mirri's life also was necessary as part of the "price" for bringing the dragons back, but I still think that Jorah carrying Dani into the tent where there were dragon eggs and "dancing dead" was the critical event that altered "world" history.Anyone else see it that way? In particular, anyone else agree that Dani's baby's life was spent animating dragons, not Drogo?Second, I find that I side with the people who hate the changes to Shae's character. Not because I don't find her sexy (I don't), but because I don't see how this character could possible arouse any real emotion in Tyrion:They've made her seem "mysterious and complex", which would make her just like all the people that Tyrion is surrounded by. Seriously, can anyone think that this character doesn't have enough to think about? Or that he is looking for yet-another-person in his life who requires careful parsing of every utterance for hidden nuances?The key point in Tyrion's character development is the Tysha story. She was not a whore (or didn't seem to be), nor was she some complicated foreigner with untold secrets. She was a "simple" young traumatized girl who charmed him with her basic sweetness.Tyrion never forgets that Shae is a whore, but he gets emotionally attached to her because of her similarities to Tysha. This new Shae is nothing like Tysha (and points it out in her first scene), leaving no narrative explanation for any attachment he might form to her. In every other case, this character instinctively dislikes schemers and plotters, and instinctively likes more simple, straightforward characters. Look at who he bonds with, and who he doesn't.So, my point is, whether Shae is "generally" sexy is almost immaterial. The fact is, the character they've painter her to be is the antithesis of Tyrion's "perfect woman" (Tysha) and could not be more incompatible with him as a love interest. And because of this, every scene where they are together is absolutely like nails on a chalkboard. (For comparison, the Pycelle scene was more like snails on a chalkboard.)Of course, this is more than made up for by the spot-on portrayals of other characters (Arya, Tyrion, the list goes on and on). I still think Catelyn is the Wicked Witch of the North, but she doesn't throw the entire chemistry off the way Shae does--I just can't figure out why Ned and Littlefinger carry such strong love for the Perpetually Scowling Woman.For me, overall, the series has been like a wonderfully arranged piece of music, with Shae being the one ringing false note that I keep struggling to shake out of my head. Then again, I'd probably have sat through several hours of complete crap just to see Dani with her dragons...I am absolutely interested in feedback on the arguable points here, particularly from those that have given the books a far closer reading than I have.-VM
1026	wandarah	2011-06-20	Tyrion likes Shae, because Shae likes Tyrion.
1027	Unnamed	2011-06-20	Tyrion likes Shae, because Shae likes Tyrion.Are you suggesting that, of all the whores in Westeros, Shae is the only one with the sense to act like she likes her john? And this unique quality is the reason that Tyrion goes to the trouble to cart her around with him and try to hide her in plain sight, as opposed to just finding a new whore in King's Landing? Clearly, he has patronized many prostitutes; what makes this one a keeper, for him? Having Tyrion thinking, I think this one actually likes me just doesn't ring very true for me.-VM
1028	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Are you suggesting that, of all the whores in Westeros, Shae is the only one with the sense to act like she likes her john? And this unique quality is the reason that Tyrion goes to the trouble to cart her around with him and try to hide her in plain sight, as opposed to just finding a new whore in King's Landing? Clearly, he has patronized many prostitutes; what makes this one a keeper, for him? Having Tyrion thinking, I think this one actually likes me just doesn't ring very true for me.-VMI think that's where her attitude (show Shae) makes it more believable that he falls so hard for her.  Book Shae seemed like any other whore playing up to him for money.  The fact that tv Shae is a little more hard to get (a relative phrase of course for a whore) makes it much more believable to me.
1029	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Unnamed-
IMO, there is no doubt whatsoever, from the books or the glance to Dany's belly in the show, that the price for Drogo's life is the baby.  IIRC, Miri tells Dany that "she knew the price", and I don't see how a horse's life would be a good blood sacrifice for the life of a powerful man.  I think that's what makes blood magic somewhat taboo as it involves human blood.  The horse was just a ruse.
I also believe that MMD knew exactly what she was doing from the moment she stepped forward.  Obviously she couldn't have know exactly what would happen but there's no doubt that she caused the wound to be as bad as it became and she knew (or made happen) that Drogo would be a veg when she kept him alive.  I really don't think it makes sense to believe otherwise.  Her village was slaughtered, she was repeatedly raped and was looking at being a slave for life, does it make any sense whatsoever to earnestly try to help the leader of the rapers/reavers?  Nope.  She had a chance to kill the Khal that destroyed her life and she took it, then she had the chance to cause even more havoc and she took it.  But again, there seems to be little doubt whatsoever that the price of Drogo's life was Rhaego.  She went into labor right as the spell began.  As to why it was deformed, I don't believe it would've been deformed like that if MMD hadn't intervened.  The bloodmagic transformed it while killing it.
I don't recall the phrophecies or if the book mentioned anything, but the dragons hatching seems to be necessary for the prophecy to be fulfilled.  Her being the last Dragon/Targaeryan had more to do with them hatching than the bloodmagic sacrifice.  Obviously with her surviving the flames, more is going on than Drogo and MMD burning, and Dany's ascension to fulfill her destiny begins.
1030	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	I think that's where her attitude (show Shae) makes it more believable that he falls so hard for her.  Book Shae seemed like any other whore playing up to him for money.  The fact that tv Shae is a little more hard to get (a relative phrase of course for a whore) makes it much more believable to me.In the book, the only thing that made sense was that he was bringing Shae to court to spite his father.  In the show, it seems like it's to spite his father as well as to be around Shae, who's obviously a much more interesting whore than he's used to.  I buy it.
1031	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-20	I've read the books, but I still noticed it. For someone new to the series it will seem strange. We heard the Hound say "I'm no knight" and then he's one of the Kingsguard? Was he one of them all along? It can be confusing, just a line from Cercei when she appointed Jaime instead of Barristan to mention that Sandor is to become Kingsguard would have cleared that.Whoops, my bad - sorry /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I agree that it could be a lot clearer, and the Hound has been totally underused this year. Still clinging to the hope they bring him into the foreground next season, when there's even more scope to do so. If they don't, his desertion at the Blackwater won't mean half as much.Maybe the fact he's not an anointed knight isn't that important, or at least not at this point. If he gets more screentime with Sansa it's likely to come up.And as an aside, I was interested that Larry Williams got it pretty much bang-on about the Hound despite the fact (as far as we're concerned) he barely appears in the adaptation.
1032	Ellroy	2011-06-20	I liked the last episode a lot. It was done really well and most scenes were good, except for the dialogue between Varys and Littlefinger... it's the second pissing contest between them and it feels so out of charachter. The Pycelle sexsposition was fun, it was a comic relief and it worked. 
In general, the pacing was fine and the flow of the narrative was consistent. Best scene: the wakings of the dragons off course and the scene with Sansa, Jeoffrey and my beloved Hound.
Ah, I feared for the dragons but they're done pretty well even if I allways imagined them bigger.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 20 June 2011 - 04:44 PM.
1033	wandarah	2011-06-20	Are you suggesting that, of all the whores in Westeros, Shae is the only one with the sense to act like she likes her john? -VMNo. I'm saying that they genuinely like each other. If that hold true considering their respective natures next season remains to be seen. We know what the books say.It's quite clear though that they hold genuine affection for each other at the moment though.
					
					
							Edited by wandarah, 20 June 2011 - 04:46 PM.
1034	K-Raptor	2011-06-20	Great final episode! I expected the dragons to have longer necks and tails though. I remember reading something on this site about what George R. R. Martin said about his dragons. He described them as having long necks and tails, more serpent-like. That said though, the dragons looked awesome. The final scene is just amazing and makes me craving for more (which we're luckily getting spring 2012).
I'm not so fond of Shae, but in the books I don't like her either. So I guess that's just my problem /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
1035	Raksha the Demon	2011-06-20	It is not the minor change in the character that matters so much, it is the long-term effects on the development of the series that it will have. I'm OK with Cersei's momentous display of empathy for Bran.I'm OK with Catelyn's singular display of senseless violence against Jaime.I'm OK with Tyrion's overstated desire for whores and drinking, as seen in the pilot episode.But Pycelle is a different case entirely. The fact that he is shown to keep up a mask for in front of the court is of much greater relevance to how the series will progress, and is completely disharmonious with the books.I'm actually not okay with Cersei's supposed empathy for Bran.  I didn't believe it; Cersei doesn't give a damn about other people's children unless they are valuable to her own, or to her.  Maybe she was trying to verbally disarm Catelyn.  And I had a real problem with Cersei saying she'd had a black-haired son who had died as an infant.  We know that she never had any black-haired children of Robert's, only Jaime's blond children.  In later novels, Cersei reveals pride in her own consuming of Robert's sperm (off her fingers), she speaks of eating Robert's children; and she has also said that she got aborted the pregnancies that Robert managed to give her - the level of hate and resentment that would inspire a woman in Cersei's position to take these measures is tremendous; and very much a part of Cersei's character.  But in the TV series, Cersei did not hate Robert that much, she appears to borne at least one child to him (I doubt she would lie about that to Catelyn; since it would be known that the Queen had one child who did not survive), and the TV writers seem to imply that the child was Robert's, else why would Cersei have even mentioned the infant's hair color?  Unless the infant was really another of Jaime's blond bastards, and Cersei lied?  Possible, but this was something that Catelyn could have found out with some searching.  Cersei's revelations puzzled me; and made no sense given what we know of her character; unless one accepts, as I probably have to, that TV-Cersei is a rather different character than Book-Cersei.
1036	The King's Foot	2011-06-20	Quick hit thoughts:* Awesome episode through and through* Lancel - they should have had him wearing nothing but his cap, then all the non-readers would have gone "oooooh - that guy!"* Pycelle - loved the Sweatin' to the Oldies moment.  I think the whole scene was there to set GMP up on the level of Varys and LF as a clever game player who's just playing a role day to day.  We know Roz works for LF thanks to the sexposition several eps ago, so here we see GMP playing the role of doddering old fool for LF's benefit via Roz.  Now, the books don't have GMP pulling off any schemes to LF's detriment, but maybe on the show that will change and this scene will make more sense, i.e. he's selling Roz, and therefore LF, on the idea he's a complete non-threat. * I really liked the way they pulled certain scenes up from CoK to this episode.  It felt right.  When Cat starting talking to Jamie though I did almost have a heart attack wondering if they were going to have her free him in exchange for the girls right now!* Marillion getting de-tongued.  Who cares really?  In season 4 they'll have some other random singer hit on Sansa and get blamed for Moon Door-ing Lysa.* Dragons rocked.  Such a well done scene.  Concerned whether the budget will support frequent glimpses of them in S2.  Don't want them direwolved.* Question: if I only let myself read 2-3 pages per day can I stretch ADwD out to the premiere of S2?  I'm dreading SoIaF withdrawal around July 13.Some great quotes in the EW.com interview with the producers.  http://insidetv.ew.c...-season-finale/In the books, characters occasionally have flashbacks to moments with Ned Stark. Did you shoot any additional material with Bean that might be used in later seasons?DB: I wish I could tell you that we did.DW: A lot of those flashbacks take place years ago, and Sean<U+0092>s stuntman looks uncannily like a young Sean Bean, so that may work.ToJ in S2??
1037	D_Richard	2011-06-20	I have no problem with Shae except that I can't see Tyrion falling in love with her. But maybe that's more of a reflection on what I find attractive than what he does. I thought she was better this episode anywayI've always interpreted Tyrion as someone who would fall in love with any  attractive woman that made him think he was being loved in return. Book Tyrion thinks Shae loves him because he's forgotten what she was.TV Tyrion will do the same with this Shae... whom I think is beautiful and interesting thus far in her own right. I look forward to S2 and the fleshing out of her story.
1038	Bronn Stone	2011-06-20	* Pycelle - loved the Sweatin' to the Oldies moment.  I think the whole scene was there to set GMP up on the level of Varys and LF as a clever game player who's just playing a role day to day.  We know Roz works for LF thanks to the sexposition several eps ago, so here we see GMP playing the role of doddering old fool for LF's benefit via Roz.  Now, the books don't have GMP pulling off any schemes to LF's detriment, but maybe on the show that will change and this scene will make more sense, i.e. he's selling Roz, and therefore LF, on the idea he's a complete non-threat.I think it is just as likely she is working for Varys and was spying on LF.  LF may THINK she's his.Separate topic:  Was that Jory's head on the spike next to Mordane?
1039	Vargo's Pet Goat	2011-06-20	When I first saw the Pycelle/Roz seen I thought it was too long and somewhat pointless.  Sicne then smarter folks than me have pointed out that his speech was a bunch of B.S. he spouted specifically so that 1) Roz would report back to LF that Pycelle is firmly in Joffrey's corner, which is what Pycelle wants LF to think, and possibly 2) Pycelle know his comments will get back to Varys as well.  The gist of that scene is that Pycelle is more spry and cunning than he lets on.  I think in light of his interactions with Tyrion in ACOK the scene makes sense and actually gives some quality background that was missing in the books (perhaps intentionally), since in the books it seemed to me that the Tyrion/Pycelle, uh, dispute, kind of came out of left field.  Now it will make a little more sense to the TV viewers who haven't read the books.
I also think MMD honestly knew that her 'healing' of Drogo would mean the baby dies--but she did not know that it would set the stage for the birth of the dragons, of course.
I did not realize that was Marillion.  Can't wait to see who takes his place back at the Vale!  And this may have been mentioned but I don't think he was killed, just de-tongued. Maybe he goes back to the Vale as purely an instrumentalist.  Lysa always liked him.  Think of it.  His new condition will make it much harder to mount a credible defense, he probably doesn't know how to write.
Sorry if these points have been mentioned or overdone but I confess I did not read all 20 of the previous pages.
1040	Eponine	2011-06-20	I think that's where her attitude (show Shae) makes it more believable that he falls so hard for her.  Book Shae seemed like any other whore playing up to him for money.  The fact that tv Shae is a little more hard to get (a relative phrase of course for a whore) makes it much more believable to me.I guess it all depends on what people think Tyrion would or should fall for. It's almost unbelievable to me that he would fall for show Shae. As has been mentioned, he's surrounded by hard to get people who all want to use him. And Tyrion desperately wants to be appreciated, to the point that he acts irrationally not just with Shae but with his father and the entire court. He thinks it's pathetic how grateful he is when Ser Garlan praises him for his part in the battle, but he just can't help himself...  Moreover, show Shae doesn't seem to admire him in any way; I can't imagine her calling him "my giant of Lannister" without irony in her voice. If she's going to pretend to fall for him, why start out so abrasive? Surely there are clients she could pull in that way, but just as many who will kick her out the door - and as for not being a cheap camp follower who would be glad to get a knight or lordling, Bronn took her from a knight a few tents down, she wasn't exactly in a Chataya-like establishment. It would be pretty strange if some random knight had a high born courtesan. If she really does start to fall for him, IMO, it makes her more a villain for her betrayal. There's something incredibly more repulsive about a woman who sells the man she genuinely cares about for the promise of a manse and a marriage to a knight than there is about book Shae who was always a whore. I think that there's a more sympathetic although not entirely innocent story from book Shae's perspective. If the POV were from the perspective of a low born, uneducated whore who knows that her client participated in the gang rape of his first wife and gets more and more disgusted with having not just to fuck the guy but put on an elaborate pretense of love and admiration, until under threats and promises from the queen, she testifies against him falsely... that character is one who I think deserves as much pity as hatred. She was always in above her head. Not everyone has to be a skilled player.
1041	Unnamed	2011-06-20	I think that's where her attitude (show Shae) makes it more believable that he falls so hard for her.  Book Shae seemed like any other whore playing up to him for money.  The fact that tv Shae is a little more hard to get (a relative phrase of course for a whore) makes it much more believable to me.I understand the whole "whore playing hard-to-get" concept--I just don't see it being a good approach for Tyrion. The way I read his character was that he wanted Shae to play the role of Second Coming of Tysha, and she was perfectly willing to do it...and did it well enough that Tyrion started to believe in it, as least a little. Not to say that the smart, hard-to-get whore can't be attractive, but (for me) this is the exact WRONG type of whore for Tyrion's character to be attracted to.I guess we just disagree, which is fine. But I'm trying to encourage you to think specifically about what is endearing to Tyrion, and everything suggests that he doesn't like people who are secretive and, um, schemey. He can play the game with them, but he doesn't like them. And, in the books, it's usually after dealing with his schemey relatives that he is most anxious to see Shae and have her play "simple peasant girl in love" for him. To me, the movie Shae could be a long-lost Lannister cousin, and the Tyrion in MY head would run screaming for the hills after her first few lines of dialog.-VM
1042	Gnomestress	2011-06-20	I think it was the little details that really made this last episode spectacular.
First off - those of you who have been down on Sophie Turner as Sansa should hopefully have more faith in her now.  So far her performance has been a little flat but until the end of the first book, Sansa is fairly boring in the books.  Once Ned's head comes off is when the fun begins.  The scene on the ramparts where she's forced to look at Ned's head was well done, imo.  The look of sheer murder captured in her eyes the moment before she moves to push Joffrey shows that Sophie Turner is more than just a pretty face.  I'm looking forward to seeing what she can do in season 2!
Shaggydog in the crypts.  So much love. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
I liked the detail of how Drogo's pyre went up in flames.  It was a neat touch.  I'd always imagined it as just a big pile of wood, not a rube goldberg-esqe corpse burning device.  The CGI dragons were well done.  I was worried about how they would look but now I see that my worries were not well founded.
I'm continuing to be more interested in Jon during the TV series than in the books.  John Bradley makes one hell of a Samwell.
They.  Have.  My.  Son.  Charles Dance captures the quiet ferocity that is Twyin Lannister.  I swear, that man must have badass in a bottle somewhere and quaffs it between takes.
Here's why the episode got 8/10 instead of 10/10:
Shae.  After reading some arguments here after her debut episode I decided to try my best to give Shae 2.0 a chance to win the devotion of my fangirl heart.  She just doesn't fit.  Shae 2.0 amidst characters like Tyrion, Tywin, Bronn, & Cercei is like Kesha headlining for The Three Tenors (Yes, Pavaratti is dead...but for this example we have raised him from the grave, talent intact).  Yes, she's pretty to look at but compared side by side to real art and talent she is one dementional and pedantic.  Not to mention that Kesha & Shae 2.0 both have a voice that makes me want to drive spikes into my eardrums.
I know she's here to stay and complaining won't do a thing except make me feel better.  She's going to be a bitter pill to swallow.  It's a major disappointment because Tyrion is one of my favorite characters.  Now the scenes where I would normally look forward to seeing I will dread because of this tarted up german version of Fran Drescher.  Do not want!
1043	Unnamed	2011-06-20	Unnamed-IMO...the price for Drogo's life is the baby....The horse was just a ruse.I also believe that MMD knew exactly what she was doing from the moment she stepped forward...The bloodmagic transformed it while killing it.I don't recall the phrophecies or if the book mentioned anything, but the dragons hatching seems to be necessary for the prophecy to be fulfilled. Her being the last Dragon/Targaeryan had more to do with them hatching than the bloodmagic sacrifice. Obviously with her surviving the flames, more is going on than Drogo and MMD burning, and Dany's ascension to fulfill her destiny begins.Well, I certainly can't point to anything in the book that refutes your points--it's not like GRRM explains WHY things happen. However, we definitely have read it differently...and I suspect it pleases GRRM to no end.One thing I'm curious about, which I don't think you mentioned, was the significance of Jorah carrying Dani into the tent. The way the scene played out, it seemed that her entering the tent was a Big Damn Deal, in both the book and the TV show. In your reading of this, what's your interpretation of this event? That is, what would have happened if she had remained outside? Or does it matter? [To my reading, if she had stayed outside, Drogo would still have been a vegetable, but her baby wouldn't have been a dead lizard, and the dragon eggs would have been rocks.]Of course, one thing that's hard for me to reconcile is Dani's perception of the eggs being alive before all this. Since only she perceived it, I've always felt that these were basically premonitions--that is, they were just rocks, but she was picking up on the potential for them to be reanimated.With plot points like this, it fascinates me how different people can read the same events and interpret them so completely differently...-VM
1044	D_Richard	2011-06-20	Shae 2.0 amidst characters like Tyrion, Tywin, Bronn, & Cercei is like Kesha headlining for The Three Tenors (Yes, Pavaratti is dead...but for this example we have raised him from the grave, talent intact).  Yes, she's pretty to look at but compared side by side to real art and talent she is one dementional and pedantic.  Not to mention that Kesha & Shae 2.0 both have a voice that makes me want to drive spikes into my eardrums.Hyperbole like this gives legitimate and well-articulated criticisms a bad name.
1045	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-06-20	I must say that this the last episode of the season felt a bit underwhelming, a bit anti-climactic, but that was perhaps inevitable after all that happened in the last. It was however still a very good episode. With that said I must also announce that Game of Thrones is now officially the best TV show in many years, and one of the best modern ones. Excellent work by HBO. I bow down. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> Some notes:I like they man playing Yoren and how he saved Arya. One wonders why since a Night's Watchman mustn't have any loyalties and yet he helps the daughter of a traitor get away. Must be because she's Benjen's niece.But I wonder how successful Arya will be playing a boy. Maise Williams, for all her excellence, is older than Book Arya and could grow up too fast for it to be plausible.They did good with conveying the same dreams Bran and Rickon had. You could tell how creeped out Osha (who has now cleaned up) felt.Liked the poised dignity displayed by Catelyn when walking past her men, but almost cracking when she got out of sight."And then we will kill them all!" The Lady has strength and resolve. Despite initially not being (or rather looking) who I imagined as Catelyn Stark, I'm now behind Michelle Fairley's portrayal. So much in fact that I caught myself imagining her when I'm re-reading the books.Joffrey is not just a cruel king, he's wimp too for not wanting to watch the bard getting his tongue cut out, despite it being his ruling.I'm already in the camp that sympathises with Sansa, and I really felt for her here. She showed strength not flinching away and then by saying perhaps Robb could bring her Joff's head instead. And she nearly shoved him off the gantry, had the Hound not intervened. I also liked the small scenes she had with the Hound. He was rather gentle towards her.The King in the North! Heck, despite it being strategically unsound, I'm behind it! I don't recall Theon Greyjoy swearing fealty so forcefully as he did. Did he even do that in the book? This will make his treachery all the more repugnant.No Riverrun. I'm pretty sure they were in Riverrun in the book, but I guess they decided to not add another locale this season. Pity, I'm curious as to how it will look on screen.Jaime is an arrogant ass, isn't he? He almost seems like he has a death wish when he speaks with Cat.My, that Lancel Lannister is one skinny ass boy. Much like Loras. Ugh! What was the point of that scene except showing early that he was Cersei's lover.Speaking of pointless scenes, why did they show that scene with Pycelle and Ros? To show that Pycelle is a Lannister loyalist who even thinks Joff has a sense of true greatness? We know that already. That he's more limber than he leads on? I liked that Tywin poured Tyrion's cup of wine. It showed that he's started to appreciate his dwarf son. Pity that won't last. At least he recognises that Tyrion is needed to rule in King's Landing.I also liked the camaraderie shown between Jon Snow and his brothers when they brought him back. It was actually a bit chilling to hear then recite the oath.I didn't catch any mentioning of Daenerys being barren after her "miscarriage". Hm.But man, Dany looked good nekkid and sooted with the dragons crawling over her. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> Excellent CGI work with the dragons. That was one of my main worries about this whole series, that they would frak it up. The dragons were actually rather cute. But not as cute as Emilia Clarke...Gah! Now we have to wait until next spring for season two (they start filming on July 25th).
1046	Unnamed	2011-06-20	I guess it all depends on what people think Tyrion would or should fall for....  Moreover, show Shae doesn't seem to admire him in any way.... If she really does start to fall for him... that character is one who I think deserves as much pity as hatred. She was always in above her head. Not everyone has to be a skilled player.I really liked this post. Although you're reading a lot more into Shae's potential "character" than I ever bothered to, I find it very much "at evens" with my reading of the books.-VM
1047	Unnamed	2011-06-20	Hyperbole like this gives legitimate and well-articulated criticisms a bad name.I think hyperbole like this makes it apparent how boring legitimate and well-articulated criticisms tend to be. We're never going to all agree--why not keep it fun and amusing?-VM
1048	tarantella	2011-06-20	* Question: if I only let myself read 2-3 pages per day can I stretch ADwD out to the premiere of S2?  I'm dreading SoIaF withdrawal around July 13.Sure.  The question is can you really do it?  That sounds like real torture.I don't know why they put the Cersei fucking Lancel bit in so early.  Didn't that come a lot later in the books?  Is Jaime's story going to get accelerated?
					
					
							Edited by tarantella, 20 June 2011 - 05:25 PM.
1049	D_Richard	2011-06-20	If it's fun for you to say a single actress is ruining the entire series, then I'm in the wrong place.
1050	Gnomestress	2011-06-20	Hyperbole like this gives legitimate and well-articulated criticisms a bad name.You're not a fan of humor, are you?  I've given many a long winded criticism over the years and I've found that they generally get ignored or looked over.  Toss in an analogy or a quip and you're bound to get more responses.Thanks for putting words in my mouth though.  I definitely said that she's ruining the whole series.  Word for word.  In bold.  I think there may have even been some sneaky exclamation points that crept in there too.I think hyperbole like this makes it apparent how boring legitimate and well-articulated criticisms tend to be. We're never going to all agree--why not keep it fun and amusing?-VM /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> See VM?  He gets jokes.
1051	D_Richard	2011-06-20	You're not a fan of humor, are you?  I've given many a long winded criticism over the years and I've found that they generally get ignored or looked over.  Toss in an analogy or a quip and you're bound to get more responses.Sensationalism leads to attention. Well, you're right. Because I bit.
1052	JJxvi	2011-06-20	So, do any of the "Shae-haters" want to revise any earlier "They better not replace Shea with Ros!" opinions? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
1053	Sega AM2	2011-06-20	I actually wanted the the dragon scene and the entire season to end with a close up on Drogon where he unleashes a burst of dragon flame which engulfs the entire screen - cut to credits.Nevertheless, the scream echoing around the world worked goosebumpingly well.I believe Dany mentions that the young dragons can't breathe fire. It's why she has to cook their meat herself and feed it to them. One of the few smart things that Viserys passed along to her before he got crowned.
1054	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-20	Actually I really like Shae. And Osha as well for that matter. The latter maybe even more than Shae.
This episode really made me realize just that.
1055	Leuf	2011-06-20	2. The gap between when Dany walks into the fire and how everyone falls asleep while she's supposedly burning. Maybe for people who didn't know what was going to happen, the delay was a moment of great tension and build up. But IMO it was kind of an odd dead spot.Yeah, I thought there was going to be a scene change there and maybe that was the plan but they moved things around in editing.  Also maybe you can have a mega cool fire scene and you can have mega cool dragons, but you can't have mega cool dragons in the mega cool fire scene.  Dany has pretty flat lighting on her once the dragons are there which I imagine makes things easier.As far as Theon goes, with his "Am I your brother?" question, I wonder if they aren't setting it up for later when he goes back to Pyke for them to have a bit of a falling out.  I know in the book it's Theon's idea but they might switch it around.  "You said I was your brother", "My brothers are dead."
1056	The King's Foot	2011-06-20	Actually I really like Shae. And Osha as well for that matter. The latter maybe even more than Shae.This episode really made me realize just that.Maybe b/c Osha equipped an epic hairbrush and you can actually see her face!
1057	Jaxom 1974	2011-06-20	It was excellent.
I wonder a litttle at he idea of Pycelle playing the Game.  Despite some suggestions based on how some have read AFFC, I never saw him as a player...but it makes for more interest in the show...
Giving us scenes from book 2 that were merely narrative description, such as Arya and  Yoren and the group heading for the Wall...but I wasn't enamoured of the Catelyn/Jaime scene,  it would be better at he end of Season 2.
Need to do a rewatch...
1058	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-20	I believe Dany mentions that the young dragons can't breathe fire. It's why she has to cook their meat herself and feed it to them. One of the few smart things that Viserys passed along to her before he got crowned.That's correct. At best they could do small puffs of smoke.
1059	freamon	2011-06-20	I don't know why they put the Cersei fucking Lancel bit in so early.  Didn't that come a lot later in the books?  Is Jaime's story going to get accelerated?That must be the idea. If they followed the books, he would have to be excluded from almost the entire Season 2. 
	Spoiler I don't know exactly how though. They would still have to keep him in the dungeons for a few episodes while Cat goes to meet Renly and comes back with Brienne after Renly's death, which cannot happen early in the season.
I think A Clash of Kings can be done in 6-7 episodes since most of the important stuff happens in A Storm of Swords anyway.
	Spoiler aCoK is mostly preparation for aSoS. Except for Blackwater. Other than that, Dany is chilling in Qarth and the Brothers of the Night's Watch are chilling (literally) north of the Wall without much happening. 
They're already into aCoK so I think the last few episodes of Season 2 can be from aSoS.
1060	tantoten1	2011-06-20	Thanks HBO for showing the ass beautiful Eugene Simon.I am eagerly awaiting the second season. Without a doubt, show the sex scenes.This Julandro persona is obviously Eugene Simon trying to get...something. It is known.
1061	Gnomestress	2011-06-20	So, do any of the "Shae-haters" want to revise any earlier "They better not replace Shea with Ros!" opinions? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Ros is growing on me.  I gave her a chance and rather enjoyed the scene she shared with Pycelle.  I think they're using her to during scenes that add important information or character development that occurs in different scenes in the books.
1062	Kalbear	2011-06-20	Uh, not really.
ACOK has a lot going on. We've got Theon marching on and taking Winterfell (and 'killing' Bran and Rickon). We've got Arya and Harrenhall and Jaqen H'gar. We've got Stannis marching on Renly, Renly marching, Stannis killing Renly, and THEN the Blackwater. Tyrion, Cersei and Sansa are all playing their parts in KL and that's probably the most interesting bit. Plus we'll be seeing more of characters we didn't have PoVs for - like Robb. 
Jon and Dany don't have a ton to do, but the rest of the cast is pretty full of events. 
That being said, it's not that hard to move up Theon's taking of Winterfell and that role, and wind it up by ep 6. Then ep 7 can have Cat freeing Jaime and have him slowly make his way back to KL. He can end up in Harrenhall around the time Arya leaves, which would be pretty amusing, I'd think.
1063	The King's Foot	2011-06-20	Ros is growing on me.  I gave her a chance and rather enjoyed the scene she shared with Pycelle.  I think they're using her to during scenes that add important information or character development that occurs in different scenes in the books.She's like the canary in the coal mine.  If you see Roz, the scene is non-canonical!
1064	Jaxom 1974	2011-06-20	Maybe b/c Osha equipped an epic hairbrush and you can actually see her face!With her hair up, Osha finally didn't have me thinking she was trying to channeling Helena Bonham Carter out of Harry Potter...
1065	Gnomestress	2011-06-20	* Marillion getting de-tongued.  Who cares really?  In season 4 they'll have some other random singer hit on Sansa and get blamed for Moon Door-ing Lysa.That was Marillion?  Are you sure?  There was a scene in the books where Joffrey gives a singer a chance to choose between his fingers and his tongue.  It wasn't Marillion though...did they mention Marillion's name in the scene or did you recognize the actor?  Just wondering. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I'll have to rewatch that part.
1066	Unnamed	2011-06-20	So, do any of the "Shae-haters" want to revise any earlier "They better not replace Shea with Ros!" opinions? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />For what it's worth, that could have been done in a way that is less grating (for me) than the Shae they came up with. Then again, I never was all that offended by the sexposition. My wife was, though. She has a knack for walking into the room when those scenes are on...she believes that the show is nothing but soft porn. And trying to convince her otherwise is...just not worth it.For me, the sexposition scenes were like HBO putting their signature on it, a comical way to handle talky scenes (okay, the Littlefinger scene seemed like it would never end). I will say, though, that for a while I was wondering if anyone in Westeros did it any other way than doggy style...fortunately, Dani was willing to experiment. Since then, I've been waiting for someone to say that Jaime takes his sister the way a dog takes a bitch.-VM
1067	Gnomestress	2011-06-20	Sensationalism leads to attention. Well, you're right. Because I bit.I'm glad that's what you took from what I wrote.  Truly, you are a paragon amongst forum dwellers.  I have seen the error of my ways.  Sarcasm, analogy, and any hint of amusing sentiment are a scourge and should be purged from the internet.Seriously, some of us are going to not like things you like.  We might even say that in a way you don't find pleasing.  The horror.
					
					
							Edited by Gnomestress, 20 June 2011 - 06:20 PM.
1068	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-20	Maybe b/c Osha equipped an epic hairbrush and you can actually see her face!Me: Well, it looks like Osha finally got her hands on some good conditioner.My wife: And you have to figure that Winterfell's hard water had something to do with it as well.It was excellent.I wonder a litttle at he idea of Pycelle playing the Game.  Despite some suggestions based on how some have read AFFC, I never saw him as a player...but it makes for more interest in the show...I think there's a shade of gray here - I don't think it's accurate to characterize everyone as either a player or not.  Clearly, there are people who are VERY involved in the game - Cersei, Tyrion, LF, Varys, etc.  And clearly there are people who want nothing to do with it - Ned, Brienne, etc.  But Pycelle is involved.  He may not be the best player, and he may only be in at the first layer, but in the books, he's got a hidden agenda that's revealed when he informs Cersei of Tyrion's plan.  It's also still possible that he's even more involved, but it hasn't been revealed to us yet.  His hidden agenda may be very simple.  It would still behoove him to project a frail image so he's underestimated by those with competing interests.
1069	The King's Foot	2011-06-20	That was Marillion?  Are you sure?  There was a scene in the books where Joffrey gives a singer a chance to choose between his fingers and his tongue.  It wasn't Marillion though...did they mention Marillion's name in the scene or did you recognize the actor?  Just wondering. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I'll have to rewatch that part.I didn't realize it either but read it in another post that it was the same actor.  Haven't gone back to look at the scene again myself but it seems accepted.  Rather than pay another actor for a speaking part they used the singer we know from before.  No biggie as far as I'm concerned.
1070	Gnomestress	2011-06-20	I didn't realize it either but read it in another post that it was the same actor.  Haven't gone back to look at the scene again myself but it seems accepted.  Rather than pay another actor for a speaking part they used the singer we know from before.  No biggie as far as I'm concerned.I agree.  There's no lack of scummy singers in Westeros.
1071	freamon	2011-06-20	ACOK has a lot going on. We've got Theon marching on and taking Winterfell (and 'killing' Bran and Rickon). We've got Arya and Harrenhall and Jaqen H'gar. We've got Stannis marching on Renly, Renly marching, Stannis killing Renly, and THEN the Blackwater. Tyrion, Cersei and Sansa are all playing their parts in KL and that's probably the most interesting bit. Plus we'll be seeing more of characters we didn't have PoVs for - like Robb. Obviously stuff happens, it's still a huge book. But all the things you listed above can be handled in half a season. I seriously doubt they would keep Dany in the purgatory that is Qarth for more than half a season.  I think they will speed it up, even if it's just for her sake and get to the parts when she actually does stuff, because she's the favorite character of a lot of viewers right now.
1072	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-20	I think A Clash of Kings can be done in 6-7 episodes since most of the important stuff happens in A Storm of Swords anyway.
	Spoiler aCoK is mostly preparation for aSoS. Except for Blackwater. Other than that, Dany is chilling in Qarth and the Brothers of the Night's Watch are chilling (literally) north of the Wall without much happening. 
They're already into aCoK so I think the last few episodes of Season 2 can be from aSoS.That's unlikely, unfortunately: GRRM said in his blog that the Blackwater episode is #9. More time for character development up till then - it can be even more faithful to the books.NMH. Just sayin'  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
1073	IheartTesla	2011-06-20	Let me put down my thoughts of the episode
- Osha was hot all cleaned up. There, I said it
- As soon as I saw that naked leg in Pycelle's bed, I knew who it would be. I chuckled, knowing the reaction that it would get here and elsewhere on the internets. I was a bit annoyed too, truth be told. I'm sure we can come up with reasons why that scene was necessary, or what purpose it served. But it was not entertaining to watch.
- GoT is really lucky to have so many good child actors. Jack Gleeson is nailing it, and even Clark isnt that old, and she's done an awesome job.
- Not feeling Shae. 
- Mormont taking his rangers north of the Wall was epic, this show does music quite well setting the tone of a scene.
- I loved, loved, loved the dragons. Hearing them screech at the end was the perfect finale. 
All in all, it didnt quite have the emotional impact of the penultimate episode (except for the dragon hatching), but that's understandable. It was a solid end to what has been a very, very enjoyable season thus far.
1074	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	I'm actually not okay with Cersei's supposed empathy for Bran.  I didn't believe it; Cersei doesn't give a damn about other people's children unless they are valuable to her own, or to her.  Maybe she was trying to verbally disarm Catelyn.  And I had a real problem with Cersei saying she'd had a black-haired son who had died as an infant.  We know that she never had any black-haired children of Robert's, only Jaime's blond children.  In later novels, Cersei reveals pride in her own consuming of Robert's sperm (off her fingers), she speaks of eating Robert's children; and she has also said that she got aborted the pregnancies that Robert managed to give her - the level of hate and resentment that would inspire a woman in Cersei's position to take these measures is tremendous; and very much a part of Cersei's character.  But in the TV series, Cersei did not hate Robert that much, she appears to borne at least one child to him (I doubt she would lie about that to Catelyn; since it would be known that the Queen had one child who did not survive), and the TV writers seem to imply that the child was Robert's, else why would Cersei have even mentioned the infant's hair color?  Unless the infant was really another of Jaime's blond bastards, and Cersei lied?  Possible, but this was something that Catelyn could have found out with some searching.  Cersei's revelations puzzled me; and made no sense given what we know of her character; unless one accepts, as I probably have to, that TV-Cersei is a rather different character than Book-Cersei.Showing that Robert's offspring, coupled with Jon Arryn's dying words "The seed is strong", is the onl reason for that scene.  It was their way of showing what the blonde hair of Joffrey implies.
1075	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	I guess it all depends on what people think Tyrion would or should fall for. It's almost unbelievable to me that he would fall for show Shae. As has been mentioned, he's surrounded by hard to get people who all want to use him. And Tyrion desperately wants to be appreciated, to the point that he acts irrationally not just with Shae but with his father and the entire court. He thinks it's pathetic how grateful he is when Ser Garlan praises him for his part in the battle, but he just can't help himself...  Moreover, show Shae doesn't seem to admire him in any way; I can't imagine her calling him "my giant of Lannister" without irony in her voice. If she's going to pretend to fall for him, why start out so abrasive? Surely there are clients she could pull in that way, but just as many who will kick her out the door - and as for not being a cheap camp follower who would be glad to get a knight or lordling, Bronn took her from a knight a few tents down, she wasn't exactly in a Chataya-like establishment. It would be pretty strange if some random knight had a high born courtesan. If she really does start to fall for him, IMO, it makes her more a villain for her betrayal. There's something incredibly more repulsive about a woman who sells the man she genuinely cares about for the promise of a manse and a marriage to a knight than there is about book Shae who was always a whore. I think that there's a more sympathetic although not entirely innocent story from book Shae's perspective. If the POV were from the perspective of a low born, uneducated whore who knows that her client participated in the gang rape of his first wife and gets more and more disgusted with having not just to fuck the guy but put on an elaborate pretense of love and admiration, until under threats and promises from the queen, she testifies against him falsely... that character is one who I think deserves as much pity as hatred. She was always in above her head. Not everyone has to be a skilled player.All I can say is 'wait and see'.  Those are my thoughts on why the Shaes are different.  However, if you were a dwarf and paid for women constantly, and were a smart and intellectual fellow, what would intrigue you more: just another in a constant stream of whores saying the same things, showing the same affection and all motivated by money, or a whore who seems to not care so much about the money, who challenges the jon with a feisty attitude and who had a different path to whoredom than the typical whore (as shown in the game they played in ep 9)?  We know Tyrion is smarter and more well read than most people in the country so appealing to his intellectual side with mystery seems to be the route they're going.
1076	Eponine	2011-06-20	So, do any of the "Shae-haters" want to revise any earlier "They better not replace Shea with Ros!" opinions? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I repent! I confess, I wish they'd replaced Shae with Ros. I don't think that Ros is a poor actress or an annoying character. She can be charming the way that Shae was supposed to be, and I can easily imagine her turning on the smiles for Tyrion. My two complaints with her sexposition scenes (besides the one with LF which nothing will make me approve of) is that they tend to go on too long, probably at the expense of developing other characters who are plot important (Robb in early episodes, the Hound, Beric Dondarrion), and that at this point it seems pretty ridiculous that she manages to sleep with almost every important character (N+R=J, you know it's true). As I already said, a reveal that she's been one of Varys spies from the beginning would improve the second problem. While I don't think it would have been suitable for Tyrion's whore to be someone that everyone in the North had slept with or almost slept with, they could have gotten almost any chick with nice boobs for shortened scenes with Theon, taken out the LF part altogether, and then the actress who plays Ros would have been a good Shea as long as she refrained from sleeping with everyone else in the seven kingdoms - because then what would Cersei have to do.
1077	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Well, I certainly can't point to anything in the book that refutes your points--it's not like GRRM explains WHY things happen. However, we definitely have read it differently...and I suspect it pleases GRRM to no end.One thing I'm curious about, which I don't think you mentioned, was the significance of Jorah carrying Dani into the tent. The way the scene played out, it seemed that her entering the tent was a Big Damn Deal, in both the book and the TV show. In your reading of this, what's your interpretation of this event? That is, what would have happened if she had remained outside? Or does it matter? [To my reading, if she had stayed outside, Drogo would still have been a vegetable, but her baby wouldn't have been a dead lizard, and the dragon eggs would have been rocks.]Of course, one thing that's hard for me to reconcile is Dani's perception of the eggs being alive before all this. Since only she perceived it, I've always felt that these were basically premonitions--that is, they were just rocks, but she was picking up on the potential for them to be reanimated.With plot points like this, it fascinates me how different people can read the same events and interpret them so completely differently...-VMHer baby might not be a dead lizard, but it would be dead.  I don't think the eggs hatching have anything to do with MMD's blood magic spell, however the trauma that Dany goes through during MMD's Revenge might be an emotional/supernatural trigger for the eggs to hatch.  And maybe she needed to "burn" as well to activate the eggs.  And that would easily explain her empathy with the eggs.
1078	wandarah	2011-06-20	I'd like to say that Ros is being well acted. I also have no idea why she's in it so much, but I suspect she's going to play off LF a lot next series. 
She's just got a droll, wry wit about her that I really like. And a cracking pair of jugs.
1079	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-20	For whomever it was, who asked earlier: We learn about Lancel and Cersei about midway (a little less) through aCoK but it is implied to have started approximately when Jaime got captured
1080	ZombieWife	2011-06-20	I'm in the pro-whores bandwagon.
I like Ros.  I do think her presences feels like a bit of a writing device, but in truth?  I think the actress is great.  I enjoyed her scenes with Theon, especially the goodbye scene.
I adore Shae.  I think they picked a really great actress.  I like her character.  I think she has wonderful chemistry with Tyrion (Dinklage).
1081	brokor	2011-06-20	Even if they replace shae with Ros, they will still fail on this role.
my only complaints in casting so far (apart from children's age which is perfectly understandable in TV)is Shae and Cat.
Cat i imagined younger and more fiesty yet gentle, shae i imagined younger, giddy and naive. shae shouldnt be curious, mysterious or interrogating after tyrion's decisions. she is a girl that makes a living out of whoring but still has fun and is fascinated by being so close to a powerful man like tyrion. she teases and pleases, she is not supposed to make him think or judge him. 
Ros was fine up untill the LF scene. the "play with her ass" line just ruined any credibility of those nude scenes. up untill then i thought that even theon-ros scenes had a reason to be there and they did. but after that moment i might aswell fastforward through those scenes. dont get me wrong i love boobies as much as the next guy but i would prefer to see cat's boobs in ep1 when she is in shock after her sister's letter (shaggy as they may be) than 2 whores who steal screen time. (scenes like jory looking at a whore's breasts before he dies or dany feeding her milk to the dragons are fine since they are fillers not scenes of their own)
ros would also make a bad shae anyway. she is too seductive and trained in the art of whoring to be anything but. shae gave me the appearance of a farmer girl turned whore not some damned professional. after all bronn found her in a camp not in a brothel or shanaya's house.
1082	johnnysd	2011-06-20	Pycelle was a Lannister lackey in the books, nothing more.  He wasn't a "player" like Varys, Littlefinger, the Imp, etc.Don't be so sure of that.
1083	Kalbear	2011-06-20	Yeah - given what we know of the Citadel from AFFC it seems clear that there's a lot more to the maesters than meets the eye. Plus...why would Pycelle say that he killed Jon Arryn? I mean...how many people actually poisoned the guy? Lysa admits to it, Ser Hugh is implicated, Pycelle admits to it. Did anyone not poison him? 
Plus he either lied or insinuated that Margaery slept around, and we know that wasn't true (or at least wasn't nearly so accurate). At the time I thought it was just to support Cersei's play, but if he was actually making a case to get her put away and get Kevan back...that's not bad.
1084	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-20	I have to say, I'm pretty underwhelmed by this thread. The constant pettiness, pedantry and lack of perspective about television and it's majority audience or insight in general seems out of character.
I can't believe no one has mentioned how annoying overcritical complaining is yet. I mean, I haven't read the thread or anything, but still...
I'm disappointed that they didn't show Dolorous Ed being dolorous. This pretty much defines the entire Night's Watch's character. They couldn't lose 20 seconds of Mormont uselessly blah-blahing about what's going on north of the Wall to give us some Dolorous Ed?
Also, why is no one upset that Joffrey is being portrayed as having short hair? That was NOT in the books! I can't understand why they would change something so critical to his character and later developments. HBO really dropped the ball here. 
AND WHERE ARE THE DIREWOLVES!? That used to be a staple of these threads, logical explanation be damned. It's not like it would have cost that much to have a few more whiny posts about direwolves.
And oh god Ros. There is so much fucking Ros in these threads I'd lose an eye to never have to see her in a thread again! No, I don't care if she had like 6 scenes in ten episodes. Enough is enough. As a heterosexual male I can honestly tell you that I literally can't look at tits anymore without puking my ass off through my face in a clown car. Literally.
*sigh*
I'll keep reading, for now. 
But if any typos happen, ever
I WILL NEVER READ THESE THREADS AGAIN!
1085	Xanrn	2011-06-20	Why has all the boldness gone.
First Tywin has a full set of hair.
Second Dany hair survives her ritual, baahhhhh.
Also I got to say it made Dany look even more like she knowingly performed a Life for Life spell to get her dragons.
Poor Maegi woman made to look evil when she was only killing baby Hitler and getting some revenge, everybody else in the series after revenge isn't made to look evil.
1086	Bronn Stone	2011-06-20	Loved two bits from interviews today that shed a lot of light on the decisions to downplay the direwolves and large mounted battles.
In her interview with Ran and Linda, Natalia Tena mentioned that the small scene in the crypts took far more takes than one would normally expect because instead of growling at her, the dog portraying Shaggydog kept coming up and licking her face.
And in another interview, one of the D&D pair mentioned that they've learned that just adding a horse to a scene doubles the time spent making the shot correct.  This of course all but doubles the expense involved as well.  Animals and children are the bane of the serious actor.  GoT has both in abundance.
1087	Greywolf2375	2011-06-20	Loved two bits from interviews today that shed a lot of light on the decisions to downplay the direwolves and large mounted battles.In her interview with Ran and Linda, Natalia Tena mentioned that the small scene in the crypts took far more takes than one would normally expect because instead of growling at her, the dog portraying Shaggydog kept coming up and licking her face.And in another interview, one of the D&D pair mentioned that they've learned that just adding a horse to a scene doubles the time spent making the shot correct.  This of course all but doubles the expense involved as well.  Animals and children are the bane of the serious actor.  GoT has both in abundance.May not be able to watch the crypt scene again knowing that.  "yeah, Shaggy is badass...right up until he rolls over with his feet in the air asking for belly scratches".
1088	Triskan	2011-06-20	Now that the whole season is over: Characters/casting I loved (or loved to hate): Ned, Sansa, Tywin, Jaime, Lysa, Joffrey, Robert, Varys, Viserys, Jorah, SamCharacters/casting I liked (a lot): Catelyn, Arya, Bran, Theon, Maester Luwin, Greatjon and other Northmen, Syrio, Jory, Septa Mordane, Tyrion, Gregor, Mord, Walder Frey, the Hound, Littlefinger, Barriston, Pycelle, Beric, Khal Drogo, Rakharo, Doreah, Mormont, Jon, Benjen, Alliser Thorne, Yoren, GendryCharacters/casting that were alright: Robb, Rickon, Hodor, Ser Rodrik, Cersei, Kevan, Lancel, Robin Arryn, Cersei, Ilyn Payne, Ros, Dany, Illyrio, Maester Aemon, Pyp and GrennCharacters/casting that I hated: Shae, Renly, Loras, MMD, OshaOK, I like this post as a meta-analysis at the end.  You and I agree on quite a bit.  Renly and Loras are the two biggest disappointments to me.  Not that the actors have sucked, but they just do not fit the book versions for me.  My biggest disagreement with you might be Cercei (and I'm not sure if you mentioned her twice to make a point, or if you just goofed).  I think Heady is doing an awesome job.  I'd have her in my top tier.  My other bid disagreement w/ you is that I think TV Robb is fucking awesome.  Other than those two, we are pretty much in line (I might put LF in the top tier, but it's close).  I have to put Syrio in my top tier.  I know that he doesn't fit some aspects of the book description, but the guy just owns the camera.  OK, so not just at Ep but at everyone:  As I mentioned earlier, I've only read books 2 and 3 one time each.  Why is Shae getting so much hate?  I guess I don't remember the specifics of the book character well enough to understand why.  Again, I just don't remember the books well enough from one read, so any feedback would be appreciated.
1089	sweetrobin	2011-06-20	What I have not seen anyone else point out is that this episode has a beautiful point of symmetry with the first episode. With the first epsiode, I thought it was strange that when the Others killed the wildlings, they had made a strange looking symbol from the bodies, something that was not outlined in the book. When Drogo was on the pyre in episode ten, the formation of the kindling recalled that scene to me. To me, this was a nice balance, not just between the beginning and the end of the first season, but as the awakening of the Others (Ice) and the awakening of Dragons (Fire). 
Unrelated, did anyone notice Shae's ring? It looks a lot like an eye, stylistically quite a bit like Mirri's necklace. Interesting.
1090	kairparavel	2011-06-20	Best-selling fantasy author George R. R. Martin tried to make Game of Thrones <U+0096> and the three books that follow it in his Song of Ice and Fire  series <U+0097> <U+0093>unfilmable.<U+0094> Says the writer: <U+0093>I had worked in Hollywood  myself for about 10 years, from the late <U+0092>80s to the <U+0092>90s. I<U+0092>d been on  the staff of The Twilight Zone and Beauty and the Beast.  All of my first drafts tended to be too big or too expensive. I always  hated the process of having to cut.<U+0094> When he took up novel-writing  afterward, he recalls: <U+0093>I said, <U+0091>I<U+0092>m sick of this, I<U+0092>m going to write  something that<U+0092>s as big as I want it to be, and it<U+0092>s going to have a  cast of characters that go into the thousands, and I<U+0092>m going to have  huge castles, and battles, and dragons.    http://insidetv.ew.c...rge-r-r-martin/In the 1990s, George R.R. Martin was just another fantasy author with a few awards, novels and television episodes to his credit. Frustrated at hearing that his scripts were too elaborate to be  filmed, Martin decided to write novels that were completely unfilmable.He imagined a sprawling political saga, set in a medieval fantasy  kingdom that runs on deceit, plunder, sex and beheadings. While the high  lords play their game of thrones, they are ignoring a greater threat --  undead monsters of the North who are growing restless and moving toward  the cities in the south.   http://www.cleveland...ilm_george.html"Did  we tell you the story about [GRRM<U+0092>s experience as a TV writer on], I  think it was <U+0093>The New Twilight Zone<U+0094>? He had written a scene with  knights battling on horses at Stonehenge, and the director came to him  and said, 'You can have the horses or you can have Stongehenge.' That's  how we frame things: Sorry, we wish we could do all this, but we have to  make a horse/Stonehenge choice."David Benioff - Show Runner - Game of Thrones   Bronn Stone's sigSo, there it is folks. We never, ever stood a chance of having one big happy family on this, when the guy who created did it in such a way as to never be able to capture it on film. And every fucking week we've had a horses/Stonehenge choice made on some level. Some minor. Some major. Why was Tyrion reduced to comedic fodder in battle? Why was the red comet never shown? Why did Robert want to joust in the tournament instead of melee? Why is The Hound so emo? Why does Loras look like he hasn't showered in three months? Why can't they get Lancel some nice hair? Why does a story about battles and war show none of it? Why are the direwolves suddenly not important to the Stark children?Why was a man, so frustrated by Hollywood and the creative decisions made, ok with having his life's work picked apart and put back together to fit television, when it wasn't his original vision, seeing as his original vision couldn't be filmed. Why not just say "Sorry, I don't want to have to make choices"? Have some of the nitpicks been over the top? (Ghost barks! Oh noes!) yes. But not all of them. Most have been reasonable gripes from reasonable people who enjoy and love this series and each had an idea of how it would go. For many of us it hasn't gone that way. We get to talk about it as much as the people who love love love everything about it. And it's for the the reasons above - this shouldn't be on television. It's painfully obvious. In order to do more with budget, no battles. In order to get more back story out there (which I admit is difficult in a tale with multi POV) without constant voice overs, we get the same invented whore, over and over again. Some has been fantastic - King of the North moved me. Eddard's death made me cry all three times I watched it. I think the child actors have been fantastic. And I hope it gets better, but I don't think it will. There's too much to tell, with too little time and budget to do it right. And most of us, we want horses and Stonehenge every episode. Everyone should have wanted both, or none at all.
1091	Eponine	2011-06-20	Why is Shae getting so much hate?  I guess I don't remember the specifics of the book character well enough to understand why.  To summarize several pages of threads - many people think that the exotic, mysterious and complex aspect is wrong for the character and the change in her character changes Tyrion's motivations for (stupidly in both cases) falling in love with her, which changes the kind of person that Tyrion is. Those who like her generally think either that she's enough of a minor character that the changes are essentially unimportant, or think that she's gives Tyrion's attraction a more realistic focus, since a smart person like Tyrion might prefer a smart companion.(Mostly I just find her annoying on a gut level. I could never listen to her blather at me all day, and since I like Tyrion so much and otherwise want to spend a lot of screen time with him, they're the TV equivalent of the good friend with the really annoying girlfriend).
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 20 June 2011 - 09:06 PM.
1092	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	OK, I like this post as a meta-analysis at the end.  You and I agree on quite a bit.  Renly and Loras are the two biggest disappointments to me.  Not that the actors have sucked, but they just do not fit the book versions for me.  My biggest disagreement with you might be Cercei (and I'm not sure if you mentioned her twice to make a point, or if you just goofed).  I think Heady is doing an awesome job.  I'd have her in my top tier.  My other bid disagreement w/ you is that I think TV Robb is fucking awesome.  Other than those two, we are pretty much in line (I might put LF in the top tier, but it's close).  I have to put Syrio in my top tier.  I know that he doesn't fit some aspects of the book description, but the guy just owns the camera.  OK, so not just at Ep but at everyone:  As I mentioned earlier, I've only read books 2 and 3 one time each.  Why is Shae getting so much hate?  I guess I don't remember the specifics of the book character well enough to understand why.  Again, I just don't remember the books well enough from one read, so any feedback would be appreciated.Like being good with a sword and having a believable (not comically bad) accent?  Yeah, he differs from the book a bit.  Add in being a chubby Kenny Powers lookalike and you've got THE most disappointing character from the books.  Hopefully a different actor plays Jaqen.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know most of you loved him.  Blah blah blah.  He hit a few lines pretty well but any time he was in motion he was a liability.  Watch his last scene again, tell me how he killed/disabled the Lannister he grabs by the back of the neck and puts his WOODEN sword up to his neck.  Might've given him a nasty papercut or sliver, but that was beyond ridiculous.  And I know, that isn't the bad actor's fault, but damn it was awful.
1093	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	OK, I like this post as a meta-analysis at the end.  You and I agree on quite a bit.  Renly and Loras are the two biggest disappointments to me.  Not that the actors have sucked, but they just do not fit the book versions for me.  My biggest disagreement with you might be Cercei (and I'm not sure if you mentioned her twice to make a point, or if you just goofed).  I think Heady is doing an awesome job.  I'd have her in my top tier.  My other bid disagreement w/ you is that I think TV Robb is fucking awesome.  Other than those two, we are pretty much in line (I might put LF in the top tier, but it's close).  I have to put Syrio in my top tier.  I know that he doesn't fit some aspects of the book description, but the guy just owns the camera.  OK, so not just at Ep but at everyone:  As I mentioned earlier, I've only read books 2 and 3 one time each.  Why is Shae getting so much hate?  I guess I don't remember the specifics of the book character well enough to understand why.  Again, I just don't remember the books well enough from one read, so any feedback would be appreciated.BECAUSE SHE'S DIFFERENT THAN THE BOOK !!11!!!1!  ZOMFG!!111!1
1094	Tears of Lys	2011-06-20	/snip awesome post (you can read it upthread /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)Great way to put it.  I agree with most.  I'm still enjoying it.  If people can get over the fact that it's NOT the book(s), then they'll take it for what it is, enjoy it, and have fun.
1095	Eponine	2011-06-20	Uh, Mad Sweeney - can you not accept that people not liking Shae is pretty much like you not liking Syrio? You think he's not good with a sword and I think she's not good at acting like a whore (whether she's high born or exotic or whatever, she's fucking for money). You think his accent is comical, and I think her accent is grating. You don't think his appearance is right and I don't think her appearance is right. Where's the difference that makes your analysis of Syrio reasonable and other people's analysis of Shae ZOMFG stupid?
1096	Mudguard	2011-06-20	OK, so not just at Ep but at everyone:  As I mentioned earlier, I've only read books 2 and 3 one time each.  Why is Shae getting so much hate?  I guess I don't remember the specifics of the book character well enough to understand why.  Again, I just don't remember the books well enough from one read, so any feedback would be appreciated.Yeah, I'm with you in that I don't have a big problem with TV Shae.  To me, Shae wasn't that important to the story until she ends up testifying against Tyrion, leading him to murder her.  If those parts are eventually shown (assuming the TV series goes that long), it doesn't bother me that her personality has changed.  It's not that important to me what type of woman Tyrion prefers.  What matters is that they show her betrayal (from his point of view) and his response.  If they changed those things though, I would have a problem with it.
1097	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	Uh, Mad Sweeney - can you not accept that people not liking Shae is pretty much like you not liking Syrio? You think he's not good with a sword and I think she's not good at acting like a whore (whether she's high born or exotic or whatever, she's fucking for money). You think his accent is comical, and I think her accent is grating. You don't think his appearance is right and I don't think her appearance is right. Where's the difference that makes your analysis of Syrio reasonable and other people's analysis of Shae ZOMFG stupid?First off, I KNOW he's no good with a sword.  I don't like him for technical reasons, not because he's not what I pictured or he's not how he was in the book, or they spent 20 seconds too long on him in epsiode 6.  I wouldn't care if he was 19 years old with hair down to his ass if he could swing a sword like he knew what he was doing.  My only care for his appearance is that it doesn't capture the 'essence' of Syrio, that is, a badass swordsman.  Shae only needs to appear as a whore to capture her essence.  Done.  Her purpose and storyline isn't clear yet so all the doom and gloomers are wailing about something they don't know about yet, because both her and Tyrion are different than book T and S.  Whereas my complaint about Syrio is known now.  He can't sword fight for shit and his accent is stupid.  I'm not sure I've illustrated the difference, but I've also not gone on and on about how this and this is RUINED because of this whore or that one.  Technical vs ideals is what it boils down to.
1098	Tyrion Thr Terrible	2011-06-20	As much as everyone here (me included) has gotten nit picky about the things they were looking forward to seeing but didn't, and those seeing things that weren't in the book, I have to say, overall this first season was spot on when it comes to adaptation. Are there any among us here 100% satisfied with the final product? No, but I believe the majority of us would agree everyone over there at HBO achieved an amazing feat by pulling it off! With that said I have a strong feeling that come half-way through season 2 the majority will be singing a different tune. The challenge for HBO now is to keep the non-reading audience from getting lost in the story considering so many elements are simultaneously happening, and in doing so I believe we are going to be seeing more and more of a hybridization bouncing around all 4 books. And you know what, I'm still going to be tuning each week as are each and everyone of you.... See you next year! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1099	Mudguard	2011-06-20	As much as everyone here (me included) has gotten nit picky about the things they were looking forward to seeing but didn't, and those seeing things that weren't in the book, I have to say, overall this first season was spot on when it comes to adaptation. Are there any among us here 100% satisfied with the final product? No, but I believe the majority of us would agree everyone over there at HBO achieved an amazing feat by pulling it off! With that said I have a strong feeling that come half-way through season 2 the majority will be singing a different tune. The challenge for HBO now is to keep the non-reading audience from getting lost in the story considering so many elements are simultaneously happening, and in doing so I believe we are going to be seeing more and more of a hybridization bouncing around all 4 books. And you know what, I'm still going to be tuning each week as are each and everyone of you.... See you next year! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah, this is my sentiment too.  Thought they did a great job overall and am looking forward to season 2.  Sure, certain things bothered me.  Like the way the Others looked like albino ape men (actually they weren't even that white despite being nicknamed White Walkers!).  Does the way they look have any impact on the overall story?  Probably not.  Oh well.
1100	fitheach	2011-06-20	I'm in the pro-whores bandwagon.I like Ros.  I do think her presences feels like a bit of a writing device, but in truth?  I think the actress is great.  I enjoyed her scenes with Theon, especially the goodbye scene.I adore Shae.  I think they picked a really great actress.  I like her character.  I think she has wonderful chemistry with Tyrion (Dinklage).I agree, I don't mind Roz per se (and the actress has been great)- it's how they've written her scenes... Too long and too much of the same (Yeah yeah, she's a whore so she's supposed to be naked- bla bla bla). The writers just haven't been very imaginative in how to work her character into the story. Next season I'd like to see where they're going with her as (probably) Varys' spy (with  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  her clothes on a little more) and less LF ass touch type scenes. I have no problem with Shae.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 20 June 2011 - 10:12 PM.
1101	wolverine	2011-06-20	Just adding that I was a little jarred that Dany's hair was not burned, but do not really care at all.  I mean, it is magic, right?  It actually makes more sense that no actual part of her burns rather than just her hair.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 20 June 2011 - 10:38 PM.
1102	Lord Mord	2011-06-20	I am disappointed with pretty much all the griping and bitching.But I'd also like to know who is this fellow supposed to have been who "really" dies in Storm, but who was shown dying this season.As far as I can tell, it never happened.
1103	Mudguard	2011-06-20	Regarding some of the new exposition scenes, some worked for me, so didn't.  What worked - the bantering between LF and Varys was entertaining.  I like the rivalry they've set up between the two.  I don't recall them ever going head to head like this in the book, but I like the change.
What didn't work - the Ros/LF sexposition scene.  Found it bizarre for LF to be explaining things to Ros while he was giving them instructions on how to perform as whores.
1104	Doom of Valyria	2011-06-20	What a great ending to a great season. Absolutely loved it - the mustering of the Night's Watch and the dragons were both majorly epic. Can't wait for season 2!
Hopefully the dragons won't be as MIA as the wolves were. I'm not sure how difficult/expensive the CG for them is, less than the wolves I would think.
HBO, D&D, and the cast did a phenomenal job. It was all so true to the spirit of the books, but also had some great added content that made it their own. Bravo to them all!
1105	Kalzakath	2011-06-20	My only gripe with the episode was the MMD didn't do her complete line when she was talking about when Dany would get Khal Drogo back. I mean, it really couldn't have been that hard to add in the extra 15 words right?
1106	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-20	My only gripe with the episode was the MMD didn't do her complete line when she was talking about when Dany would get Khal Drogo back. I mean, it really couldn't have been that hard to add in the extra 15 words right?There's got to be a reason for it.  That's a rather important plot point, IMO, so I'm sure they have a good reason for excluding it.  Have a little faith, Moriarty!
1107	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-21	http://insidetv.ew.c...rge-r-r-martin/http://www.cleveland...ilm_george.html   Bronn Stone's sigSo, there it is folks. We never, ever stood a chance of having one big happy family on this, when the guy who created did it in such a way as to never be able to capture it on film. And every fucking week we've had a horses/Stonehenge choice made on some level. Some minor. Some major. Why was Tyrion reduced to comedic fodder in battle? Why was the red comet never shown? Why did Robert want to joust in the tournament instead of melee? Why is The Hound so emo? Why does Loras look like he hasn't showered in three months? Why can't they get Lancel some nice hair? Why does a story about battles and war show none of it? Why are the direwolves suddenly not important to the Stark children?Why was a man, so frustrated by Hollywood and the creative decisions made, ok with having his life's work picked apart and put back together to fit television, when it wasn't his original vision, seeing as his original vision couldn't be filmed. Why not just say "Sorry, I don't want to have to make choices"? Why?  Are you serious?  Why accept someone's offer of a totally free $60 million dollar advertising campaign for your new book and series, not to mention paying him tons of money for the rights to the story, the exec producer salary and a little bonus of a writer's salary for an episode or two?  Seriously?  Why?  It's been what, 6 years since the last book?  No one but the longtime readers are gonna buy it, but lo and behold, HBO gives him a lottery ticket guaranteed to pay out.  Do you realize how many copies of the discounted 4 books he's sold since the show came out?  And sales of the new one have to at least be 3 or 4 or more times higher than they would've been without HBO.  HBO has a great track record of making great TV shows so who cares if they don't get horses and Stonehenge in the same shot?  I have no idea how much money he made between the last book and the series being started, but his net worth and future sales have probably risen geometrically.  So, why?  Not for money, for a SHIT TON of money and a damn fine TV show as well.  He can keep his books "pure" and let the TV pros make their altered version of his story and all of them involved can swim naked in the pools of money they're raking in.  C'mon, a $60 million ad campaign that he gets paid for on top of the sales boosts and you don't think he should do it?  Madness, pure madness.  I'm convinced some of the craziest people on Earth are on this board.  Unless you were being sarcastic, I couldn't tell.  And quite frankly I'd rather be wrong and have missed the sarcasm than to actually think that someone actually thinks like you on this matter.  It's almost incalculable how much more money he's going to make from this show and it's effect on his book sales, old and new.  Hell, I'd sell out my life's work for 10% of the taxes he's gonna pay on the dough he collects based on the series' popularity!
1108	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-21	Lol that was an awesome post.
Dont artists deserve money too? Shouldnt GRRM receive money for his masterpiece?
The books will always be there and they are GRRM masterpiece and the defining work of his life. I doubt he will butcher the remaining books because of a TV show.
1109	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-21	Ros>Shae.
There, I said it. 
*puts flame suit on*
1110	Corvinus	2011-06-21	Did anyone else notice that the Kingsguard's numbers seem to have increased?
In the scene with the singer, there are 5 standing by the Iron Throne, and 4 more by the main doors.  /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' /> 
A mistake that only a fan of the books could have caught, but a mistake nonetheless, and a big one IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Corvinus, 21 June 2011 - 02:13 AM.
1111	BlackTalon	2011-06-21	I swear if I hear another poster whining about not enough direwolves or hair not burnt off Im going to  scream. Seriously, wtf does it matter...?
On a side note, did you notice Maisies relaxed, dreamy face right at the beginning when Yoren pressed her against his manly chest? Not exactly what you would exepct after she has seen her dad beheaded tens seconds ago.Made me chuckle a bit, it showed that the actors are a bit more mature than in the book...
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 21 June 2011 - 02:14 AM.
1112	Lupigis	2011-06-21	To summarize several pages of threads - many people think that the exotic, mysterious and complex aspect is wrong for the character and the change in her character changes Tyrion's motivations for (stupidly in both cases) falling in love with her, which changes the kind of person that Tyrion is. Those who like her generally think either that she's enough of a minor character that the changes are essentially unimportant, or think that she's gives Tyrion's attraction a more realistic focus, since a smart person like Tyrion might prefer a smart companion.(Mostly I just find her annoying on a gut level. I could never listen to her blather at me all day, and since I like Tyrion so much and otherwise want to spend a lot of screen time with him, they're the TV equivalent of the good friend with the really annoying girlfriend).This was a good summary of the issues I have with Shae. She is obviously a completely different person in the TV series vs the books, and that difference will affect Tyrion's characterisation, possibly by a whole lot.Shae only needs to appear as a whore to capture her essence.Frankly, this only goes to show that you don't understand the essence of Shae and her relationship with Tyrion wery well. Read Eponine's post again!
					
					
							Edited by Lupigis, 21 June 2011 - 03:05 AM.
1113	Myrish swan	2011-06-21	I thought it was great episode, and I enjoyed every minute of it.  I don't care that they didn't burn off Dany's hair or had Pycelle with Roz (or was it some other whore?)Some other whore? This is Westeros. Roz is the only whore, apparently.  /smileysex.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smileysex:' /> At any rate, I loved the Dany scenes, particularly the last one. The look in her eyes when everyone bowed down to her was...interesting. It seemed like rather than being a moment of pure triumph (as it was in the books) she looked sort of shocked/isolated/ conflicted.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Emilia Clarke is so amazing as Dany. She's adding so much depth and nuance that was lacking in the original writing of the character. I felt really bad for Mirri Maz Dur, though. Hearing her screaming like that as she burned was pretty awful, imo. Disliked the Jon scenes, for some reason. Particularly the last one.People hating Shae's characterization is... interesting, to say the least. As with Cersei being written as more sympathetic, its funny how people are annoyed at an "evil" (and totally unrealistic and exaggerated, imo) character is being portrayed as an actual human being. Because honestly, it would be impossible to commit an attrocity like screwing over Tyrion for money if one actually had any good qualities whatsoever.   /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> As with Cersei, people don't just want to hate Shae, they NEED to hate her. Like Cersei, Shae is largely a male fear made flesh... and demonized to a ridiculous extent, so no one will hate Tyrion when he murders her. Shae is the unnatural bitch who screws over her boyfriend, and actually prefers money to love with a good man. Cersei is the unnatural bitch who lusts for power, wants to assume the male role a.k.a. be above her husband, and actually (evilly!) places her own ambitions over the man who loves her. Peoples need to see these two archetypes portrayed as totally evil and hateful is... interesting, to say the least.
					
					
							Edited by Myrish swan, 21 June 2011 - 03:31 AM.
1114	Corvinus	2011-06-21	Some other whore? This is Westeros. Roz is the only whore, apparently.  /smileysex.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smileysex:' /> At any rate, I loved the Dany scenes, particularly the last one. The look in her eyes when everyone bowed down to her was...interesting. It seemed like rather than being a moment of pure triumph (as it was in the books) she looked sort of shocked/isolated/ conflicted.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Emilia Clarke is so amazing as Dany. She's adding so much depth and nuance that was lacking in the original writing of the character. I felt really bad for Mirri Maz Dur, though. Hearing her screaming like that as she burned was pretty awful, imo. Disliked the Jon scenes, for some reason. Particularly the last one.Sorry, but I really have to disagree with your last two statements.
1115	Direwolves are totally sweet	2011-06-21	Finally caught up to my DVR.
My reaction:
"HOLY SHIT TYWIN IS A FUCKING BAD ASS!"
Also, after some wasted space in the middle...... "DRAGONSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!"
10/10
1116	Grogsmash	2011-06-21	Like Cersei, Shae is largely a male fear made flesh... and demonized to a ridiculous extent, so no one will hate Tyrion when he murders her. Shae is the unnatural bitch who screws over her boyfriend, and actually prefers money to love with a good man. Cersei is the unnatural bitch who lusts for power, wants to assume the male role a.k.a. be above her husband, and actually (evilly!) places her own ambitions over the man who loves her. Peoples need to see these two archetypes portrayed as totally evil and hateful is... interesting, to say the least.Or maybe you need to scrap your theory that these are male fears made flesh. I know it would be hard to do, as you trumpet it everywhere and in every thread where Cersei or Shae are discussed, but it is quite wrong. If Cersei had been a husband who killed all his natural born children of his wife and substituted them for other children of his, we would hate "him" just as much. Now I grant you this isn't a perfect analogy, but my point is that Cersei has ALOT more problems than just being powerhungry and ambitious.
1117	Lupigis	2011-06-21	its funny how people are annoyed at an "evil" (and totally unrealistic and exaggerated, imo) character is being portrayed as an actual human being. Because honestly, it would be impossible to commit an attrocity like screwing over Tyrion for money That is not a fair summary of the issues people have with TV Shae. Both TV and book Shae are portrayed as actual human beings, but book Shae is naive and dependent on Tyrion while TV Shae is experienced and appear to be much more independent. Which type of woman Tyrion falls for affects the way we percieve him.Nor is it a correct description of what book Shae does. Her lack of experience, naivety and dependence on Tyrion makes it easy to interpret the fact that she testifies against him as an act that she is forced to do, because of outright threats and/or desperation.With a stronger, more experienced and independent TV Shae, how will that testimony and Tyrions reaction to it play out? I have no idea, but I'm worried that HBO will take the easy way out and turn TV Shae into someone who actively betrays Tyrion, as a free choice. That would make his murder of her an act that would be much easier to justify for thos who want to idolise Tyrion. That would be a shame, IMO, because the murder of book Shae is a turning point for Tyrion that is even more important than his subsequent murder of Tywin.The above is just my speculation. In two years time or so we'll know, and in the meanwhile we can all hope that I'm wrong.
1118	Alexia	2011-06-21	That is not a fair summary of the issues people have with TV Shae. Both TV and book Shae are portrayed as actual human beings, but book Shae is naive and dependent on Tyrion while TV Shae is experienced and appear to be much more independent. Which type of woman Tyrion falls for affects the way we percieve him.Nor is it a correct description of what book Shae does. Her lack of experience, naivety and dependence on Tyrion makes it easy to interpret the fact that she testifies against him as an act that she is forced to do, because of outright threats and/or desperation.With a stronger, more experienced and independent TV Shae, how will that testimony and Tyrions reaction to it play out? I have no idea, but I'm worried that HBO will take the easy way out and turn TV Shae into someone who actively betrays Tyrion, as a free choice. That would make his murder of her an act that would be much easier to justify for thos who want to idolise Tyrion. That would be a shame, IMO, because the murder of book Shae is a turning point for Tyrion that is even more important than his subsequent murder of Tywin.Well said, indeed, and I completely agree.  The dynamic between Tyrion and Shae is completely changed with this girl's completely different personality and I dislike it, because I thought the dynamic between them is a very important aspect of how things ultimately unfold between them.  I also think its entirely inaccurate to say that Book-Shae had no redeeming qualities, there were always hints of a sympathetic backstory behind her and she certainly wasn't portrayed as evil (nor was she exaggerated and unrealistic, IMO) but as a naive young girl who was in way over her head.  I actually think, with the new independent personality they've written into Shae, that they do plan to have her approach Cersei and independently sell Tyrion out.  That's a real shame, to lose all the nuance of her.  Shae is the most realistic prostitute character in the books, IMO.  She has a backstory of molestation at an early age (this is consistent with real-life girls who wind up in the sex trade), she has experienced rape (also consistent with real-life prostitutes), she is obsessed by pretty jewelry and dresses (also something I'd expect of a destitute girl suddenly elevated in the way she was -- hell, that's Sansa!), she performs services for which payment is refused her (Tyrion in ASOS, giving testimony for Cersei...also realistic given the power dynamic between prostitutes and their johns), she gets slapped by her john when she displeases him, and she winds up being murdered by her john and her body thrown out like so much trash.  GRRM really did a good job of showing the "standard" traumas and experiences that both lead girls into the sex trade and that they go through in the sex trade.  I very much appreciate Shae as a literary character and I'll take her any day over the "prostitute with a heart of gold" trope or that romanticized character HBO developed for screen (I agree with those who say she comes off as too courtesan-y and too independent).
					
					
							Edited by Alexia, 21 June 2011 - 05:58 AM.
1119	King_In_The_North	2011-06-13	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QP-5jQ6gxys
1120	Bahimiron	2011-06-13	Little disappointing that they'd give away one of my favorite moments from the end of the books in the trailer, but after the end of episode 9 I guess they felt they needed to hook people with the closest thing to a happy ending they were like to go.
1121	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-06-13	Srsly, wat, King in the North in a preview?
1122	End of Disc One	2011-06-13	Yeah, not happy at all about that spoiler.  That's my favorite scene in the whole damn series.
1123	King_In_The_North	2011-06-13	Yeah, that is probably the third greatest spoiler for this book.
1124	TheEvilKing	2011-06-13	Can't wait to see the dragons. Whether they can pull 'em off properly or not will probably determine how much we see of them in season 2.
1125	Addam	2011-06-13	I'd be surprised if we see more Dragons in Season 2 than we saw of direwolves in season 1.
					
					
							Edited by Addam, 13 June 2011 - 09:28 AM.
1126	Greyjoy67	2011-06-13	Not sure how King in the North is that much of a spoiler. Anybody with a brain could work out that that is where the series is going.
1127	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-13	I'm definitely going to have to second the whole King in the North giveaway.  So many other shots/dialogue/hints etc. could have been used.  Something like Rob putting the sword on the table and saying the equivalent of Eff You Joffrey! would have sufficed as much without the spoiler.  Overall it looks to be an episode with lots of new material not in the books, since there are only like 40 pages left at this point.  Some extra stuff will likely be needed unless the pacing is real slow.  
I bet the dragons will be great, although they seemingly won't have to do much in this depiction.  Some robot animatronix type thing might even work.  Some serious CGI will be needed when they are bigger and more active next season and beyond.  The wolves could have been CGI too (like the wolves in that Twilight film) but I'm sure that would add a whole lot of cost to the series for the extra supercomputers and the people who wield them.  I'd rather have it the way it is than have a case of fake looking jar jar binks type wolves.
1128	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-06-13	I'd be surprised if we see more Dragons in Season 2 than we saw of direwolves in season 1.This. I am so sorely disappoint.Who's with me in a Throne-ageddon? (All 9 previous episodes back-to-back, timed to catch the finale?)
1129	Bahimiron	2011-06-13	I'd be surprised if we see more Dragons in Season 2 than we saw of direwolves in season 1.CGI dragons don't spook horses or bite actors.
1130	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-13	CGI dragons don't spook horses or bite actors.Still they may be a challenge, especially for Dany.  Emilia Clarke has thus far been out of left field amazing, but i'm sure it will be difficult to act the part of having dragons hopping on her shoulders.  She'll nail it though, as will the CGI wizards.  Given the ratings and buzz success, I would be surprised if the budget for season 2 doesn't grow by a large proportion to accommodate more than just CGI dragons.  Perhaps some fully grown Direwolves in CGI along with some actual battle scenes.  There's one in particular that can't be overlooked, and perhaps we may see some more of Rob's exploits that were not detailed in the book.
1131	Northern Lady	2011-06-13	I don't like it, but I understand why they let everyone know about King Robb; after killing off a big character played by a popular actor, they needed SOMETHING to lure potential lost viewers back to the last episode.
Ned dying sucks, but it was an important catalyst for the future of the story. Once I got over it and saw that, I enjoyed the novels more. If they are able to keep viewers by enticing them with a fairly juicy plot point, then hopefully the Unsullied viewers will be able to see that as well and not ditch the show. Because, honestly- if we loose this show because Sean Bean's character died, I'll be pissed.
1132	Northern Lady	2011-06-13	Double post
					
					
							Edited by Northern Lady, 13 June 2011 - 10:08 AM.
1133	modehead	2011-06-13	Think they'll add any scenes from book two?
GRRM mentioned that a character that dies in book 3 is killed in season 1. Who is it?
					
					
							Edited by modehead, 13 June 2011 - 10:11 AM.
1134	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-13	Think they'll add any scenes from book two?GRRM mentioned that a character that dies in book 3 is killed in season 1. Who is it?I'm sure we will see some of Arya escaping Kings Landing with Yoren, rather than have her last appearance in ep. 9 be her last for the season as it was in the book.  She won't be on the King's Road, but we will have to see something of her to put some sanity to the aftermath of Ned's death. Perhaps we'll can see some Melisandre and Stannis material from the book 2 prologue as great teaser material, especially since Melisandre has all sorts of hotness about her.  The dragon scene would have to end it though.  How could you not end on that.  I doubt it would be all at once as it was in the book.  The scene will likely be set up and we will then be left to see it climax at the very end.As far as the book 3 character, My guess is maybe its Lord Rickard Karstark (whispering Wood or Battle of the Camps Casualty) or maybe Ser Rodrik Cassel (Battle Casualty).  Can't be anyone too crucial, and the reasons for doing so could have more to do with casting contracts rather than story arcs.  If you want to get silly with this notion, then Beric Dondarrion, but he dies in books 1, 2 and 3 and thus in season 1 as well.
1135	Rodgex	2011-06-13	I still don't like that the showed the King in the North, that was a very major end of the first book, but anyway, what can we do... Hopefully they will show a lot of Renly and Stannis in preparation for season 2, perhaps just to give full focus to the War of the Five Kings, and show who the major players are. Also, I can't wait to see those dragons!!!GRRM mentioned that a character that dies in book 3 is killed in season 1. Who is it?I wonder... It would definitely have to be someone who is not very important...
1136	King_In_The_North	2011-06-13	I wonder... It would definitely have to be someone who is not very important...I bet it's gonna be Hoster Tully.
1137	Gildenlow	2011-06-13	I'm going to assume the episode opens with one last Three-Eyed Crow scene, with it leading Bran to the end of the crypt where he finds a statue of Eddard...
1138	Gildenlow	2011-06-13	I'm sure we will see some of Arya escaping Kings Landing with Yoren, rather than have her last appearance in ep. 9 be her last for the season as it was in the book.  She won't be on the King's Road, but we will have to see something of her to put some sanity to the aftermath of Ned's death. Perhaps we'll can see some Melisandre and Stannis material from the book 2 prologue as great teaser material, especially since Melisandre has all sorts of hotness about her.  The dragon scene would have to end it though.  How could you not end on that.  I doubt it would be all at once as it was in the book.  The scene will likely be set up and we will then be left to see it climax at the very end.As far as the book 3 character, My guess is maybe its Lord Rickard Karstark (whispering Wood or Battle of the Camps Casualty) or maybe Ser Rodrik Cassel (Battle Casualty).  Can't be anyone too crucial, and the reasons for doing so could have more to do with casting contracts rather than story arcs.  If you want to get silly with this notion, then Beric Dondarrion, but he dies in books 1, 2 and 3 and thus in season 1 as well.1) Hot Pie has been cast, so yes.2) Melisandre has not been cast yet, so no.3) I honestly think the casualty was just Mago, the guy who Drogo kills. No point in mentioning Karstark since he hasn't even been introduced yet, and IIRC there's no more battles for Robb this season and Rodrik Cassel was still alive after the battle of the Whispering Wood (he wasn't even in it, actually, he was guarding Cat).
1139	NW Deserter	2011-06-13	What's really surprising to me isn't the non-reader's reaction to Ned's death, but the fierce loyalty to Drogo of all characters. The OtakuASSEMBLE guy said he'll tune in for episode 10 but is done with the series if Drogo dies. WTF? He's probably just hamming it up a bit for the camera but still, maybe they made Drogo too likeable in the show or something. Hopefully Dany's big finale will center the attention back to her on that continent.
As far as the lack of time-filling events for this episode, I disagree. Here's what we'll likely get (no particular order):
-Dragons (duh)
-King in the North
-Jon's escape, return, and the start of the ranging
-Arya, Yoren, and the rest heading out of KL
-Joff tormenting Sansa
-Tyrion with Shae, and then with his father getting sent to KL
-Bran's last dream
-Cat talking with Jaime (apparently moved from book 2 to now instead...will she possibly release him a season early???)
And there's room there for some HBO-screated scenes, but I think what's there is plenty. Several of these are extremely pivotal moments in the entire series and they'll have some room to breathe and let us take in the emotions of everything.
1140	NW Deserter	2011-06-13	double post
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 13 June 2011 - 12:27 PM.
1141	Pink Walder Frey	2011-06-13	At second 32 of the video Robb is swinging something (sword or axe maybe). Maybe it's the execution of Lord Karstark (the unexpected death taken from book 3)?
So they could have pulled to this point to give Robb a better buildup, because it would be compareable to the first episode with Ned beheading Will (and both said "The man whos passes the sentence should swing the sword."), and Robb is kind of put even more in Ned's shoes.
1142	silkymoonshine	2011-06-13	That link isn't working anymore. Does anyone have another youtube link? Please?
1143	The King of Ashes	2011-06-13	Yeah I assume Rickard Karstark attempts to murder Jaime in revenge for the death of his sons and that short clip of Robb in the preview is him taking off Karstark's head. Seems to be the only death that makes sense, despite them not setting it up at all.
1144	Talleyrand	2011-06-13	Well it can't be Rodrik as he dies in Clash. It will probably have to be Karstark though i'd prefer it not to be
1145	2Legit2Quit	2011-06-13	That link isn't working anymore. Does anyone have another youtube link? Please?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=4FpMUdteYBM
1146	King_In_The_North	2011-06-13	At second 32 of the video Robb is swinging something (sword or axe maybe). Maybe it's the execution of Lord Karstark (the unexpected death taken from book 3)?So they could have pulled to this point to give Robb a better buildup, because it would be compareable to the first episode with Ned beheading Will (and both said "The man whos passes the sentence should swing the sword."), and Robb is kind of put even more in Ned's shoes.It doesn't look like he's swinging something that could behead a man, or swinging it in a way that would cut off his head.
1147	malarky1231	2011-06-13	There's 13 episodes next season, so there'll be more time for character development and battle scenes.
1148	iheartseverus	2011-06-13	There's 13 episodes next season, so there'll be more time for character development and battle scenes.Is this official?  What source?  FAB news, if confirmed!!
1149	Caligula_K	2011-06-13	There's 13 episodes next season, so there'll be more time for character development and battle scenes.Where did you hear this? Everything else I've read has stated that there will be ten episodes.
1150	Ran	2011-06-13	There are 10 episodes, not 13. HBO execs even confirmed it, again, today in an EW interview.
1151	iheartseverus	2011-06-13	There are 10 episodes, not 13. HBO execs even confirmed it, again, today in an EW interview.Bummer.  I was really thrilled there, for about 20 seconds.
1152	Huan	2011-06-13	I'm sure we will see some of Arya escaping Kings Landing with Yoren, rather than have her last appearance in ep. 9 be her last for the season as it was in the book.  She won't be on the King's Road, but we will have to see something of her to put some sanity to the aftermath of Ned's death. I agree that showing Arya leaving King's Landing with Yoren and Co. is a better stopping point for Arya's storyline than Ned's execution. Both Hot Pie and Lommy Greenhands have been cast this season (but not Jaqen H'ghar or Rorge or Biter as far as I can tell).
1153	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-13	There is no way they are moving the Catelyn freeing Jaime up a entire season.  Catelyn impetus for doing so comes from the reported death of Bran and Rickon, freeing the Kingslayer at this point makes no sense.
1154	alguien	2011-06-13	Man, Catelyn saying, "We will kill them all."
Chills.
1155	malarky1231	2011-06-13	Yeh it says here HBO's only making ten episodes next season.http://insidetv.ew.c...s-season-two-2/
1156	NW Deserter	2011-06-13	I'm seeing a surprising amount of non-reader comments suggesting that they might not stick around with Ned gone, both in youtube comments and in the comments on EW and other review sites...hopefully by the time episode 10 rolls around and they get to see the awesome finale stuff, that'll change.  /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
1157	gogorath	2011-06-13	I wonder if they will introduce any of the prophecy elements in Episode 10 as a "cliffhanger."
1158	Xanderpanda	2011-06-13	Wonder how the king in the North will go down without Riverrun and the Tullys. It was more epic in the book due to the fact it wasn't just the northern banner men pronouncing Robb King but everyone present. Also IIRC I thought it was a good quarter of the way into CoK before Catelyn first interrogates Jaimie yet in the preview it seems its moved to this very season.
1159	brian_177	2011-06-13	I'm seeing a surprising amount of non-reader comments suggesting that they might not stick around with Ned gone, both in youtube comments and in the comments on EW and other review sites...hopefully by the time episode 10 rolls around and they get to see the awesome finale stuff, that'll change.  /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />I totally get it.I was super bummed out when Ned died, but then became stoked on the journey of other characters. Tyrion really started standing out as a great character for me in CoK, and it was great having Jaime chapters.Then I almost wanted to stop reading when Winterfell was destroyed. And again after the Red Wedding.It just goes to show how well both the books and the show have characters we really care about. People will be bummed out, but they'll be back for Season 2.
1160	A Time for Wolves	2011-06-13	I really hope the non-readers stick around, especially Larry - his reviews are just too cute! I wanted to give him a hug when he burst into tears over Ned's death. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
There several moments when I was too heartsick to continue reading the first time, but even at the time I knew it was just a temporary feeling. I was too invested in the story, and too thirsty for Stark vengeance, to stop. I'm hoping that the non-reader audience will come to feel like this. By now they've had some time to cool off from Ned's death.
Sunday can't come fast enough - yet I don't want it to come either. How can we be asked to wait one more year to see A Clash of Kings played out on screen??
1161	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-06-14	What's really surprising to me isn't the non-reader's reaction to Ned's death, but the fierce loyalty to Drogo of all characters. The OtakuASSEMBLE guy said he'll tune in for episode 10 but is done with the series if Drogo dies. WTF? He's probably just hamming it up a bit for the camera but still, maybe they made Drogo too likeable in the show or something. Hopefully Dany's big finale will center the attention back to her on that continent.As far as the lack of time-filling events for this episode, I disagree. Here's what we'll likely get (no particular order):-Dragons (duh)-King in the North-Jon's escape, return, and the start of the ranging-Arya, Yoren, and the rest heading out of KL-Joff tormenting Sansa-Tyrion with Shae, and then with his father getting sent to KL-Bran's last dream-Cat talking with Jaime (apparently moved from book 2 to now instead...will she possibly release him a season early???)And there's room there for some HBO-screated scenes, but I think what's there is plenty. Several of these are extremely pivotal moments in the entire series and they'll have some room to breathe and let us take in the emotions of everything.I doubt that Cat would release him a season early. she hasn't met Brienne  yet and she plays a big role Jaime's turn around. I know they've done some softening of his charector, but i think she still needs to be with him when he's set free.
1162	Anomandaris86	2011-06-14	I agree that showing Arya leaving King's Landing with Yoren and Co. is a better stopping point for Arya's storyline than Ned's execution. Both Hot Pie and Lommy Greenhands have been cast this season (but not Jaqen H'ghar or Rorge or Biter as far as I can tell).I wonder if we'll get Hot Pie's story of kicking a boy to death in the balls. /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' /> Wonder how the king in the North will go down without Riverrun and the Tullys. It was more epic in the book due to the fact it wasn't just the northern banner men pronouncing Robb King but everyone present. Also IIRC I thought it was a good quarter of the way into CoK before Catelyn first interrogates Jaimie yet in the preview it seems its moved to this very season.It's her last chapter in Clash of Kings.
					
					
							Edited by Anomandaris86, 14 June 2011 - 02:48 AM.
1163	VikingMaekel	2011-06-14	-Cat talking with Jaime (apparently moved from book 2 to now instead...will she possibly release him a season early???)I doubt it, Cat releases Jaime to get her girls back, after she learns of the death of Rickon and Bran.
1164	modehead	2011-06-14	They probably added another Cat beating Jamie scene, so non-readers can get a little bit of cathartic justice.
1165	NW Deserter	2011-06-14	True, I forgot that her release of Jaime was more because of Brickon "dying".
BTW, does anyone know if this is last episode will be longer than the usual 60 minutes?
1166	Lokhtar	2011-06-14	I still don't like that the showed the King in the North, that was a very major end of the first book, but anyway, what can we do... Hopefully they will show a lot of Renly and Stannis in preparation for season 2, perhaps just to give full focus to the War of the Five Kings, and show who the major players are. Also, I can't wait to see those dragons!!!I wonder... It would definitely have to be someone who is not very important...The actor who plays Renly has said there is no more of his character for the rest of his season.
1167	Lokhtar	2011-06-14	If the viewers don't stick around, then so be it.  It just validates the cowardice formulaic TV that people put out because they can say that people actually don't want a real story, despite them supposedly clamoring for it.  It's like how everyone wants a smaller government but no one actually wants to cut any programs (err just using that as an example, don't want to get into politics).  
I'd rather the show be canceled than go the route of True Blood (though that's not going to happen I'm pretty sure).
1168	Xanderpanda	2011-06-14	I hope they don't skimp on the dragons like they did the battles. I know they said in interviews they worked hard to get them right....but they said that about the battles too. My biggest fear now is that Dany will step in the fire, close up of the eggs, they crack and credits roll.
1169	Abaddon	2011-06-14	True, I forgot that her release of Jaime was more because of Brickon "dying".BTW, does anyone know if this is last episode will be longer than the usual 60 minutes?I don't have a reference right now, but I believe it is 53 minutes; if so, that would make it one of the shortest episodes, maybe the shortest.  Episode 8 was 59 minutes and Episode 9 was somewhere inbetween.
1170	CarFo	2011-06-14	I did not see the preview spoiler because I watched the episode on the HBO app and they don't show previews. I also have the episode recorded on my DVR but after seeing people complain about the spoiler (I still have no idea what is being spoiled; I just started the first book last night =p ) I don't think I'm going to watch the previews. I trust that even though they killed of Ned (who I thought was the main character) the series will still hold the interest of most viewers. It still has mine, anyway.
1171	Starchaser	2011-06-14	Sorry if someone already said this, I'm still catching up, but what a fitting username to create this thread.
1172	Lokhtar	2011-06-14	I hope they don't skimp on the dragons like they did the battles. I know they said in interviews they worked hard to get them right....but they said that about the battles too. My biggest fear now is that Dany will step in the fire, close up of the eggs, they crack and credits roll.That wouldn't be the worst thing.  The show is already renewed for a second season, and they've hired a bunch of SFX artists for the next season - they might want to wait for that to show the dragons.  I'm torn on that - but I think crappy dragons are much much worse than no dragons.
1173	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	That wouldn't be the worst thing.  The show is already renewed for a second season, and they've hired a bunch of SFX artists for the next season - they might want to wait for that to show the dragons.  I'm torn on that - but I think crappy dragons are much much worse than no dragons.I concur. This is an occasion where showing a little and promising more for next season should workEDIT though then we would miss the reaction of Rakharo etc to the dragons which would be a small shame
					
					
							Edited by SerArthurHeath, 14 June 2011 - 11:21 AM.
1174	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	True, I forgot that her release of Jaime was more because of Brickon "dying".BTW, does anyone know if this is last episode will be longer than the usual 60 minutes?If it is then the extra scenes had better be flashbacks
1175	End of Disc One	2011-06-14	They have to show dragons.  Make them sleeping at least.  It will be one of the most iconic TV scenes of all time.
1176	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-14	Could this episode have reports of Renly and Stannis' claims coming in, and Cat leaving for the south to parley with Renly? It's way too soon for her to free Jaime.I'd love next season to open with Maester Cressen. :happy:
1177	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	Could this episode have reports of Renly and Stannis' claims coming in, and Cat leaving for the south to parley with Renly? It's way too soon for her to free Jaime.I'd love next season to open with Maester Cressen. :happy:The Cressen scene sold me on the series after AGoT almost broke it for me. I can't wait.
1178	NW Deserter	2011-06-14	My biggest fear now is that Dany will step in the fire, close up of the eggs, they crack and credits roll.I actually wouldn't have a problem with this, as long as they made it unmistakably clear what just happened (dragon screams, shadows, the dothraki and Jorah all wide-eyed and awestruck, etc). If our choice is between that and crappy CGI, I would choose the former - but obviously if the CGI is good enough it'd be fine.
1179	Hyper	2011-06-14	Don't worry. We'll see dragons. There's been interviews with the visual effects people where they have talked about the CG work for the dragon reveal. It will happen, just like the book.
1180	malarky1231	2011-06-14	link?
1181	Crow Breath	2011-06-14	After the stellar acting performances we saw in ep. 9, I'm looking forward to seeing Emilia Clarke get her chance to shine. The Drogo smothering seems like a potentially heart-rending scene -- I hope the producers give it the time it deserves.
Oh ... and dragons. I want to see those.
1182	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-14	re: Dragons in S2.  Season 2&3 speculation: 
I think what they will have to do is only show them in her tent/cages, rather than climbing all over Dany all the time.  I would guess 2-3 total appearances.  They don't have to show them every time we see Dany, as cool as that would be.  
The only exception would have to be Drogon in the House of the Undying...  he really has to be there.  Or, I suppose he could fly in from seemingly nowhere when Dany's in trouble and burn everything down.  
S3 will be harder...  since Drogon has to melt a guy's face off.
					
					
							Edited by MyDogIsNamedDanerys, 14 June 2011 - 03:30 PM.
1183	Ran	2011-06-14	Yes, there will be dragons. Have interviewed the VFX people, but embargoed until after the finale, you see... fingers crossed, HBO will give us some juicy stills.
1184	chris.t.	2011-06-14	I know the last scene will be Dany and the dragons.  But I want the last scene to be Stannis looking over his big table-map of Westeros...
A servant comes in...
"My lor...  er... Your Majesty, a raven from your brother, Renly."
"What is it?"
"He refuses your summons.  He has proclaimed himself the rightful king."
"Then let him be the first to die."
Credits.
1185	PreciousLittleBird	2011-06-14	I sincerely hope they include the head scene. It shows alot of depth to Sansa. Joffery. And the Hound. I think they really need to include it to show how uttery trapped poor Sansa is. )=
Im annoyed because the Hounds Tale was changed. Now im afraid they will change even more aspect. Just including Sansa being hit but not the Head Scene. Maybe they will keep it for next season. 
And i sooo see the ending being the dragons going MUMAAAAAAAAAA!
1186	Rand	2011-06-14	Yeah there's absolutely no way they can end it without the dragons. When all seems lost for Dany the morning after rise from the ashes just screams 'it's only getting started!'  And for the budget the show does have it shouldn't be that hard to CG them in.  The problem with the dire wolves is everyone knows what a canine should look like, so they have to do a really good/expensive job to keep it from looking fake.  There's also more of them harder scenes, plus they're still growing.
For the episode 10 preview spoiler, after the Greatjon belts it out I'm more disappointed in the weak Monty Python-like follow up.
1187	Maltaran	2011-06-14	Charles Dance seems to have got the "They have my son" line down pretty well, although I'll reserve final judgement until I can see his face when he says it.
1188	Lasair	2011-06-14	I sincerely hope they include the head scene. It shows alot of depth to Sansa. Joffery. And the Hound. I think they really need to include it to show how uttery trapped poor Sansa is. )=Yep, they do. Sophie Turner mentioned it (without going into any spoilery context, of course). She had to do that scene in an audition.
1189	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	I know the last scene will be Dany and the dragons.  But I want the last scene to be Stannis looking over his big table-map of Westeros...A servant comes in..."My lor...  er... Your Majesty, a raven from your brother, Renly.""What is it?""He refuses your summons.  He has proclaimed himself the rightful king.""Then let him be the first to die."Credits.I was going to say: no it's so atmospheric introducing Stannis at the start of aCoK. But then I liked your dialogue, so what I want is a post credits voice over (cough Mark Strong cough) MGS style with no visual saying your conversation from above. Then the Cressen scene to start season 2. If Strong is Stannis I will forgive pretty much any lack of battles or minor changes.
1190	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-14	Wonder if the Hound will finally get some screentime in this episode. I'm still waiting for his monologue with Sansa. He's listed in the regular cast but it would be cool if he got some lines instead of looking vaguely bored/menacing in the background all the time (though to be fair he spends most of the book doing exactly that). He's had about three lines so far - they've got to build him up a bit for season 2...If Strong is Stannis I will forgive pretty much any lack of battles or minor changes.Good grief... that's such an awesome shout, I've actually welled up a little  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> I bloody love Mark Strong, he'd be an amazing Stannis.
1191	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-14	I know the last scene will be Dany and the dragons.  But I want the last scene to be Stannis looking over his big table-map of Westeros...A servant comes in..."My lor...  er... Your Majesty, a raven from your brother, Renly.""What is it?""He refuses your summons.  He has proclaimed himself the rightful king.""Then let him be the first to die."Credits.Not quite the way I want it.Dragons...Credits...Then fade in to the scene you mention above. Actually it can be done, no problem even without Stannis being cast. Shoot the scene from behind Stannis. Piss easy scene to shoot, could have been shot last week and spliced into the broadcast.Oh gods! I just saw the Mark Strong as Stannis wish. That would be incredible. Strong often plays evil villains, Stannis isn't that, but Strong has the right look and screen presence to do Stannis brilliantly.Oh yeah, and Boo Hiss at the including the King in the North shout out in the preview. The second most climactic scene in the show and they preview it? They should have had the "Joffery and Renly are nothing to us" line.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 14 June 2011 - 07:40 PM.
1192	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	Not quite the way I want it.Dragons...Credits...Then fade in to the scene you mention above. Actually it can be done, no problem even without Stannis being cast. Shoot the scene from behind Stannis. Piss easy scene to shoot, could have been shot last week and spliced into the broadcast.Oh gods! I just saw the Mark Strong as Stannis wish. That would be incredible. Strong often plays evil villains, Stannis isn't that, but Strong has the right look and screen presence to do Stannis brilliantly.Oh yeah, and Boo Hiss at the including the King in the North shout out in the preview. The second most climactic scene in the show and they preview it? They should have had the "Joffery and Renly are nothing to us" line.I assumed they just wanted to give the poor TV viewers (tautology?) some hope before the episode to make sure Stark fans didn't get too upset
1193	Grumkin	2011-06-14	Wonder if the Hound will finally get some screentime in this episode. I'm still waiting for his monologue with Sansa. He's listed in the regular cast but it would be cool if he got some lines instead of looking vaguely bored/menacing in the background all the time (though to be fair he spends most of the book doing exactly that). He's had about three lines so far - they've got to build him up a bit for season 2...Good grief... that's such an awesome shout, I've actually welled up a little  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> I bloody love Mark Strong, he'd be an amazing Stannis.I remember people complaining about LF getting to tell part of the Hound's story in episode 4, and afterwords one of the writers mentioned that Sansa/Hound was still a big part of the show.  Maybe they decided to save some of hound's material until after Ned/Drogo are gone, almost like introducing an intriguing new character at the end of the season to give people another thing to be interested in for season 2.
1194	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-14	Watching A Wrinkle in Time with my heathens and for the love of Pete, I hope the dragons look NOTHING like ANYTHING Alfre Woodard changes into in this movie.
1195	Xanderpanda	2011-06-15	Just downloaded the season 1 soundtrack off iTunes which was released today. The last track is titled "Finale" and its pretty epic, I can totally imagine Dany stepping into the fire and the dragons hatching as it plays.
Edit: In fact there are a few tracks from the season final that are really epic like "King in the North" and "The Nights Watch" which I think plays when they catch Jon and recite the oath back to him. I think they have set up the ep to be pretty epic to rope the new viewers into tuning back next season after the loss of Ned.
Also a few articles have mentioned that Sean Bean is in this ep. Not just in the crypts at Winterfell for the Bran dream but for a flashback Jaimie has while interrogated.
					
					
							Edited by Xanderpanda, 15 June 2011 - 05:53 AM.
1196	Aegoner	2011-06-15	Yep, confirmed that Sean Bean appears in this episode:http://primetime.unr...inale-spoilers/
					
					
							Edited by Aegoner, 15 June 2011 - 06:46 AM.
1197	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-15	I was going to say: no it's so atmospheric introducing Stannis at the start of aCoK. But then I liked your dialogue, so what I want is a post credits voice over (cough Mark Strong cough) MGS style with no visual saying your conversation from above. Then the Cressen scene to start season 2. If Strong is Stannis I will forgive pretty much any lack of battles or minor changes.Mark Strong for Stannis. I wholeheartedly agree.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1198	chris.t.	2011-06-15	I've never heard of Mark Strong. 
Google.  
"Oh my God!  That's Stannis!"
So, sign me up for the bandwagon.
1199	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-15	I've never heard of Mark Strong. Google.  "Oh my God!  That's Stannis!"So, sign me up for the bandwagon.Plus he has major chops. But he's become quite popular as villains in hollywood movies recently, which diminishes his chance of accepting the job. But he has done TV series before and relatively recently
1200	Stark White Blk Untruth	2011-06-15	Any Sean Bean is good Sean Bean!  Looks like we get to see Sean in E10.
"...life imitates art, Sean as the shining knight gets stabbed defending friend and carries on...'
"Sean Bean will reportedly appear in the upcoming season finale of HBO drama Game of Thrones.
Ned Stark (Bean) was controversially killed off in the season's penultimate episode, but Bean will reprise his role one last time, according to TV Guide.  The character, who was beheaded...is expected to encounter three of his children in a "shocking" and unexpected way."http://www.digitalsp...rticle_continue
3 encounters, foreshadowed by their direwolves, could be:  Bran/Summer, Rickon/Shaggy, Jon/Ghost
Agree with those calling for a ToJ and Sword of the Morning '...now it ends'
but, I really want the visual for Ned's dream memory of:  '...in a rush of steel and shadow, he could hear Lyanna screaming...A storm of rose petals blew across a blood-streaked sky, as blue as the eyes of death'
1201	OhDanyBoy	2011-06-15	Any Sean Bean is good Sean Bean!  Looks like we get to see Sean in E10."...life imitates art, Sean as the shining knight gets stabbed defending friend and carries on...'"Sean Bean will reportedly appear in the upcoming season finale of HBO drama Game of Thrones.Ned Stark (Bean) was controversially killed off in the season's penultimate episode, but Bean will reprise his role one last time, according to TV Guide.  The character, who was beheaded...is expected to encounter three of his children in a "shocking" and unexpected way."http://www.digitalsp...rticle_continue3 encounters, foreshadowed by their direwolves, could be:  Bran/Summer, Rickon/Shaggy, Jon/GhostAgree with those calling for a ToJ and Sword of the Morning '...now it ends'but, I really want the visual for Ned's dream memory of:  '...in a rush of steel and shadow, he could hear Lyanna screaming...A storm of rose petals blew across a blood-streaked sky, as blue as the eyes of death'The 3 kids with an encounter with Ned are likely Rickon, Bran, and Sansa.  Sansa's "encounter" will probably be of the head-on-a-spike variety.  The other two of course dream of him in the crypts.
1202	modehead	2011-06-15	The 3 kids with an encounter with Ned are likely Rickon, Bran, and Sansa.  Sansa's "encounter" will probably be of the head-on-a-spike variety.  The other two of course dream of him in the crypts.That's got to be it. Maybe they'll bring in a flashback, but my money is on this prediction.
1203	Maltaran	2011-06-15	Yep, confirmed that Sean Bean appears in this episode:http://primetime.unr...inale-spoilers/Stark <U+0096> who was killed by beheading on the orders of Joffrey Baratheon (Jack Gleeson) <U+0096> will appear to two of his children in a way <U+0091>you<U+0092>d probably expect of television<U+0092> but to a third in a more shocking manner.Presumably that's Rickon and Bran in the dream sequence, and Joff showing Sansa his head on a spike.
1204	D_Richard	2011-06-15	Thank goodness. I was worried they would cut Bran & Rickon's vision of Ned.
They be greenseers you see!
1205	laughing tree knight	2011-06-15	I can't believe Game of Thrones killed off Ned Stark! Please console me with scoop. <U+0097> Mark 
NATALIE: Does this help? Although Ned Stark was beheaded on the Sept of Baelor, it's not the last we've seen of Sean Bean. In fact, in the finale, two of his children will see him in a way you'd probably expect of television; a third, though, will have a shocking run-in with dear old Dad.
I saw this on tv guide. 
i'm so glad.
the shared BRAN/RICKON Dream with NED is the last chance we get for some clues to TOJ R+L=J
Bran says in the book his father tried to tell him something about Jon but he couldn't understand it.
YEAH!!
1206	DragonAge93	2011-06-15	R+L=J??
Sorry, I'm only on the 2nd book right now, but what does that mean? I remember the TOJ scene, but what does that mean?
1207	laughing tree knight	2011-06-15	R+L=J??Sorry, I'm only on the 2nd book right now, but what does that mean? I remember the TOJ scene, but what does that mean?why were the Kingsguard at the TOJ and not at the Trident with Rhaghar or in KL with Aerys?   What is Ned's promise to Lyanna?  do you really believe Ned Stark slept with some woman named Wylla??I expect the best we can hope for in the dream sequence is some bewildering dialogue about between Ned and Bran, Jon will be discussed and mentioned to be of their blood but not his brother or something...here's hoping
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 16 June 2011 - 04:53 AM.
1208	snowzombie	2011-06-15	I didn't anticipate the dragons when I read the book, but the show has been hitting people over the head with those eggs. I've had a couple non-readers ask me:
"Does Dany's ability to withstand fire have something to do with dragons?"
"When will the dragons be born? In the last episode?"
I'm sure there was plenty of foreshadowing in the book that I missed because I was so wrapped up in the story that I blazed through the whole thing in a couple days. 
For me, the magic of the scene wasn't just the fact that there were dragons, it was that they were Dany's dragons - they hatched because of her and they are hers alone, her children. Two of them are suckling at her breasts when she comes out of the fire. If we're seeing an 8 year old suck on his mom's boobie then we better see some dragons breastfeeding. 
For real, this is the one scene in GoT that I need to be just like the book. The Moon Door wasn't in the floor, but that worked. We never saw the wights creepy crawly hand but maybe next season. Shae's character has changed but I figure the writers have a reason and they've made some good calls this season in terms of narrative economy....everyone in TV knows how crucial the last scene of a season is. I think (I hope!) they'll give it all the awesome it deserves.
1209	jutlandmike	2011-06-15	Yesterday watching this preview i found a suspicion that made me to register here. Hello all and sorry for my English.
So, I am probably wrong, but:
1) Robb is shown chopping something. Too small move for execution, too calm for a fight. But probably important moment.
2) A character that dies later in the books should die this season.
3) HBO knew how much whining and anger they will face with Ned's death. And they knew that there will be many non-readers that will barely stay with the series, but want revenge and blood. Lannister blood.
So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand. Kingslayer is dead as a character - not person - about two seasons faster.
If I'll be right, i will have to start play poker again ;P
1210	Nnorb	2011-06-15	So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand.They wouldn't dare...
1211	The King of Ashes	2011-06-15	I'm very eager to see the last episode because I reckon even us readers will be surprised by a few things. I'm still in the camp that says Robb executes Rickard Karstark but I'm hoping for something a bit more juicy.
As has already been mentioned, there will be a lot of people looking for vengeance next episode and many non-readers won't return unless they get it. So someone who dies in book 3 will die on Sunday? And the person most people hate at the moment is a character who meets his end in the 3rd book...
Will they be ballsy enough to kill Joffrey? It would require such a deviation from the books that I can't see it happening but it would be fantastic if they did it. To be honest, I like that they've stuck so closely with the books but I would also liked to be shocked every now and then. I still reckon my initial hunch is correct... But I hope it's not.
1212	snowzombie	2011-06-15	Will they be ballsy enough to kill Joffrey? It would require such a deviation from the books that I can't see it happening but it would be fantastic if they did it. To be honest, I like that they've stuck so closely with the books but I would also liked to be shocked every now and then. I still reckon my initial hunch is correct... But I hope it's not.OK, first of all - I am really looking forward to seeing that mean little puke choke his filthy guts out. Second of all - think of all the plot points that would have to change for that to happen. Involving Sansa, Cersei, Tommen, Jaime, Maegerys, Tyrion, Tywin ... his life and death is too integral to how the story has been written to subtract him 2 seasons early for what kind of pay off exactly?Third of all - the actor is eliciting the desired "love to hate" feelings from the audience. I know he's my favorite inbred bastard Draco Malfoy look alike. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Lastly - I know you long to see him die. But think of how awesome it's going to be after we grow to hate him even more and he dies in such an undignified manner! While Cersei has a nuclear level mental meltdown. I can't wait!
					
					
							Edited by snowzombie, 15 June 2011 - 10:06 PM.
1213	Starchaser	2011-06-15	So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand. Kingslayer is dead as a character - not person - about two seasons faster.If I'll be right, i will have to start play poker again ;PI think you win the internet for today. Can I be your bank?
1214	Morrigan	2011-06-15	Someone predicted Hoster Tully. I think he's the only character that makes remotely a bit of sense to kill off early (other than Old Nan or Ser Rodrik, but they died in ACoK, not ASoS, and Old Nan's fate is unclear in the books). His death has little impact beyond making Edmure the Lord of Riverrun a bit early, but he was already Lord in all but name, with Hoster abed.
If that's the case, we'll probably miss the amusing funeral where Edmure misses the arrow, unfortunately, but that's not exactly essential either. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1215	raj34	2011-06-15	Yesterday watching this preview i found a suspicion that made me to register here. Hello all and sorry for my English.So, I am probably wrong, but:1) Robb is shown chopping something. Too small move for execution, too calm for a fight. But probably important moment.2) A character that dies later in the books should die this season.3) HBO knew how much whining and anger they will face with Ned's death. And they knew that there will be many non-readers that will barely stay with the series, but want revenge and blood. Lannister blood.So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand. Kingslayer is dead as a character - not person - about two seasons faster.If I'll be right, i will have to start play poker again ;Paaarrrrghhhhh u bast*ard, i think u may be right...!!!
1216	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-16	All I know is, they didn't spend any money on the battle scenes, so they better have some money saved up on CGI dragons. I want those dragons to look GOOD.
1217	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-16	Yesterday watching this preview i found a suspicion that made me to register here. Hello all and sorry for my English.So, I am probably wrong, but:1) Robb is shown chopping something. Too small move for execution, too calm for a fight. But probably important moment.2) A character that dies later in the books should die this season.3) HBO knew how much whining and anger they will face with Ned's death. And they knew that there will be many non-readers that will barely stay with the series, but want revenge and blood. Lannister blood.So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand. Kingslayer is dead as a character - not person - about two seasons faster.If I'll be right, i will have to start play poker again ;PVery very good. This eliminates Vargo, Rorge and Biter. Kudos to you, good anticipation.
1218	tarantella	2011-06-16	Yesterday watching this preview i found a suspicion that made me to register here. Hello all and sorry for my English.So, I am probably wrong, but:1) Robb is shown chopping something. Too small move for execution, too calm for a fight. But probably important moment.2) A character that dies later in the books should die this season.3) HBO knew how much whining and anger they will face with Ned's death. And they knew that there will be many non-readers that will barely stay with the series, but want revenge and blood. Lannister blood.So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand. Kingslayer is dead as a character - not person - about two seasons faster.If I'll be right, i will have to start play poker again ;Pshiiiiiit.Is this something Robb would do, though?  It doesn't seem that honorable to cut off the sword hand of your rival.  Plus the fact that it cuts down severely on Jaime's status as a valuable hostage.  I know the Karstarks are out for his blood, but still...
1219	Joanna vander Poele	2011-06-16	I like the idea of Stannis in the last episode. Maybe end with Dany, credits, then BOOM teaser for next season with Stannis all broody and teeth-grindy. Oh yeah.
Robb chopping Jaime's hand off is just about the most ridiculous thing I've heard in a while. That's not even just a nerd rage thing, but a genuine WTF if they did that. Even I'd be pissed, and I pretty much love everything HBO have done with the show so far.
1220	TheEvilKing	2011-06-16	I think it's just Robb hearing the news about his father and having an angry fit of rage. I don't think he's cutting anything off anyone, just lashing out randomly.
1221	jutlandmike	2011-06-16	I know it's ridiculous idea. That's why i wrote i am most probably wrong. But... Brave Companions still can torment him, it doesn't eliminate them. Relation with Brienne can be played as well. The only one thing making it WTF is, as you wrote, how would it make Robb as honourable leader.
1222	Jasmine	2011-06-16	maybe he is bludgeoning poor raven that brought the bad news :S
1223	lady_dondarrion	2011-06-16	I think it's just Robb hearing the news about his father and having an angry fit of rage. I don't think he's cutting anything off anyone, just lashing out randomly.yep, it doesnt look like an execution-ish style for me.thanks goodness. i was almost having a minor heart attack when reading westeros' tweet on this preview.
1224	lady_dondarrion	2011-06-16	I like the idea of Stannis in the last episode. Maybe end with Dany, credits, then BOOM teaser for next season with Stannis all broody and teeth-grindy. Oh yeah.Robb chopping Jaime's hand off is just about the most ridiculous thing I've heard in a while. That's not even just a nerd rage thing, but a genuine WTF if they did that. Even I'd be pissed, and I pretty much love everything HBO have done with the show so far.the ending with Dany and her dragons would be the most dramatic not to mention it is faithful to the book /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />yes, I also believe that HBO won't stray to far.
1225	EddieLarkin	2011-06-16	It's still Rast who will be killed imo.
In the last episode he gave Jon a right look when he was showing off his sword. That's got to lead somewhere, else they wouldn't have put it in. Also, Luke McEwan tweeted a few weeks ago that "Rast gets what's coming to him soon". This was after episode 4, and nothing has happened to him since then.
1226	JakePT	2011-06-16	I figured he was just hitting an inanimate object in a fit of rage.
I assumed Mago was the character who died early, even though he didn't die at all in the books, and there was just a bit of a miscommunication or forgetfulness on him ding on Book 3.
1227	Amir Mishali	2011-06-16	What if he's killing a wounded Greywind?
That way, we still lose a character that is supposed to die on s3, and they also solve themselves some of the direwolves issues .
1228	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-16	Yesterday watching this preview i found a suspicion that made me to register here. Hello all and sorry for my English.So, I am probably wrong, but:1) Robb is shown chopping something. Too small move for execution, too calm for a fight. But probably important moment.2) A character that dies later in the books should die this season.3) HBO knew how much whining and anger they will face with Ned's death. And they knew that there will be many non-readers that will barely stay with the series, but want revenge and blood. Lannister blood.So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand. Kingslayer is dead as a character - not person - about two seasons faster.If I'll be right, i will have to start play poker again ;PThere is pretty much nothing that would stop me tuning in to season two of this great series. This would though. That's a huge change, and not a good one, and if they cut off Jaime's hand, Sansa would be realistically in huge trouble
1229	Jasmine	2011-06-16	cutting off his hand is sadistic and premeditated and not something you would do in a rage fit. you would kill a man, but not cut off his good hand. 
and it would be really lame if they did it now /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1230	King_In_The_North	2011-06-16	shiiiiiit.Is this something Robb would do, though?  It doesn't seem that honorable to cut off the sword hand of your rival.  Plus the fact that it cuts down severely on Jaime's status as a valuable hostage.  I know the Karstarks are out for his blood, but still...Maiming prisoners after battle? That sounds a bit out-of-character for Robb.
1231	TheEvilKing	2011-06-16	It's still Rast who will be killed imo.In the last episode he gave Jon a right look when he was showing off his sword. That's got to lead somewhere, else they wouldn't have put it in. Also, Luke McEwan tweeted a few weeks ago that "Rast gets what's coming to him soon". This was after episode 4, and nothing has happened to him since then.You're right, but how would Robb kill Rast? Unless the "Rast" at the Wall is actually a Faceless Man. Hmmm... I wonder what Varys is up to.
1232	zmflavius	2011-06-16	You're right, but how would Robb kill Rast? Unless the "Rast" at the Wall is actually a Faceless Man. Hmmm... I wonder what Varys is up to.Yes, but Rast in the book is killed by Wildlings.  Perhaps the wights killed him?
1233	Carascan	2011-06-16	I still hope, that the "Robb slashing at something"-shot comes from a sort of flashback to the "lost battle" in the WW.
Imagine this: Cat questioning the Kingslayer in his cell and he describes (in his brutal and uncaring way) whom he cut down on his way to reach Robb... until he did and got knocked out by Robb to be taken as a prisonder. Would be a nice way of giving us some shots of the WW-battle, as Jaime cuts his way towards Robb and this could satisfy many of the viewers who hated the "drop of battles".
It would also be a good explanation, why Jaime showed up so suddenly as a prisoner, without any hint that they got him during a heated battle (except for these wounds he had).
I'd find that really cool /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
But maybe it's just wishful thinking...
1234	King_In_The_North	2011-06-16	I still hope, that the "Robb slashing at something"-shot comes from a sort of flashback to the "lost battle" in the WW.Imagine this: Cat questioning the Kingslayer in his cell and he describes (in his brutal and uncaring way) whom he cut down on his way to reach Robb... until he did and got knocked out by Robb to be taken as a prisonder. Would be a nice way of giving us some shots of the WW-battle, as Jaime cuts his way towards Robb and this could satisfy many of the viewers who hated the "drop of battles".It would also be a good explanation, why Jaime showed up so suddenly as a prisoner, without any hint that they got him during a heated battle (except for these wounds he had).I'd find that really cool /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But maybe it's just wishful thinking...The WW wasn't a lost battle.
1235	Popinjay	2011-06-16	So, Robb is cutting off Jaimie's hand. Kingslayer is dead as a character - not person - about two seasons faster.If I'll be right, i will have to start play poker again ;PWow, that's wild to think about. Upsides that I can see: potentially a big, budget-saving simplification of Jaime's future storyline; is somewhat of a piece with his "accelerated" character development in S1; and I can actually believe Robb would do this - fits with both his grief and the need to keep his bannermen in line.Downsides: we'd lose a really wonderful swordfight from S3 (assuming the show gets there, of course); might strain credibility of Jaime's later sympathy for the Starks & Brienne; could also impact the great scene between Jaime, Brienne, and Roose Bolton.UPDATE: The more I think about it the less likely it seems (though I'd still find it a pretty bold move). We know they've cast Lord Karstark as a featured extra this season, and he hasn't shown up yet. My guess is Karstark attempts to kill Jaime in the next episode, and Robb executes him for it.
					
					
							Edited by Popinjay, 16 June 2011 - 12:13 PM.
1236	Carascan	2011-06-16	The WW wasn't a lost battle.I mean "lost" in the sense of not showing it.
1237	NW Deserter	2011-06-16	My guess is Karstark attempts to kill Jaime in the next episode, and Robb executes him for it.This is much more likely. Jaime losing his hand this early would snowball into some very different plot events later on.
1238	Rodgex	2011-06-16	My guess is Karstark attempts to kill Jaime in the next episode, and Robb executes him for it.That would certainly add to the season finale I think, it would definitely help
1239	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-16	Actually Robb doing it wouldn't be that big a change.
Jaime rotting in a dungeon missing a hand is really not all that different from Jaime losing it soon after he gets out.
And they could justify it by having Jaime confess to pushing Bran like he did in the scene with Catelyn, so the cutting of the hand is his punishment to trying to kill a child, because they have to keep him alive as hostage.
The only difference is that it makes Robb a much harsher character. It also makes Catelyn move later less "bad", releasing a maimed Jaime is not nearly as bad as releasing a healthy Jaime.
It will also make the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" scene having more impact.
I actually wouldn't mind this change.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 16 June 2011 - 12:49 PM.
1240	D_Richard	2011-06-16	I wouldn't mind either.D & D are going to need to re-work some things that bigger than a hair color or factoid here, and a fresh conversation there. And this would simplify and possibly speed up Brienne and Jaime's relationship.Not that I think Jaime's hand is for sure what Robb is hacking at, but it would reassure to me that D&D know what they're doing in terms of actually adapting the novels.
1241	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-16	UPDATE: The more I think about it the less likely it seems (though I'd still find it a pretty bold move). We know they've cast Lord Karstark as a featured extra this season, and he hasn't shown up yet. My guess is Karstark attempts to kill Jaime in the next episode, and Robb executes him for it.Did they cast Karstark as a featured extra? I haven't heard that, and he isn't on the cast list at Winter Is Coming.net. Also, it would be way too early for Robb to execute Karstark, especially only for an attempt to kill Jaime. Him executing one of his banner lords this episode would greatly detract from the King in the North scene, which will surely be the last scene of Robb's this season. I think the minor character who dies in book 3 or 4 that is killed this season has already gone. It was either Marillon or Mago. Marillon was hit by a stone in episode 5 during the hill tribe attack and is never seen again, so he could be the death.
1242	OhDanyBoy	2011-06-16	Did they cast Karstark as a featured extra? I haven't heard that, and he isn't on the cast list at Winter Is Coming.net. Also, it would be way too early for Robb to execute Karstark, especially only for an attempt to kill Jaime. Him executing one of his banner lords this episode would greatly detract from the King in the North scene, which will surely be the last scene of Robb's this season. I think the minor character who dies in book 3 or 4 that is killed this season has already gone. It was either Marillon or Mago. Marillon was hit by a stone in episode 5 during the hill tribe attack and is never seen again, so he could be the death.Mago doesn't die in Book 3 or 4.  Marillion doesn't either, and also has been confirmed as still being alive by Bryan Cogman, the script supervisor for the show.  Seems we still haven't seen this mystery death, or the information about it got mangled.
1243	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-16	Actually Robb doing it wouldn't be that big a change.Jaime rotting in a dungeon missing a hand is really not all that different from Jaime losing it soon after he gets out.And they could justify it by having Jaime confess to pushing Bran like he did in the scene with Catelyn, so the cutting of the hand is his punishment to trying to kill a child, because they have to keep him alive as hostage.The only difference is that it makes Robb a much harsher character. It also makes Catelyn move later less "bad", releasing a maimed Jaime is not nearly as bad as releasing a healthy Jaime.It will also make the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" scene having more impact.I actually wouldn't mind this change.I disagree, I think it's a huge change that would cause a lot of character and plot problems down the line. First, it seems out of character for Robb to maim Jaime. If Robb took off a hand from Jaime, wouldn't he be afraid the Lannisters would do the same to Sansa (word would probably spread back to KL). Second, when Jaime loses his hand is when his character changes because he no longer is the great fighter he once was and must rely on other qualities. This would be harder to show while he's just rotting in a dungeon, plus it removes Brienne from the picture, who plays a huge part in motivating Jaime after his hand is lost. I think it would make the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" have less impact, as it would seem more like the RW was devised just to get back at Robb for cutting off Jaime's hand. Also, I think it's too early for Jaime to admit he pushed Bran out of the window. If he does, he has to explain why he did, which would then reveal to Catelyn and presumably Robb that he is the father of Joffrey. With that in mind, I just don't think Robb would proclaim himself King if he knew Joffrey was the product of incest; instead, Robb would most likely ally with Stannis as the true heir, as Ned would have done. Plus, in the book, Cat asks Jaime about Joffrey being his son because she heard it from Stannis; here, it's too early for her to know that, unless in the show she deduces that Jaime and Cersei were screwing from that blonde hair she found in episode 2, which would be really silly.
1244	Morrigan	2011-06-16	shiiiiiit.Is this something Robb would do, though?  It doesn't seem that honorable to cut off the sword hand of your rival.  Plus the fact that it cuts down severely on Jaime's status as a valuable hostage.  I know the Karstarks are out for his blood, but still...No, it really isn't something Robb would do. That's the stupidest theory yet, for reasons described by Arrogant Bastard and others. Seriously, why would they do something so stupid?I like the idea of Stannis in the last episode. Maybe end with Dany, credits, then BOOM teaser for next season with Stannis all broody and teeth-grindy. Oh yeah.Robb chopping Jaime's hand off is just about the most ridiculous thing I've heard in a while. That's not even just a nerd rage thing, but a genuine WTF if they did that. Even I'd be pissed, and I pretty much love everything HBO have done with the show so far.Both ideas are awful. Stannis isn't even cast, so it's not going to happen, but the book finale is perfect, why change it? If the series doesn't end with the dragons, I'll be pissed.It's still Rast who will be killed imo.In the last episode he gave Jon a right look when he was showing off his sword. That's got to lead somewhere, else they wouldn't have put it in. Also, Luke McEwan tweeted a few weeks ago that "Rast gets what's coming to him soon". This was after episode 4, and nothing has happened to him since then.Good call, I hadn't thought of him. He's indeed minor, and his early death wouldn't affect the story, but how would he die? There isn't any battle or action at the Wall presently. I still think Hoster Tully is a better possibility, but then again, if Edmure hasn't been cast, they surely won't go to Riverrun in S1, so that's out too...As for "getting what's coming to him", in which episode does Ghost jump on him to scare him? Was it after episode 4 or before? That might be what he's referring to. Edit: according to IMDB it's in episode 4. So if he tweeted that -after-, then you have a good point...
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 16 June 2011 - 03:49 PM.
1245	Amir Mishali	2011-06-16	Gods, I've been saying this for weeks now, but no one seems to pay much attention...
None of the suggestions for the mystery character make much sense, because for them to get rid of one of the characters that die in the third book, they would need a very good reason.
We already know they were having lots of problems with the direwolves, and next season they are going to be a budgetary burden because of the necessary CGI. The solution to this problem is simple: get rid of some of the direwolves. The only direwolf that is absolutely necessary to the story is Summer. Even Ghost is expendable to a degree. Greywind? He does nothing in the books, IIRC, until the red wedding. So they kill him earlier, big deal. This way they're saving lots of money. 
The only male character that actually makes sense in that regard, then, is Greywind.
1246	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-16	I disagree, I think it's a huge change that would cause a lot of character and plot problems down the line. First, it seems out of character for Robb to maim Jaime. If Robb took off a hand from Jaime, wouldn't he be afraid the Lannisters would do the same to Sansa (word would probably spread back to KL). Second, when Jaime loses his hand is when his character changes because he no longer is the great fighter he once was and must rely on other qualities. This would be harder to show while he's just rotting in a dungeon, plus it removes Brienne from the picture, who plays a huge part in motivating Jaime after his hand is lost. I think it would make the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" have less impact, as it would seem more like the RW was devised just to get back at Robb for cutting off Jaime's hand. Also, I think it's too early for Jaime to admit he pushed Bran out of the window. If he does, he has to explain why he did, which would then reveal to Catelyn and presumably Robb that he is the father of Joffrey. With that in mind, I just don't think Robb would proclaim himself King if he knew Joffrey was the product of incest; instead, Robb would most likely ally with Stannis as the true heir, as Ned would have done. Plus, in the book, Cat asks Jaime about Joffrey being his son because she heard it from Stannis; here, it's too early for her to know that, unless in the show she deduces that Jaime and Cersei were screwing from that blonde hair she found in episode 2, which would be really silly.Well , in the episode summary for chapter 10, I have found the following "As tragic news spreads across the Seven Kingdoms, Bran and Rickon share a prophetic dream, Catelyn interrogates Jaime about her sonE1s fall, and RobbE1s destiny is forever changed. After a surprising decision by his father, Tyrion heads south. Arya assumes a new identity in an attempt to escape KingE1s Landing, and Sansa is terrorized by Joffrey." So clearly we will get the Jaime confessing scene in ACOK here.Which leads to, if they are cutting his hand off for his confessed crime to trying to kill Bran, that's a legitimate punishment for a true crime.  Whereas Sansa has not been accused of anything (Ned was killed for confessed treason). So they don't have to worry about Lannisters harming Sansa for simple revenge, even the Lannisters still have to keep up with appearances of justice and would need to cause to punish Sansa.Secondly, I don't agree with the interpretation that losing his hand is what started Jaime on his journey of redemption, yes, it's part of it. But I've always understood that it was Brienne's commitment to honor and to her vows that is the catalyst for Jaime's change.  He knew that Brienne detested him and all that he was (Kingslayer, child murderer, incest/adultery/treason against his king, etc), yet was still willing to risk her life to see him reach King's Landing safely, because she had pledged to do so. That it's not about whether you like the things that your vows make you do, it's about keeping your word.  So I don't think losing his hand now has much of an impact on Jaime's redemption arc. It's was Brienne, not his lost hand.
1247	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-16	Well , in the episode summary for chapter 10, I have found the following "As tragic news spreads across the Seven Kingdoms, Bran and Rickon share a prophetic dream, Catelyn interrogates Jaime about her sonE1s fall, and RobbE1s destiny is forever changed. After a surprising decision by his father, Tyrion heads south. Arya assumes a new identity in an attempt to escape KingE1s Landing, and Sansa is terrorized by Joffrey." So clearly we will get the Jaime confessing scene in ACOK here.Not necessarily. She could interrogate him but he might not reveal everything (why would he this early), they could have moved up his story about the Mad King killing Brandon. You're probably right that he will confess about Bran and Joffrey, but I hope it's not the case.Which leads to, if they are cutting his hand off for his confessed crime to trying to kill Bran, that's a legitimate punishment for a true crime.  Whereas Sansa has not been accused of anything (Ned was killed for confessed treason). So they don't have to worry about Lannisters harming Sansa for simple revenge, even the Lannisters still have to keep up with appearances of justice and would need to cause to punish Sansa.I don't buy this at all. They certainly do have to worry about the Lannisters harming Sansa for revenge; not even Robb and Catelyn are naive enough to believe that the Lannisters wouldn't hurt Sansa if they found out about Jaime losing a hand because it's "a legitimate punishment for a true crime". Plus, the Lannisters wouldn't hear about him getting his hand cut off for a legit crime, and if they did, they would deny it or just say he was forced to confess that. Cersei would never admit publicly that Jaime threw Bran out a window because she was caught screwing her twin brother. Also, the Lannisters did hurt Sansa for simple revenge, as Joffrey had her stripped naked and beaten for Robb winning a battle. Secondly, I don't agree with the interpretation that losing his hand is what started Jaime on his journey of redemption, yes, it's part of it. But I've always understood that it was Brienne's commitment to honor and to her vows that is the catalyst for Jaime's change.  He knew that Brienne detested him and all that he was (Kingslayer, child murderer, incest/adultery/treason against his king, etc), yet was still willing to risk her life to see him reach King's Landing safely, because she had pledged to do so. That it's not about whether you like the things that your vows make you do, it's about keeping your word.  So I don't think losing his hand now has much of an impact on Jaime's redemption arc. It's was Brienne, not his lost hand.I agree that it's part of losing his hand and part with Brienne, but the two events are intertwined in my opinion. If he loses his hand early, he doesn't have Brienne there to help him through it, he's just rotting in a dungeon by himself. So I think it's too early to have him lose his hand without Brienne being there, not to mention completely out of character for Robb to do so.
1248	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-16	Why would it be out of character for Robb, as the Lord of Winterfell, to punish the man who just confessed to trying to kill his brother and causing his brother to be crippled for life.
1249	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-16	Why would it be out of character for Robb, as the Lord of Winterfell, to punish the man who just confessed to trying to kill his brother and causing his brother to be crippled for life.Because, as I've said, he knows that Jaime is a more valuable hostage intact and that Joffrey will likely take Sansa's hand if he does that to Jaime. In ASOS Robb learns that Bolton has Theon, who he believes beheaded Bran and Rickon, yet he agrees with Bolton to keep Theon in custody as a valuable hostage, not to kill him. Theon was being tortured and flayed, but the Greyjoys did not hold any hostage of the Starks.
1250	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-16	Because, as I've said, he knows that Jaime is a more valuable hostage intact and that Joffrey will likely take Sansa's hand if he does that to Jaime. In ASOS Robb learns that Bolton has Theon, who he believes beheaded Bran and Rickon, yet he agrees with Bolton to keep Theon in custody as a valuable hostage, not to kill him. Theon was being tortured and flayed, but the Greyjoys did not hold any hostage of the Starks.I think although the temptation is there to get back at the Starks through Sansa, the Lannisters ultimately need a cause for appearances sake, they have to appear to be conducting the King's justice, and they don't have one with Sansa.  Joffrey does punish Sansa but it's never to the face and not in public. Come to think of it, the writer may be doing this to also establishing some motivation for Sansa's treatment and for why Cersei never puts a stop to it in ACOK.
1251	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-16	I think although the temptation is there to get back at the Starks through Sansa, the Lannisters ultimately need a cause for appearances sake, they have to appear to be conducting the King's justice, and they don't have one with Sansa.  Joffrey does punish Sansa but it's never to the face and not in public. Come to think of it, the writer may be doing this to also establishing some motivation for Sansa's treatment and for why Cersei never puts a stop to it in ACOK.Ok, first of all, Sansa is hit to the face in AGOT and her beating in ACOK was pretty much in public, or else Tyrion wouldn't have wandered in on it. If, in the book, Robb had actually cut off Jaime's hand, and Joffrey heard about it, do you really believe he wouldn't have Sansa punished? Also, do you believe that Robb would actually think "well, if I cut off Jaime's hand, they won't do anything to Sansa because the Lannisters need a cause for appearances sake, so they won't do anything". Also, the act of maiming Jaime would be a cause for appearances sake for the Lannisters to harm Sansa in retribution. As I said before, Cersei would never acknowledge Jaime's confession and would just say it was forced out of him through torture, and it would appear that way because Robb would have chopped off his hand.
1252	King_In_The_North	2011-06-16	I think having Cat talk to Jaime before season 2 is a bad idea because she only discovers about Jaime's and Cersei's supposed incest when she meets with Stannis. She then manages to put all the parts together and realises that Bran saw Jaime and Cersei together and that's how he fell. She stayed in Renly's tent while he was dressing for battle because she wanted to tell him that. But then Renly died, which meant she had to run away and take Brienne with her so they won't be framed for doing it. Now they'll just make Cat staying in Renly's tent a bit longer kinda pointless and it would only seem like she stayed there because the plot needed her to, not because she had something very urgent to tell Renly and wouldn't waste any time at telling him.
1253	Popinjay	2011-06-16	Did they cast Karstark as a featured extra? I haven't heard that, and he isn't on the cast list at Winter Is Coming.net. See bottom of list here: http://winter-is-com...-big-and-small/
1254	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-16	I think having Cat talk to Jaime before season 2 is a bad idea because she only discovers about Jaime's and Cersei's supposed incest when she meets with Stannis. She then manages to put all the parts together and realises that Bran saw Jaime and Cersei together and that's how he fell. She stayed in Renly's tent while he was dressing for battle because she wanted to tell him that. But then Renly died, which meant she had to run away and take Brienne with her so they won't be framed for doing it. Now they'll just make Cat staying in Renly's tent a bit longer kinda pointless and it would only seem like she stayed there because the plot needed her to, not because she had something very urgent to tell Renly and wouldn't waste any time at telling him.Yeah I always thought that if Robb KNEW Stannis was the rightful heir and not Joffrey, he might have stood for Stannis and the whole story would have changed- once Robb finds out it's too late and he's already "King in the North" and can't back down
1255	Alcatur	2011-06-16	Apart from everything else, cutting Jaime's hand right now would change his character development in season 3; it was  Brienne remark about him being cowardly that was the most important factor, after which Jaime asked himself if he was just  the hand holding the sword. Without his hand, this situation won't occur, thus entire arc would have to be changed. I simply cant see this happen.
1256	PreciousLittleBird	2011-06-16	I KNOW! Maybe Sansa will actually shove Joffery to his death this time!! Sweet Revenge!!! lol
1257	Starchaser	2011-06-16	It probably won't happen, but it would be an understandable adaption for HBO's sake. Robb is the guy keeping hope for Ned fans and a little vengeance would be fine. He has plenty of chances to show what an honorable man he is down the road. According to some of you he'd probably never renege on a marriage vow.
1258	Commodore	2011-06-16	looks like more of a hack than a vertical chop from Robb, don't think he is cutting off a hand
1259	Nihilist	2011-06-16	looks like more of a hack than a vertical chop from Robb, don't think he is cutting off a handNo, it is simply a dumb idea that makes absolutely no sense going forward.
1260	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-16	It probably won't happen, but it would be an understandable adaption for HBO's sake. Robb is the guy keeping hope for Ned fans and a little vengeance would be fine. He has plenty of chances to show what an honorable man he is down the road. According to some of you he'd probably never renege on a marriage vow.Maiming someone out of vengeance is fine?
1261	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-16	Maiming someone out of vengeance is fine?Lords don't do vengence, they do justice. The hand chopping would be the enactment of justice for 1) Jaime attacking Ned with the intent to kill, 2) He ran rampant across the Riverlands killing, burning besieging. Cutting off Jaime's hand will effectively prevent him from doing those things again. Letting someone like Karstark do it because he killed his sons in battle would be simple vengeance, and dishonourable to boot.The difference between justice and vengeance is motive....going forward /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
1262	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-16	Lords don't do vengence, they do justice. The hand chopping would be the enactment of justice for 1) Jaime attacking Ned with the intent to kill, 2) He ran rampant across the Riverlands killing, burning besieging. Cutting off Jaime's hand will effectively prevent him from doing those things again. Letting someone like Karstark do it because he killed his sons in battle would be simple vengeance, and dishonourable to boot.The difference between justice and vengeance is motive. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />The quote I was referencing specifically said that a little vengeance would be fine whilst referring to cutting off Jaime' hand in cold blood- which is also a violation of prisoners' rights in the medieval world, and from what we have seen, Westeros. Plus it's really stupid because that kind of cruelty masquerading as justice would mean the Starks could not complain if Sansa got the same treatment. Plus it wouldn't be justice given that the clip we saw showed Robb to be slashing in a rage (which is not objective in any way and is anathema to justice) just after he presumably finds out that his father has been killed, which makes it revenge, not justice, if motives are what matter, which I am not entirely sold on anyway.Plus reneging on a marrige vow is not comparably dishonourable to maiming a prisoner of war. Execution, there is a valid argument for, maiming is cruel, stupid and incredibly against Robb's character!And as Lannister and Stark are at war, and Robb has no legal authority an has not yet claimed his legal autonomy that would still have to be cemented by right of conquest, there is no conceivable way that chopping Jaime's hand off could be legal and thus objectively just. If just even exists outside of legality. At best it is an act of war, which is fine but technically follow certain rules of honour, especially if your surname is Stark. At worst it is an illegal act of GBH against the LC of the KG of the rightful king as far as Robb knows, as well as the Queen's brother, in perceived revenge for either an unproven crime or a legal act/act of war depending on how illegal Cat's abduction of Tyrion was and thus Jaime's declaration of war by deed on house Stark. Call it many things but justice or honourable? Really?
1263	Noir Dove	2011-06-16	From page 2:What's really surprising to me isn't the non-reader's reaction to Ned's death, but the fierce loyalty to Drogo of all characters. The OtakuASSEMBLE guy said he'll tune in for episode 10 but is done with the series if Drogo dies. WTF? He's probably just hamming it up a bit for the camera but still, maybe they made Drogo too likeable in the show or something. Hopefully Dany's big finale will center the attention back to her on that continent.This is JUST like the Dothraki warriors. They are all "ugh once Drogo is pushing daises we are SOOO outta here"Then the see dragons muhahahahaAnyways...The King in the North "spoiler" doesn't bother me at all. I actually thought it was a great hook. It's like saying "Look, Ned died, that blew, we know. BUT, Robb is gonna be badass! So... pretty please... with sugar on top... come back next week to see the badassery!"
1264	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-16	Jaime losing a hand by Robb's decision to punish him for pushing Bran is good for an adaptation. You can't stay too close to the books. Atleast this way, they won't have to cast Vargo and the Bloody Mummers. I don't know why this is such a problem for the purists. TV Robb is different from Book Robb. Get over it.
1265	Nnorb	2011-06-17	The worst thing about this theory is that it's entirely plausible. You can easily see a writer who doesn't know or care about Robb/Jaime/Brienne's character arcs pulling a stunt like this, purely to gratify the 'Lannisterz are ebul' crowd. There will be much dissapoint if the TV adaption proves so shallow.
					
					
							Edited by Nnorb, 17 June 2011 - 12:11 AM.
1266	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-17	What so shallow about it? It opens so many possibilities. If the realm comes to know about Jaime's pushing Bran out of a window, it'll only add to their disgust for him (which is already there by virtue of killing Aerys). The only hiccup in my eyes is that Jaime would have to confess Joffrey being a bastard. 
I guess this would open up Stannis and Renly claiming the crown. 
Also, Sansa's already going to be manhandled in KL anyway, so its not like the Lannisters need an excuse. 
I don't see how Brienne and Jaime's story arc can be destroyed by it. Stop being so narrow minded. We'll see what happens. 
If you place purists in the position to adapt a series, it's never going to be adapted properly.
1267	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-17	What so shallow about it? It opens so many possibilities. If the realm comes to know about Jaime's pushing Bran out of a window, it'll only add to their disgust for him (which is already there by virtue of killing Aerys). The only hiccup in my eyes is that Jaime would have to confess Joffrey being a bastard. I guess this would open up Stannis and Renly claiming the crown. Also, Sansa's already going to be manhandled in KL anyway, so its not like the Lannisters need an excuse. I don't see how Brienne and Jaime's story arc can be destroyed by it. Stop being so narrow minded. We'll see what happens. If you place purists in the position to adapt a series, it's never going to be adapted properly.Please tell me all these possibilites that are opened by having Jaime lose his hand to Robb Stark. I don't see how the realm hating him more matters; they already hate him as the kingslayer, why would more hate for Jaime change anything?
1268	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-17	CGI dragons are way easier to do than CGI wolves. Ever tried to create CGI hair?
And I read somewhere this season's final episode would pull a little from the beginning of the second book to help set up the next season.
1269	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-17	If we're just looking at the creative perspective, it's a nice counterbalance to the first episode, the negligence of the Whispering Wood, Ned's and Jory's deaths. As I already mentioned before, it eliminates the need for more extras in the form of the Bloody Mummers. Because if Vargo's to cut off Jaime's hand, who cares? Even in the books, Vargo doesn't have much of a reason for maiming Jaime. Rather have his hand cut off by someone who the viewers know and has sufficient motive for doing so, and to give some much needed closure to the first season. 
Book readers may not agree, but they've got their books to comfort them, whereas, in a TV adaptation, you can't assume all of them will appreciate the profound depth of Robb's honour, Jaime's self loathing, Brienne's chivalry and Vargo's madness. 
Again, if I was the producer, I'd have Robb do this, but since I'm not, we'll just have to see what happens.
1270	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-17	The worst thing about this theory is that it's entirely plausible. You can easily see a writer who doesn't know or care about Robb/Jaime/Brienne's character arcs pulling a stunt like this, purely to gratify the 'Lannisterz are ebul' crowd. There will be much dissapoint if the TV adaption proves so shallow.Doesn't Robb cutting off Jaime's hand put the act more in the "poor Lannisters. Robb stark has no honour and his father would rightfully be pissed off not happy"  camp?
1271	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-17	You know what, Robb dies eventually too. Why not just have him killed by Frey next episode, and have Tyrion kill Tywin now and Renly die off screen because that would save on time and still have the end result....
1272	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-17	Yeah let's do that. Atleast it'll make Martin finish the series faster.  /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
1273	Panjer	2011-06-17	The people you guys are putting forward as the guys likely to die in book 1 are still too major if you ask me. Didn't Ran say that it was a VERY minor character?
My money was on Rast dying instead of the not-seen Jeremy Rykker but that ship has sailed I'm afraid.
As for people saying they refuse to watch the series after Ned's death, didn't we all have that feeling, even if it was just for a moment, after the Red Wedding?
1274	TMWNN	2011-06-17	Little disappointing that they'd give away one of my favorite moments from the end of the books in the trailer, but after the end of episode 9 I guess they felt they needed to hook people with the closest thing to a happy ending they were like to go.Next-episode previews aren't assembled by shows' actual writers and directors, but by network marketing people. That's why they so frequently contain plot points. (Similarly, film previews are assembled by specialized previews-making companies; that's why film trailers so often "show all the best jokes in the movie" or "give away the whole plot".)That said, even assuming a viewer correctly deciphers what "King in the North" means and what it implies for future plotlines, I would argue that Sansa being shown her father's head on a pike (a scene we have been more or less told and shown is coming) is more dramatic. Further, "King in the North" is not the most important moment of the episode... They have to show dragons.  Make them sleeping at least.  It will be one of the most iconic TV scenes of all time.This is. I completely agree; done right, ending the season with a naked Daenerys exiting the funeral pyre with D R A G O N S wrapped around her (put me down for the "Yes, show them suckling" camp for additional impact) will cause a Twitter frenzy that will easily eclipse Sean Bean getting his head cut off.
1275	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-17	Yeah let's do that. Atleast it'll make Martin finish the series faster.  /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />I thought the books and TV show were separate and changes were necessary? Why would the changes to the TV show make Martin finish any faster?
1276	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-17	Because apparently, making any changes is regarded as blasphemy here.
1277	Longasc	2011-06-17	looks like more of a hack than a vertical chop from Robb, don't think he is cutting off a handI second that. He does not aim and the slash is horizontal. The sound also does not fit to a be-handing. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1278	Cruella_Da_Oz	2011-06-17	It doesn't mean that all changes are good, either. Martin writes what he writes for a reason, and although changes are necessary, they need to be thought through very carefully. 
Brienne and Jaime's journey would seem pretty uneventful without bloody mummers, and they must end up in Harrenhall, or he will never get to save her from the bear (or something else, if the bear is too difficult, here i can definitely accept some change). I am sure they will shorten the trip, but *something* must happen on the way. Bloody mummers are easier to film than boat trip.
This variation came to my mind when I saw preview but I hope it is not so. I liked that it was done by random sellswords, because one of the themes in the series is that revenge is not, in fact, sweet. Jaime doesn't get pleasure from Hoat's fate, Arya travels with one of the people on her list, and can't bring herself to kill him, even Joffrey's death has some pathos (not that it worked this way for most readers /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) So we do not derive much satisfaction from this.
Catelyn would seem even more reckless in letting Jaime go then,also. if Starks cut off his hand, Jaime'd find Sansa and set her on fire more like (well, maybe not literally). He was super pissed about that. Depressed and on the trip is also more interesting visually than depressed and in dungeon, or depressed a year later still.
Also would be very irresponsible when it comes to Sansa, but what else is new with Robb. 
It would sure give new viewers some longed for sweet revenge, though. Next best thing after Joffrey<U+0092>s or Cersei<U+0092>s death. I just do not care much for this <U+0096> frustration is part of ASOIAF<U+0092>s frustrating charm. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Anyhow, I can see that (post Bran confession), really, but hope not. This is not part of GRRM's story that needs much improvement.
1279	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-17	Because apparently, making any changes is regarded as blasphemy here.Nope just bad changes
1280	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-17	Because apparently, making any changes is regarded as blasphemy here.Changes are fine, but changes that change the tone and spirit of the story are not so fine.
1281	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-17	Because apparently, making any changes is regarded as blasphemy here.How many changes can be made before the programme is no longer GOT but a very similar, but different, story?
1282	Eloisa	2011-06-17	As for people saying they refuse to watch the series after Ned's death, didn't we all have that feeling, even if it was just for a moment, after the Red Wedding?My sister, husband and best friend all refused to read on after Ned's death.  So far, husband has returned to the fold and the other two are on their way back.  The rage-quitters will mostly return... only question is how quickly they return (in time for the Clash series).
1283	modehead	2011-06-17	I think they're definitely going to have to make some wholesale changes from the books. Would it suprise you if GRRM posts on his blog at 8:59 Sunday night saying something like "I approved of these changes"?Simplifying Jamie's journey back to KL is not out of the question. Here's a hypothetical re-write that still has Brienne be powerful: Cat sends a small army to bring the already one-handed Jamie back to KL. Brienne is part of that army. Jamie escapes, and Brienne finds him, but loses the group because of a giant falling rock. She tries to bring him to KL, alone. It's simple enough for TV, and you still get the essence of the plot. It could happen.In that vain, Rob cutting off Jamie's hand can be done without maiming Robb's character. The role of "mercy" and it's negative effect on his father's part has already been a huge part of the TV series. Why not continue that theme? It could happen. It might not, but it's silly to argue that it won't happen.
					
					
							Edited by modehead, 17 June 2011 - 08:59 AM.
1284	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-17	It doesn't mean that all changes are good, either. Martin writes what he writes for a reason, and although changes are necessary, they need to be thought through very carefully. Brienne and Jaime's journey would seem pretty uneventful without bloody mummers, and they must end up in Harrenhall, or he will never get to save her from the bear (or something else, if the bear is too difficult, here i can definitely accept some change). I am sure they will shorten the trip, but *something* must happen on the way. Bloody mummers are easier to film than boat trip.This variation came to my mind when I saw preview but I hope it is not so. I liked that it was done by random sellswords, because one of the themes in the series is that revenge is not, in fact, sweet. Jaime doesn't get pleasure from Hoat's fate, Arya travels with one of the people on her list, and can't bring herself to kill him, even Joffrey's death has some pathos (not that it worked this way for most readers /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) So we do not derive much satisfaction from this.Catelyn would seem even more reckless in letting Jaime go then,also. if Starks cut off his hand, Jaime'd find Sansa and set her on fire more like (well, maybe not literally). He was super pissed about that. Depressed and on the trip is also more interesting visually than depressed and in dungeon, or depressed a year later still.Also would be very irresponsible when it comes to Sansa, but what else is new with Robb. It would sure give new viewers some longed for sweet revenge, though. Next best thing after Joffrey<U+0092>s or Cersei<U+0092>s death. I just do not care much for this <U+0096> frustration is part of ASOIAF<U+0092>s frustrating charm. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Anyhow, I can see that (post Bran confession), really, but hope not. This is not part of GRRM's story that needs much improvement.That's fair enough. When I read the books, Vargo cutting off Jaime's hand seemed pretty random to me. I just reckoned it'd be better to have primary characters involved in this scene. And I don't think it has to be a bear that Jaime saves Brienne from, could be any different number of things. Because, if we're going to be literal about every Riverland journey, are we also going to film all of Brienne's dead ends in a Feast for Crows? (Crackclaw, Saltpans etc.) It's just a colossal waste of time which I also consider the Mummers to be. If they were creative enough to include a non-book scene between Tywin and Jaime (which was great btw), they should have enough resourcefulness to make this riverland journey interesting. But oh well, if some Vargo, Rorge and Biter fans want them to star in the coming seasons, more power to them. Also Catelyn's going to make him swear to return Sansa and Arya anyway, so him harming Sansa doesn't come up. In any case, it's not like he's trying his damned best to search for them either (in Feast), apart from sending Brienne to search ALL of Westeros. So the Kingslayer is still the Kingslayer, no more. Regarding the frustration bit, that frustration is being stretched to 5 books, maybe 7. It's a bit much by any stretch of the imagination. And to think with books being split into multiple seasons, the show might not even last that long.
1285	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-17	I think they're definitely going to have to make some wholesale changes from the books. Would it suprise you if GRRM posts on his blog at 8:59 Sunday night saying something like "I approved of these changes"?Simplifying Jamie's journey back to KL is not out of the question. Here's a hypothetical re-write that still has Brienne be powerful: Cat sends a small army to bring the already one-handed Jamie back to KL. Brienne is part of that army. Jamie escapes, and Brienne finds him, but loses the group because of a giant falling rock. She tries to bring him to KL, alone. It's simple enough for TV, and you still get the essence of the plot. It could happen.In that vain, Rob cutting off Jamie's hand can be done without maiming Robb's character. The role of "mercy" and it's negative effect on his father's part has already been a huge part of the TV series. Why not continue that theme? It could happen. It might not, but it's silly to argue that it won't happen.Also Robb leaving Jaime as a cripple for turning Bran into a cripple sounds like fair judgement. I can't believe there are so many Jaime defenders. He's turning towards the light yes, but he's still a stinking Lannister at the end of book 4.
1286	zmflavius	2011-06-17	Also Robb leaving Jaime as a cripple for turning Bran into a cripple sounds like fair judgement. I can't believe there are so many Jaime defenders. He's turning towards the light yes, but he's still a stinking Lannister at the end of book 4.I think it's more, he's turning back into one, in his efforts to be his father's son.
1287	Smiler	2011-06-17	That's fair enough. When I read the books, Vargo cutting off Jaime's hand seemed pretty random to me. I just reckoned it'd be better to have primary characters involved in this scene.I felt just the opposite.  Having one of Westeros's best swordsman lose his hand by some ragtag group of assholes was even more demoralizing to Jaime.  One of the things I like about the series is revenge and justice can arrive in unpredictable ways.  Rob taking Jaime's hand through punishment or a fight seems Hollywood to me, and I like the series because it is not Hollywood.  If they do this, I will be severely disappointed.  I also think it would hurt the Brienne/Jaime storyline, not logistically, and not because of the sword fight, but because of their relationship arc.  He is less likely to be the arrogant, wise-cracking Jaime to Brienne that we see when they initially depart Riverrun if he is leaving with only one hand.  I've been good with the changes they've made so far, the only exception being Tryion getting knocked out before the Greenfork battle.
					
					
							Edited by Smiler, 17 June 2011 - 09:39 AM.
1288	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-17	Also Robb leaving Jaime as a cripple for turning Bran into a cripple sounds like fair judgement. I can't believe there are so many Jaime defenders. He's turning towards the light yes, but he's still a stinking Lannister at the end of book 4.I am not a Jaime defender, I don't care about him... I care about a story that makes sense.Jaime needs to lose his hand from a third party, not a Stark loyalist, if he is to realisitcally care one bit about freeing Sansa in the future. It may make sense to have Karstark, and the have Robb execute Karstak, but it is too early for the Northern host to have a scism. They are already outnumbered.  There needs to be a posibility for the Starks to win and the Northern host has to remain undivided through season 2 in order to be taken as a credible threat.Unless book 1 and 2 are gutted and combined, Robb removing Jaime's hand makes no sense. If that's the case, I think there are big problems.
1289	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-17	Double post.
					
					
							Edited by AquariumDrinker, 17 June 2011 - 09:41 AM.
1290	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-17	How many changes can be made before the programme is no longer GOT but a very similar, but different, story?The moment they change something that will make something important from books 5-7 impossible to happen in the TV series.
1291	modehead	2011-06-17	Jaime needs to lose his hand from a third party, not a Stark loyalist, if he is to realisitcally care one bit about freeing Sansa in the future.But... can't Jamie have other motivations? After all, he is a knight and holds his honor very dearly. They've built him up in the show as a guy who gets very hurt by the Kingslayer talk.  If he makes an oath to bring Sansa back, I think he'll take that Oath seriously.For the record, I don't think Jamie will lose his hand tomorrow.
1292	Starchaser	2011-06-17	And yet if it happens it's because GRRM signed off on it. 
I haven't even seen the previews and doubt it will happen, but it sounds like a reasonable theory.
1293	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-17	But... can't Jamie have other motivations? After all, he is a knight and holds his honor very dearly. They've built him up in the show as a guy who gets very hurt by the Kingslayer talk.  If he makes an oath to bring Sansa back, I think he'll take that Oath seriously.For the record, I don't think Jamie will lose his hand tomorrow.Um, since when does Jaime hold his honor very dearly? He does seem wounded at times by the Kingslayer talk, but the audience will more remember him as shoving a ten year old out a window and screwing his twin sister. A TV audience would never buy him seriously trying to honor his oath to bring Sansa back if Robb had cut off his hand. In the book, e never took the oath seriously until he lost his hand from what I remember, he spent his first two or three chapters in ASOS trying to escape from Brienne. I aslo don't think he'll lose the hand either.It will be interesting to see how the show handles Jaime's transformation, as most of his motivations in the book are revealed in his inner monologue and are not things he would say in conversation.
1294	modehead	2011-06-17	Um, since when does Jaime hold his honor very dearly? He does seem wounded at times by the Kingslayer talk, but the audience will more remember him as shoving a ten year old out a window and screwing his twin sister. A TV audience would never buy him seriously trying to honor his oath to bring Sansa back if Robb had cut off his hand. In the book, e never took the oath seriously until he lost his hand from what I remember, he spent his first two or three chapters in ASOS trying to escape from Brienne. I aslo don't think he'll lose the hand either.It will be interesting to see how the show handles Jaime's transformation, as most of his motivations in the book are revealed in his inner monologue and are not things he would say in conversation.Um, since when do we have to talk to each other with that tone? We're discussing a TV show.Either way, you might be right. I might be projecting a bit. But, what was the only thing that made Jamie angry (in the show)? Whenever anyone (Robert, Ned) insulted him as an oathbreaker.  They could be setting this up.
1295	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-17	But... can't Jamie have other motivations? After all, he is a knight and holds his honor very dearly. They've built him up in the show as a guy who gets very hurt by the Kingslayer talk.  If he makes an oath to bring Sansa back, I think he'll take that Oath seriously.For the record, I don't think Jamie will lose his hand tomorrow.I can't imagine Jaime, after geting his hand removed and then being held captive for a year, doing anything but plot his revenge. Losing his hand on the way home made it so powerful a moment.  It would change his character too soon and start him on a bitter path, rather than redmption. A random person doing it (I don't care who ends up doing it, as long as it happens on the way to KL) removes the revenge motivator and makes the story work, and maintains Jaime's hope of returning home.It just doesn't ring true to anything but a major plot changing event. This would be so much more than giving Little Finger the story of the Hound and the Mountain to tell.
1296	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-17	Um, since when do we have to talk to each other with that tone? We're discussing a TV show.Either way, you might be right. I might be projecting a bit. But, what was the only thing that made Jamie angry (in the show)? Whenever anyone (Robert, Ned) insulted him as an oathbreaker.  They could be setting this up.What tone is that? I don't think I came off as nasty, angry, or sarcastic, but if you took that way, I'll just say it wasn't intended.
1297	modehead	2011-06-17	I can't imagine Jaime, after geting his hand removed and then being held captive for a year, doing anything but plot his revenge. Losing his hand on the way home made it so powerful a moment.  It would change his character too soon and start him on a bitter path, rather than redmption. A random person doing it (I don't care who ends up doing it, as long as it happens on the way to KL) removes the revenge motivator and makes the story work, and maintains Jaime's hope of returning home.It just doesn't ring true to anything but a major plot changing event. This would be so much more than giving Little Finger the story of the Hound and the Mountain to tell.That's true.
1298	laughing tree knight	2011-06-17	how can they bring in Brienne now with out having here be part of renly's rainbow guard? with out her and catlyn being accused of renlys death.
it has to be lord karnstark attempting to kill jamie which will cause Robb to kill him this season.  
1. since we dont see the whispering wood fight we need to be told more details. who better than an enraged father.
2. two seasons of TV is to long for viewers to hold on to lord karnstarks anger and remember it when he delivered it in book 3.
3. the only way i could see jamie losing his hand would be at karnstarks blow and in turn robb kills him.
but it screws up the prisoner exchange escape plane of tyrion's in book 2 along with plenty other sequences.
I expect karnstark to reveal that his sons are dead and to attempt to kill jamie. in turn robb kills him in exectition style.
hey do you think they can make  change so Jon and bran have a picnic together at the queenscrown intsead of being so close and apart. i mean it would speed things up if these characters talked to each other.  the characters suffer from "LOST" syndrome: the everything would be ok if we just told people what we know instead of keeping secrets.
imagine if NED took the valaryian steel knife to King Robert. he'd be like "hey thanks I've been looking for that" instead he buys little fingers lie that it belongs to tryion which sets off the war.  just so
					
					
							Edited by laughing tree knight, 17 June 2011 - 01:49 PM.
1299	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-17	how can they bring in Brienne now with out having here be part of renly's rainbow guard? with out her and catlyn being accused of renlys death.Brienne will definitely be introduced with Renly, I'm certain of it.  it has to be lord karnstark attempting to kill jamie which will cause Robb to kill him this season.  1. since we dont see the whispering wood fight we need to be told more details. who better than an enraged father.2. two seasons of TV is to long for viewers to hold on to lord karnstarks anger and remember it when he delivered it in book 3.They can have 2. happen in the last/second to last episode, just as Jaime is on his way out with Brienne. The real reason Karstark is pissed in any case is because Jaime has escaped, thus removing his only chance for vengeance. They might have Jaime kill the Karstark boys during his escape attempt - that'll keep things more fresh. 3. the only way i could see jamie losing his hand would be at karnstarks blow and in turn robb kills him.but it screws up the prisoner exchange escape plane of tyrion's in book 2 along with plenty other sequences.I expect karnstark to reveal that his sons are dead and to attempt to kill jamie. in turn robb kills him in exectition style.I don't see a need/any evidence for this drastic a change.  They'll just move the first Jaime chapter from aSoS into aCoK.  Simple as that.
					
					
							Edited by MyDogIsNamedDanerys, 17 June 2011 - 05:15 PM.
1300	laughing tree knight	2011-06-17	I wasnt suggesting any changes. I was just responding to rumors. I wish they would keep it as accurate as possible.
with the exception of showing more off camera actions. for one I want to see the comfort that lady Jeyne provides Robb. Or the attack on her father's keep that proceeds.
1301	iheartseverus	2011-06-17	Okay, don't kill me if this has already been hashed out here--I can't read all 10 pages to find out.  Just saw this bit over at TWoP from an Unsullied (what they call people who haven't read the books, but are closely following the HBO series).  Has anyone else seen these changes?  What do you/we think?I rewatched this episode for like the fourth time last night (I know, I know), but this time I didn't watch it On Demand...it just happened to on again when I sat down to relax. Anyway, when the preview promos for next week came on, they were adjusted a bit from the previews we saw at the end of the episode on Sunday (and the other times I have rewatched).This set only had three or four scene shots (so lots from Sunday's previews were deleted), but most notably, instead of the first shot being at the execution, Sansa fainting, Joffrey telling Sansa, "My mother still wants me to marry you, so you will stay HERE", and Sansa crying, "Please just let me go home" (like the first shot of the preview we saw last Sunday), this preview opener showed Joffrey yelling at Sansa, "When they kill your brother, they will bring me his head!" And then Sansa replies, rather confident and cool (and Cersei-like), "Or maybe he will bring me yours." Go on with your bad self, Sansa!
1302	Noir Dove	2011-06-17	I just want to get on my soapbox for a second.
I know people who have been reading this series for years feel very strongly about certain points. But I'm here on my soapbox, not judging, not yelling, not trying to argue.
But all of you are going to be sorely disappointed. There will be changes that you don't agree with, or even hate. But television is a a different medium and things will have to be changed, edited, moved, ect. It's better to just roll with it and enjoy the show rather than be all pissed about it. It ruins the fun of the whole thing.
I wholeheartedly believe the spirit of the books will remain intact. 
*off soapbox*
The episode title... Fire and Blood.... They WILL show dragons. There is no other reason to name this episode that unless Dragons were coming. All the episode titles have been very important. That importance has me giddy with joy to see Dany strut out of the flames with mother-fucking DRAGONS.
					
					
							Edited by Noir Dove, 17 June 2011 - 06:49 PM.
1303	Zoren	2011-06-17	Robb maiming Jaime (outside of battle !!!) is just wrong. Jaime would spend his remaining days trying to get revenge, he wouldn't be humbled AT ALL. Besides, Catelyn releasing him would be even more stupid than in the books.
The irony of Jaime's tragedy is that the person who maimed was one of the sellsword hired by his own father.
1304	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-17	I don't know if Jaime has to get revenge, he could reflect on it in his cell and realize he deserved it for crippling a child.
1305	laughing tree knight	2011-06-17	how can jamie be released and promise to never war against the Starks and tully's if Robb chops off his hand.
it's not going to happen
1306	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-17	But all of you are going to be sorely disappointed. There will be changes that you don't agree with, or even hate. But television is a a different medium and things will have to be changed, edited, moved, ect. It's better to just roll with it and enjoy the show rather than be all pissed about it. It ruins the fun of the whole thing.I wholeheartedly believe the spirit of the books will remain intact. *off soapbox*There have been changes I haven't liked so far and I am sure there will be many more to come. However, I have been very happy with the translation to television. The only thing that will sorely disappoint me is a fundamental change of the basic story.It is a bit early to say that all of us are going to be sorely disappointed. I will check back in with you Sunday though /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1307	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-17	how can jamie be released and promise to never war against the Starks and tully's if Robb chops off his hand.it's not going to happenI don't know, the same way Davos can be loyal to Stannis after he cut off his fingers?
1308	Xanderpanda	2011-06-17	I don't know, the same way Davos can be loyal to Stannis after he cut off his fingers?That's a pretty different situation though.
1309	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-17	That's a pretty different situation though. and the people are pretty different as well.
1310	King_In_The_North	2011-06-18	Okay, don't kill me if this has already been hashed out here--I can't read all 10 pages to find out.  Just saw this bit over at TWoP from an Unsullied (what they call people who haven't read the books, but are closely following the HBO series).  Has anyone else seen these changes?  What do you/we think?I rewatched this episode for like the fourth time last night (I know, I know), but this time I didn't watch it On Demand...it just happened to on again when I sat down to relax. Anyway, when the preview promos for next week came on, they were adjusted a bit from the previews we saw at the end of the episode on Sunday (and the other times I have rewatched).This set only had three or four scene shots (so lots from Sunday's previews were deleted), but most notably, instead of the first shot being at the execution, Sansa fainting, Joffrey telling Sansa, "My mother still wants me to marry you, so you will stay HERE", and Sansa crying, "Please just let me go home" (like the first shot of the preview we saw last Sunday), this preview opener showed Joffrey yelling at Sansa, "When they kill your brother, they will bring me his head!" And then Sansa replies, rather confident and cool (and Cersei-like), "Or maybe he will bring me yours." Go on with your bad self, Sansa!Ha. I was hoping they'll keep this line in the show, and they did.
1311	So1ar	2011-06-18	i'm sure there will be some changes to the show but you guys are crazy if you think robb is going to cut off jaime's hand. what on earth gave you that theory? was it that .05 second clip of robb swinging something? yes robb is pissed that his dad is dead but why would he cut off the hand of the one person that he could ransom for his sisters? how does that benefit his cause?
1312	Lokhtar	2011-06-18	i'm sure there will be some changes to the show but you guys are crazy if you think robb is going to cut off jaime's hand. what on earth gave you that theory? was it that .05 second clip of robb swinging something? yes robb is pissed that his dad is dead but why would he cut off the hand of the one person that he could ransom for his sisters? how does that benefit his cause?Because you can still ransom someone whose hand has been cut off?
1313	Cruella_Da_Oz	2011-06-18	Changes can be good and bad. I think accepting them uncritically makes just a as little sense as not accepting them at all.  I can think of many very acceptable changes, but it is pretty off topic (surely Dany's ACOK story will be condensed...)
I think another thing I dislike about this idea is that it is just so damn neat, isn't it, in episode one little boy is thrown from the window, in last ep of the season, his family learns the truth and gets modicum of revenge. Instead of sad mess we got in the books - by the time Cat learns the truth, Bran is believed dead, and instead of doing what her heart desires, as in, killing a man who crippled him, she lets him go in last desperate attempt to save her remaining children. And he gets his (somewhat), but from monsters who have nothing to do with justice. But that's what I love about the books, that life is portrayed as sad mess that it tends to be.
I also don't want to dislike Robb any more than I do - maim Tywin's son, and Tywin, never a man to be outdone, would cut off both of Sansa's hands, just on principle. For some dubious justice - dubious, because losing one hand is not enough of a punishment IMO - to put your sister at more risk seems pretty Robb, but also pretty criminal. 
And it's not as easy as moving ASOS into ACOK - we need Brienne and desperate Catelyn.
I am thrilled we're getting Sansa's scene, I was worried. I want to see the heads - Ned's and Septa's. We'll see what Sophie is capable of. 
Dragons certainly ain't going anywhere. It will be interesting to see MMD getting burned alive by our sweet Dany. Yuk.
Will we get misterious flashback to Brandon's death, or was  it a myth?
1314	Rhodan	2011-06-18	Will we get misterious flashback to Brandon's death, or was  it a myth?Supposedly, it was filmed, so either it is reserved for very last episode or we have to wait for DVDs.
1315	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-18	Supposedly, it was filmed, so either it is reserved for very last episode or we have to wait for DVDs.Jaime might dream about it in a future episode, this season or later.
1316	So1ar	2011-06-18	Because you can still ransom someone whose hand has been cut off?yeah i'm sure cersei would be cool with that and not cut off sansa's hand. it wouldn't benefit robb at all to harm jaime. it would let him vent some rage, but at his sisters expense.
1317	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-18	Robb had no intentions of ransoming Sansa for the Kingslayer anyway. If he did Catelyn wouldn't have had to pull her stunt.
So the "how can he ransom Jaime for Sansa if he maims him" is not a valid argument.
1318	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-18	Robb had no intentions of ransoming Sansa for the Kingslayer anyway. If he did Catelyn wouldn't have had to pull her stunt.So the "how can he ransom Jaime for Sansa if he maims him" is not a valid argument.The argument is "how can he ensure the Sansa is not killed or maimed herself?" among the many other arguments mentioned in this thread.**ETA**At this point in the war, the Starks are not in a good position. All they have is a captured Jaime. On all other issues, they are the underdogs. They can't exchange Sansa for Jaime, they have to hold onto him until they gain territory and put a major dent into the Lannisters. The only thing the Starks have at this point is one minor victory and a very valuable hostage. They cannot afford to mistreat him until they gain more control in the conflict. The TV show made it pretty clear that Tywin takes affronts to his house very personally and he will inflict much more damage than received. They cannot afford to do anything other than beat him on the field until the North has more control. Maiming Jaime would be a stupid move and Robb cant be shown to make stupid moves this early in the conflict.
					
					
							Edited by AquariumDrinker, 18 June 2011 - 03:09 PM.
1319	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-18	The argument is "how can he ensure the Sansa is not killed or maimed herself?" among the many other arguments mentioned in this thread.He can best insure by showing the Lannisters that he means business, they cut off his father's head, he retaliates, if they do something to Sansa, then the Kingslayer get's something worse.  That's a much better way to ensure they don't harm Sansa than if he did nothing.
1320	King_In_The_North	2011-06-18	He can best insure by showing the Lannisters that he means business, they cut off his father's head, he retaliates, if they do something to Sansa, then the Kingslayer get's something worse.  That's a much better way to ensure they don't harm Sansa than if he did nothing.I think that after he just captured the Kingslayer and shatteredhis host they understand he means business.
1321	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-18	He can best insure by showing the Lannisters that he means business, they cut off his father's head, he retaliates, if they do something to Sansa, then the Kingslayer get's something worse.  That's a much better way to ensure they don't harm Sansa than if he did nothing.The only thing Robb has right now is Jaime, and he is worth at least 10 times as much as Sansa. It is a dumb move to go squandering the only advantage that he has with pettiness. What makes GoT good is the realism of the characters. Robb maiming Jaime may work in other shows, but it would just be stupid here based on the cascade of changes to the story that would have to take place.
1322	Starchaser	2011-06-18	Only 28 more hours of arguing about Jaime's hand to go!
1323	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-18	It is helping the time pass /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1324	NW Deserter	2011-06-18	I shudder to think what we'll be discussing for a year after the finale is over. At least we have ADwD coming out soon so the TV forums will probably be completely dead for a while.
1325	Mr Bean	2011-06-18	I shudder to think what we'll be discussing for a year after the finale is over. At least we have ADwD coming out soon so the TV forums will probably be completely dead for a while.Please, the forums dead when Dance is due out in a month?  After only a year?  March of 2012 we MIGHT be done picking apart Dance (Maybe) just in time for the pre-release trailers to start hitting for Season 2.  This forum might be dead about the show but with Dance about to hit the other forums will be hopping for years per book.
1326	D_Richard	2011-06-18	I imagine when we see what adaptations D&D have made for this last episode, the show forums will be thriving for 10 months with fanboys telling the professional writers/producers that they have no idea what they're doing and have ruined the whole story.
So it should be fun in the least.
1327	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-19	I imagine when we see what adaptations D&D have made for this last episode, the show forums will be thriving for 10 months with fanboys telling the professional writers/producers that they have no idea what they're doing and have ruined the whole story.So it should be fun in the least.What is worse, the fanboy bitching or the fanboys with blinders on? There is definitely some valid complaints, whether or not the there are good reasons for the changes. For the record, the only thing I am bitching about is the theory about Jaime and I cant even imagine it being in the show. I am so pleased with everything I have seen so far, I couldn't imagine things being better without them having a bigger budget.
					
					
							Edited by AquariumDrinker, 19 June 2011 - 12:48 AM.
1328	DragonAge93	2011-06-19	Wow.... Makes me sad thinking that after tomorrow no more new GoT for a whole year....
1329	TheEvilKing	2011-06-19	There's the DVD release, hopefully with deleted scenes and audio commentary and stuff.
1330	TMWNN	2011-06-19	What is worse, the fanboy bitching or the fanboys with blinders on? There is definitely some valid complaints, whether or not the there are good reasons for the changes. What D_Richard is talking about is the difference betweenI wish Tyrion's battle had appeared on screen, rather than have him be knocked out to avoid showing itandWTF?!? That's BS!!! It ruined the episode!!! Epic fail!!!One is respectful of the hundreds of creative tradeoffs and professional decisionmaking that resulted in what we see on the screen, and the other isn't.
1331	Maginor	2011-06-19	Wow.... Makes me sad thinking that after tomorrow no more new GoT for a whole year....Not a whole year! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Just 9.5 months.
1332	Shael	2011-06-19	Robb would never cut off Jaime's hand.  It's completely out of character for him, so much so that that would be one change I couldn't forgive.  Also, if he did, we'd never get to see Brienne and Jaime have their swordfight; the starting point for Jaime's grudging admiration for her.Also, Hoat doesn't cut off Jaime's hand for seemingly no reason, as some have said.Absurdly long explanation for why Hoat cut off Jaime's Hand:At the point in the story when The Bloody Mummers capture Jaime and Brienne, they've switched sides from Lannister to Stark.  Remember they were instrumental in Roose Bolton taking Harrenhal.  Bolton promised Hoat the castle as payment for defection, Harrenhal being a far greater prize than anything Tywin could offer.  Typical Bolton ploy too, offering Hoat a castle he could never hold or defend, use his services, and then abandon him to Tywin.  Also by this point, Robb is losing badly and Hoat is quick to see this.  The Freys and the Karstarks have gone AWOL, Winterfell is destroyed and the north is overrun with Ironborn.  So, Hoat was hoping and praying that Stannis would take King's Landing and the throne by winning the Battle of the Blackwater.  Hoat assumed that Stannis would confirm his claim to Harrenhal for helping to defeat the Lannisters.  Stannis loses; the Lannisters remain in power.  Hoat is screwed and he knows it.Then he gets a stroke of luck when Jaime falls into his hands.  He plans to deliver Jaime to Lord Karstark (who had offered his daughter to anyone who brought Jaime to him), and then escape the Lannisters by setting himself up in Karhold.  But there are literally thousands of people scouring the Riverlands for Jaime at this point, so Hoat takes him to Harrenhal, the only place that he can hope to keep him safe for the moment.  The problem now is, he's surrounded by Bolton men and Freys, who are unlikely to let him give Jaime to Lord Karstark.  Hoat is worried that Bolton will send Jaime on to Tywin, and this is exactly why he cuts off Jaime's hand.  Hoat is sworn to Stark, just like Bolton is (outwardly at least), and wants to implicate Roose in the act of maiming Jaime in Tywin's eyes, making it impossible for Roose to send Jaime on to the Lannisters.Roose and Jaime discuss all of this during their dinner together, and Roose extracts a promise from Jaime that he will lay all the blame for his lost hand at Hoat's feet, and absolve House Bolton from any wrongdoing.  Roose then screws over Hoat in awesome Bolton fashion and sends Jaime onto King's Landing with a troop of his own men in order to further ingratiate himself with Tywin.Hoat had good reasons to do what he did.
1333	NW Deserter	2011-06-19	Please, the forums dead when Dance is due out in a month?  After only a year?  March of 2012 we MIGHT be done picking apart Dance (Maybe) just in time for the pre-release trailers to start hitting for Season 2.  This forum might be dead about the show but with Dance about to hit the other forums will be hopping for years per book.I didn't say the whole forum will be dead, just the TV forums. /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
1334	mhoram	2011-06-19	Will Barristan Selmy be in tonight's episode, I hope?
1335	malarky1231	2011-06-19	I think it would be beneficial if Selmy meets Dany earlier on, rather than near the end of ACOK. That way we build up his storyline and the mystery of who Arston Whitebeard is for all those tv only watchers
1336	Xanderpanda	2011-06-19	I wonder if we will finally see this scene tonight?http://www.westeros....ery/Entry/2124/
hope it hasn't been cut from season 1 be cool to give the viewers some Stark family/Mad King back story. Maybe its a Jaimie flashback during the interrogation that's been moved to this episode.
Edit: In fact a Jaimie flashback would make sense since obviously he was there and if he is being interrogated by Catelyn who we all know was meant to marry Brandon he could mention his death and thus a flashback is shown filling viewers in on what went down and how the rebellion started.
					
					
							Edited by Xanderpanda, 19 June 2011 - 11:26 AM.
1337	Black Sheep	2011-06-19	I think it would be beneficial if Selmy meets Dany earlier on, rather than near the end of ACOK. That way we build up his storyline and the mystery of who Arston Whitebeard is for all those tv only watchersI think it will be hard to impossible to build this as a mystery (in the visual medium). We are not in a superhero universe where taking off your glasses makes you utterly unrecognizable. Most of the viewers will recognize him immediatly, or will think he's familiar, and in about a second everyone will know who he is.Better let him re appear after a long time has passed, not that that would help, but at least it will be consistent with the story.Even more - the writers could use this as an ironic element in the story and make it more interesting through dialogue.
1338	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-19	I think it would be beneficial if Selmy meets Dany earlier on, rather than near the end of ACOK. That way we build up his storyline and the mystery of who Arston Whitebeard is for all those tv only watchersI have mixed feelings about this, First time round, I read blithely through without the slightest inkling of who Arstan, because I am a massive fool; I'd like viewers to have the same wtf reveal, but on the other hand that kind of identity fraud doesn't really work on TV. A great big bushy beard isn't really going to fool anyone when we've actually got a face to recognise.ETA: Awkward... I agree with elibj123, basically.
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA, 19 June 2011 - 12:28 PM.
1339	TMWNN	2011-06-19	The one and only candidate for an early death is Hoster Tully. Everything fits: He dies in A Storm of Swords, we've heard on the show that he is ill, and since the siege of Riverrun's been lifted we're going to see the Riverlands lords before "King of the North!" I bet one of them tells Catelyn "My lady, I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Lord Tully is dead." Having Hoster die early avoids the need to cast an actor with dialogue, and makes no change whatsoever to the story except for Lysa's abortion/"Tansy", which can be easily worked around.
					
					
							Edited by TMWNN, 19 June 2011 - 02:37 PM.
1340	Viserys Targaryen	2011-06-19	I wonder if we will finally see this scene tonight?http://www.westeros....ery/Entry/2124/hope it hasn't been cut from season 1 be cool to give the viewers some Stark family/Mad King back story. Maybe its a Jaimie flashback during the interrogation that's been moved to this episode.Edit: In fact a Jaimie flashback would make sense since obviously he was there and if he is being interrogated by Catelyn who we all know was meant to marry Brandon he could mention his death and thus a flashback is shown filling viewers in on what went down and how the rebellion started.Agreed about the Jaime flashback, and it would be a smart move considering the TV-only viewers. As for my friends who haven't read the books, they're always curious about how and why the rebellion started. And I hope they didn't cut that scene from season 1 in the picture you're linking to. Also agree with TMWNN, casting Hoster Tully is somewhat a waste of time and it wouldn't totally screw the story aroung the TV show.
1341	King_In_The_North	2011-06-19	Only a few hours left and we'll all be over with this mummer's farce about Robb cutting Jaime's hand.
1342	brian_177	2011-06-19	The one and only candidate for an early death is Hoster Tully. Everything fits: He dies in A Storm of Swords, we've heard on the show that he is ill, and since the siege of Riverrun's been lifted we're going to see the Riverlands lords 
	Spoiler before "King of the North!"
 I bet one of them tells Catelyn "My lady, I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Lord Tully is dead." Having Hoster die early avoids the need to cast an actor with dialogue, and makes no change whatsoever to the story 
	Spoiler except for Lysa's abortion/"Tansy"
, which can be easily worked around.Maybe I just don't get what we count as a spoiler here, being a new poster and all--but why put those things in spoiler tags but not the other spoilers in your post? Hoster Tully dying would also count as a spoiler, in my mind.
1343	TMWNN	2011-06-19	Maybe I just don't get what we count as a spoiler here, being a new poster and all--but why put those things in spoiler tags but not the other spoilers in your post? Hoster Tully dying would also count as a spoiler, in my mind.You're right and I'm wrong. The thread is labeled Book/TV spoilers, so I didn't need spoiler tags at all, and have removed them.
					
					
							Edited by TMWNN, 19 June 2011 - 02:37 PM.
1344	Amir Mishali	2011-06-19	Mark my words.
Greywind will die in tonight's episode.
1345	brian_177	2011-06-19	Mark my words.Greywind will die in tonight's episode.Well obviously... who else would Robb be swinging at?
					
					
							Edited by brian_177, 19 June 2011 - 03:00 PM.
1346	Eve	2011-06-19	Mark my words.Greywind will die in tonight's episode.But then that would eliminate horrific act of what was done with Robb and Grey Wind. It still makes me ill thinking of it.
1347	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-19	The one and only candidate for an early death is Hoster Tully. Everything fits: He dies in A Storm of Swords, we've heard on the show that he is ill, and since the siege of Riverrun's been lifted we're going to see the Riverlands lords before "King of the North!" I bet one of them tells Catelyn "My lady, I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Lord Tully is dead." Having Hoster die early avoids the need to cast an actor with dialogue, and makes no change whatsoever to the story except for Lysa's abortion/"Tansy", which can be easily worked around.True. They're already at Riverrun after all. We'll see in a few hours eh?I really hope that shot turns out to be Robb cutting up something hopelessly mundane, like toast, or a piece of paper.
1348	CryFenril	2011-06-19	Okay, just saw on IMDB that Gerard Butler (yowza!) is credited as Stannis in this coming episode. Wow - could we really meet the eldest remaining Baratheon brother as a nice juicy tidbit to keep us drooling for next year? 
Gotta admit, his handsomeness made me blink at first - never thought of Stannis as a handsome guy. But he's got the eyes for it, sure enough. 
Oh damn. Now I *really* can't wait!!!
1349	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-19	Okay, just saw on IMDB that Gerard Butler (yowza!) is credited as Stannis in this coming episode. Wow - could we really meet the eldest remaining Baratheon brother as a nice juicy tidbit to keep us drooling for next year? Gotta admit, his handsomeness made me blink at first - never thought of Stannis as a handsome guy. But he's got the eyes for it, sure enough. Oh damn. Now I *really* can't wait!!!WTF - well that's a bolt from the blue, that casting definitely wasn't announced so I am rather skeptical... Is Stannis even in this one?
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA, 19 June 2011 - 05:16 PM.
1350	CryFenril	2011-06-19	It shocked me too, which is why I am slightly skeptical... but here it is, for those who want linkage...IMDB page on episode 10
1351	madking	2011-06-19	Winter is Coming has said that the imdb casting of butler is a fake.
1352	CryFenril	2011-06-19	Yeah, I just saw that too, upon further investigation. Was so looking forward to seeing "This... is... Westeros!!!" Damn, damn, damn. It woulda been nice. Oh well, does that mean we can still hope for Strong?  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
					
					
							Edited by CryFenril, 19 June 2011 - 05:29 PM.
1353	madking	2011-06-19	Or how bout Sam Rockwell as Jaquen H'hgar? For some reason I think he'd be perfect.
1354	Eve	2011-06-19	Butler would be horrible casting.  And I can't imagine him committing himself for a couple of years (at least) to a series.
1355	A<U+0089>tA	2011-06-19	Or how bout Sam Rockwell as Jaquen H'hgar? For some reason I think he'd be perfect.Ah, any Sam Rockwell would be great. He'd make a cool Davos. Strong for Stannis remains the fantasy though.
1356	Criston	2011-06-19	Rockwell is a mediocre actor at best. I wouldn't want him near the series.
1357	Noir Dove	2011-06-19	There have been changes I haven't liked so far and I am sure there will be many more to come. However, I have been very happy with the translation to television. The only thing that will sorely disappoint me is a fundamental change of the basic story.It is a bit early to say that all of us are going to be sorely disappointed. I will check back in with you Sunday though /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />You might not be, because you are a reasonable individual. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm seeing posts all over the place about people not watching the show any more because of this or that. That seems so silly to me. The show is still fantastic, even with changes from the book.True Blood is a great example, they don't follow the books much at all and that show has a huge fan base (I personally don't watch it, but I know many people who love it)I'm just concerned that people will abandon the show because of arbitrary reasons.
1358	Greywolf2375	2011-06-19	t-2 to some answers...
and away we go.....
1359	Synjin	2011-06-20	So I've now seen the final episode twice, and didn't see anyone that died earlier than they did in the series.  Did I miss something, or will it be something that occurs in season 2 (since GRRM has said they have been writing scripts for those season 2 already)?
1360	Aoife	2011-06-20	It was apparently Marillion's maiming that was meant, not a death in the show. His character was combined with the singer who got to choose between his tongue and his hands, which may (probably will?) have an impact on his role in book 3. Either it'll be altered slightly, or LF'll just use another scapegoat when it comes to it.
1361	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-20	Because you can still ransom someone whose hand has been cut off?Yeah but if it's Tywin Lannister's son and the person you're ransoming to is Tywin Lannister, you better expect your return hostage to be missing body parts too. And you wouldnt be able to say it wasn't fair either.The situation that had been suggested and thankfully proven wrong would have involved out of character actions from Jaime, Robb and Cat, affected or cut multiple story arcs (and cutting story arc time is not necessarily a good thing- you have no idea where characters are headed, and thus what details of their arc are important and how exactly they have to develop as characters) and character development arcs, involve some really stupid decisions by some apparently clever characters, logically force other characters to react in a way that would drastically alter the course of the story, make the villains more sympathetic and the "heroes" every tiny bit as bad as them way too early and basically serve no purpose. Thank f*** they didn't go down that route
