nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2011-05-15	So, what'd you think?
2	Keltess	2011-05-15	So, what'd you think?I wish they would have completed Little fingers quote about whorehouses being a better investment than ships "Whores never sink" with the rest "and when they are boarded by pirates the pirates pay in gold like everyone else" Wouldn't have taken more time much more humorous. Is this an attempt to give a Character we all know is slimy no apparent sense of humor? The books were extremely funny at times. A little comic relief would not be amiss. Also, Loras and Renly did I completely miss this in the books. Though Loras was extremely devoted to Renly my gaydar never went off. Opinions anyone?
3	TomRag	2011-05-15	Best episode yet, also Renly and Loras were most certainly gay in the books although it was portrayed subtly
4	GSP	2011-05-15	No, that Loras/Renly scene was never in the books.
They've been doing a good job with a lot of these 'could have happened' scenes that serve to explain a lot in a quicker form than how it went in the books.
Renly in the books did not seem to be half of the wuss the series is making him out to be. I always pictured him as being a lot manlier than the boyish Loras. There was no indication he was squeemish over blood for one. He seemed like he was supposed to have been a competent warrior in his own right (not elite by any means, but no joke).
The series also made it very clear it was Varys and Illyrio down in the basement that Arya overheard. The books seemed to me to suggest that was who is was, but left it a little ambiguous iirc. I guess I can consider that confirmed when next I do a re read.
This episode finally did some justice to what a giant of a beast Gregor is. You can see that Sandor was a big guy but he looked miniscule next to his brother.
5	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	Also, Loras and Renly did I completely miss this in the books. Though Loras was extremely devoted to Renly my gaydar never went off. Opinions anyone?Re: Renly and Loras. Yes, it is in the books that they are gay lovers. GRRM has separately confirmed it. (It's somewhere in the So Spake Martin database.) That said, lots of people have missed the different cues as to the nature of their relationship -- you are not the only one. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
6	End of Disc One	2011-05-15	First 10 of the season.  Fantastic.  The Robert/Cersei scene was a bit odd as a reader, but otherwise no complaints.
7	Abaddon	2011-05-15	I'm struggling between an 8 and a 9.  Voted 8 but I will probably replace it with a 9 later.
I was worried about "Ned Stark: Chuck Norris" but the final sequence worked really well for me, I was holding my breath during the fight and it was just electric.  Loved Jaime's expression of being torn between surprise that he wasn't beating Ned and irritation that the guardsman interfered.
The transition to the Eyrie was abrupt, but lord it's gorgeous.  Did not like the external view of the mountain as it just looked fake but after that everything else about the scene was stunning.  Lysa and the breast-feeding of Sweetrobin were appropriately creepy, I practically LOL'd at the expressions on the faces of Tyrion, Catelyn et all as they watched her.  GROSS!
8	YoDaddy	2011-05-15	After being thoroughly dissapointed in last week, I am ecstatic over this one. It seemed to convey a lot of the story without all the crazy shifts from place to place. (Which reads well, but hasn't translated to the shows for me) For the first time in the series it feels like we are getting to meat and potato's of the story. 
 Now if we could convince HBO to go with 90 minutes....... 
 I gave this show an 8. The series so far has been only about a 6 in MY ratings, but I feel like we are about to be getting into the really good stuff from here on out.
9	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	I feel like every episode improves over the last, and this one was the best of the season, BY FAR. I gave it a 10.
10	skins7778	2011-05-15	I give it a 9.  The fight between Jamie and Ned was great I was on the edge of my seat through it.  Its funny I thought the same thing when I saw Jaimie's expression.  I actually enjoyed the "add on" scenes especially the Littlefinger/Vary's scene.  Lysa breast feeding was super creepy and sets her up nicely as the nutjob she is.  I was excited to see one of my favorites in Bronn, but we didn't get a Blackfish sighting.  I'm not 100 percent sure but I thought he was introduced prior to the ascent to the eyrie was he not?
11	tybeechris	2011-05-15	I guess I am in the minority. I didn't care for this episode very much. I thought the scene with Robert and Cersei was kind of worthless and "filler." I don't see why they have introduced this lost baby story and if anything, it makes her more sympathetic which just seems so out of character from the books.  Maybe it is a red herring so that she will not be suspected in Robert's death but I still don't like it. 
I wish they had spent the time on Sansa to show more of her inner conflicts. They need to show her still believing in a little bit of a fairy tale so that when she leaks the escape plans it is more heartbreaking for us.
I guess they needed the Loras/Renly scene to show him as a viable king candidate but, once again, I think the time could have been better spent at the Eyrie or on Sansa. 
Oh well, as long as the ratings are good so that we can get 5 more seasons, I will be happy.
12	Carldog	2011-05-15	I like to wait a day before I vote, but... Gave it a  9+; great episode, best one yet.
13	nim	2011-05-15	An hour never goes by so quickly as it does during this show! Gave it an 8. As always, Tyrion delivers his lines flawlessly. And whoa, was not expecting full frontal on Theon! Also like that Bronn already comes off as a very fluid and savvy fighter. Sean Bean still annoys me.
					
					
							Edited by nim, 15 May 2011 - 11:35 PM.
14	thistlepong	2011-05-16	I'm wavering between six and seven.  There's a lot more sexposition shoehorned in.  Jaime won my partner over a little with his reaction to the interference.  The action scenes, even the WTF faces at the Eyrie, tell the story more effectively so far.
15	GrimTuesday	2011-05-16	An excelent episode to be sure, I'd say a 9, mostly because I feel that they made a mistake by not drawing the tornoment out, and using it to introduce characters who, while not of much importance in this book/seasons, are considerably more important in the coming books/seasons.
16	Lord Godric	2011-05-16	I give it a 9.  The fight between Jamie and Ned was great I was on the edge of my seat through it.  Its funny I thought the same thing when I saw Jaimie's expression.  I actually enjoyed the "add on" scenes especially the Littlefinger/Vary's scene.  Lysa breast feeding was super creepy and sets her up nicely as the nutjob she is.  I was excited to see one of my favorites in Bronn, but we didn't get a Blackfish sighting.  I'm not 100 percent sure but I thought he was introduced prior to the ascent to the eyrie was he not?He was one of the people to greet Catelyn.  But the Blackfish has not been cast and will not be in season 1.
17	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	9 from me. Not quite perfect but still very enjoyable, and a big improvement over last week.
18	Daenerys	2011-05-16	First 10 of the season.  Fantastic.  The Robert/Cersei scene was a bit odd as a reader, but otherwise no complaints.I absolutely loved that scene! First of all, it really humanizes both of them, while allowing that they both have faults. Secondly, it gives you a good sense of just how long they've been enduring one another and how things could have grown so cold between them. Thirdly, it spells out exactly why the Dothraki invading would be such a dangerous scenario, something I actually wondered about previously.Great episode, best yet. I give it a solid 9.Slightly off-topic question: why is Dany's child considered so dangerous when there's already an existing, more direct, Targaryen heir in Viserys? Is it because they all know Veserys is so weak he wouldn't be a serious threat? I never understood that from the books and I never got it from the tv series either.
19	Hyper	2011-05-16	A "9" from me. Best episode yet.
The Jaime/Ned fight - although different from the book - was very well done. As was the Cersei/Robert scene.
Only nitpick? The Eyrie location looked a bit too extreme. For some reason I never pictured it that way - and never on top of such an extreme mountain top. Something half the height would have looked more realistic. But the effects work was great - Wonderful sky cells! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
EDIT: I forgot to mention the great effects show as Arya comes out of the sewers(?) into the Blackwater docks. Gives a nice look at the keep, and that location should become very important at the end of season 2. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 16 May 2011 - 02:44 AM.
20	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	Slightly off-topic question: why is Dany's child considered so dangerous when there's already an existing, more direct, Targaryen heir in Viserys? Is it because they all know Veserys is so weak he wouldn't be a serious threat? I never understood that from the books and I never got it from the tv series either.I guess because it's a (possible) male heir for Viserys. That seems important in determining whether to support a king. Also, if Viserys is killed during the invasion then the Targaryen sympathisers can still rally around the new kid as a candidate for the throne.
21	Ghost Cat	2011-05-16	I never clued into the relationship between Renly and Loras until my 3rd read through. I'm not sure we really needed to be slapped in the face with it either. I, too, never read into Renly being so weak. Kinder, perhaps, than others in the kingdom, but not weak, or afraid of blood. That's what bothered me. It does seem that things done subtly in the books are whacked about our heads in the series.
I wasn't keen on the Eyrie except the sky cells. That was beautifully done. How are they going to handle the door if the series gets that far? Even though this Lysa is skinny, she's got the crazy down pat.
Loved Hound vs Mountain and Nedd vs Jaime. Those were well done.
I gave it an 8+ (It had a 10 from the nudity but then the Renly scene brought it down)
22	valacirca	2011-05-16	LOL:
	Spoiler "they say it's impregnable."
"give me ten good men and some climbing spikes and i'll impregnate the bitch."
23	Loras	2011-05-16	I loved this episode, rated it a 9/10 - my highest rating so far.
I actually really liked the departures from the book!  Renly being afraid of blood was quite a nice nuance to his character and I felt it put his relationship with Loras on a more even keel than the way I felt it was portrayed in the book.  I think that this will have a good pay off further down the line, and is nice set up for what transpires in the next few episodes.
The other departure that I love is the redefined relationship between Cersei and Robert, the fact that they had a son which died - I'm happy that I called Cersei being sincere in the Episode 2 thread.  The scene between them had been hyped a great deal in the media, but for me it really payed off with Cersei gaining a greater depth than she does in the book.  
The Eyrie was beautiful!  The set designers on the series have done such an excellent job of giving each location its own distinct feeling and the Eyrie may be my favourite so far.  Although I am intrigued by the moon door and how that part of the story will play out.  The new title sequence showing the Eyrie was great!  I think next week is going to be a riot with the scenes set in this location!
Jory's death was horrific /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />!  I didn't feel the same emotional connection to it as I did in the book though, I'd have loved to see Ned crawl over to the body as the final image.  
Ser Barristan continues to impress, what excellent casting!  His scene with Ned at the beginning of the episode was another stand out in an episode full of stand outs.
I wish that Sansa had been developed further in this episode, an opportunity missed I think.
The actor playing Bran is doing a fantastic job, but the character is starting to grate on me.  
Finally, a note on the fantastic chemistry between Gillen and Hill - I'm looking forward to their interactions SO much as the series continues.
24	Max Stark	2011-05-16	Great Episode, I liked it much better than episode 4 and rated it somewhere between 8 and 9. Mostly because they focused on Kingslanding and stopped this weird scene by scene story telling of last week.
I liked the scene between Robert and Cersei, seemed to be authentic and quite interesting what they thought about their political marriage. While Loras shaving Renly seemed to be toally unnessecary. Also the fighting scenes were done quite well.
All in all it felt complete, even without Dany and Jon. Don't get me wrong, I like their acting well enough, but it was a wise choice to leave them out of this one. By the way, funny thing, even without a single Targaryen on screen, the Dothraki threat seemed to be much more present and real than in all of the last episodes together.
25	ABeauty	2011-05-16	I really liked this one (with the exception of seeing more of Alfie Allan than I really wanted or needed to).  The added in scenes were all very believable in my opinion and confirmed things that were only hinted at in the books, aside from the Rob/Cersei baby bit. The scene between Varys and Littlefinger was delicious. 
I can't think of anything here that I disliked - Lysa was how I pictured her (I never had her as fat in my mind) and there was definite 'ick' factor.  My 'bund wondered how they got that poor kid to film that, even with a fake breast.  Bet they'll show that at his wedding.
It seems to be really building momentum now so fingers crossed for the final 5 episodes.
26	Arbor Red	2011-05-16	I thought it was a great episode, and the pacing finally felt about right.  I particularly like what they're doing with Jaime in the series.  In the books you don't really get much from him until book 3.
27	M'lady Cynthia Rayder	2011-05-16	I thouight it was great too! I just finished reading GoT yesterday, so a few things puzzled me...
The Loras/Renly scene was one of them.. So far, I have yet to know that they are gay, from what I heave read. Also, I had no idea they had a relationship, so that was a shocker!
The Theon sex scene was great and a full frontal view was't bad either!
Lysa and he little boy, wow! That's just crazy! Just how I pictured it in the books...
I would have liked to see a bit more Sansa as well, others mentioned that same thing...
I also wonder why the mention again of the dead baby between Robert & Cersei, it builds a bond between them, but of course as a new reader to the series, I wonder if this is setting the way for more to come!
28	cypselus	2011-05-16	Best so far, by far.  A "9".  It had action, was well-paced, quite funny, and no Dothraki!  The new scenes were all compelling in their own way, especially the Robert-Cersei scene.  I thought the fights looked a little cheesy, but that is a small thing.  
My wife asked me why no one thought it strange that Jaime was unmarried, apropos of his incestuous relationship, so I had to explain the Kingsguard.  The show hasn't made that rather important bit of exposition clear.
29	Huan	2011-05-16	I thought the pacing and feel of the episode was the best so far. No quick switches between locations, due to only have two locations to switch between. Made me realize that as good as the show is, it could have been even better if they'd had more time, e.g. 12+ episodes, for the first season. Echoing what someone else said, I wish they'd had Ned crawling over to Jory at the end of the episode, but otherwise I thought the fight outside the brothel was very well done. My feeling on the fact that the scene was in full sunlight is that they're trying to achieve a unique atmosphere for each location, and rain doesn't fit for King's Landing - it's all bright sunlight and glare, to contrast with darker, colder and wetter Winterfell or the Wall.
30	Lady Luffa	2011-05-16	I guess because it's a (possible) male heir for Viserys. That seems important in determining whether to support a king. Also, if Viserys is killed during the invasion then the Targaryen sympathisers can still rally around the new kid as a candidate for the throne.I think that they are bigger threat now with the child, because not only is it an heir to the Targs but also to the Dothraki. With a child the bond of marriage has become a real blood bond. Much harder to break than for example a childless marriage
					
					
							Edited by Lady Lufa, 16 May 2011 - 10:21 AM.
31	julandro	2011-05-16	We 5 episodes. I have to say that from my point of view, HBO, if they are cut into the sex scenes. I fear that the chain has been limited and did not want to extended longer. Let us not deceive us, I expected more.
32	Tywin	2011-05-16	Some spoilers in my 'review' for potential non-book reading viewers... Beware. Apologies, I don't know how to hide stuff with spoiler tags etc...Anyway.Best episode thus far in terms of pacing. A few tiny things bothered me, but they were miniscule. Overall I give this a 8.Favourite bits.- Mountain smacking Loras from his saddle and the Hound stepping in.- Littlefinger and Varys banter in the throne room.- End fight outside of Littlefinger's brothel between Ned and Jaime.- Arya seeing the dragon skull.- Anything Tyrion says and Bronn kicking arse.- Lysa being suitably weird. Just how I pictured her. Not quite how I pictured the Eyrie, but cool nevertheless. Totally how I pictured the Sky Cell though.Good additions not from the books.The scene with Cersei and Robert I felt was well done for fleshing Robert out a bit more than just a drunken lout I think. I think it was an understated pivotal moment personally in showing how loose everything is held together in terms of the power in Westeros - also gave Cersei a bit more substance beyond her being a bitch. Less necessary in the book, but vital I think for a TV format.The scene with Theon and the prostitute provided some good exposition that shows he's got a chip on his shoulder, feels he has something to prove and will make his actions later on resonate all the more.Minor annoyances.Loras and Renly. It made Renly come off as too soft and unsure of himself. I think though that from the angle of a TV series, it's good for ratings to show that gay characters exist - makes the world seem more multidimensional.The scene went on a bit too long though, the gayness was made too blatant and it over emphasised an aspect of Renly's character that was never there in the books. His whole fear of blood etc. I suppose, this sets things up for when he does go to war though later on - to show he has something to prove.Sansa needs more exposition I think. I think more evidence of her realising her ideas of gallant knights and pretty gowns are childish fantasies in light of what's going on is needed.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin, 16 May 2011 - 02:29 PM.
33	LadyStormHeart	2011-05-16	My favorite episode so far.  I absolutely love Peter Dinklage's portrayal of Tyrion - seriously, he steals pretty much every scene he's in.  I also was not expecting full-frontal Theon... Hello!  I loved the scene between Loras and Renly; I still can't believe that after reading the books 3 or 4 times I never picked up that they were gay.  I found that theory on the boards and on the last read through I finally caught the signs.  I do think they are making Renly out to be a wuss, but I'm OK with it.  Also, the scene between Cersei and Robert was excellent.  The only thing I don't really care for is that they seem to be trying to make us sympathetic towards her, and I can't quite figure out why.  But either way, great so far.  The series gets better and better with each episode.
34	valacirca	2011-05-16	This one felt like an 8/10 for me. I didn't exactly like the episode as much as most of the people here seem to have liked it, but one thing that the episode certainly had going for it is that it was the most focused episode thus far: No Wall scenes. No Dany scenes. It made the episode feel tight and well-paced.
One thing that I felt while watching this episode though: I found myself thinking that there are too many scenes throughout the show that merely consisted of two characters purely engaging in a dialogue to move the story forward. Lazy screenwriting, imo.
35	Sancho	2011-05-16	I am very much disappointed with this week's entry. I feel like the sloppy writing and directing led to action sequences without the proper atmospheric build-up and to heavy-handed exposition and characterization lacking both depth and subtelty. Let me elaborate:
Gregor vs Loras: The tournament sequence felt out of place in this episode. It should have been edited into episode 4 instead, as it would have provided more thematic unity. Also, we just saw a total of two jousting matches spread over two episodes so it's hard to get emotionally invested. Maybe if we saw Jory, Sandor and Jaime joust in other rounds and had a set-up of the tournament structure in general, it would've played out better. As it was, yes we saw a big dude behead a horse but it lacked the emotional impact that it could've had. 
Loras and Renly: Thanks HBO for brow-beating the viewer with their gayness. Was that really necessary? An ambiguous glance would've been enough. Instead, we get Littlefinger publicly outing the love-birds. But wait, let's also have Loras shave Renly's chest! And just in case that chest-shaving might not be obviously gay enough, let us also have Loras suck Renly off. And let's add some slurping sounds for good measure. Overkill much?
Theon and Ros: Ummm. More exposition meets sex-with-a-whore. Except that we learned nothing which we didn't already know from last week's tirade with Tyrion. And from this week's Bran and Luwin mythology exposA©. Waste of scene topped off with gratuitous full-frontal nudity.
Littlefinger vs Varys: Yes, we know that they are both operators with many spies. It was already established. Do we need a pissing contest where they try to outdo each other in their sneakiness? "My spies saw you and Ned" "Well my spies saw you and Ned first!" "Well my spies saw your spies see my spies..." Out of character for both Varys and Littlefinger.
Ned and Jaime fight: Jory getting killed should've had more emotional impact. Instead we get a flashy blade-in-eye-socket stabbing that ultimately left me cold. Bad direction. 
Tyrion and Cat arrive at the Eyrie: Yes, we get that Lysa is bat-shit crazy. But it might've been more effective to establish her crazyness a bit more gradually. Maybe stretch out the entry into the castle in a way as to make the breast-feeding 4 year old more effective. Instead we get a cut from a previous scene and BAM! Breast! Again, poor execution.
Cersei and Robert: One of the rare scenes that I liked this week. The great delivery from Mark Addy contributed some much needed depth to the King-Queen dynamic. 
In summary, this episode (and, unfortunately, the series in general) felt like it was rushing trough various plot points. The character "development" scenes lacked subtlety, and I felt like I was being clobbered with character motivations and relationships instead of being allowed to feel them out trough action and natural dialogue. A well acted facial expression can communicate more than 5 minutes of exposition. I hope that I will be proved wrong, but I have lost faith in this adaptation.
5/10
36	Hyper	2011-05-16	/biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I hope that I will be proved wrong, but I have lost faith in this adaptation.Don't worry, I'm sure you will be proven right somehow.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 16 May 2011 - 01:57 PM.
37	Bronn Stone	2011-05-16	7.  Too heavy on combat.  Tournament got short-shrifted.  Trip to Eyrie far too rushed.
38	Nine of Spades	2011-05-16	Slightly off-topic question: why is Dany's child considered so dangerous when there's already an existing, more direct, Targaryen heir in Viserys? Is it because they all know Veserys is so weak he wouldn't be a serious threat? I never understood that from the books and I never got it from the tv series either.Viserys is still a beggar looking for an army. In their mind the son of a Khal wouldnt have to beg (though in truth thats assuming Westerosi customs).
39	Songlian	2011-05-16	I gave it a 7, though it was more like 7.5.
As others have said before, the pacing and editing was really good. I loved the Jaime/Ned fighting scene, and every little bit of the Hand's Tourney. Short as it was, it was grrreat. 
On the not so good side, I think they are exaggerating with the nudity. Did we really needed to see Theon banging Ros? I suppose that was essential for the plot somehow, since the entire scene lasted about as much as the feast at Winterfell did.  I don't agree that it was for showing Theon's character. Didn't Tyrion pressed sufficiently on that in the last episode?  Jaime to Jory, too? And even Theon stating it vaguely at one point to Bran? Ok, so the guy has self esteem issues. Nuff with the angst stuff already... 
In that same note -- scenes that lasted too long and don't bring that much to the story -- Varys and Littlefinger,  Robert/Cersei. I wish they would have used that time to bring out more details from the scenes that were actually in the books. Though I do see how the Cersei/Robert one explains a few things, and I liked it lots.
Edit: Why they spilled out the gay factor between Loras and Renly right from the beginning it's beyond me.
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 16 May 2011 - 03:44 PM.
40	GSP	2011-05-16	Too heavy on combat? Seasons two and three definitaly won't be up your alley then. Honestly, I can't wait till the gloves come off. Without combat, any given fantasy series is just a soap opera while wearing swords.
41	Aoife	2011-05-16	All the comments about the slurping make me wonder if people missed those during Tyrion's scene in Ep1. (They weren't from him drinking, or they would have stopped when he did.) Or if it's somehow different if the slurper is male.
Other than that, this was by far my favourite of those we've seen up to this point. I think cutting out a couple of locations/storylines really helped bring everything together. And yes, I mean that even with the additional material providing enough time that we probably could have jumped back over to one of those storylines - I think the new scenes didn't disrupt anything as much as a 'POV' shift would have.
The only things I didn't like were the things I mentioned in the ep-specific discussion thread (the first, anyway). First, I don't think LF would have been that open about taunting Renly at the joust -- Loras and Renly's relationship was an open 'secret'. That means that 1) it's unlikely that most people who mattered at the tourney wouldn't already have been aware and 2) LF wouldn't have been bandying about something so widely-known. It just doesn't seem his style, anyway, at least not one-on-one.
Secondly, something about the Loras-Renly interaction and personalities seems off to me. I always saw Renly as more gregarious and charming, and less full of self-doubt. Okay, I can buy that he's never thought of being king, and Loras is the more ambitious of the two. I just don't see either TV interpretation as the type to inspire the admiration they seem to get in GoT-the-book. I also don't see this Renly as being Loras's sun, but maybe that will become more obvious as we get more interaction between the two on-screen.
42	Holymoly	2011-05-16	Best episode yet without a doubt.
The best scenes were actually those that didn't appear in the book because they actually added to and explained much of the subtext so well. The scenes between Littlefinger and Varys, and Robert and Cersei were suberb. Not so sure the relationship between Renly and Tyrel was quite so blatant or neccessary in the books though.
43	Bronn Stone	2011-05-16	Too heavy on combat? Seasons two and three definitaly won't be up your alley then. Honestly, I can't wait till the gloves come off. Without combat, any given fantasy series is just a soap opera while wearing swords.Having read those books between 50 and 100 times each, I have a pretty good idea what is coming.  I don't mind the big battles at all.  Strategy and planning are interesting.  It is only sword-banging that leaves me yawning.  I'd rather gouge my eyes out than try to watch 300 again.  But I can watch I, Claudius over and over again.  Because it is better.
44	Kalbear	2011-05-16	This was my first 10, and definitely great. The new scenes were largely brilliant including the amazing Cersei/Robert scene, the book adaptations were downright horrific and awesome (horse getting decapitated on screen? HOLY FUCK), Ned's chastisement was grand, Arya's encounter with Illyrio and Varys followed by her smacking the fuck out of two guards was incredible, and I didn't miss Dany/Jon for a second. 
Peter Dinklage is so incredible as Tyrion, and the Cat/Tyrion/Bronn/Lysa interactions are awesome. 
I only vaguely didn't like the Loras casting. But that was really a minor quibble. I can't wait to watch it again.
45	Daenerys	2011-05-16	Things that irked me:-- Didn't like Sandor keeping his fist raised with Loras. I don't remember that being in the book, I feel like Book Sandor would have scowled, spit (at Loras, not the king), and stalked away, angry at having been forced into a conflict not of his own making, for this creampuff knight who he wouldn't respect.-- Loras is bad. He's not nearly as beautiful as he's supposed to be in the books (making Sansa's swooning a little hard to believe), but the dude has an uncut toothpick body, I don't see how he's a master swordsman or can even hold up the jousting lance. Frankly, he looks ridiculous as a "great knight" in his armor. Again, I think he should look more like this.-- Renly too small and weak, not charismatic or confident enough.-- Scene between Varys and Littlefinger went on too long and set them up as much more outwardly confrontational than in the book. Could be an interesting take on it, but I don't think it's needed to show it that way. I feel like they both work behind the scenes and wouldn't want to give away any information they didn't have to (including knowledge about each other).-- Didn't like the lighting when Arya was hiding int he dragon skull. Scene should have been darker (mostly torchlight) but at the same time I thought the skull was not at all obviously a dragon skull, even in HD. Would people who haven't read the books even recognize it as such?-- Ned-Jaime fight should have been in the dark and in the rain, not yet another sunny palm-tree day in King's Landing. Yeah, plot-wise it doesn't really change anything horribly, I just thought they missed an opportunity to set a great mood there. Think about the fight between Rutger Hauer and Harrison Ford at the end of Blade Runner. Would that scene have had the same impact in sunny, dry daylight? "The Storm" has started with this fight, this is where it all really starts going downhill, they should have had the environment play a role in reinforcing that.-- The long shot of the Eyrie. Kind of cool, but I always pictured it carved into the side of a cliff instead of as a freestanding structure. Not sure why the Moon Door should be a hole in the floor (for one thing, it's a waste of space, just doesn't seem as practical as an actual door in the wall).-- The tournament still looks terribly small and cheap. I guess it's over now? Can't tell. Like Episode 4, they didn't really give many clues as to where we're at with it (people advancing, being officially crowned as champion, etc.). We visit it randomly a couple times to fit in some key scenes, but that's it, it seems forced in.-- Bran-Luwin scene (Game of Thrones: The Board Game!) seemed a little off and unnecessary. I get that they were trying to lay out the land/map/families for people unfamiliar with the world, but it was clumsy and boring for me.-- What was the point of Ned going to see the other Robert bastard (the baby)? He already knows about Gendry, isn't that enough? OK, he saw the baby, fine, it doesn't really prove anything more than he already knew (even if the baby actually is Robert's, it's the word of a whore after all, and you can't really see that it looks like Robert). And he did this while he must have known his family would be in increasing danger with each passing minute (he has his daughters isolated in their rooms and posted his best guards there). Feels like Ned visiting the whorehouse again was a lazy excuse to set him up for the Jaime fight, not brought on by true motivations.Things I liked:-- Everything else was completely awesome!I just wish they would think about each scene and try to think "What simple things could we do to make this more dramatic or clear?" or "Is this scene even necessary?" There are small things that could be changed or added that would improve scenes, but it seems like they just didn't take the time to ask those questions in every case.Still, great episode overall.
46	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	-- What was the point of Ned going to see the other Robert bastard (the baby)? He already knows about Gendry, isn't that enough? OK, he saw the baby, fine, it doesn't really prove anything more than he already knew (even if the baby actually is Robert's, it's the word of a whore after all, and you can't really see that it looks like Robert). And he did this while he must have known his family would be in increasing danger with each passing minute (he has his daughters isolated in their rooms and posted his best guards there). Feels like Ned visiting the whorehouse again was a lazy excuse to set him up for the Jaime fight, not brought on by true motivations.That scene was pretty much word for word from the book (other than that in the book it's played out in Eddard's head as he's riding back from the brothel). Even the whore looked just like the book described her. The reason why the scene is there is thus best directed to GRRM himself, but...
	Spoiler no, it's not enough seeing Gendry. One child doesn't prove anything as even siblings from the same parents can look differently, just as Sansa and Arya doesn't look much alike at all. The whole case against Robert's "children" is that every single bastard Robert has fathered looks just like him, regardless of how their mothers looked, while his supposed true born do not.
47	Keltess	2011-05-16	The scene between Cersie and Robert bothered me because, (and I know someone will correct me if my memory fails me), Didn't Cersie say in the books that Robert had "got a child on her once" and she had GOTTEN RID OF IT ! You cannot make a Character as ruthless as Cersie sympathetic because she IS a complete and total scheming, power hungry, narcissistic bitch! As Far as Robert goes power just seems to have corrupted a man who was a doughty fighter and perhaps charismatic leader. Ned is obviously shocked and disappointed by the changes in a man he thought of as his brother. Too bad he didn't twig a little earlier, might have saved himself and his family.
48	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-16	9, great episode with some very strong scenes, performances and dialogue, would be 10 but as much as I'm trying to ignore it because it shouldn't matter so much, I am really annoyed at the way they did Jaime vs Ned. I knew it was coming but I genuinely think, as I have stated too many times on the spoiler thread, that it will negatively affect all future seasons to a large enough degree to be considered a calamitous decision
49	arrowfan	2011-05-16	Gave this one a 7.  Wasn't my fav ep.  The scene with Renly and Loras was too much a departure from the book and didn't seem to add much.  
I most certainly did love the scenes en rout and at the Eyrie! The battle with the wildlings was pretty tight and gorey, it had impact.  Probably my fav shot of all was Tyrion looking over the edge of his sky-cell.  Weeeeee.  
Varys, Littlefinger and Ned... all have great on screen chemistry.  
Was a "coming out" for Theon (pun intended)... at first I didn't like this casting, but now I think it's quite good.  His face and acting really match his character type and story arc. 
Was fun to finally see/hear some more Sandor... hopefully they won't keep stealing his lines (giving them to other characters like last ep).
50	Elrick	2011-05-16	Man the actor that plays Gregor Clegane is PERFECT! The guy just seems completely and utterly psychotic how he went off on Loras. BTW I disagree with those that say Loras isn't buff enough as I've always pictured him not having a lot of muscle but rather trim and some what athletic looking. Renly on the other hand is not how I pictured him but that doesn't bother too much as it would be a hard thing to find the exact right look in my opinion.
Also the ideal that Renly and Loras scene as being a major departure of the books I disagree with in essence as I understand why they did it this way. For one tha audience who haven't read the books wouldn't pick up on the hints in the books about their sexuality. It didn't bother me as much as I knew some who had no probs with men doing women would. Bottom line great so far! Gave it a ten.
					
					
							Edited by Elrick, 16 May 2011 - 10:06 PM.
51	Carldog	2011-05-16	Things that irked me: Really? You thought this ep good?  Doesn't sound like it.-- Didn't like Sandor keeping his fist raised with Loras. I don't remember that being in the book, I feel like Book Sandor would have scowled, spit (at Loras, not the king), and stalked away, angry at having been forced into a conflict not of his own making, for this creampuff knight who he wouldn't respect.-- Loras is bad. He's not nearly as beautiful as he's supposed to be in the books (making Sansa's swooning a little hard to believe), but the dude has an uncut toothpick body, I don't see how he's a master swordsman or can even hold up the jousting lance. Frankly, he looks ridiculous as a "great knight" in his armor. Again, I think he should look more like this.-- Renly too small and weak, not charismatic or confident enough.-- Scene between Varys and Littlefinger went on too long and set them up as much more outwardly confrontational than in the book. Could be an interesting take on it, but I don't think it's needed to show it that way. I feel like they both work behind the scenes and wouldn't want to give away any information they didn't have to (including knowledge about each other).-- Didn't like the lighting when Arya was hiding int he dragon skull. Scene should have been darker (mostly torchlight) but at the same time I thought the skull was not at all obviously a dragon skull, even in HD. Would people who haven't read the books even recognize it as such?-- Ned-Jaime fight should have been in the dark and in the rain, not yet another sunny palm-tree day in King's Landing. Yeah, plot-wise it doesn't really change anything horribly, I just thought they missed an opportunity to set a great mood there. Think about the fight between Rutger Hauer and Harrison Ford at the end of Blade Runner. Would that scene have had the same impact in sunny, dry daylight? "The Storm" has started with this fight, this is where it all really starts going downhill, they should have had the environment play a role in reinforcing that.-- The long shot of the Eyrie. Kind of cool, but I always pictured it carved into the side of a cliff instead of as a freestanding structure. Not sure why the Moon Door should be a hole in the floor (for one thing, it's a waste of space, just doesn't seem as practical as an actual door in the wall).-- The tournament still looks terribly small and cheap. I guess it's over now? Can't tell. Like Episode 4, they didn't really give many clues as to where we're at with it (people advancing, being officially crowned as champion, etc.). We visit it randomly a couple times to fit in some key scenes, but that's it, it seems forced in.-- Bran-Luwin scene (Game of Thrones: The Board Game!) seemed a little off and unnecessary. I get that they were trying to lay out the land/map/families for people unfamiliar with the world, but it was clumsy and boring for me.-- What was the point of Ned going to see the other Robert bastard (the baby)? He already knows about Gendry, isn't that enough? OK, he saw the baby, fine, it doesn't really prove anything more than he already knew (even if the baby actually is Robert's, it's the word of a whore after all, and you can't really see that it looks like Robert). And he did this while he must have known his family would be in increasing danger with each passing minute (he has his daughters isolated in their rooms and posted his best guards there). Feels like Ned visiting the whorehouse again was a lazy excuse to set him up for the Jaime fight, not brought on by true motivations.Things I liked:-- Everything else was completely awesome!I just wish they would think about each scene and try to think "What simple things could we do to make this more dramatic or clear?" or "Is this scene even necessary?" There are small things that could be changed or added that would improve scenes, but it seems like they just didn't take the time to ask those questions in every case.Still, great episode overall.
52	valacirca	2011-05-16	Episode rankings based on poll results so far:E05 = 8.73E02 = 8.13E04 = 7.98E03 = 7.87E01 = 7.87(E03 > E01 by virtue of having more votes)Overall show ranking so far (based on a tally of all votes through five episodes): 8.1/10
53	YoDaddy	2011-05-16	Gotta be honest about the Renly-Loras thing. It bothered the shit out of me. Maybe it's because I AM a bit homophobic, but I don't think it was the sex that bothered me. It was in the way Renly was portrayed. I don't remember him being such a puss in the books. He struck me as a fun loving, funny, and somewhat fearless dude. He japed about Barristan being old, He made fun of his drunken brother, and offered Ned his help in securing the kingdom. In no way did he come off as Robert's weak little brother like he did here. Also, isn't he supposed to resemble Robert in his heyday?
 As far a Loras goes, isn't he supposed to be the prettiest man in the realm? And have brown hair like his sister? This guy falls short.
 Now before you trash me for gay bashing, I'm not a big fan of any of the gratuitous sex scenes in any of it. Do we really need to see everyone naked to get the point across that they are having sex? I get the Danny/Drogo part, it shows how Dany entrances the big Dothraki. I also get the Cersei/Jaime one as well, we are supposed to see the perverse nature of their relationship and just how fucked up the Lannister's are. Don't get me wrong, I love sex and even watch porn, but for some reason some of these scenes just make me uncomfortable.
 Still stick with 8 rating as I thought it was the best episode so far!
54	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-17	8
Overall, I'd say the best episode yet - the action scenes were a welcome departure from the usual mold, and I applaud the decision to focus almost entirely on King's Landing and avoid The Wall or the Targaryen plot line.  With so much going on, less was more.
In hindsight, I guess my criticism of the fight scenes (all 3!!!) is that they seemed too short - would've loved to see more of Bronn in action.  I also felt the 2 Stark guards that got speared went down too easily, and Jory getting a knife through the eye felt too fabricated and staged.  And Tyrion was supposed to have taken an ax to the mountain men!  You know from later in AGoT and ACoK that he's actually quite formidable in h2h combat.  The fight choreography and cinematography seemed a bit off to me, too.  Mad props on showing Gregor killing his horse - it's all too easy to opt not to show that, but it adds so much flavor!
I was a big fan of the Loras/Renly scene.  Coupled with the Winterfell scenes focusing on Theon, we've gotten some nice set-up/foreshadowing for Season 2 (as if there was ever any question of its being produced!).  
The Robert/Cersei scene was fantastic - an excellent departure from the book with vivid character development.  Lena Heady has said in interviews that her interpretation of Cersei is that she once had sincere affection and hopes for her and Robert; this made the climax of that scene much more dramatic for me - Cersei asked Robert if she could ever have filled the void left by Lyanna, and he said no.  He then proceeded to ask how that made her feel, and she took a sip of wine and replied with indifference - in that one shot of her sipping the wine and replying, we saw Cersei confirm in her head her decision to kill Robert.  I loved it.
Is anybody else disappointed that they've outed Jorah Mormont as a spy 2 seasons early?
55	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-17	8Overall, I'd say the best episode yet - the action scenes were a welcome departure from the usual mold, and I applaud the decision to focus almost entirely on King's Landing and avoid The Wall or the Targaryen plot line.  With so much going on, less was more.In hindsight, I guess my criticism of the fight scenes (all 3!!!) is that they seemed too short - would've loved to see more of Bronn in action.  I also felt the 2 Stark guards that got speared went down too easily, and Jory getting a knife through the eye felt too fabricated and staged.  And Tyrion was supposed to have taken an ax to the mountain men!  You know from later in AGoT and ACoK that he's actually quite formidable in h2h combat.  The fight choreography and cinematography seemed a bit off to me, too.  Mad props on showing Gregor killing his horse - it's all too easy to opt not to show that, but it adds so much flavor!I was a big fan of the Loras/Renly scene.  Coupled with the Winterfell scenes focusing on Theon, we've gotten some nice set-up/foreshadowing for Season 2 (as if there was ever any question of its being produced!).  The Robert/Cersei scene was fantastic - an excellent departure from the book with vivid character development.  Lena Heady has said in interviews that her interpretation of Cersei is that she once had sincere affection and hopes for her and Robert; this made the climax of that scene much more dramatic for me - Cersei asked Robert if she could ever have filled the void left by Lyanna, and he said no.  He then proceeded to ask how that made her feel, and she took a sip of wine and replied with indifference - in that one shot of her sipping the wine and replying, we saw Cersei confirm in her head her decision to kill Robert.  I loved it.Is anybody else disappointed that they've outed Jorah Mormont as a spy 2 seasons early?I'm pretty sure they outed him as a spy in exactly the same council meeting in the books
56	Lord Godric	2011-05-17	Gotta be honest about the Renly-Loras thing. It bothered the shit out of me. Maybe it's because I AM a bit homophobicAt least you have the balls to admit it.  I think a lot of people were "bothered" by that scene for similar reasons but are trying to find other reasons to hate on it.IMO, it didn't force to me suspend belief at all.  If Martin had chosen to give Loras or Renly a PoV, I think this would have been identical to one of their "praying" sessions.
57	Najob	2011-05-17	ahaha, great pic Lord Godric.
Otherwise, the episode was a good 8 for me.
58	reiver	2011-05-17	The renly Loras scene wasn't awful it was just a little fat (unlike both emaciated bodies on display, seriously if you're going to do fan service lets get some guys with meat). The slurping made me lol which i guess wasn't the intention.
Overall i liked the episode but was again left cold and baffled by a lot of the changes. Littlefinger/varys was a decent scene but utterly wrong to have two people whose stock is in whispers and intrigue go all Bond villain on each other. There were several more artful ways of acheiving the same affect (inc. the cut Littlefinger explaining his manipulation of robert's council to Ned). 
I'm really unsure on the cersei scene (again) and i think i'm going to be waiting until i see just how much she's lying to see whether i like the character alterations. Best added scene was Bran and Luwin. A perfect example of how to do exposition, world building and character development without feeling forced. If only they were able to do this more often...
59	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	I'm pretty sure they outed him as a spy in exactly the same council meeting in the booksYes, Ser Jorah gets outed in the exact same way in the book.
60	Abaddon	2011-05-17	Yes, Ser Jorah gets outed in the exact same way in the book.Yes, he does.  And it was so early in the books (and surrounded by more interesting things) compared to when Dany finds out that I'd completely forgotten about that by the time I got there, and only really payed attention on a re-read.  So I think it's understandable to forget it was in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 17 May 2011 - 09:06 AM.
61	Kaitscralt	2011-05-17	Things that irked me:I guess I respect your passion, but your list seems awfully nit-picky. I can't find it in me to care about such small things when the episodes are so great overall.
62	Elrick	2011-05-17	I guess I respect your passion, but your list seems awfully nit-picky. I can't find it in me to care about such small things when the episodes are so great overall.I really have to agree with you man. Its ridicules how some people want everything to be a certain way but alas thats always the case when something comes out based on the book. People are always wanting it to have this or that in it and when it doesn't they get upset or feel betrayed.This series rocks and although I am not as pleased with the actor that plays the Hound so far I am more than happy with the guy that plays Gregor. As far as the thing between Loras and Renly well they had to be more blunt than the books when it came to this. Viewers have a hard time picking up subtle hints it seems.
					
					
							Edited by Elrick, 17 May 2011 - 11:39 AM.
63	Jon Lannister	2011-05-17	This was the best episode till now, I think. There were things I didn't like. Renly + Loras, showing it so soon. It's not that I'm homofobic, I'm actually gay. The thing is that there are secrets that should be kept till later. I loved Littlefinger's conversation with Varys, but there was a small thing in it I didn't like. Littlefinger knowing about the meeting between Varys and Illyrio. I mean, ok, Littlefinger is very well informed. But Varys is Varys, he would never let Littlefinger know about his meeting with Illyrio. Robert and Cersei seemed too friendly, but I liked it. Last one, I loved the scene with Ned and the Kingslayer, but I would put it like in the books, raining. It would have a greatest impact.
64	Bronn Stone	2011-05-17	This was the best episode till now, I think. There were things I didn't like. Renly + Loras, showing it so soon. It's not that I'm homofobic, I'm actually gay. The thing is that there are secrets that should be kept till later. I loved Littlefinger's conversation with Varys, but there was a small thing in it I didn't like. Littlefinger knowing about the meeting between Varys and Illyrio. I mean, ok, Littlefinger is very well informed. But Varys is Varys, he would never let Littlefinger know about his meeting with Illyrio. Robert and Cersei seemed too friendly, but I liked it. Last one, I loved the scene with Ned and the Kingslayer, but I would put it like in the books, raining. It would have a greatest impact.Shooting in rain is expensive and many times more complicated, especially if you have to make it artificially.  That decision was almost certainly budgetary.Both Robert and Cersei are sufficiently politicians that they can put on their friendly public faces.  That scene starts out with them doing exactly that.  Only as it progresses do we get a bit of truth and the friendliness fades.  I thought it was well done.I agree with your objection about LF knowing about Varys' visitor IF he knows the whole story.  LF only says that Varys had a foreign visitor, leaving it open whether or not he knew who it was or why they were meeting.  If all LF knows is "Varys met with a fat foreigner", then I am fine with it AND it explains why LF mentioned it - he is probing for more info, or at least a reaction (which he gets).  But if LF knew "Varys met with Illyrio Mopatis, Magister of Pentos and didn't mention it to the King or Small Council", then I'd agree.  But I really think it is the former.
65	mirabella	2011-05-17	The scene with Robert and Cersei was amazing and well acted, I really liked that part.  The fight scene at the end had me on the edge of my couch.  I feel so bad for Ned, his day keeps going from bad to worse.
66	JJtheCrow	2011-05-17	I gave the episode an 8.  Really loved everything about it but am saving my 9's and 10's for future episodes.  I find all the nitpicking to be hilarious.  This is an adaptation not adapted by YOU, so of course their will be some things that are different from the way you imagined them.  Sounds like we have quite a few TV writers and directors on this board (oh thats right you are not TV writers or directors).  And please stop saying the writers of this series are lazy.  What an insult to the hard work that many people have put into this series. WRITE YOUR OWN ADAPTATION!!!!!
67	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-17	On first view I was thinking 6.5-7, but after second viewing I'm giving it an 8. Fortunately I waited until my second viewing before voting in this thread.
My only real gripe is Renly's characteristation, and it's not really related to changes from the book per se. Because I'm looking at his characterisation from the point of view of someone who doesn't know the books and whether such a person will really think of Renly as worthy of the crown. So far it's a negative (nothing to do with the gay thing either, that was fine).
68	Daenerys	2011-05-17	I guess I respect your passion, but your list seems awfully nit-picky. I can't find it in me to care about such small things when the episodes are so great overall.Oh, admittedly, most of those things are nitpicky, and most, in the end, didn't interfere with my enjoyment of the episode, I did love it. But as they always say it's the details that make the difference between good and great, or between functional and "art", or however you want to put it. Things like the lighting and atmosphere of a scene (for example) are really important for pushing something into that sublime level where it soars, captures your imagination, and leaves a lasting impact. Doesn't mean it doesn't still work without it, but maybe it doesn't quite reach that extra level that makes it memorable and sets it apart from everything else. In the same way that Robert Jordan's books are very good, but (in my case anyway) leave a little something wanting that is found when reading Martin.
69	Popgun	2011-05-17	Most of my thoughts on it have been pretty well covered by everyone already so I won't restate them here. I have found it surprising though tha most of the reaction was over the gay scene, rather than on the scene of Sweet Robin being suckled by his mother. 
I was trying to spot the special effects in that scene but couldn't. It really looks like a 6-7 year old kid is sucking on a middle aged woman's tit.
					
					
							Edited by Popgun, 18 May 2011 - 05:25 AM.
70	Hyper	2011-05-17	I'm pretty sure they used a fake/prosthetic breast/nipple.
71	Lannister Fan	2011-05-18	Clumsy sword-fights and Renly in general aside, this was probably my favorite ep so far.
72	Desch	2011-05-18	The part between Cersei and Robert was really very good. Also Littlefingers and Varys ''duel'' was nice. I really enjoy scenes that are not in the books, but show that much story and life behind them.
It's true that the implied things (of the book) are really rather obvious in the series.
Personally Renly is too much of a wuss. I have no problem with the explicity of the scene, actually I quite expected such a scene after all the nudity, and sex from all the other characters. But he is portrayed as such a whiny wimp, that I really have problems to see him as a true contester for the throne (as it even seems it isn't his idea, but Loras').
73	sadfascist	2011-05-18	fantastic episode. Would have rated it a 10 except for D&D turning Renly into a character on Will and Grace. 
Can i confess the best part of watching this episode was the closing credits? Because that was when I realized the season is ONLY half over and there's SO MUCH AWESOME still to come. If this episode was that good, how crazy awesome is episode 8 or 9 or 10 going to be? Yeek!!! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
					
					
							Edited by sadfascist, 18 May 2011 - 11:41 AM.
74	Ghost Cat	2011-05-18	It finally aired on my satellite provider based in Bahrain. Greyjoy's toys were edited out on this airing. The bottom of the screen was blacked out. Had I not watched it on the internet first, I wouldn't have known there was male frontal nudity in this episode.  They did run the Renly/Loras scene in full, though. That was the scene I didn't expect to see. Sweetrobin breastfeeding was there too and even creepier on a big screen compared to the computer screen.
75	Bran's 3rd Eye	2011-05-18	It's hard for me to judge this on such universal terms.
As a stand-alone TV show episode, it was probably an 8 or 9.
As an adaptation of the books, squarely a 5.
I landed somewhere in between, making my overall a 6.
Obviously, a 6 is rather closer to 5 than 9.  I think this is attributable to the fact that there were so many detail changes from the books (Eyrie, Ned fighting, Renly gets a hummer, etc.) that I didn't think improved the source material...only cheapened it somehow.  I'm still irked by the fact that HBO felt the need to beat us over the head with Renly & Loras' relationship.  
That smacks of sensationalism & not particularly good story-telling.  ZOMG, THEY'RE HAVING GAY ORAL SEX!!!  It's so EDGY!!!  The peeps will love it!!! The same could be said of Jory's demise.  ZOMG, Sean Bean is a big star, we gotta get him fighting!!!  The peeps will love it!!!  
Ugh...
Put me in the "it was good, but not nearly as good as it should have been" bucket, please.
76	Kimera757	2011-05-18	I give it an 8.
The fight between Varys and Littlefinger was amazing. Especially the turnaround line at the end.
I give high marks to Robert and Cersei's last talk.
Pretty much everything GREGOR did, and the Hound's last move...
	Spoiler He ducked the sword and turned it into an almost courtly bow. Awesome.
Oh and alas poor Mr. "Stabbed in the Eye" and his face twitching.
77	Noir Dove	2011-05-18	Gooood evening.My newb self has returned to gush about the latest episode.I really loved it, it wasn't my favorite so far, but still top notch. Favorite StuffsTyrion going all warrior with the shield.The Sky CellArya... "I was chasing a cat." I seriously, lol'dCreeped Me Out StuffsSweet Robin and Mummy. That is all.Sad Face StuffsMy favorite characters are Dany and Jon. So I REALLY missed them this week. I understand why others didn't but their stories are what really hooked me in the first place. That's not to say that I'm not loving all the action in King's Landing (or the action in Greyjoy's bedroom... I am a straight woman thank you very much) But, I just missed seeing them this week. Looking forward ot their return soon.I don't really have any new comments on the Loras/Renly scene expect that in episode 1 Tyrion enjoyed much of the same and THAT scene wasn't explicit in the books either. I thought it was well done, two people who can't be themselves in public being themselves with each other. Whether or not they have true feelings for one another I cannot say. But in that moment, it was almost sweet.
78	arrowfan	2011-05-19	I'm pretty sure they used a fake/prosthetic breast/nipple.yup, I think so too. At least I hope so.
79	Chirios	2011-05-19	Quite easily the best episode so far.
80	End of Disc One	2011-05-19	yup, I think so too. At least I hope so.Jaime's actor mentioned a "fake tit" in his recent interview.
81	Huan	2011-05-19	HBO On Demand has a short video called Game of Thrones: Anatomy of a Scene: Tournament that is worth checking out if you have On Demand. (I can't find it anywhere online so far.) Among other things, it includes a clip that didn't make it into the episode of Arya and Sansa discussing sigils, as well as short clips from Conan Stevens and Rory McCann!
82	Black Sheep	2011-05-19	I absolutely loved that scene! First of all, it really humanizes both of them, while allowing that they both have faults. Secondly, it gives you a good sense of just how long they've been enduring one another and how things could have grown so cold between them. Thirdly, it spells out exactly why the Dothraki invading would be such a dangerous scenario, something I actually wondered about previously.Great episode, best yet. I give it a solid 9.Slightly off-topic question: why is Dany's child considered so dangerous when there's already an existing, more direct, Targaryen heir in Viserys? Is it because they all know Veserys is so weak he wouldn't be a serious threat? I never understood that from the books and I never got it from the tv series either.It's an evidence that House Targaryen continues to exist and will have offspring, and it's as much an insult to Robert (from his fanatic Targaryen-hate stand mostly) as it is a threat to the realm. Why is it a threat to the realm? I guess that a son that has a right to the lands of Westeros will serve as a better catalyst to Khal Drogo rather than "Oh my creepy megalomaniac brother-in-law wants me to go overseas to conquer some lands where Mountains decapitate horses (shivers)"
83	Noir Dove	2011-05-19	It's an evidence that House Targaryen continues to exist and will have offspring, and it's as much an insult to Robert (from his fanatic Targaryen-hate stand mostly) as it is a threat to the realm. Why is it a threat to the realm? I guess that a son that has a right to the lands of Westeros will serve as a better catalyst to Khal Drogo rather than "Oh my creepy megalomaniac brother-in-law wants me to go overseas to conquer some lands where Mountains decapitate horses (shivers)"As a newb and a reader who has yet to finish book one (Don't judge, I'm taking my time absorbing everything!) I know I have no business sporting an opinion, but I would like to add that I think it was such a big threat not just because it's another Targaryen/ they continue to have children and exists it's the fact that it's a Targaryen AND a Dothroki. This child techincally has a right to the Iron throne but it also will have a right to the horde. A child of both worlds if you will.I can see why that would scare the beejeezus out of Robert. (if that's possible /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
84	instinctivetraveler	2011-05-20	What do people think of Maisie Williams as Arya? She's one of my favorite characters and I think it was a perfect cast.
85	gypsyscarlett	2011-05-20	I gave this ep an 8.  Was very tempted to give it a nine, though.
Favorite scenes: Arya chasing the cat and coming across the dragon skulls.  Unfortunately, it was much shorter than how the scene was portrayed in the book, and therefore lost much of its suspense.  But I understand the time constraits.
Lysa.  Thought the actress nailed it.  Perfectly creepy and disturbed, without any over-the-top acting.  And I liked the horrified, sad look on Catelyn's face.  Like,  "Oh dear. Tyrion wasn't lying when he spoke about my sister..."
The new Cersei and Robert scene.  Good at humanizing them, which I think is especially important for the show.  TV viewers aren't able to read the different POVs and glimpse all the different shades of gray which make the characters so brilliantly three-dimensional.
Ned and Robert's confrontation.
Little Finger and Varys.
Hmm... I really should have gone with the nine...
					
					
							Edited by gypsyscarlett, 20 May 2011 - 02:00 AM.
86	gypsyscarlett	2011-05-20	What do people think of Maisie Williams as Arya? She's one of my favorite characters and I think it was a perfect cast.I'm in awe.  Seriously.  The people in charge of casting deserve a huge round of applause.Arya is one of my favorite characters in the book, and I really worried about how she'd be cast.  There are very few, really talented child actors.  But Maisie totally captures Arya's spirit, and definitely has shown she has the acting chops to deal with the things that come later.
87	The Fan	2011-05-21	What do people think of Maisie Williams as Arya? She's one of my favorite characters and I think it was a perfect cast.Believe it or not, there is a thread for that...As well, there is a search feature on the main page, powered by google, which is very effective.I really liked this episode, and if I had any complaints, they would be that I didn't need quite the face-slapping exclamation of Renly-Loras, but I like subtlety.ANDJaime is an excellent warrior, to be sure, but Jory dropped like a no-name guard, for being Rodrik's son nephew and captain of the Winterfell Guards, I expected a little more fight out of him. Jaime is good, but not THAT good.
88	rise of the small folk	2011-05-21	I really liked the scene between Robert and Cersei.  EXCEPT:
As I read the books, I saw Robert as more obsessed with the Targaryens rather than fearing the Dothrakis.  Robert's Targaryen obsession was of course a subversion of his fantasy of Lyanna, and the chain of events that lead to war against the Targaryens.  I'm of the opinion that Robert's war, like the War of the 5 King's, was based on rash decisions made with inaccurate information (I think Robert was wrong, that Lyanna went with Raegar of her own free will) and that most players used the war for their own ends.  It's not just a detail - it's a theme.
89	Chelly	2012-01-31	I absolutely loved this episode! The Cersei/Robert scene was one of my favorite show addtions. It showed another depth to them and it was acted wonderfully. I loved the confrontation in the end between Jaime and Ned and I especially loved that Jaime refused to fight and kill Ned because one of his men unfairly wounded him. It was great to see him genuinely pissed off because he couldn't have a good, fair fight with Ned.Oh, and Theon released his kraken in this episode. I was shoicked by the full frontal male nudity, but kudos to him for doing it. If they are going to show naked women, they might as well show naked men. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
90	Ran	2011-05-15	Spoiler-free discussion of the episode, titled "The Wolf and the Lion", when it's available. Please don't post before then.
91	OneTrueWarg	2011-05-15	The dragon heads were probably what stood out the most memorable thing in this episode to me
92	Balefont	2011-05-15	I wish I didn't have to wait till the AM for Larry Williams' review. /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
93	TrueMetis	2011-05-15	I wish I didn't have to wait till the AM for Larry Williams' review. /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />Haha.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
94	Huan	2011-05-16	New guest stars in this episode (from closing credits):Ciaran Bermingham: MordAntonia Christophers: MhaegenKate Dickie: Lysa ArrynLino Facioli: Robin ArrynFinn Jones: Loras TyrellBrendan McCormack: Vardis EganAlan Paris: probably a King's Landing Guard that speaks with Arya?I saw that Wikipedia lists Robert Sterne as "King's Landing Guard" and Alan Paris as "King's Landing Guard 2", but Robert Sterne is actually the King's Steward, not a guard, and also appeared in Episode 3: "Lord Snow."Total of 67 guest stars credited in closing credits through five episodes, plus 18 stars from opening credits.Edit: just realized there's a Cast Listing discussion thread, will copy this there.
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 16 May 2011 - 11:02 AM.
95	tybeechris	2011-05-16	BEST LINE YET!!
Ned: "And who holds the straws?"
96	The Bastard King	2011-05-16	I didn't like the Hound and Mountain fight much but the choreography at the end where the Hound dodges the blade by kneeling in front of Robert was awesome.
97	Senta Signora	2011-05-18	Is no one else disturbed that Bronn sheathed his bloody sword without wiping it clean first?  As I remember from my other fantasy reading that's a big no no.
98	Aoife	2011-05-18	Yes, I have been disturbed by that, and he hasn't been the only character to do so. At least wipe the thing down on some corpse's clothes! I could understand just chucking it back in if they had to flee immediately, but not if they have time to stand around (and chase down those horses that ran off).
99	Sharpes	2011-05-22	I didn't like the Hound and Mountain fight much but the choreography at the end where the Hound dodges the blade by kneeling in front of Robert was awesome.Haha yeah I loved that bit, then the Mountain struts off in shame. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I want to see more White walkers and wildlings. :S
					
					
							Edited by Sharpes, 22 May 2011 - 06:38 PM.
100	Sam Flinders	2014-08-15	How come Illyrio was in Kings Landing? I understand they're friendship but why? Surely Varys would have been able to communicate with his Birds orated than skulking around in the dungeons...
101	Kingslayer's Slayed Hand	2012-03-27	in the episode (S01e05), during the scene where Maester Luwin is teaching Bran heraldry (with Theon practicing archery nearby) when Luwin asked Bran abt sigil of House Baratheon, Bran said - "a stag.... a crowned stag now that robert is king". This implied that before robert's rebillion the sigil of house baratheon was a stag and after robert became king the sigil was changed to a 'crowned stag'. however, i am unable to find any such reference in the books. acc to books the sigil had always seemed to be a crowned stag. so is this a goofup on hbo's part.....Can some please clarify?
102	opark77	2012-03-29	A change is not a necessarily a goof. In the books the sigil originates from the Storm Kings so it was always a crowned stag. Making it different in the show is fine by me though.
103	The hairy bear	2012-03-30	Yeah, opark77 has the right of it. For the show, the stag became crowned once Robert got the Throne. For the books, the sigil dates back to the days of Argilac the Arrogant.
104	mike006	2013-02-04	i've always wondered about that... i've looked it up and i think a crowned stag doesn't really mean a stag with a literal crown... i think it means a royal stag = with antlers of 12 or more branches
105	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	Terrific episode, nay?Here are this week's Official character rankings.BADASS RANKINGS:1. The Mountain - he cut a horse's head off2. The Hound - probably the only motherfucker in the Seven Kingdoms crazy enough to stand up to his bro3. Bronn4. Jaime - so pissed that his one-on-one fight is interrupted that he smacks his own guard5. Ser Rodrik - shrugs off his wound like an old proHonourable mention: Jory. Cuts down two of Jaime's henchmen before getting ownedDishonourable mention: Renly. Gigantic wuss.ACTING RANKINGS:1. King Robert - the Small Council scene and the scene with Cersei were gold from Mark Addy2. Lord Varys - was everywhere this ep, and he's exactly how I picture the Spider3. Maester Luwin4. Tyrion5. Jaime - only had the one scene but he nailed itHonourable mention: Lysa and Robin Arryn. Wow.Dishonourable mention: Theon - not convinced by this lad. Also, penis.BEST SCENE RANKINGS:1. Robert and Cersei's friendly chat in Robert's Drinking Chamber2. Robert torturing Lancel3. The Eyrie/Creepy tit sucking kid4. The Small Council scene5. Jaime vs NedHonourable mention: Varys and Ned's small chat. Understated but nice scene.Dishonourable mention: Theon banging Ros. Seemed pointless. Also, penis.Feel free to discuss the official rankings or post your own.  /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 16 May 2011 - 08:13 AM.
							
								Language
106	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	IMOBADASS RANKINGS:1. The Hound - The only guy with the balls to challenge the Mountain AND bowed down right in the middle of fight in spite of what the Mountain might do to him.2. the Mountain3. Bronn4 & 5 Jaime and Ned - Can't choose between these guysHonourable mention: Jory Cassel and Ser Rodric CasselDishonourable mention: Renly and Loras - I know they are gay but damn, be a little less gay about it guys.
107	Songlian	2011-05-16	Acting wise, I liked everyone in this episode, no exceptions.  
Characters that really stood out for me were Loras and The Hound. I have been waiting for that tourney scene, and it was awesome. Bronn's was another great performance, short as it was. Jory went nicely, too.  Poor Jory. 
Lysa and Robin Arryn... I wish I could praise them, because they really deserved it, but that stuff was so sick and creepy,  I may need a moment to recover.
Best scenes: Jaime vs Ned, The Mountain vs Loras vs The Hound, Tyrion in the Cells.
Not the best scenes: Theon banging Ros (unnecessary), Littlefinger vs Varys (almost unnecessary), Loras shaving Renly (too much, too soon, too cheesy).
108	Clariana	2011-05-16	What no mention of Littlefinger v Varys???
That was a deadlier duel than the one in the tourney...
PS Nothing wrong with penis
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 16 May 2011 - 04:31 PM.
109	Ser Luke	2011-05-16	BADASS RANKINGS:1. Bronn. I think I saw him cut down 3 mountain tribes guys. Nice. 2. Jaime - Dagger through poor Jory's eye. Ouch. "Kill his men." 3. The Mountain - He's the mountain. 4. The Hound - The way he bowed and Gregors' sword went right over his head was PERFECCCT.ACTING RANKINGS:1. Robert - Even though he's not exactly how I pictured Robert, he definitely is nailing his personality. 2. Tyrion - When he says he had nothing to do with the murder the quiver in his voice is perfect. Dude's great. BEST SCENE:1. Jaime confronts Ned
110	Daenerys	2011-05-17	Everyone's acting in this episode was fine, but they're really botching the characters of Renly, Loras, and Sandor. Theon's story feels shoehorned in. I also don't remember Bran being quite so brooding and petulant in the books.
111	MountainThatRides	2011-05-17	Everyone's acting in this episode was fine, but they're really botching the characters of Renly, Loras, and Sandor. Theon's story feels shoehorned in. I also don't remember Bran being quite so brooding and petulant in the books.Yeah, Renly is a horrible disappointment. As for Sandor, I still have hope that he's not going to be all silent and dour and ambivalent throughout the whole series. Right now he's basically Ilyn Payne. Where the fuck is the HOUND? Still haven't met him yet.
112	WhiteHaven	2011-05-17	Edit: Wrong thread.
					
					
							Edited by WhiteHaven, 17 May 2011 - 01:28 PM.
113	Lord Mord	2011-05-29	Clariana,PS Nothing wrong with penisIndeed.  And our dear Theon, apart from having a pretty physique, sports a nice specimen as well.
114	Sweet Summer Child	2012-05-28	I think the hound was hands down the most badass because of the way he kneeled. Robert was spot on how I pictured him, and bronn did some nice work too.
115	LordTherion	2011-05-17	Gods be god, did someone else take note of just they f***d up the last sequence? It's just a minor complaint, don't get me wrong - I loved that sequence! /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> But such a bad goof was not necessary... Look at how the soldiers go down - at the beginning of the fight Jory kills two Lannisters, Eddard even four. Jory and his two kills lie close together after he dies, the four victims of Ned in a long row. At the end of the scene Jory lies way ahead of his two victims (!), so that Ned is allowed to collapse between them. And Ned's line of victims became a single pile of them (!), placed 2-3 meters away of the initial locations (so that Jaime has space to ride away). SO ridiculous! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
116	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	Renly. 
Oh you said goof? I haven't noticed any of those yet, but I'm not sure how I missed the one you mentioned.
117	End of Disc One	2011-05-17	I assume they did it so that Jaime has space to ride away.
118	Dornish	2011-05-17	The impassible dungeon bars being obviously way wider than Maisie Williams for example?
119	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	Dunno, sounds like something that you need to pause the video and think about, and I guess most people dont care about that.
For example, I only noticed the three gates/fortress toward the Eyrie when I actually paused the imaged and looked at it properly.
120	Lord Godric	2011-05-17	Nit. Pick.
121	Jojen	2011-05-17	Renly. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
122	Damocles	2011-05-18	It was pretty goofy turning Renly from a believable and interesting character into a mincing stereotype. As if HBO just doesn't know how to have a gay character in their series without them being gay.
123	JaqenH'gar	2011-05-18	Well, my biggest issue was the Mountain Tribe combat scene.
Yes, it's nit-picky. I know.
However, when one of the mountain men took a swing at Lady Stark, and one of her men stepped in to block it... their swords totally slipped off one another.
If it were a real combat, the wildman would have kept on with the swing, putting a rather sizeable fissure in Catelyn's Skull. Goodbye Lady Stark.
Ah well. In general the combat feels slow and obviously choreographed rather than some of the more fluid scenes in other shows/films. I suppose I can't complain too much since they ARE actually showing the combat, instead of that "Shaky camera switching viewpoints every two seconds to focus on a bunch of torsos at very close distances and metal clangy noises/grunts so it sounds like combat, but you can't actually see any" bullshit.
					
					
							Edited by JaqenH'gar, 18 May 2011 - 03:22 AM.
124	LordTherion	2011-05-18	As for me, if Ser Warpechowski didn't point out the dungeon bars and Arya.. that would have been something I had missed. 
But in the Ned-Jaime-Fighting scene it was SO obvious to me even the first time watching.. they just lie REALLY wrong considering the first angle from above. If not the director himself.. shouldn't at least the actors remember where they were placed? /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Try to look closely the next time you watch that episode /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> 
That "Renly" one was great /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I also feel kinda disappointed with what we got from HBO for his character - Do I recall correctly.. even the actor, Gethin Anthony himself, WANTED a long black wig and no beard? Just why do it that way then?
Edit: Cat gets HIT on the head by a stone (!) in the Mountain tribe scene, which just bounces of her head like the fake it is /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> (immediatly after she unties Tyrion). Priceless.
					
					
							Edited by LordTherion, 18 May 2011 - 08:10 AM.
125	LordTherion	2011-05-18	Here you have two pics for a comparison of the scene (sorry for the quality; they're form my oldtimer handy-cam):http://datamexx.onli...Kg&e=1305727520http://datamexx.onli...iw&e=1305727520
(hope it works..)
					
					
							Edited by LordTherion, 18 May 2011 - 08:54 AM.
126	ser_nerdick	2011-05-18	As for me, if Ser Warpechowski didn't point out the dungeon bars and Arya.. that would have been something I had missed. For me it was the opposite. I didn't notice the body placement in the final scene. I'll have to rewatch that. But the dungeon bars, oh gods the dungeon bars! Arya could have dragged that entire dragon skull through the width of those bars. Instead she tries the lock and then scurries off through some sort of dirty drainage hole to the shore.I think I actually facepalmed when I saw her run back from the gate on my first viewing.
127	iheartseverus	2011-05-18	I think I actually facepalmed when I saw her run back from the gate on my first viewing.I actually burst out laughing.  Hell, I could have fit through those bars, and I'm about 10 times Ayra's size...
128	ser_nerdick	2011-05-18	Another (nit-picky to be sure) goof that someone else pointed out: when Theon "withdraws" from Roz, he is very flaccid. He goes from pounding away at her doggy style to flaccid as a wet noodle in .5 seconds.There is a question as to whether he climaxed or not, but the sex seemed to be much too energetic for him to be floppy that soon after if he was just taking a break. And if he did climax, the transition to flaccid and chatty was far too quick.Not that I'm asking for 30 long seconds of Theon's "O face".
129	LordTherion	2011-05-18	He goes from pounding away at her doggy style to flaccid as a wet noodle in .5 seconds./biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
130	Brienne the Beauty	2011-05-18	The impassible dungeon bars being obviously way wider than Maisie Williams for example?This was glaring. My husband and I laughed at this one.
131	Dihm	2011-05-18	I didn't give it careful repeat viewing, but during the fight with the Mountain Tribes, Bronn basically rests his sword across a guy's back gently, then it cuts to a different angle and the guy is spurting blood as Bronn disengages.  I guess his sword is really sharp and he did a draw cut as he pulled back?
132	Greylander	2011-05-18	Wow, the picked nits sure are flying.
It's all well and good to notice and have fun pointing out such continuity errors.
But if you find yourself saying how obvious/easy it "should" have been to avoid or correct those errors... that stems of a lack of understanding what goes on on the production set.
They only have so much time and money to shoot, reshoot any scene.  The priorities are to get the story, lines, and characterization right -- to get the drama (or the comedy) right.  Then there are issues of lighting, camera angles, and so forth.  Everyone on the set tries to preserve continuity -- actors playing dead bodies no doubt try to be in same position for each shot, prop people try to position props and redress the set to match, but if in later shots they found they needed people in a different position, they do not necessarily have the time/money to go back and re-shoot earlier shots to exactly match.
The placement of dead bodies in the Ned/Jaime scene is something you only notice by chance, because you normally will be focused on Ned and Jaime (and on Jory before he dies and becomes just another body on the set).  I guarantee every movie or tv show you have seen is chock full of these kinds of continuity errors, and you have not noticed 99% of them.  
About Arya & the bars:  if you pay attention, the gate with the bars is *not* the way she came from.  Varys & Illyrio went the way she came from, so she wanted to go a different way.  She did not necessarily need or want to go through the gate, so we can suppose that the lock gave her just enough pause that she decided to go down the stairs instead.  Even if she did need to get through the gate, we can imagine she was in a rather panicked state of mind, upon hearing someone talk about murdering her father -- not exactly thinking clearly.  Still it looks a little odd... and I'm sure someone noticed at some point... but building/purchasing the gate probably fell the a minor props/set person, and it probably was not obvious that she couldn't slip through until they went to shoot the scene... at which point is is not time or cost effective to fix it.
133	ser_nerdick	2011-05-18	About Arya & the bars:  if you pay attention, the gate with the bars is *not* the way she came from.  Varys & Illyrio went the way she came from, so she wanted to go a different way.  She did not necessarily need or want to go through the gate, so we can suppose that the lock gave her just enough pause that she decided to go down the stairs instead.  Even if she did need to get through the gate, we can imagine she was in a rather panicked state of mind, upon hearing someone talk about murdering her father -- not exactly thinking clearly.  Still it looks a little odd... and I'm sure someone noticed at some point... but building/purchasing the gate probably fell the a minor props/set person, and it probably was not obvious that she couldn't slip through until they went to shoot the scene... at which point is is not time or cost effective to fix it.Oh come on... seriously? This is Arya, who is supposed to be running around the castle trying to be nimble enough to catch cats. Why would the lock give her a moment's pause when there is a huge freaking gap between the bars she could just squeeze walk through?I'm ok with chalking up these errors due to budget constraints, but it also demonstrates sloppiness of the production. If you have budget constraints, you have to avoid huge battle scenes, flashbacks, etc... you hope that the audience doesn't notice their absence because of the story and acting and such. You don't want the audience to notice budget constraints because of sloppy little (but glaring) prop mistakes.
134	LordTherion	2011-05-18	Greylander, that was a well-written and -explained summary of work behind the camera. Thanks for that! Sure there were some thoughts I did not think of when writing down my "discovery". /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But, honestly, in one point I am not convinced: In my opinion there is absolutely no need to let Ned collapse between Jory and his victims (for he is fighting Jaime somewhere far off of his later place of being backstabbed) - and why couldn't Jaime just ride through a gap in the line of dead Lannister guardsmen? Does he really need 2 meters of open space left and right for it (and the guardsmen-line arranged as a pile)? Don't get me wrong, I fear that now it's really going to get nit picking, but.. the scenery is *so* extremely changed that for me there is really no excuse of lack of time, reshots etc. As you've stated, there can be much fun in accidently discovering goofs and I really don't look out for them on purpose 'cause that ruins the feeling and flow and thus being drawn into a movie/series - but this particular goof/coping with eventual production issues ruined the scene for me. (I hope I was able to explain that properly - I'm not a native speaker.. ^^)
135	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-18	I think I actually facepalmed when I saw her run back from the gate on my first viewing.If I'd remembered that facepalming was a thing people do in response to epic failez, I woulda done so here. I suppose I did an inner facepalm.Not that I'm asking for 30 long seconds of Theon's "O face".You owe me a new shirt. Thankfully it didn't quite reach the keyboard.I've certainly mentioned the lack of post-coital turgidity in that scene a couple of times already. I understand that TV producers can't/won't show schlongs in their excited state. But if producers are determined to maintain that policy then don't show the appendage immediately pre or post coital. Simple really.I'm getting a bit tired of the doggy-style fixation in this show. Variety is the spice of life people. The director needs to watch a season of Spartacus before starting to film the sex scenes for season 2.
136	LordTherion	2011-05-18	And there goes the niveau.. from goofs to Theon's little kraken /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
137	The Bastard King	2011-05-18	Does any of that really matter? In the heat of the moment none of the viewers are going to notice that anyway.
138	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-18	Does any of that really matter? In the heat of the moment none of the viewers are going to notice that anyway.Are you talking about Theon's lesser tenticle or the placement of the bodies at the Ned/Jaime fight?
139	Morrigan	2011-05-18	I agree with Bastard King. I did notice Arya being skinny enough to squeeze through the bars and smiled but it wasn't a big deal to even mention it, and  barely noticed Theon's "tentacle" (LOL) myself, I swear some people are just... fixated. Noticing that he's flaccid is one thing, but that he's not "wet" enough? Christ, how does one notice that without pausing and rewinding? Obsessed much? I certainly didn't notice the placement of the bodies either...
140	ser_nerdick	2011-05-19	Does any of that really matter? In the heat of the moment none of the viewers are going to notice that anyway.Well, obviously some viewers noticed the various goofs. Hence this topic. For some of the nitpickier points you are probably correct that the vast majority of the viewing audience would not notice, but I can't imagine anyone wouldn't notice the Arya dungeon bars goof. It was so ridiculously obvious, especially given the angle of the camera.
141	Carldog	2011-05-19	Yeah, old Theon can't keep it up long, that much is clear.
Worst goof I've noticed is this:  Jamie says "take him alive (Ned) kill his men.".  Then the fight takes place, Ned gets stabbed and falls to the ground.   Jamie and his men ride/walk off and leave Ned.  It seemed to me that "take him alive" means Ned was intended to be a captive.  
Enjoyed the secne, however.
142	LordTherion	2011-05-19	Yeah, Jaime should've gone with something like "...but Lord Stark is mine (to deal with)." 
For me the best one will always be when Cat gets HIT on the head by a stone (!) in the Mountain tribe scene, which just bounces of her head like the fake it is and she doesn't even care (immediatly after she unties Tyrion). Priceless /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
143	Thefalconemperor	2011-05-19	I thing you guys are being a bit too picky even for internet enthusiasts. Most people didn't even notice it, so it's alright.
As for being sloppiness of the production, keep in mind that it's another series by HBO (very good so far, by the way) and not the oh-so-speshul rendering of your beloved books. No one really cares if you are whining about Renly having a beard or not.
PS. Arya could have been so scared as to not even notice she could have slipped through for instance - such stuff happens in real life, from time to time.
					
					
							Edited by Thefalconemperor, 19 May 2011 - 12:44 PM.
144	Cereal Forel	2011-05-19	Well, obviously some viewers noticed the various goofs. Hence this topic. For some of the nitpickier points you are probably correct that the vast majority of the viewing audience would not notice, but I can't imagine anyone wouldn't notice the Arya dungeon bars goof. It was so ridiculously obvious, especially given the angle of the camera.It's not that we didn't notice, it's that we didn't care.
145	ser_nerdick	2011-05-19	It's not that we didn't notice, it's that we didn't care.Cool! I'm sure some people on here wouldn't care if there was a scene where Varys was texting on an ipod in the background. "Nitpicking!!! Just because Varys doesn't have an ipod in the books doesn't mean it doesn't fit in with the tv storyline. Besides, the budget constraints don't allow the actor to confine all his texting to off camera, and they couldn't afford to re-shoot that scene."I'm not losing sleep over it, but I think it would be a stronger production if there weren't obvious goofs like the dungeon bars thing. /shrug
146	wandarah	2011-05-19	I'm ok with chalking up these errors due to budget constraints, but it also demonstrates sloppiness of the production. Yeah dude, the production values on this show are at an all time low.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
147	Eve	2011-05-19	I'm getting a bit tired of the doggy-style fixation in this show. Variety is the spice of life people. The director needs to watch a season of Spartacus before starting to film the sex scenes for season 2.Thank you!  Last episode I found myself thinking..."doggy...AGAIN??"
					
					
							Edited by Eve, 19 May 2011 - 09:01 PM.
148	Abaddon	2011-05-19	Cool! I'm sure some people on here wouldn't care if there was a scene where Varys was texting on an ipod in the background.Hey, that's a great idea!  Can someone get ahild of B.Cogman so we can pitch this to him?  I bet he's going to love it!
149	Maester Cressan	2011-05-19	I noticed the dungeon bars, and the bodies, though I didn't know what was wrong with the bodies.
The bar thing though- really they should have had Arya slip through the bars- after all we have no idea where she's going or how it connects with the outside.  In fact that would have made it all the more clear that Varys has a secret way outside.
150	Maester Cressan	2011-05-19	Hey, that's a great idea!  Can someone get ahild of B.Cogman so we can pitch this to him?  I bet he's going to love it!So that's what he means by "little birds"!Varys is using his iPod to spy on all of Westros.
151	Lord of Brewtown	2011-05-19	I thought the placement of the bodies looked wrong, but I wasn't sure -  I didn't notice the bars & Arya though.  Yeah, this stuff is little/meaningless for the most part, but I still love it when people point these things out (like in Braveheart, when Mel Gibson is charging with sword in hand, cut, cut back and the sword is on his back, cut, and it's in hand again)
152	Civfan	2011-05-20	Thank you!  Last episode I found myself thinking..."doggy...AGAIN??"I wouldn't think it's a problem, except they made a point of saying Dothraki do that every time.  Implying everybody else has heard of a few other ways.  Roz isn't of a 'pleasurehouse of lys' but she should still know a few more tricks.  It just seems like the sort of subtle thing that would separate westeros from, uh, easteros.  And it'd make Dany's scene with Drogo a little more meaningful/symbolic.
153	Rand	2011-05-20	Greylander, that was a well-written and -explained summary of work behind the camera. Thanks for that! Sure there were some thoughts I did not think of when writing down my "discovery". /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But, honestly, in one point I am not convinced: In my opinion there is absolutely no need to let Ned collapse between Jory and his victims (for he is fighting Jaime somewhere far off of his later place of being backstabbed) - and why couldn't Jaime just ride through a gap in the line of dead Lannister guardsmen? Does he really need 2 meters of open space left and right for it (and the guardsmen-line arranged as a pile)? Don't get me wrong, I fear that now it's really going to get nit picking, but.. the scenery is *so* extremely changed that for me there is really no excuse of lack of time, reshots etc. As you've stated, there can be much fun in accidently discovering goofs and I really don't look out for them on purpose 'cause that ruins the feeling and flow and thus being drawn into a movie/series - but this particular goof/coping with eventual production issues ruined the scene for me. (I hope I was able to explain that properly - I'm not a native speaker.. ^^)If I'm an actor I certainly wouldn't want to be lying 'dead' within 1 meter of a moving horse.  Even well trained horses are still animals with minds of their own, best to keep the bodies clear so nothing gets stepped on.  Anyways, for other things not mentioned it seemed like Lysa's dress slipped itself back up over her shoulder on its own after she finished breast feeding her baby Robin.  The screen cuts away for a few seconds to a distant side view and when it's back she's fully clothed, having made no motion to do so.  Also, if she had been breast feeding her baby for years it's unlikely she'd have a perfectly shaped breast/nipple.  These inconsistencies I tell yeah!
154	Civfan	2011-05-20	Also, if she had been breast feeding her baby for years it's unlikely she'd have a perfectly shaped breast/nipple.  These inconsistencies I tell yeah!That's a good point.  And HBO usually pays such close attention to that.. subject matter.
155	ser_nerdick	2011-05-20	So that's what he means by "little birds"!Varys is using his iPod to spy on all of Westros."I have many little birds Littlefinger, as well as google earth, and the 3g reception in King's Landing is excellent."
156	Aoife	2011-05-20	Many little angry birds!
157	Linda	2011-05-20	In some cases, it almost seems as if lines were written and then the action didn't necessarily match up. Such as in the command to take Ned alive, or why not (my personal favourite) where its said that Robert's little bastard has his black hair... Except the baby is totally bald.
158	Leofric	2011-05-20	Thank you!  Last episode I found myself thinking..."doggy...AGAIN??"I assume they just doing it that way because it's easier to have a conversation that way during sex and you can see both actors faces during their dialogue without having to keep switching camera angles, otherwise you have to have a longer scene, first showing the sex, then having them kick back with a smoke and talk politics.
159	Xenophon	2011-05-20	In some cases, it almost seems as if lines were written and then the action didn't necessarily match up. Such as in the command to take Ned alive, or why not (my personal favourite) where its said that Robert's little bastard has his black hair... Except the baby is totally bald.No, look closely--that kid has hair.  It's more like fuzz, but it clearly has dark hair.  You can see it best in the beginning of the scene when the camera zooms in.What I don't understand is why Arya didn't just go back out the way she came.  She didn't come in via the door with with bars.  Varys unlocks it when he and Illyrio enter the room and locks it behind them.  She entered via the staircase on the other side of the room--the one Varys and Illyrio use to exit.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 20 May 2011 - 05:37 PM.
160	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-20	No, look closely--that kid has hair.  It's more like fuzz, but it clearly has dark hair.  You can see it best in the beginning of the scene when the camera zooms in.What I don't understand is why Arya didn't just go back out the way she came.  She didn't come in via the door with with bars.  Varys unlocks it when he and Illyrio enter the room and locks it behind them.  She entered via the staircase on the other side of the room--the one Varys and Illyrio use to exit.Arya probably just panicked after hearing people talking about killing her father.
161	Rand	2011-05-20	Arya probably just panicked after hearing people talking about killing her father.I doubt the script read "Arya panics after hearing some strange men conspiring to kill her father and panics, missing the obvious gaps between the bars she could escape through but instead turns around and proceeds deeper into the dungeons".  Especially when in the original source material she really was locked in.  You can invent some rational behind it if you want, but this really is just a simple case of the set piece not matching up entirely with the script. And by the time anyone notices it's too late/expensive to change it.
162	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-20	I doubt the script read "Arya panics after hearing some strange men conspiring to kill her father and panics, missing the obvious gaps between the bars she could escape through but instead turns around and proceeds deeper into the dungeons".  Especially when in the original source material she really was locked in.  You can invent some rational behind it if you want, but this really is just a simple case of the set piece not matching up entirely with the script. And by the time anyone notices it's too late/expensive to change it.I suggest you read the entire post, including the quote. I was responding to why she didn't leave the way she came, not about the bars.But to comment on your point, if I didn't try to find a rationale for the scene I would be a poor viewer.
163	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-20	Yeah, old Theon can't keep it up long, that much is clear.Worst goof I've noticed is this:  Jamie says "take him alive (Ned) kill his men.".  Then the fight takes place, Ned gets stabbed and falls to the ground.   Jamie and his men ride/walk off and leave Ned.  It seemed to me that "take him alive" means Ned was intended to be a captive.  Enjoyed the secne, however.Lol, had not noticed that. Jaime killed NedÂ´s men as punishment and as a warning, not to get him alive.
164	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-20	If I'm an actor I certainly wouldn't want to be lying 'dead' within 1 meter of a moving horse.  Even well trained horses are still animals with minds of their own, best to keep the bodies clear so nothing gets stepped on.  Anyways, for other things not mentioned it seemed like Lysa's dress slipped itself back up over her shoulder on its own after she finished breast feeding her baby Robin.  The screen cuts away for a few seconds to a distant side view and when it's back she's fully clothed, having made no motion to do so.  Also, if she had been breast feeding her baby for years it's unlikely she'd have a perfectly shaped breast/nipple.  These inconsistencies I tell yeah!Lysa learned how to do this with this girl below:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=IBI0AwJfjzYIn some cases, it almost seems as if lines were written and then the action didn't necessarily match up. Such as in the command to take Ned alive, or why not (my personal favourite) where its said that Robert's little bastard has his black hair... Except the baby is totally bald.Oh yeah, I noticed that about the baby too. Come on, the kid doesnt have one hair in his entire head.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 20 May 2011 - 09:02 PM.
165	Greylander	2011-05-20	Oh come on... seriously? This is Arya, who is supposed to be running around the castle trying to be nimble enough to catch cats. Why would the lock give her a moment's pause when there is a huge freaking gap between the bars she could just squeeze walk through?I'm ok with chalking up these errors due to budget constraints, but it also demonstrates sloppiness of the production. If you have budget constraints, you have to avoid huge battle scenes, flashbacks, etc... you hope that the audience doesn't notice their absence because of the story and acting and such. You don't want the audience to notice budget constraints because of sloppy little (but glaring) prop mistakes.Does it look a bit odd?  Yes.  Especially if you think she *needs* or even *wants* to go that way.  But she doesn't, necessarily.  She just heard them talk about killing her father.  She is not exploring or chasing cats anymore.  She is now just a frightened little girl.  She comes out of the skull and needs to decide which way to go...... and actually if you think about it more... if there was a good way out through the gate... why would it be locked here?  The point is, she did not *need* to go that way.  So it is entirely possible that she realized she could, but ended up choosing not to for other reasons.  It would be quite a different thing, if, for example, she were being chased, and thru that gate was the best or only way for her to go, but she then did not slip through the bars.It is a minor visual gaff at worst.  More than likely they intended to "fis it in post" by digitally adding extra bars, but... time... budget... (no matter how big a budget they had, it was finite, and I'm sure they spent every penny... maybe they ended up needing to spend more on the dragons than they thought, and this got dropped from bottom of the priorities list).  Let's face it, if they get the dragons "wrong" that would be far worst than this "gaff" -- especially considering that there *is* a plausible explanation.
166	Xenophon	2011-05-20	Oh yeah, I noticed that about the baby too. Come on, the kid doesnt have one hair in his entire head.Y'all need to hang out with more babies, and/or turn up the brightness on your TVs.  That baby has hair.  Not much, but enough to tell it's brown.
167	ser_nerdick	2011-05-20	The point is, she did not *need* to go that way.  So it is entirely possible that she realized she could, but ended up choosing not to for other reasons.  It would be quite a different thing, if, for example, she were being chased, and thru that gate was the best or only way for her to go, but she then did not slip through the bars.Oh come now. She clearly wants to leave through the gate, but after pulling on the lock and finding it barred (and shaking it in frustration), decides to go the other direction. She ends up having to go far out of her way, emerging disheveled from some sort of drainage tunnel to the sea.It is a minor visual gaff at worst.  More than likely they intended to "fis it in post" by digitally adding extra bars, but... time... budget... (no matter how big a budget they had, it was finite, and I'm sure they spent every penny... maybe they ended up needing to spend more on the dragons than they thought, and this got dropped from bottom of the priorities list).  Let's face it, if they get the dragons "wrong" that would be far worst than this "gaff" --True.especially considering that there *is* a plausible explanation.No, there really isn't. Not considering the way the scene was shot. It was a minor gaff, there's no need to make up fantastical excuses.
168	Greylander	2011-05-20	Greylander, that was a well-written and -explained summary of work behind the camera. Thanks for that! Sure there were some thoughts I did not think of when writing down my "discovery". /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But, honestly, in one point I am not convinced: In my opinion there is absolutely no need to let Ned collapse between Jory and his victims (for he is fighting Jaime somewhere far off of his later place of being backstabbed) - and why couldn't Jaime just ride through a gap in the line of dead Lannister guardsmen? Does he really need 2 meters of open space left and right for it (and the guardsmen-line arranged as a pile)? Don't get me wrong, I fear that now it's really going to get nit picking, but.. the scenery is *so* extremely changed that for me there is really no excuse of lack of time, reshots etc. As you've stated, there can be much fun in accidently discovering goofs and I really don't look out for them on purpose 'cause that ruins the feeling and flow and thus being drawn into a movie/series - but this particular goof/coping with eventual production issues ruined the scene for me. (I hope I was able to explain that properly - I'm not a native speaker.. ^^)I watched it twice and never noticed this thing about the bodies (I did notice Arya/bars, but was not much bothered by it).  I very much doubt many people did notice it.  For all we know those men were wounded rather than dead and got up or a little bit when the camera wa not on them (unlikely, sure, but whatever).As to "why"?  Who knows.  That is my point about the complexity of shooting these things when it comes time on set.  If everything could be planned out perfectly beforehand, or if they could do unlimited reshoots after discovering a problem... but neither is possible.  Why they chose to place the actors where they did in eash shot/reshot?  Who knows... the director and photographer have many things to consider and gettign the "drama" right is most important.  Could Ned have fallen somewhere else?  Sure... but then where is the sun coming from... would it be in the lens?  For that matter, how easy is it to reposition the camera rig to get the necessary angles if we put Ned where you suggest?  Is there time for that?  Maybe they planned to have the horse step over the bodies, but found it was too hard for Coster-Waldau to handle, and *then* they did not have time to reshoot, or calm the horse down, or whatever.Why let something like this ruin the show for you?  The way I look at it, the show is a *representation* of the events in a story, no to to be regarded as if it were "footage of actual events" (so to speak), so minor continuity errors, when I notice them, do not bother me, unless somehow critical to the story.
169	Dorcas	2011-05-21	I was kind of bothered that Loras only shaved one of Renly's armpits - maybe not exactly a goof, but it stood out as odd to me. Maybe I'm just being pedantic though...
170	LordTherion	2011-05-21	Why let something like this ruin the show for you?  The way I look at it, the show is a *representation* of the events in a story, no to to be regarded as if it were "footage of actual events" (so to speak), so minor continuity errors, when I notice them, do not bother me, unless somehow critical to the story.I never said it ruined the show for me, I said it ruined the SCENE for me - maybe I'm just as pedantic as Dorcas here ( /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ), but hey - I just wanted to present that goof I found to you, not more /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
171	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-22	Definitely noticed the Arya/bars thing, Renly's one shaved underarm, and Bronn not cleaning his sword before sheathing it. Can't say I noticed the bit with Cat and the rock or the bodies in the Wolf vs. Lion scene, even after several viewings. I guess I have to start watching even closer!
172	Huan	2011-05-22	I was kind of bothered that Loras only shaved one of Renly's armpits - maybe not exactly a goof, but it stood out as odd to me. Maybe I'm just being pedantic though...I noticed this too... I guess they got distracted. /blush.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />
173	Ser Greguh	2011-05-22	The fallacy on display in this thread is that perfectly continuous footage is necessarily a positive trait.  It can be fun to point out "goofs" but pretending that fewer goofs necessarily translates to a better overall product is fallacious.  Cinema is shorthand.  For example if the bars in the dungeon are actually practical (i.e. too narrow for even a child to slip through) it becomes impossible to get a good picture and show the actress's face, which is more the point of the scene than the logistical details behind whether or not the character could actually pass through bars of that size.  Same goes with the body placement at the end of the KL fight.  You go for the placement that makes for the best layout of the final image, not for the placement that is most consistent with the preceding action.
174	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-22	Not a "goof", per se, but something else I just thought of: Thinking of the many more important characters they don't explain well enough, how the HELL do we get Mord's name before we even met him?
175	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-22	And on a related note, do you think they'll actually ever call Gregor "The Mountain THAT RIDES"?
176	GileanTheGrey	2011-05-25	And on a related note, do you think they'll actually ever call Gregor "The Mountain THAT RIDES"?To be fair, it's a lot more common in the books to use the shorthand "The Mountain". It would be nice to hear the full nickname once though.
177	Lord Mord	2011-05-29	All of these problems are frustrating, but I think the one of all that bothers me most is the re-characterization of Renly.  I just don't understand why they thought it was a good idea.  To tell the truth, even Loras's gamer attitude is not really in keeping.  After Renly's death, he's supposed to be basically laid waste emotionally, and I don't think this Loras is in that place.  Seems more of a user, and that's a total role reversal from the books.  Robert is a warrior while Renly is a politician, but in terms of selfishness, solid unblinking machismo, and sluttiness, they are quite alike.  Much as Robert might dote on a particular lady or whore, Renly has his Loras instead.To draw another distinction and to be fair, I believe that Renly is probably more centered on Loras in particular than Robert on any of his flings, but the young pretty knight is likewise a plaything amid several.As regards the stuff about the fight scenes, piss on that.  True, Bronn didn't clean his sword (and really should have), but the bit about the rock -- it did not "bounce harmlessly away" at all.  It dinged her, she barked out in pain, and it careened off at an appropriate angle for a stone that struck her so.Likewise, the bit about the bars, while something I myself had noticed and initially snickered at ... on the second watch, it's not as if she tries that door fiercely -- she's not invested in any one exit.  She runs up to the door because it's nearest, there's a lock, instinct tells her "no go", and so she turns to find an easier way out.  *shrugs*  What's so goofy about that?
					
					
							Edited by Lord Caspen, 29 May 2011 - 02:32 AM.
178	L0rdSn0w	2012-03-06	I dislike how they handled the whole scene.  The series continually tries to re-write the books.  They make the Stark household look like wimps. Ned and Jory, etc should've been mounted and pulled down eventually. Nothing in the book about a spear to the back of the leg, it was caught under a falling horse.  And Jory was acquitting himself handily before being overwhelmed.
179	7V3N	2012-03-07	I hated the King's Tower scene. Jon ignored the handle of the lantern and throws it and burns his hand. IIRC, in the books he grabs a flaming curtain and uses it whip-like to catch on to UnOthor. This scene made Jon look like an idiot who burned his hand because he was not smart enough to use a handle.
I also hated the scene where Drogo gets his wound. It makes it seem like he foolishly caused his own death. IIRC, the books have him take wound in the battle and he is missing a large chunk of his breast. The scene showed badass Drogo combat but the way he took the wound was foolish. They could have made the wound separate from his combat scene.
180	L0rdSn0w	2012-03-08	I hated the King's Tower scene. Jon ignored the handle of the lantern and throws it and burns his hand. IIRC, in the books he grabs a flaming curtain and uses it whip-like to catch on to UnOthor. This scene made Jon look like an idiot who burned his hand because he was not smart enough to use a handle.I also hated the scene where Drogo gets his wound. It makes it seem like he foolishly caused his own death. IIRC, the books have him take wound in the battle and he is missing a large chunk of his breast. The scene showed badass Drogo combat but the way he took the wound was foolish. They could have made the wound separate from his combat scene.Aye, and it seems like they tried to make it appear that Drogo gives his opponents a "first cut" like Strong Belwas did in the fighting pits of Mereen. Also, let's talk about Bronn vs Ser Vardis of the Vale.  In the book he clearly wears heavy plate armor and Bronn in contrast wears chainmail over boiled leather. In the TV version, both look about equally armored in either scale or studded leather.  This was a crucial part of Bronn's cunning, by going light vs a knight in full plate. Also they dueled in a garden with a marble statue of Alyssa in the center.  That's where Ser Vardis breaks his sword with a wild swing at Bronn. Nothing about a stupid trap door (that's not what the Moon Door looked like at all) and Vardis falling after the coup de grace.
181	7V3N	2012-03-08	Also, let's talk about Bronn vs Ser Vardis of the Vale.  In the book he clearly wears heavy plate armor and Bronn in contrast wears chainmail over boiled leather. In the TV version, both look about equally armored in either scale or studded leather.  This was a crucial part of Bronn's cunning, by going light vs a knight in full plate. Also they dueled in a garden with a marble statue of Alyssa in the center.  That's where Ser Vardis breaks his sword with a wild swing at Bronn. Nothing about a stupid trap door (that's not what the Moon Door looked like at all) and Vardis falling after the coup de grace.Also, (not as big of a deal) when Lysa asks Ser Vardis to "finish him" he gets a second wind and lands a good hit on Bronn and makes the fight seem not-so-close as it was before.
182	Lord Varys	2011-05-16	As Renly and Loras are portrayal more intimate in the series than in the books, that fact alone could motivate a discussion about them. But the really interesting thing in my opinion is that Loras is the more ambitious part in their relationship. In my opinion that makes really sense, and is likely how GRRM would have shown it, if he had ever shown us Renly/Loras closely. We should keep in mind that Renly is betraying both Robert's children and his brother Stannis when he is declaring himself King. As he is not really hating Stannis or his nephews, and is not even aware of the fact that they are not his nephews technically, this decision is a slap in the face of his family, and it would be highly unlikely that he made this decision mostly on his own. It had to come from the Tyrells (i.e. Loras) who most likely was more than a little turned on by the thought of being the gay Dragonknight to a good and decent King Renly.
And we should keep in mind that Stannis really has to be some kind of father substitute for Renly. Of course, he would have been a bad father, but it is confirmed that these two lived at least together at Storm's End during the Rebellion. Robert himself most likely spent not that much time with Renly, but Stannis' sense of duty should have really forced him to monitor Renly's upbringing as good as he could. From that POV, Renly crowning himself is really a slap in Stannis' face.
Anyway, I just think that Renly and Loras deserve their own thread.
183	Clariana	2011-05-16	I see your point.  My husband who hasn't read the books said "Loras is ambitious" and my reply is "Well you don't really know, because you don't see him up close in the books".  But yes, it may have happened just like that... Interesting to have GRR as a consultant.
184	Hyper	2011-05-16	I approve of them trying to setup Renly's ambitions better. There really wasn't much to explain it in the books. 
They are certainly doing some heavy foreshadowing with this and the Theon scenes for season 2.
185	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	I too agree on that it was very suitable to show Loras as the ambitious one that drives Renly to eventually want to claim the Iron Throne for himself. I don't have any problems with that their relationship is more in focus than in the book either. In the book there's no POV that would see that but their story is a very intriguing one, as well as bringing along very important events, so I support the decision to bring it to life.
186	brook	2011-05-16	I didn't mind seeing Loras as the ambitious one, it fits what we know about the Tyrells. I just wish they hadn't seen the need to make Renly the sissiest knight in Westeros.
187	TerraPrime	2011-05-16	I didn't mind seeing Loras as the ambitious one, it fits what we know about the Tyrells. I just wish they hadn't seen the need to make Renly the sissiest knight in Westeros.Yes, because the title Knight of Flowers is so masculine and badass macho... /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
188	Ran	2011-05-16	Loras is pretty masculine. Beauty and masculinity aren't really congruent.
But Renly's not a knight at all in the show, I think.
189	brook	2011-05-16	Yes, because the title Knight of Flowers is so masculine and badass macho... /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Sure but I can buy that tv Loras could still be a great fighter despite his less masculine traits. I have a hard time believing that tv Renly could convince anyone they should fight for him to be king.I just think they still could have shown Loras to be the ambitious one without making Renly afraid of blood.
190	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	Sure but I can buy that tv Loras could still be a great fighter despite his less masculine traits. I have a hard time believing that tv Renly could convince anyone they should fight for him to be king.I just think they still could have shown Loras to be the ambitious one without making Renly afraid of blood.I don't find it too hard to believe that people could be convinced to put Renly on the throne. We learn on the show that he's popular because he's kind and someone people like to be around (far more attractive traits for the commoners than valor in combat) and the only people he convinces that he should be king in the book are the people that have a ton to gain from having him on the throne (and just as in the show it might very well be they who convinced him) and that aren't very fond of the throne being in the grip of the Lannisters.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 16 May 2011 - 06:19 PM.
191	Damocles	2011-05-16	My opinion of Renly and Loras' portrayal is that it's awful. Unwatchably so. And what happened to Renly supposedly being the image of Robert in his glory?
192	Trebla	2011-05-16	Loras makes a good case on why Renly is a good choice: Joffrey is a monster, Tommen is too young, and Stannis has "the personality of a lobster".
193	King_Baratheon	2011-05-16	First off, I am grossly disappointed in the casting of Renly. He is supposed to look like a young robert, yet leaner and prettier. Also Renly wasn't a complete whiny wimp as he is portrayed so far in the show. So what if he's gay, he was still supposed to be a capable male character, not a wimpy whiner. Loras looked fine in his armor, but with his shirt off...the guy couldn't even lift a lance, let alone use one. I wouldn't have had any problem with the Loras on Renly scene if they didn't write Renly as such a milk-toast, and loras all of 115 pounds. Yes I know Loras was supposed to be thin, but you can still have some muscle and be thin.
Think about that Loras heading into dragonstone first. They wouldn't need to douse him in oil, they could just break his back with a poke from a stick.
194	brook	2011-05-16	Loras makes a good case on why Renly is a good choice: Joffrey is a monster, Tommen is too young, and Stannis has "the personality of a lobster".I think if I'd felt any hint of the Charisma that Renly is supposed to have I would have believed that, even if we'd actually seen evidence of the kindness that Loras says he has. I really hope that he gets a chance to display this in the next few episodes because right now I'm wondering how Stannis could possibly have a less inspiring personality than his little brother.
195	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	Just watched the episode and my only thought is that this scene was written so wrongly, and so unnecessary. Yeah, the Tyrells could have gotten Renly up to it. But Loras? Isn't he the one who sleeps with Ceresi after Jamie is gone? I remember reading that Renly might not be all that into guys, but... 
He's way too much of a wuss. VARYS has more balls than him.
196	Ser Luke	2011-05-16	Loras looks soft and weak. Not what I envisioned for someone who dismounted The Mountain. Oh well.
197	Ser Luke	2011-05-16	Just watched the episode and my only thought is that this scene was written so wrongly, and so unnecessary. Yeah, the Tyrells could have gotten Renly up to it. But Loras? Isn't he the one who sleeps with Ceresi after Jamie is gone? I remember reading that Renly might not be all that into guys, but... He's way too much of a wuss. VARYS has more balls than him.You should re-read the books!
198	redwinger	2011-05-16	I have no memory of Loras nor Renly being completely gay. Loras giving him a BJ was bullshit imo. Yeah both are wussy and I've read the books three times...i did not cone away with anything remotely like the scene that was portrayed. Total disappointed in our. Tyrion on the other hand was great as usual. I've got a complete crush on that imp
199	Xanrn	2011-05-16	Its bit hard to have Renly as Robert in his prime, when Robert is played by Mark Addy.
Renly looks like Mark Addy would if had ever had a prime.
Wonder how this will effect emo Loras with his what good is a candle when the sun has set.
Will he try and get into Joffreys pants? Jaimie? Stannis?!
200	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	You should re-read the books!Bah, I just remembered. (On my re-read now. Just finished book 1 again two days ago.) Either way I didn't see it going like that in my head. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
201	Ormond	2011-05-16	Just watched the episode and my only thought is that this scene was written so wrongly, and so unnecessary. Yeah, the Tyrells could have gotten Renly up to it. But Loras? Isn't he the one who sleeps with Ceresi after Jamie is gone? I remember reading that Renly might not be all that into guys, but... He's way too much of a wuss. VARYS has more balls than him.Rather than just being flippant like Ser Luke, I will point out to you that it was Cersei and Jaime's cousin Lancel who was the one who sleeps with Cersei, not Loras.
202	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-16	But Loras? Isn't he the one who sleeps with Ceresi after Jamie is gone? I remember reading that Renly might not be all that into guys, but... Dude. You are talking about Lancel, not Loras. Edit: Ormond beat me to it.  /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
					
					
							Edited by LugaJetBoyGirl, 16 May 2011 - 08:59 PM.
203	Trebla	2011-05-16	Loras looks soft and weak. Not what I envisioned for someone who dismounted The Mountain. Oh well.Jousting is about skill, not strength. It's why Dunk isn't a good tourney knight (yet) and why the Knight of the Laughing Tree (be it Lyanna or Howland Reed) could unhorse three knights.
204	Popgun	2011-05-16	After reading the series 3 times, my take on it was that Loras was gay and loved Renly but Renly didn't notice that Loras had a crush on him. I certainly didn't imagine Renly being a whimp although when I think about it there is no mention of him ever being in a fight, but I just thought that was because he was a "Knight of Summer". 
After Robert dies Renly offers Ned 100 men to strike and take the castle but Ned turns him down so Renly flees. I guess in reterospect it must have been the Tyrrels telling Renly to make a move.
Edit: Oh and just to add. In the books I also didn't pick up on Loras being politically savvy. I always pictured him as a youth who's main focus was to gain glory through battle and knightly deeds. The tv series is showing me the story from a totally new angle.
					
					
							Edited by Popgun, 16 May 2011 - 09:13 PM.
205	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	Dude. You are talking about Lancel, not Loras. Edit: Ormond beat me to it.  /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />Dude. My memory beat you all to it. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />Slowly, but still....Either way, I stand by the Varys masculinity comparison.
206	Rhonwyn	2011-05-16	I wasn't surprised with the gay line with Loras and Renly, afterall Loras had no memory of giving Sansa a rose nor did Margaery seem all that upset at Renly's death but then neither did Loras seem that upset.  It explains Loras' willingness to take the white cloak and the vow of celibacy.  It is easy to give up women when you don't really like them any way plus you don't have to have an heir.
207	StormbornBee	2011-05-16	After I watched this latest episode I was like "WHAT! NO WAY! THEY ARE NOT GAY!"  I've only read the series once, so naturally I haven't been able to pick up on the little nuances and things that go unnoticed on a first read.  After watching the episode, I googled "renly and loras gay?" and came up with a great little factoid sheet with quotes from the books that shows they were meant to be gay.  Here's the website:http://www.angelfire...lorasrenly.html
208	Xenophon	2011-05-16	I wasn't surprised with the gay line with Loras and Renly, afterall Loras had no memory of giving Sansa a rose nor did Margaery seem all that upset at Renly's death but then neither did Loras seem that upset.  It explains Loras' willingness to take the white cloak and the vow of celibacy.  It is easy to give up women when you don't really like them any way plus you don't have to have an heir.Welcome to the boards!That's a good point about him being willing to go celibate.  But Loras does get upset by Rnly's death--in fact, he goes on a killing spree, cutting down Renly's bodyguards for failing in their duty.
209	Mixta	2011-05-16	Dislike Renly as a wimp.  I felt he was always a bear (Always sunnny reference).
210	phoenix_rising	2011-05-16	Way too much gayness. If you have to "shout it out" with a scene like that it kinda looses  its revelation power that they are gay. That scene could have been 15 seconds. Watching Renly getting shaved and then getting a bj was a bunch of crap. 
   TONIGHT WE BROUGHT YOU CRAP....at least for 3 minutes
 rest of the episode was just as awesome as the first 4, so i cant complain more than that.
211	Hyper	2011-05-16	Ha, I saw this animated GIF on Twitter - I LOL'ed!  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> http://29.media.tumb...fv91lo1_500.gif
212	Ser Luke	2011-05-16	Jousting is about skill, not strength. It's why Dunk isn't a good tourney knight (yet) and why the Knight of the Laughing Tree (be it Lyanna or Howland Reed) could unhorse three knights.Okay maybe jousting requires more skill than strength, but melee certainly takes a good deal of stamina and strength. I'm just saying he doesn't look like he's in shape at all.
213	MountainThatRides	2011-05-17	I'm fine with them being gay, and I'm fine with a less subtle depiction of their relationship, but this scene just rankled me. It was wrong in so many ways; however, based on the show thus far, it seems like they're going to be making a lot of minor adjustments so long as the end result is the same, at least plot-wise. For example, Ned taking a spear to the leg instead of being trapped under a falling horse. The leg breaks either way.I have no problem with Loras or how he's depicted. He's supposed to look lithe and fair and feminine. Renly, on the other hand, is so different from the book version that it might as well be an entirely new character. He'll still fulfill his purpose in the plot -- which is to briefly be one of the five kings before Stannis Melisandres him -- but he's such a pussy. I could live with him looking different (i.e., not at all like Renly, who is supposed to be strapping, muscular and handsome) but he's just completely different.The shaving was weird, the idea of Loras as kingmaker was silly, and the slurping noises were completely unnecessary. The foley guys probably spent twelve hours perfecting dicksucking sound effects, so they just had to get them in there. Apart from this scene (and the slightly odd depiction of the Eyrie), I thought the episode was satisfying.
214	melicorn	2011-05-17	It makes sense to me that Loras would be more ambitious than Renly, but it feels wrong for Loras' ambitions to be of his own devising. I guess it's going to be a while before we get any more Tyrells in the show, but I wish there were some way they could show that Loras is under influences as much as he is influencing Renly.
215	Lone	2011-05-17	Hey all, new here. I want to echo a couple of complaints. One, there was no reason to make Renly so weak and squeamish a character. I feel that there is evidence to the contrary in the books. He did fight in tournaments and was known for it (even if he was not the most proficient warrior out there). Whether or not he had a taste for real battle, it's extremely difficult to believe that he was afraid of blood. If his bravado was all an act, there would have been some hint that it was all an act. 
Also, why do they have to be so kinky and over-the-top? I feel that that is a stereotype and is not at all "edgy," as I believe HBO is hoping it comes across. There's a tendency on TV to make gay characters physically weak and feminine. Why? Renly didn't need to have the wuss-factor to be convinced by Loras of his right to the throne. Also, if Loras had kept his shirt on, we wouldn't know that he has the body of a sea lion...
And then there's the fact that Loras is not at all the scheming type in the books. They did not hint at this, either. He was consumed with honor and glory in battle. Not politics. This didn't bother me nearly as much as what I felt was a transformation of Renly's character, though. If anything, he was narcissistic and magnetic in the books. In the show, he's just... bland and weak.
Anyways, it was disappointing, in more than a few ways.
216	lifefullofwords	2011-05-17	I have no memory of Loras nor Renly being completely gay. Loras giving him a BJ was bullshit imo. Yeah both are wussy and I've read the books three times...i did not cone away with anything remotely like the scene that was portrayed. Total disappointed in our. Tyrion on the other hand was great as usual. I've got a complete crush on that impIf you have no memory of Loras and Renly being gay then your weren't reading the books carefully. GRRM has said that it was supposed to be apparent that they are in a relationship. What do you think they were doing for hours in that tent the night before Renly died? Hint: not "praying." I assumed they were fucking so a BJ is actually a step down in sexual explicitness. It really wasn't much of a sex scene anyway compared to others we've seen this season, there was more lead-in than action. And as to their not being completely gay... why else does Renly show no interest in Margaery and Loras show no interest in Sansa? And both are also implied to be totally uninterested in women by other characters in the series. I seriously do not know how so many people missed this, even on a first read through the novel... I thought it was really obvious.
217	WordOf	2011-05-17	I don't pride myself on being the most astute of readers, so me missing it in first read may not count for much. I usually rely on subsequent read-throughs to pick up finer points and subtler hints.But if this thread is any indication, Renly-Loras being intimate was never very obvious. Several people confessed to missing it in the book, and more that it's definitely ambiguously described. It's a reasonable explanation that they're just very close friends, soul mates if you wish, but with no desires for carnal endeavors. A relationship need not be sexually consummated to be deep. I'm definitely taking issue with the show taking a massive dump on GRRM's light touch with their relationship. I think some vagueness, less explicit portrayals would do this show a lot of good.Other than that, the usual. Loras too soft to have been "training every day since i could hold a stick", which is a good decade. Fine, he can have an ectomorph build, be lean and willowy and offset it with agility and grace. But i simply refuse to believe that living, day after day a martial caste lifestyle will leave someone looking like that. I'm not asking for 300 spartan look, all tanned and shadowy definition drawn with a marker. There ought to be some middlegrounds here.I do like their decision to make Loras the voice of ambition though. Makes a lot more sense of Renly's coming decisions.
					
					
							Edited by WordOf, 17 May 2011 - 03:10 AM.
218	Ran	2011-05-17	Re: "Couldn't even hold a lance", Finn Jones actually trained with a genuine lance as part of his riding training, as they wanted him to be able to carry it convincingly. He also jousted, apparently, at least against some sort of quintain-type thing. He can hold and use one just fine, folks.I laughed when someone elsewhere suggested that Loras should have been more like Nicholas Clay, who played Lancelot in Excalibur, right after complaining about Loras's build... Obviously, someone ain't remembering Clay's nude scene very well. Guy was not buff. Great actor for the part, though.GRRM on homosexual characters:Renly is â<U+0080><U+009C>gay in the books, too,â<U+0080><U+009D> says George R.R. Martin, the author of the bestselling novels. But online chatter suggests that not every reader picked that fact up.â<U+0080><U+009C>I never meant to make it a mystery,â<U+0080><U+009D> Martin says. â<U+0080><U+009C>I like to handle things subtly. I couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t ever actually say, â<U+0080>such-and-such is gay,â<U+0080><U+0099> because, as Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure you know, the word wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t invented until the 60s. And Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m talking medieval times, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not going to say, â<U+0080>so-and-so is gay.â<U+0080><U+0099> But I thought it was pretty clear in context.â<U+0080><U+009D>As to "lots of money" for full creative control to D&D, that's the only way this would be made a series. As it is, their changes to Renly have their reasons -- clearer delineation of characters, plus a genuine questioning of Westeros's onerous cultural machismo. I would have loved to see the Renly that loved chivalry and pagentary, rode in the joust, etc., but given how little jousting was shown anyways for budgetary and time reasons, I suppose it's not really much of a loss. Episode 6:
	Spoiler Several facets of that scene come into play in the episode, when Renly and Robert are hunting. It's a good scene.

					
					
							Edited by Ran, 17 May 2011 - 04:46 AM.
219	felice	2011-05-17	Way too much gayness. If you have to "shout it out" with a scene like that it kinda looses  its revelation power that they are gay. That scene could have been 15 seconds. Watching Renly getting shaved and then getting a bj was a bunch of crap.Why should it be some kind of shocking revelation? It's no big deal. And it's not "shouted out" any more than all the heterosexual coupling going on in the show, eg Theon and the prostitute at the start of this episode which you say was "awesome".i simply refuse to believe that living, day after day a martial caste lifestyle will leave someone looking like that.Most of the available pool of actors have spent their lives practising their acting, not training for combat. You have to make some allowances for that!
220	Salome Sand Witch	2011-05-17	As I had said in another thread, my disappointment is particularly that the two were sniping at each other like old women!  I agree with others about Renly's character, and the fact that to me, Loras looked like he was 14.   /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> 
But for those who didn't realize the machinations of Loras... does no one remember Renly showing Ned a picture of Margaery Tyrell?  Renly asks him if she reminds Ned of anyone... clearly implying a hope that she looked like Lyanna.  It was also mentioned elsewhere that Renly (and by implication Loras through their relationship) were looking to supplant Cersei by getting Robert to fall in love with the Tyrell girl.  Of course, after Robert died and Renly fled, it was that same Tyrell girl that Renly married while proclaiming himself King.  I thought it was pretty clear from the beginning that the Tyrells were trying to get in there (and potentially Loras was instrumental in convincing Renly).  Although, I do believe their relationship was based in love.
221	Ran	2011-05-17	Yeah, but Loras's beautiful to Sansa because he is very young, and looks it. I don't think Finn looks at all like a 14-year-old, but regardless, Loras=young-looking should be something to praise in the casting.I do like their choice of putting a lot of the impetuous for the plot on Loras, pushing Renly, and doing it in large part just because he can, and because he'd like a war to fight in. I don't think that's how it actually was in the books, because in the books Renly is a lot more concerned about the Lannisters and couldn't countenance Joffrey on the throne anyways, but it's a perfectly reasonable take on things.
222	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	Why should it be some kind of shocking revelation? It's no big deal. And it's not "shouted out" any more than all the heterosexual coupling going on in the show, eg Theon and the prostitute at the start of this episode which you say was "awesome".Exactly. In context of how the heterosexual sex is just a couple of steps from being porn I actually laugh when I see people say that the homosexual parts were too explicit. It's so clear to see where these complaints really come from. As for the sounds, again we heard the exact same things in the first episode.
223	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-05-17	I always imagined Renly to be much more masculine than he is in the series. I mean, come on! Afraid of his own blood? Loras convincing him to take the crown for his own? But I still do like that Loras has a bigger role than he did in the book.
224	Ormond	2011-05-17	As I said on the main thread about the episode, I have mixed emotions on this issue.I can understand the desire to have the presentation of Loras and Renly's sexuality be more slowly revealed as it is in the books, as it does remove some of the fun of "figuring things out." And I agree that they are playing too much to modern gay stereotypes both by using the shaving of body hair and by showing Renly as being both thin and foppish. As was said on the main thread, Loras and Renly are a bit too much Abercrombie and Fitch models to be realistic for the medieval setting. And they could have shown just as much intimacy and trust by simply having Loras shaving Renly's neck and cheeks instead of his chest and armpits.On the other hand, it is a bit odd to be complaining about the Renly & Loras scene and NOT complaining about some of the other added "sex scenes" in the series. It would certainly be possible to impart the information that we got in the "Viserys and the slave girl in the bath" scene, or the "Theon and Roz" scene, without having the soft porn sex. But unfortunately, that's to be expected because this series is on HBO. It seems that HBO has a sexual titillation factor in most of their series and I suspect that the creators of Game of Thrones knew that they had to include such scenes in order for HBO to be happy. It's perhaps unfortunate that the definition of "adult" in visusal entertainment focuses so much on graphic sex, but that's the way it is. We just can't expect subtlety about any couple's sexual relationship in scenes where they are alone in this series.
225	smegma	2011-05-17	Ahh I didn't realize there was a thread devoted to Loras and Renly, so better to be posted here.Just to reiterate what I've said elsewhere: their scene was tame as all hell compared to many in the series. The shaving part was a nice touch, in my opinion, as there was an intimacy there that showed the level of trust and comfort with one another. There was even a line about how Loras wanted HIM and not just any other boy. These two are in a relationship, and for all the shittastic ones in the books, it was one of the more loving ones. I'm also glad there was no big reveal. It shouldn't be questionable or surprising that there exists gay people in this world, especially since the author intended it as such. With the exception of a few naive characters, EVERYONE in the book seemed to know it. The audience should as well. It will make the marriage of Renly and Margarey for political moves all that more apparent. The scene also introduces the Tyrells in a BIG "get noticed" kinda way, and set them up for their big power plays that occur later on. They are a huge part of the series and it's an interesting take to have Loras be their first "in". I actually really like that, and considering they were conspiring for Robert to marry Margarey it's not all far of a leap.I also think it's important to consider the context of these moves. The show is really hanging their hat on the "power plays" that each house is making. By showing these designs, it is setting up these characters and their families in the "game" and that everyone has designs on the throne - and taking different routes to get there. Renly's subsequent declaration and moves will all make more sense and have greater impact later on.Also, I think they really wanted to make Renly vastly different than his brother in a very obvious way. Loras plants those seeds in his head as to why Renly would be the best choice (and his aversion to blood, is imo, symbolic for this Renly's distaste of violence - this is not just a younger Robert). Anyway, I'm a big fan of Renly in the books, and I'm a total HBO apologist too so take all of that as you will. Also Gethin Anthony is super cute and my teenage daughter thought that Finn Jones was hot /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
226	Xxtayce	2011-05-17	I think the whole point behind Cersei's "There's no way Margary was a virgin... she was married to Renly!" was that the relationship between Loras/Renly was not as obvious to all of King's Landing as this thread makes it seem. If their relationship was more ambiguous - at least in the beginning - it would give Cersei's claims more weight. Renly was always like the anti-Stannis to me. Stannis is cold, non-politicial, too honorable, and overly unlikeable. This whole episode gives the impression that Renly was the wussy laughing stock of the entire kingdom. Being forced by Loras towards the crown gives him zero magnetism or charisma. Loras was the charismatic one in the relationship this way. This whole scene was just wrong to me.And as I mentioned elsewhere, it was equally as boring/worthless as the Viserys/Doreah bathtub scene. Both would have been much better with about ten minutes less of everything.
227	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	As I said on the main thread about the episode, I have mixed emotions on this issue.I can understand the desire to have the presentation of Loras and Renly's sexuality be more slowly revealed as it is in the books, as it does remove some of the fun of "figuring things out." And I agree that they are playing too much to modern gay stereotypes both by using the shaving of body hair and by showing Renly as being both thin and foppish. As was said on the main thread, Loras and Renly are a bit too much Abercrombie and Fitch models to be realistic for the medieval setting. And they could have shown just as much intimacy and trust by simply having Loras shaving Renly's neck and cheeks instead of his chest and armpits.On the other hand, it is a bit odd to be complaining about the Renly & Loras scene and NOT complaining about some of the other added "sex scenes" in the series. It would certainly be possible to impart the information that we got in the "Viserys and the slave girl in the bath" scene, or the "Theon and Roz" scene, without having the soft porn sex. But unfortunately, that's to be expected because this series is on HBO. It seems that HBO has a sexual titillation factor in most of their series and I suspect that the creators of Game of Thrones knew that they had to include such scenes in order for HBO to be happy. It's perhaps unfortunate that the definition of "adult" in visusal entertainment focuses so much on graphic sex, but that's the way it is. We just can't expect subtlety about any couple's sexual relationship in scenes where they are alone in this series.ASOAIF has more than medieval influences though and it's not just in the modern time that some people have shaved more than their faces.As for subtlety, it should be pretty logical to expect the same subtlety, or lack thereof, in sex as in violence. Showing graphic violence isn't really less cheap than showing graphic nudity (not that any of the two has to be cheap though).
228	Ormond	2011-05-17	As for subtlety, it should be pretty logical to expect the same subtlety, or lack thereof, in sex as in violence. Showing graphic violence isn't really less cheap than showing graphic nudity (not that any of the two has to be cheap though).I never meant to imply that I thought there was a difference in "cheapness" between sex and violence here.Unfortunately, American culture in general often doesn't agree with me or you on that issue.
229	WordOf	2011-05-17	I never got the feeling that Renly's sexual orientation was a matter of public knowledge. Despite GRRM saying he never intended to hide it, he also never made it very obvious. At least it was open to interpretation. The show takes a massive hammer and bolts it into your brain - here's how it is, eat it. 
As Xxtayce pointed out, if Renly being gay was the worst kept secret in the realms, Cersei's doubts as to Margaery's virginity would be laughed away or disregarded. While they didn't hold any great weight, it's still a very good point.
230	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	I never meant to imply that I thought there was a difference in "cheapness" between sex and violence here.Unfortunately, American culture in general often doesn't agree with me or you on that issue.I didn't really mean to say you implied it either. It was just meant as a continuation on what you said, although I could have made that clearer.
231	Ormond	2011-05-17	As Xxtayce pointed out, if Renly being gay was the worst kept secret in the realms, Cersei's doubts as to Margaery's virginity would be laughed away or disregarded. While they didn't hold any great weight, it's still a very good point.I don't think GRRM himself has necessarily thought this out clearly, but it really isn't a contradiction for people to know that Renly prefers other males and yet to believe that he would  have had sex with Margaery.Being gay does NOT mean that a man can't sexually perform with a woman if he really needs to. There are plenty of examples of gay men who have been heterosexually married and had kids in our own time. This would be even more likely in a world where, as GRRM himself has pointed out, there really was no conception of lifelong exclusive homosexual orientation as we understand it today.Most modern historians believe James I of England was gay, and he was able to father seven children with his wife, Anne of Denmark.So Cersei's belief about Margaery doesn't necessarily mean she didn't know Renly preferred males. It just may mean that she believes Renly would have done his duty as a royal husband and managed to consummate his marriage, anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Ormond, 17 May 2011 - 08:46 AM.
232	smegma	2011-05-17	Yeah not that I want to get into a debate about being gay, but it certainly doesn't preclude someone from having been married to a woman or even having children. Sexuality is a complex thing and there are tons of gay men out there that have fathered children - I know more than a few myself, and history has shown that to be the case as well. So Margery COULD have been deflowered by Renly, although perhaps it likely didn't happen. I wonder if we'll get to see maybe a conficted Loras and Renly in season two - knowing that Renly has to eventually do the deed, but not wanting him to or something like that.
233	Talleyrand	2011-05-17	I was fine with the scene and mostly ok with Loras' ambition but like others the portrayal of Renly annoyed me. I always got the feeling that the rest of the realm thought he was a ladies man because of the way he acted. I also thought that he was scared of blood or fighting.
234	Tyrionsnose	2011-05-17	Aside from the imagery of the scene, I really liked the dynamic they are setting up with Renly as a usurper being backed by the Tyrells.  It sets up early that the Tyrells have designs on a crown, yet another player in the GOT. 
Also, Littlefinger let it be known that he knows Renly's secret, further ingraining the image of LF as a much of a player in the espionage and spy game as Varys.
I think this scene will set up Loras's rage when Renly is killed.  It also sets up Renly approaching Ned about seizing the throne.
That said, I could have done w/o the sucking noise, same as the 1st episode.  We get it.
235	Abaddon	2011-05-17	As an aside, the only thing that took me aback in the R&L scene was that Renly was scheming to replace Robert.  I may have missed it in the books, but I thought Renly was very supportive of Robert, and it was only when Robert was removed from the picture that Renly's dynastic ambitions surfaced.If so, it's an interesting change from the books.  It's definitely supported by Renly's disgust with Robert, which I also don't recall from the books.Did I miss this or was it different?
236	Songstress	2011-05-17	I think the whole point behind Cersei's "There's no way Margary was a virgin... she was married to Renly!" was that the relationship between Loras/Renly was not as obvious to all of King's Landing as this thread makes it seem. If their relationship was more ambiguous - at least in the beginning - it would give Cersei's claims more weight. But the actual quote from Cersei in AFFC makes it clear she DID know Renly was gay:Mace Tyrell claimed his daughter was still virgin, but Cersei had her doubts. Joffrey had been murdered before he could bed the girl, but she had been wed to Renly first . . . A man may prefer the taste of hippocras, yet if you set a tankard of ale before him, he will quaff it quick enough. She must command Lord Varys to find out what he could.She just figured, as has already been stated, that Renly would "do his duty" and consummate the marriage, perhaps try to produce an heir if he's going to be king.  It was a reasonable assumption for her to make, even understanding Renly's preferences.  My brother is gay, but he was married twice and fathered 4 children before deciding to come out of the closet to our family.  The only real reason so many people were surprised by Renly and Loras is that neither of them was a POV character, so we never got into either of their heads or got to spend any "alone time" with them in the novels.  Their relationship was perceived as subtle because they weren't hanging on one another in public, and people didn't gossip about them incessantly as if it was something shocking.   However, I do agree that, while I like Gethin Anthony well enough, I'm not 100% behind the decision to change Renly from the book portrayal.  I'm enjoying the show too much to let that nit-pick ruin it for me, though.  And I do love the fact that they're setting up Renly's decision to claim the throne in ACOK.  It'll make so much more sense this way. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
237	Lord Varys	2011-05-17	I actually like this more insecure version of Renly, as this much more resembles how Renly is shown in AGoT, than the person he is supposed to be. Renly is best a tertiary character in AGoT (if we say the POVs are protagonists, and Viserys, Robert, Littlefinger, Cersei, and the like are secondary characters); he may be handsome, popular, and an average jouster, but that's not really important, as his dialogue and behavior is very much forgettable. He is cowardly yes-sayer on the Small Council, he's personality is not flashed out in detail by the author, and you are very much surprised when he declares himself King at the head of huge army, as the author did not tell us that House Tyrell is the strongest house in Westeros.
And GRRM made also mistakes when describing Renly in ACoK, which is also an indication that he did not think that much about this character. I don't mean the changed eye color (green to Baratheon blue), but the fact that Renly very much contradicts himself when he first considers his brother Stannis as an ally and is very much surprised by the siege of Storm's End, and then later reveals that he knew about Stannis own bid for the Iron Throne via Lord Tarly who received one of Stannis' letters (that's how Renly learned that Joffrey and his siblings are supposed to be bastards).
Portraying Renly as a strong and dashing guy in the series would somewhat contradict the feeling the readers of the books got of this character during their first read. Renly becomes only an interesting character on a second or third read, when you start thinking about what might have happened if Renly had not died, or acted differently when Robert died.
Renly being insecure and unexperienced as a warrior is also a good explanation why Tywin and Tyrion are going to see him as an rather insignificant threat in the second season, although his host outnumbers the Lannisters two to one.
Him being the little brother in the shadow of his two elder brothers is also a good motivation for his bid for the Iron Throne. As he was ignorant about the incest, he could very well have done this also to finally earn the approval of Stannis (and Robert's shade). This is making more sense than the 'Look, I am the Raingod' explanation we get in the books. There we are actually lead to believe by the character who knew Renly all his life (Maester Cressen) that he just declared himself King because he thought it would be fun.
Renly's popularity with the people should in the end be most evident when Garlan Tyrell as Renly's ghost kills people on the Blackwater. A guy who never did much/any killing in his life returning from death to save the rightful King would be really powerful symbol.
238	Tempra	2011-05-17	On the other hand, it is a bit odd to be complaining about the Renly & Loras scene and NOT complaining about some of the other added "sex scenes" in the series. It would certainly be possible to impart the information that we got in the "Viserys and the slave girl in the bath" scene, or the "Theon and Roz" scene, without having the soft porn sex. But unfortunately, that's to be expected because this series is on HBO. It seems that HBO has a sexual titillation factor in most of their series and I suspect that the creators of Game of Thrones knew that they had to include such scenes in order for HBO to be happy. It's perhaps unfortunate that the definition of "adult" in visusal entertainment focuses so much on graphic sex, but that's the way it is. We just can't expect subtlety about any couple's sexual relationship in scenes where they are alone in this series.Um people have complained quite a bit about other sex/nude scenes.  Does the "ass pan of doom" mean anything to you?Honestly, I would have prefered some straight up anal sex (as HBO does so well) to a cringe-inducing shaving scene.  That scene would be horrible regardless of the sexual orientation of the participants.  And the slurping sounds are just corny as hell.
239	silkymoonshine	2011-05-17	I think the whole point behind Cersei's "There's no way Margary was a virgin... she was married to Renly!" was that the relationship between Loras/Renly was not as obvious to all of King's Landing as this thread makes it seem. If their relationship was more ambiguous - at least in the beginning - it would give Cersei's claims more weight.Renly was a king. The war of the 5 kings was caused because Robert left no trueborn children. As Cat points out to Jeyne, the first thing that should be on Robb's mind was producing an heir. The Tyrells certainly know about Loras's homosexuality and his relationship with Renly, but they wanted to Margaery to be a queen and have one of their own to be king when the time comes. I don't think Cersei knew about Renly's sexuality (at least from what was in AFFC), but even if she knew, the Margaery and Renly marriage wasn't about about love or personal preference, they probably consummated their marriage - not because Renly was into her, but because he wanted to consolidate his alliance with the Tyrells and eventually produce an heir. Even if Cersei didn't know, pretty much everyone else did - Littlefinger, Varys, Stannis, Tyrion...And really, I don't understand the Margaery/Robert plot. To me, it only makes sense if Renly knew Cersei's children weren't Robert's. But if he didn't... what was he looking for? Either Margaery was going to be Robert's official mistress (and based on what the Tyrells want for her, I find it unlikely they would be content with that) or he wanted Robert to put Cersei aside and marry her. What then? Tywin wouldn't stand still at that and the Lannisters were at the time the most or second most powerful family in the kingdom.Back on topic: I don't like Loras's look. Renly is missing some of the charisma he has in the books, but maybe the actor hasn't had enough time to show it, but otherwise he is fine. The sex scene was rather tame (from what Ran had said, I thought it was going to be a lot more graphic. 
	Spoiler Unless there's another one?
) The fact that Loras was the one who put the idea of being king in Renly's head seems fitting, but, again, it makes little sense if they don't know Cersei's children aren't Robert's. Maybe they should have left that conversation to when Robert is dying, I don't know.
240	ZombieWife	2011-05-17	First off, I am grossly disappointed in the casting of Renly. He is supposed to look like a young robert, yet leaner and prettier. Also Renly wasn't a complete whiny wimp as he is portrayed so far in the show. So what if he's gay, he was still supposed to be a capable male character, not a wimpy whiner. Loras looked fine in his armor, but with his shirt off...the guy couldn't even lift a lance, let alone use one. I wouldn't have had any problem with the Loras on Renly scene if they didn't write Renly as such a milk-toast, and loras all of 115 pounds. Yes I know Loras was supposed to be thin, but you can still have some muscle and be thin.Think about that Loras heading into dragonstone first. They wouldn't need to douse him in oil, they could just break his back with a poke from a stick.I agree with some of the sentiment here, but not all.First, I'm a bit put off by Renly so far, but not because of the actor.  I think he looks like Addy, so no issue there.  But, they aren't giving Renly much to do . . . at.all.  There is no depth to him, nothing that makes me care for him as a television series character leading up to the Loras scene.  I feel like the actor is a good one, but he hasn't been loosed upon the audience yet to show us what he's made of.  Perhaps in season 2?I also agree that one can be thin and muscular.  Look at Alfie Allen.  Granted, he is a Greyjoy and he's been in Winterfell where the young men all have abs of steel and nice pecs.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
241	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	I approve of them trying to setup Renly's ambitions better. There really wasn't much to explain it in the books. They are certainly doing some heavy foreshadowing with this and the Theon scenes for season 2.I think they did it now and spent so much time on Theon because from now on too much will happen in KL and the dothraki horde that The Wall and Winterfell will probabily become less important.
242	Eloisa	2011-05-17	And as I mentioned elsewhere, it was equally as boring/worthless as the Viserys/Doreah bathtub scene. Both would have been much better with about ten minutes less of everything.The Viserys/Doreah scene went over a lot of information given in the books in Dany's inner introspection.  Having Viserys say it was probably the best way to put it in a TV show.
243	Starchaser	2011-05-17	Where does everyone get this heroic version of Renly from? I just started re-reading Clash of Kings again last night and in the prologue Stannis says (slightly paraphrased but accurate) 
"Renly is still a child. He sits in council and jests with Littlefinger and at tourneys he dons his splendid suit of armor and allows himself to be knocked off his horse by a better man."
In this case Stannis is a secondhand source, but he's a fair person and that coincides with how my imagination from my first two or three series reads interpreted Renly. I thought he had longer hair, but personality wise I was happy with HBO's characterization of him. I didn't appreciate the Renly/Loras scene but only because I loved the subtle hints at their relationship in the books.
244	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	First, I'm a bit put off by Renly so far, but not because of the actor.  I think he looks like Addy, so no issue there.  But, they aren't giving Renly much to do . . . at.all.  There is no depth to him, nothing that makes me care for him as a television series character leading up to the Loras scene.If anything he's doing less in the book though. Up until this part in the story he's mainly just cruising around and making jokes in the book, while in the show we've at least seen something else than his public front and gotten a build up to what's to come in the next season.
245	Xenophon	2011-05-17	Also, I think they really wanted to make Renly vastly different than his brother in a very obvious way. Loras plants those seeds in his head as to why Renly would be the best choice (and his aversion to blood, is imo, symbolic for this Renly's distaste of violence - this is not just a younger Robert). Yes, I hadn't noticed it before, but Robert says he wants to smell blood in his first scene of the episode.  So, they're really setting up a contrast between the two, with Renly being more gentle, but also seemingly more competent on the small council.  It adds another layer to the question of who would be better for the realm, which we mainly get from Varys.As an aside, the only thing that took me aback in the R&L scene was that Renly was scheming to replace Robert.  I may have missed it in the books, but I thought Renly was very supportive of Robert, and it was only when Robert was removed from the picture that Renly's dynastic ambitions surfaced.Is he actually scheming against Robert here?  I took it Loras was suggesting Renly seize power when Robert dies.  Everyone, including Robert himself, seems to assume that Robert will die young.
246	ZombieWife	2011-05-17	If anything he's doing less in the book though. Up until this part in the story he's mainly just cruising around and making jokes in the book, while in the show we've at least seen something else than his public front and gotten a build up to what's to come in the next season.True.  But, Jaime's part (for example) has been beefed up for book 1.As of now, I'm okay with everything, but I wouldn't mind seeing more depth to Renly.  If not, then next season.
247	Lord Varys	2011-05-17	There is no scheming in the Renly and Loras scene as of yet. Loras only wanted to convince that he could be a good King. That's not a plan to replace Robert, or to kill him. And I'm pretty sure Loras only aims at the time after Robert's death. That seems to be plain enough for me from the discussion of the line of succession. They mention Joffrey, Tommen, and Stannis, but not Robert himself. So Loras does not consider to get him out of the way as well. And Renly would never do that.
248	Lord Godric	2011-05-17	There is no scheming in the Renly and Loras scene as of yet. Loras only wanted to convince that he could be a good King. That's not a plan to replace Robert, or to kill him. And I'm pretty sure Loras only aims at the time after Robert's death. That seems to be plain enough for me from the discussion of the line of succession. They mention Joffrey, Tommen, and Stannis, but not Robert himself. So Loras does not consider to get him out of the way as well. And Renly would never do that.I think it was put in this episode only because Robert is wounded in the next episode.  And, assuming they keep Renly's plea to Eddard to grab power while he can, they needed to explain where Renly got this sudden lust for power from.  They also need to explain why he flees King's Landing for the safety of Highgarden and the Tyrells.
249	Xenophon	2011-05-17	I think it was put in this episode only because Robert is wounded in the next episode.  And, assuming they keep Renly's plea to Eddard to grab power while he can, they needed to explain where Renly got this sudden lust for power from.  They also need to explain why he flees King's Landing for the safety of Highgarden and the Tyrells.IIRC, Renly isn't trying to seize power himself at that point.  He wants Ned to take charge of Joffrey's education and try to make him into less of a monster.  He's mainly afraid of Cersei as Regent.Which, I guess is also foreshadowed here, since Renly is presented as someone who isn't ruthless enough to grab the throne for himself, yet cares about the good of the realm.  It will make his offer to support Ned much more interesting, though, since we'll be wondering how sincere his support for Ned really is, or if he's beginning a plot to put himself on the throne.
250	Isabella Stark	2011-05-17	Where does everyone get this heroic version of Renly from? I just started re-reading Clash of Kings again last night and in the prologue Stannis says (slightly paraphrased but accurate) "Renly is still a child. He sits in council and jests with Littlefinger and at tourneys he dons his splendid suit of armor and allows himself to be knocked off his horse by a better man."In this case Stannis is a secondhand source, but he's a fair person and that coincides with how my imagination from my first two or three series reads interpreted Renly. I thought he had longer hair, but personality wise I was happy with HBO's characterization of him. I didn't appreciate the Renly/Loras scene but only because I loved the subtle hints at their relationship in the books.Agreed.I am also rereading ACOK, and just read the part where Donal Noye describes the Baratheons: Robert is steel, Stannis is iron, and Renly is copper- pretty and shiny, but not that strong.I think tv-Renly is fine.  I don't believe that, in the books, we're supposed to view Renly as the most charismatic guy in the kingdom.  I think it's just that, among the people with a plausible claim to the throne, he's more appealing than the alternatives- Stannis or Joffrey (or Tommen).-
251	Lord Godric	2011-05-17	IIRC, Renly isn't trying to seize power himself at that point.  He wants Ned to take charge of Joffrey's education and try to make him into less of a monster.  He's mainly afraid of Cersei as Regent.Renly isn't trying to grab power for himself, no. But he wants Ned to round up the Lannister children and Cersei while the castle slept, and take control for himself.   He shows sudden ambition that, I think, needs to be explained to new viewers.  Also it needs to be explained why Renly fled the capital for Highgarden and what significance his marriage to Margaery and the Tyrells has.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 17 May 2011 - 01:40 PM.
252	Abaddon	2011-05-17	I guess it seems substantially different from the book portrayal to me because in the book by the time Renly declares himself King:1) Robert is dead, and2) Renly knows that all of "Robert's" children are in fact Jaime's.Therefore the only real claim to the throne better than Renly's is Stannis's.Here, as Renly objects, he's fourth in the line of succession, and there's no reason to think that Robert is going to die immediately, and even when he does, there are THREE CHILDREN who have a better claim to the throne (remember, female children come before male siblings in the books in Westeros, although that seems to be different in the TV show, so let's leave it at TWO).  It's pretty different to suggest that Renly should be King in this scenario compared to when he declares in the book.It's not a big deal, and one can reasonably suppose that musings were going on behind the scenes earlier.  However, it still makes me think that the TV show Renly is a tad bit less loyal to Robert and his (at this time supposed) nephews than the book Renly, with not a lot of textual evidence to support the latter conclusion admittedly.  I don't mind that change (if it is indeed a change), I'm just more curious about whether anyone sees it as different, like I do, or not.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 17 May 2011 - 02:29 PM.
253	banditry	2011-05-17	Exactly. In context of how the heterosexual sex is just a couple of steps from being porn I actually laugh when I see people say that the homosexual parts were too explicit. It's so clear to see where these complaints really come from. As for the sounds, again we heard the exact same things in the first episode.Agreed!  There have been some eye-opening statements on this thread.   "I have no problem with them being gay"...  well, good!  As a gay man, I have no problem with Jaime and Ned and all the others straight characters being straight.  "Too much gayness!!!"   LOL.   I suppose if I have to suffer through all the "straightness" and multitudes of sex scenes between men and women, a few seconds of gay sex isn't too much to ask ist it? Of course I'm being facetious - I don't mind the straight sex scenes at all - but it's illuminating how some folks respond to scenes like this.  Their gayness is 1) EXTREMELY OBVIOUS in the books, although it is true there are no explicit sex scenes (as we don't have their POV), and 2) Part of their personalities and an important part of the dynamic between 2 fairly major characters, and families.   I love the fact that it's being pushed to the forefront. I have some quibbles about Renly's portrayal.  That said, I think the actor playing him (even though he doesn't seem like Renly to me) is excellent.
254	Lord Varys	2011-05-17	Renly's offer to Ned seems to be in the series. I saw a glimpse of his 'Act, while there's time' line in a trailer. I'm pretty sure we are getting a new Renly-Loras scene after Ned declines the offer, and Loras convinces Renly do abandon Ned and go to Highgarden.
Abbadon,
neither Loras nor Renly know about the incest when Renly crowns himself. He only learns about it later on through one of Stannis' letters to Randyll Tarly when he feasts at Horn Hill. The chances are not that bad that both the book- and the series-Renly would have supported Ned and Stannis had he known about the incest. I'm quite sure that Renly did not want to fight against Ned.
255	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	I never got the feeling that Renly's sexual orientation was a matter of public knowledge. Despite GRRM saying he never intended to hide it, he also never made it very obvious. At least it was open to interpretation. The show takes a massive hammer and bolts it into your brain - here's how it is, eat it. Just because you failed to realize it hardly means it's "open to interpretation." It isn't. There are numerous passages in the book that indicate that Renly and Loras are gay and GRRM himself confirmed it. Pretty much every non-Stark character in the series knows it.Edit: Ah the mods got to it first, was just going to delete that portion.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 17 May 2011 - 03:28 PM.
256	Lone	2011-05-17	I just want to thank all of the people in this thread that aren't homophobes. I've been pretty impressed with the community here, especially in this topic. Unfortunately, there's always at least one scared, angry child to contend with.
EDIT: Guess I should stay on topic. I'm beginning to accept the Renly of the TV series, although I still think he's vastly different from the books. The main problem I have is that he doesn't have to be the opposite of Robert in order to be different. Renly struck me as a happy, magnanimous, self-assured person in the books (and yes, a willing participant in tournies), if a little shallow and one-dimensional. That is much different from Robert. No need for them to be complete opposites in every way... And yeah, he is way too Abercrombie. That adjective seems to fit perfectly.
					
					
							Edited by Lone, 17 May 2011 - 03:43 PM.
257	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-17	I actually kind of like that Renly is a bit squeamish about blood. It makes him a bit more interesting of a character to me than yet another male fighter-type.  He was never a particularly interesting character to me in the books even when I did finally clue in to the gay angle.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 17 May 2011 - 03:46 PM.
258	Skillet	2011-05-17	Good that they showed some Renly/Loras interaction. It helps set up future events, and I find that the deviations from the book make for more interesting viewing. Without questioning their acting ability (too early to tell) I feel that they are not the right actors for their parts, visually speaking. Finally, I think we could have done without slurping noises at the end of their scene.
259	xaraph	2011-05-17	I signed up just for this--when I first saw last nights episode, I thought, "WTF?" It seemed like the TV show was taking an awful lot of artistic license in breaking from the books.
Then I thought about it.  It really made me re-evaluate the books.  I've read them countless times and never picked up on any homosexual undertones between Renly and Loras.  But thinking back, it really seems like a strong possibility.  Like all the hints are there, just under the surface.  So in that light, I appreciate that the TV show is perhaps more overt with things that may be left unsaid in the books.  It certainly makes me appreciate Martin's gift for subtlety.
260	jlk7e	2011-05-17	I guess it seems substantially different from the book portrayal to me because in the book by the time Renly declares himself King:1) Robert is dead, and2) Renly knows that all of "Robert's" children are in fact Jaime's.The parley between Renly and Stannis makes it quite clear that Renly had no idea that Joffrey, Myrcella, and Tommen were bastards born of incest until he got Stannis's proclamation to that effect, well after he had proclaimed himself king.
261	Xxtayce	2011-05-17	So, on a re-watch, if Loras was all about Renly's smoothness, why leave the Happy Trail? And I could've done without the posterior fuzz on close-up. /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
262	Xenophon	2011-05-17	So, on a re-watch, if Loras was all about Renly's smoothness, why leave the Happy Trail? And I could've done without the posterior fuzz on close-up. /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />Also, why leave one armpit unshaved?  Loras evidently just couldn't resist Renly's charms any longer.  Either that, or they decided the scene was long enough as is /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
263	BearShin	2011-05-17	Loras and Renly are a bit too much Abercrombie and Fitch modelsI'm not sure about that. I believe that a male Abercrombie and Fitch model will have at some point in his life have lifted a weight.
264	CelticCail	2011-05-17	I just wish they hadn't seen the need to make Renly the sissiest knight in Westeros.Right???  I'm pissed enough about his (lack of) hair, you could at least make him less pathetic!
265	Abaddon	2011-05-17	The parley between Renly and Stannis makes it quite clear that Renly had no idea that Joffrey, Myrcella, and Tommen were bastards born of incest until he got Stannis's proclamation to that effect, well after he had proclaimed himself king.Ah ha, I had forgotten that.  Thanks for the reminder, that makes things a lot more similar than I was thinking.
266	Bran's 3rd Eye	2011-05-18	I was struck by three things when watching the "Loras gives Renly a BJ" scene...
1.  As has been previously stated, they made Renly far too effeminate.  I actually got a kick out Renly's casual arrogance in the books.  On TV, he's a whiny little &%*$#.
2.  I'm disappointed that GRRM has allowed the writing staff to change his subtle-as-a-breeze whispers about their relationship into a massive category 5 hurricane to the face.  The books were so well constructed...why mess with perfection?
3.  I think they have used this scene to set up another new scene down the road.  I expect we'll be bluntly shown that it was, in fact, Lady Olenna's scheming to have Loras "ride" Renly (insert joke here) into making his own claim for the throne.  She is just using Loras & Margaery as pawns in her own little Game of Thrones...though I imagine them being very willing participants.
267	ser_nerdick	2011-05-18	I'm not sure about that. I believe that a male Abercrombie and Fitch model will have at some point in his life have lifted a weight.ha!
268	ZombieWife	2011-05-18	I just want to thank all of the people in this thread that aren't homophobes. I've been pretty impressed with the community here, especially in this topic. Unfortunately, there's always at least one scared, angry child to contend with.EDIT: Guess I should stay on topic. I'm beginning to accept the Renly of the TV series, although I still think he's vastly different from the books. The main problem I have is that he doesn't have to be the opposite of Robert in order to be different. Renly struck me as a happy, magnanimous, self-assured person in the books (and yes, a willing participant in tournies), if a little shallow and one-dimensional. That is much different from Robert. No need for them to be complete opposites in every way... And yeah, he is way too Abercrombie. That adjective seems to fit perfectly.Perhaps this is off-topic from your post, but what you said brought this to the fore of my mind.I want desperately for Renly and Loras to be an awesome couple.  For me, gender isn't the issue here, it's that we haven't seen enough of these characters to really become invested in them yet.  I'm hoping this occurs more in season 2.  I have to admit that when I heard that Renly and Loras' relationship would be more obvious in the series, I was greatly looking forward to how they might portray that.  As of now, it's falling flat for me.My husband, who hasn't read the books, has no idea who Renly really is yet.  I had to tell him that Renly was Robert's younger brother and that the Knight of Flowers was the same guy who unseated the Mountain.  For me, as a reader of the books, I wanted more.  For my husband, who hasn't read the books, he has has no real grounding in these characters yet and could care less who they are.I can only hope that both characters get more screen time.  As of now, I fear they are coming across as just "some random male characters getting it on."  I want more substance.  Now, I do think that a previous poster pointed out that Renly and Loras don't actually DO a whole lot in book 1 to make them memorable.  I remembered Loras and Renly from book 1 simply because of the way Sansa described them.  And I think they brushed up against that when he paused to give Sansa a flower.  So, I'm hoping they get into these two characters more in season 2.  We all know that Renly doesn't have a lot of time in book 2 and I want him to have made a better impression by then (writing-wise, I think the actor is splendid!)  I think it was the scene they chose: one man grooming the other.  While the banter was fun (you want ALL the hair gone?) I was expecting a bit more passion from them than a blowj*b and some slurping noises.
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 18 May 2011 - 11:41 AM.
269	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-05-18	It`s funny. When I re-watched the episode I believed Renly and Loras to be truly in love with each other. Unlike Cersei and Jaime who are like some teenage boyfriend and girlfriend.
270	Morrigan	2011-05-18	And really, I don't understand the Margaery/Robert plot. To me, it only makes sense if Renly knew Cersei's children weren't Robert's. But if he didn't... what was he looking for? Either Margaery was going to be Robert's official mistress (and based on what the Tyrells want for her, I find it unlikely they would be content with that) or he wanted Robert to put Cersei aside and marry her. What then? Tywin wouldn't stand still at that and the Lannisters were at the time the most or second most powerful family in the kingdom.That's a good point. In the book Renly apparently didn't know about the incest, so his plot to introduce Margaery to Robert is... strange. Maybe he figured that if Robert set aside Cersei and married Margaery, Robert would have the combined powers of Storm's End, Highgarden, and Winterfell to stand against the Lannisters?The fact that Loras was the one who put the idea of being king in Renly's head seems fitting, but, again, it makes little sense if they don't know Cersei's children aren't Robert's. Maybe they should have left that conversation to when Robert is dying, I don't know.Well, in the TV series, Loras does say "Joffrey is a monster and Tommen is just a boy", or something (I forgot what he says about Stannis, if anything). It does not indicate that he knows Joffrey's a bastard, but apparently they despise Joffrey too much to want to keep him as king, I guess.and there's no reason to think that Robert is going to die immediately, and even when he does, there are THREE CHILDREN who have a better claim to the throne (remember, female children come before male siblings in the books in Westeros,Um. Are you really sure about that? I thought that outside of Dorne, females could only inherit if there are no males at all in the line of succession?The books were so well constructed...why mess with perfection?I know, right? Some changes are necessary for the TV format and for budget constraints, yes... but sometimes they just rewrote stuff for no apparent reason. As my boyfriend said, "GRRM is an award-winning author and one of the most respected in genre fiction, whereas D&D wrote Troy. Stop thinking you can write better than him, guys!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
271	Cereal Forel	2011-05-18	lol at the thought that his books could be adapted word for word  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
272	Morrigan	2011-05-18	That's not what I said. Nice try though.
273	Lord Godric	2011-05-18	That's not what I said. Nice try though.You are implying that David and Dan are somehow twisting Martin's work into something that it isn't.  When in actuality all they did was show us a scene that Martin only referenced.  This is not about D&D thinking they could surpass Martin's work or make it better, this is about translating a written medium into a visual one, and the best way to get information across in a TV show or a movie is toshow us, not tell us. Honestly I actually do think that D&D are improving the telling of the story with their additional scenes, especially for non-reading viewers.  With the Renly/Loras scene they are setting the stage for what Renly chooses to do once Robert dies.  Otherwise many viewers who haven't read the books would be confused about why Renly would try to take the throne away from his brother who is the rightful heir (when Loras tells Renly that people love him and Stannis has the personality of a lobster), and what significance being married into the Tyrell family holds (when Loras tells Renly that Highgarden has more gold than he does). So really I do not understand this idea that they are trying to change perfection.  Because first of all, they aren't trying to "write better than" Martin but are trying to tell the story through a different medium for different viewers.  I have always been bothered by people who want the books exactly translated onto the screen, because it is never going to happen, changes must be made. And second, so far, and especially in the latest episode, the additional scenes are examples of scenes that could absolutely have taken place in the books but we just didn't get the chance to see them.
274	FantasyFan	2011-05-18	In the books, either Renly and Loras are gay lovers, or else, their close friendship has caused a lot of dirty minded Westerosi to think they are gay lovers.   I have never doubted that that the gossip we read is correct.
Perhaps I am in error, but Loras was Renly's squire and probably a virgin when he first made love with his knight.   (Cercei is very worried about this happening between Loras and Tommen.)    While the implied Man/Boy relationship fits in with the heterosexual norm in Westeros, I really find it hard to believe that this could lead to the type of relationship presented by HBO.   Loras seemed too dominant to be the much younger former squire.
I also think they are being played as excessively feminine.   I always took them to be examples of masculine gay men.   Sure, Loras is almost too pretty to be a man, and given his youth in the books, he might not be too hairy, but I never took this to mean he was feminine.  
As has been mentioned before, Renly might be into fancy clothes, but the notion that he appeared much like a younger Robert always suggested a masculine-looking gay man.   
As for Loras being the source of Renly's political ambition--that is more credible.   We know that the Tyrell's are ambitious.   It is true that if Robert dumps Cersei for Margaery, that any  son would be number 3 in line--accidents happen.   Really, not just contrived ones.   And it could be that the Tyrell line would end up in power if Tommen or Joff failed to have children.   Of course, isn't it obvious that at least some of the Tyrell's are more than willing to make accidents happen.
Yes, using Loras' "in" with the royal family seems very plausible.  
While Renly is too much of a fop in the series, and Loras trying to get him to man-up is weird, doesn't at least some of what Loras said sound like the flattery of an amibitious "wife?"
One final thought.   As explained above, that Renly is gay was never reason to assume that he didn't consummate his marriage with Margaery.   I didn't believe Stannis.   I believed Renly.   I think Cersei was on the money.   I don't believe Mace -- what's a little lie when a grandchild might be on the Throne (or so he believes after being told by Olenna.)
					
					
							Edited by FantasyFan, 18 May 2011 - 07:58 PM.
275	Morrigan	2011-05-18	This is not about D&D thinking they could surpass Martin's work or make it better, this is about translating a written medium into a visual one, and the best way to get information across in a TV show or a movie is toshow us, not tell us. Because first of all, they aren't trying to "write better than" Martin but are trying to tell the story through a different medium for different viewers.  I have always been bothered by people who want the books exactly translated onto the screen, because it is never going to happen, changes must be made. And second, so far, and especially in the latest episode, the additional scenes are examples of scenes that could absolutely have taken place in the books but we just didn't get the chance to see them.*facepalm*Once again, I never said that all the changes are bad, or unnecessary. You're attacking a strawman here.But just because SOME changes are necessary for the TV format, doesn't mean that ALL the changes are good, let alone improvements. A lot of the scenes were kept mostly intact but with changes to the dialogue that are clearly not better than the original dialogue, for example. And many of the new scenes dragged on for too long or are pointless where more screen time could have been spent on more important or more interesting scenes.
276	Lord Godric	2011-05-18	*facepalm*Once again, I never said that all the changes are bad, or unnecessary. You're attacking a strawman here.But just because SOME changes are necessary for the TV format, doesn't mean that ALL the changes are good, let alone improvements. A lot of the scenes were kept mostly intact but with changes to the dialogue that are clearly not better than the original dialogue, for example. And many of the new scenes dragged on for too long or are pointless where more screen time could have been spent on more important or more interesting scenes.So if you are not saying that you don't want a direct translation, what are you saying? Because that is what is coming across.  It is clear you think Martin's dialogue is superior, and it is clear that you think that the added scenes add nothing to the plot.  So if you aren't implying that you want a direct translation, what are you implying?  As for the added scenes, the only scene I think that was pointless was the bath scene in the previous episode.  Every other added scene does seem to be an improvement and necessary to tell this story in a different way, IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 18 May 2011 - 07:58 PM.
277	Morrigan	2011-05-18	Are you being deliberately obtuse? What part of "some of the changes were fine/better/necessary, and some were unnecessary/pointless/inferior" don't you get? I can't possibly make this plainer.
278	IheartTesla	2011-05-18	What exactly was Loras using to shave Renly? It sure wasn't Gillette Foamy ..... some sort of shady medieval poultice. I cant see folks using that on their faces to shave, thats for sure. Which is why there are so many bearded folk walking about. Maybe the extended edition will shed more light on this important issue.
I don't believe I've posted in this thread about Loras/Renly, so here goes. I'm fine with their relationship being made explicit, but the caveat is with the casting of the actors. They seem a little too much like what Hollywood thinks the stereotype of gay people is (effeminate characteristics, vain of personal appearance, all the things we see in 21st century media/entertainment portrayal of gay characters). Would it have killed them to make at least one of them (Renly) more 'bear' like?
279	Lord Godric	2011-05-18	Are you being deliberately obtuse? What part of "some of the changes were fine/better/necessary, and some were unnecessary/pointless/inferior" don't you get? I can't possibly make this plainer.Are you deliberately saying one thing and then claiming you are saying another?  You are being clear, but the message you are getting across is that the dialogue sucks, the most of the added scenes suck and Martin did it better. A lot of the scenes were kept mostly intact but with changes to the dialogue that are clearly not better than the original dialogue, for example. And many of the new scenes dragged on for too long or are pointless where more screen time could have been spent on more important or more interesting scenes.I'm not trying to put words in your mouth, but what you seem to be saying is that you would prefer a direct translation, with Martin's superior dialogue.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 18 May 2011 - 08:13 PM.
280	redwinger	2011-05-18	Their relationship should have been left subtle as it was in the books. Leave it to HBO and there agenda to change it to smack me in the face. I thought it tacky with the first bj scene with Tyrion and the slurping noises and it was just as ridiculous the second time with this scene. Most of the sex scenes are gratuitous and do nothing for the plot except for cersei/Jaime and Drago/dany. They are just showing sex for sex's sake. So are the over the top bloodletting. The horse scene was too much. I know the mountain kills him in the book but it was just tacky looking to me on the show. I don't think I can watch anymore... it's tainting the books for me.
281	redwinger	2011-05-18	So if you are not saying that you don't want a direct translation, what are you saying? Because that is what is coming across.  It is clear you think Martin's dialogue is superior, and it is clear that you think that the added scenes add nothing to the plot.  So if you aren't implying that you want a direct translation, what are you implying?  As for the added scenes, the only scene I think that was pointless was the bath scene in the previous episode.  Every other added scene does seem to be an improvement and necessary to tell this story in a different way, IMO.I completely agree with you Lord Godric
282	Carldog	2011-05-18	Don't care about the gay thing... It is what it is.  
The manner in which Renly and Loras are being portrade is the sad part.  Even worse is the portral of the hound.
283	redwinger	2011-05-18	Don't care about the gay thing... It is what it is.  The manner in which Renly and Loras are being portrade is the sad part.  Even worse is the portral of the hound.+1
284	Talan Snow	2011-05-18	I thought the Loras/Renly thing was pretty cool.  Equal opportunity after all....if they're going to show Cersei/Jaime and Theon/prostitute then it'd be lame for them to skip this.
I don't have a problem with them showing sex.  Sex is a natural part of the human condition.  Big deal.  I laugh at the fact that some people on here complain about HBO showing sex but apparently they don't have a problem with HBO showing beheadings, etc.
285	banditry	2011-05-19	You are implying that David and Dan are somehow twisting Martin's work into something that it isn't.  When in actuality all they did was show us a scene that Martin only referenced.  This is not about D&D thinking they could surpass Martin's work or make it better, this is about translating a written medium into a visual one, and the best way to get information across in a TV show or a movie is toshow us, not tell us. Honestly I actually do think that D&D are improving the telling of the story with their additional scenes, especially for non-reading viewers.  With the Renly/Loras scene they are setting the stage for what Renly chooses to do once Robert dies.  Otherwise many viewers who haven't read the books would be confused about why Renly would try to take the throne away from his brother who is the rightful heir (when Loras tells Renly that people love him and Stannis has the personality of a lobster), and what significance being married into the Tyrell family holds (when Loras tells Renly that Highgarden has more gold than he does). So really I do not understand this idea that they are trying to change perfection.  Because first of all, they aren't trying to "write better than" Martin but are trying to tell the story through a different medium for different viewers.  I have always been bothered by people who want the books exactly translated onto the screen, because it is never going to happen, changes must be made. And second, so far, and especially in the latest episode, the additional scenes are examples of scenes that could absolutely have taken place in the books but we just didn't get the chance to see them.Nailed it.  Well-said.
286	Cereal Forel	2011-05-19	I give up. I don't know how you manage to ignore what I wrote, when it was plain and clear as day. Obviously it isn't or else you wouldn't have multiple people bringing it up  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
287	Morrigan	2011-05-19	Well then, perhaps you'd be so gracious as to highlight which part of "some changes are good, others are bad" you find so confusing?  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
288	Elrick	2011-05-19	I actually think that Loras was acting under his family orders. The Tyrells are ambitious and I believe hate the Lannisters, thus they are behind whispering into Renly's ear.
289	Abaddon	2011-05-19	Well then, perhaps you'd be so gracious as to highlight which part of "some changes are good, others are bad" you find so confusing?  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />It's the implied (and in some of your posts not implied) "I'm right and the arbiter of what is good and what is bad and you're wrong, nyah" subtext that's leaking through quite clearly.  Whether you are intending to imply it or not, it's there, for me at least.For everyone else; GRRM loves the adaptation, and said that he expects 95% of his fan base to love it as well.  It's not surprising to see the other 5% heavily represented here, is it?  Everyone has their opinions, and I am not sharing this particular opinion at all, but it's been expressed many times over now and we can all move on, right?
290	Aoife	2011-05-19	Morrigan: 
For me, the implication is coming across because -- despite your one statement about how some changes are necessary (which, btw, is not the same as 'good'), which itself I read as implying that only a few changes were actually necessary -- you had two quotes that can basically be summed up as "Don't you dare change what GRRM wrote!", each of which you agreed with.
291	Starchaser	2011-05-19	Tyrion admits early in aCoK to fearing Stannis more than Renly and all his troops. Can anyone give me one source of information on why you think Renly is supposed to be heroic? The show has nailed his personality. It seems Renly was good at not only making his own people believe in him for no good reason, but you all as well.
292	Bronn Stone	2011-05-19	Way too much gayness. If you have to "shout it out" with a scene like that it kinda looses  its revelation power that they are gay. That scene could have been 15 seconds. Watching Renly getting shaved and then getting a bj was a bunch of crap.    TONIGHT WE BROUGHT YOU CRAP....at least for 3 minutes rest of the episode was just as awesome as the first 4, so i cant complain more than that.I would be very interested to see how you could establish all the facts that were established in that scene in fifteen seconds.Renly and Loras have a romantic relationshipRenly and Loras have a sexual relationshipRenly is willing to accede to Loras on grooming matters even when he finds them distastefulRobert is not serious about beheading Lord Eddard - he loves him too much and his rage will passRenly envies the close relationship Eddard has with Robert and yearns for acceptance from his older brothersRenly feels Robert and Stannis hold him in contempt because he's never fought a warThough it had not been mentioned elsewhere, there was a melee and some boy lost an eyeRenly gets queasy at the sight of dismembered eyes and bloodLoras believes he is skilled at the sword because he practices at itRenly does not believe he'd ever be good even if he practicedLoras thinks Renly is lazyRobert loves Cersei's money, if not the queen herself and this is the subject of gossipLoras's family is very rich, if not as rich as the LannistersRenly is not particularly wealthyRobert wants to take Renly hunting, the prospects of which do not thrill RenlyLoras wants Renly to be King and has given the matter some serious thoughtRenly is popular with the people, according to LorasLoras believes bloodshed would inevitably be part of the process and is willing to shed some blood to achieve his goalsI take it back.  I do NOT want to see someone trying to convey all that information in a fifteen second scene.  It would be a travesty.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 19 May 2011 - 04:23 PM.
293	Morrigan	2011-05-19	Morrigan: For me, the implication is coming across because -- despite your one statement about how some changes are necessary (which, btw, is not the same as 'good'),I also said that some of the changes were good. For example, I liked the added "friendship/bonding" scene with Jon and Sam, and I like how they gave Donal Noye's lines to Tyrion when he chastises Jon (nothing against Noye but it makes perfect sense for TV, a smart change). The scene with Tyrion and Theon was great, too. The "dead", "dead, "very dead" additions with Syrio was perfect and very in-character. I also liked how Arya tried to recap the exchange between Varys and Illyrio to Ned. I could go on. which itself I read as implying that only a few changes were actually necessary -- you had two quotes that can basically be summed up as "Don't you dare change what GRRM wrote!", each of which you agreed with.And then you have some changes that are unnecessary, scenes that *could* have been taken as-is from the novel but weren't, and the reasons they weren't is far from apparent (at times it seems completely random, even). I could give examples, but since this thread is about Renly, I can focus on that one:  why make Renly an insecure, whiny "eww, blood!" pansy? In the book, Renly is no hardass warrior, but he's a good leader, he's ambitious, he's charismatic, and he's not afraid to go to war. I don't see how that could translate to a "wah wah my brothers are big meanies" and "I vomit at the sight of blood" kind of whelp. There is no reason for this change from GRRM's characterization, none. They could have easily have the rest of the scene work without this, but they chose to make Renly less likeable and more insecure because...? Go figure.The whole "you wrote Troy stfu" jab is just that, a jab. Obviously they do have to change stuff, but when they keep scenes more or less intact but remove some of the more memorable lines (the direwolves scene comes to mind), or when they add necessary scenes but change the characterizations for no reason, then yeah, I do wonder at how GRRM (or better writers) would have done it if he had written the episode. I'm actually very curious to see episode 8, the one GRRM wrote.
294	Xenophon	2011-05-19	There is no reason for this change from GRRM's characterization, none. They could have easily have the rest of the scene work without this, but they chose to make Renly less likeable and more insecure because...? Maybe I'm having trouble seeing your point since I don't find Renly at all unlikable.  I don't really understand what you mean when you there is no reason for this change.  Off the top of my head, I can think of many reasons why they might want to make such a change to Renly's character (to distinguish him more from Robert, to make him more a pawn of the Tyrell's, to contrast a potential gentle/beloved ruler to Robert's fear and blood speech).  But I suspect that's not what you had in mind.  Are you objecting to any changes in the characters that are not absolutely necessary (loosely speaking)?  Do you also dislike the changes to Cersei?
295	Morrigan	2011-05-19	Renly came across as whiny, insecure and malleable in that scene. I really can't reconcile that with the Renly from the book (and yes I'm aware that how he behaves in private wouldn't be the same, but that's still a drastic change), but hopefully he'll man up a bit in later episodes. And those changes aren't necessary to contrast him from Robert, he was already pretty different, and from speaking with various other people I know I'm not the only one who's baffled at the changes to Renly. Are you objecting to any changes in the characters that are not absolutely necessary (loosely speaking)?Not inherently so. Sam, for example, is a bit different (the Sam from the book wouldn't start talking about sex with Jon /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />), but I have no objections whatsoever to that, because the scene is well-written and helps establish their friendship.Do you also dislike the changes to Cersei?I do. In fact it's probably what has annoyed me the most so far. I am guessing they just want to make her more sympathetic somehow, but I really don't see why. They can still surprise me if they reveal she murdered that baby, but based on video interviews that seems to be unlikely.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 19 May 2011 - 07:15 PM.
296	Lord Varys	2011-05-19	I'm pretty sure Renly will be 'Renly' again in season 2. We never saw the funny, peach-eating, joking, and charismatic Renly in AGoT. He will find his confidence after Robert's death. I doubt we'll see him again in season 1 after he flees KL, but when Mace and Loras get him to crown himself, and when all all the Lords of the Reach and the Stormlands declare for him, he won't be insecure anymore. He will be a confident leader, who most likely is going to see himself as the man destined to continue the Baratheon legacy.
Catelyn is not going to treat with a King who has self-doubts, and Stannis' shadow is not going to slay a younger brother who secretly did not want to wear that crown of his. Else he would not have taken it on, and he would not have kept it on his head during/after his parley with Stannis, if he was still doubting himself.
Yes, Renly is technically an average jouster who likes enter the lists and all. But that's not his personality. GRRM actually did not give us much/any insight into him besides 'Renly is copper' (which actually means you can pretty much ignore Renly) from Donal Noye, and that he is supposed to have declared himself King on a whim, because he always liked to pretend he was somebody else ('the Raingod', for instance).
That's not much characterization, to be true. The series actually gives us an explanation why Renly would want to be King and, more importantly, shows us that he did not always wanted to usurp Stannis or humiliate his older brother.
I'm pretty sure Renly is going show us the stuff he's made of in the next two episodes, gradually becoming a man who really starts to believe that he could be able to make himself King. And then King Renly in season 2 might be a similar surprise. Just as Robb has to settle into his role as King, Renly is facing a similar challenge, and he will get rid of his self doubts offscreen, and come back as the King we want him to be.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 19 May 2011 - 07:27 PM.
297	wijse	2011-05-19	Well personally i think they have ruined Loras the Knight of the Flower for the rest of the series. Now he will be known as the cock sucking guy for the rest of the series. They ruined the scene between Loras and Renly and all the information given is lost because the cock sucking takes the focus. 
There are many ways they could have shown the homosexual relationship between Renly and Loras and a cock sucking scene is not one of them.
298	Lord of Brewtown	2011-05-19	But the actual quote from Cersei in AFFC makes it clear she DID know Renly was gay:She just figured, as has already been stated, that Renly would "do his duty" and consummate the marriage, perhaps try to produce an heir if he's going to be king.  It was a reasonable assumption for her to make, even understanding Renly's preferences.  My brother is gay, but he was married twice and fathered 4 children before deciding to come out of the closet to our family.  The only real reason so many people were surprised by Renly and Loras is that neither of them was a POV character, so we never got into either of their heads or got to spend any "alone time" with them in the novels.  Their relationship was perceived as subtle because they weren't hanging on one another in public, and people didn't gossip about them incessantly as if it was something shocking.   However, I do agree that, while I like Gethin Anthony well enough, I'm not 100% behind the decision to change Renly from the book portrayal.  I'm enjoying the show too much to let that nit-pick ruin it for me, though.  And I do love the fact that they're setting up Renly's decision to claim the throne in ACOK.  It'll make so much more sense this way. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Agree with this 100%.  I wish they hadn't made Renly so wimpy - but it's not going to ruin the series for me.  I always got the impression that Loras was definitely gay, and that they were 'an item'; but, that even though Renly preferred men, he might go both ways & wouldn't shy away from producing an heir if necessary.  I can't remember the passage, but doesn't some character comment on or think about rumors of 'wild parties' thrown by Renly at Storm's End (Cressen maybe, or a Cat chapter)?
299	Hooplehead	2011-05-20	I don't understand all of the hand-wringing over the TV portrayal of Renly.  He's a pretty minor character in the books, who we really don't even see that much.  He's really there to facilitate the plot, with the whole War of 5 Kings bit.
Sure, I liked his character in the book.  He was fun, and I wish there had been more of him.  But, that really just hammers home the fact that he wasn't there much.
So, if they want to tweak this minor character a bit to suit this slightly different telling of the story on TV, I don't have an issue with that.  It doesn't "ruin" anything.  It seems to me like this is being done to facilitate an earlier fleshing out of the Tyrells, and maybe show that Loras is a bit of a schemer himself or at least involved in his grandmother's plans.  Loras is the one who's going to survive at least into the 5th book (it looks like), so developing him a bit at the expense of a a guy who has a handful of appearances left can't hurt.
300	MikeNH	2011-05-20	There are many ways they could have shown the homosexual relationship between Renly and Loras and a cock sucking scene is not one of them.I'm confused - are you saying that scene did NOT convey that the two of them are in a homosexual relationship?
					
					
							Edited by MikeNH, 20 May 2011 - 01:44 PM.
301	Abaddon	2011-05-20	Well personally i think they have ruined Loras the Knight of the Flower for the rest of the series. Now he will be known as the cock sucking guy for the rest of the series.Fair enough, you will now be known as a homophobe on this board from now on.They ruined the scene between Loras and Renly and all the information given is lost because the cock sucking takes the focus.Wait, so a very short bit in a pretty long scene that comes at the end takes the focus?  When it isn't even SHOWN?  How is that, exactly?There are many ways they could have shown the homosexual relationship between Renly and Loras and a cock sucking scene is not one of them.Would you have preferred anal sex?
302	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-05-20	Well personally i think they have ruined Loras the Knight of the Flower for the rest of the series. Now he will be known as the cock sucking guy for the rest of the series. They ruined the scene between Loras and Renly and all the information given is lost because the cock sucking takes the focus. There are many ways they could have shown the homosexual relationship between Renly and Loras and a cock sucking scene is not one of them.Were you somehow under the impression that Renly and Loras were gay lovers in the book, but did not perform oral sex on each other?  If that's the case...  you have a weird impression of what gay sex entails. (Hint: It's not all anal).In sum: What's wrong with being a cocksucker?  By implying it's bad, you just insulted most women and basically all gay men in the world.  Congrats.  Getting your partner off is something everyone should strive for. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  There's nothing shameful about oral unless you're a missionary-only kind of guy...  in which case, I'll pass.  /wub.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
303	Huan	2011-05-20	Loras looks soft and weak. Not what I envisioned for someone who dismounted The Mountain. Oh well.In the HBO On Demand behind the scenes featurette Anatomy of a Scene: The Jousting Tournament there's a quote from Rory McCann when he's talking about the Hound reacting to the Mountain's fight with Loras: "I've seen him pick on the wee guy and I've stepped in."  Doubtless Loras wouldn't appreciate being referred to as a wee guy, but I love the expression.
304	TerraPrime	2011-05-21	Well personally i think they have ruined Loras the Knight of the Flower for the rest of the series. Now he will be known as the cock sucking guy for the rest of the series. They ruined the scene between Loras and Renly and all the information given is lost because the cock sucking takes the focus.I know!! It's all ruined! Ruined!! /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />After what they did by omitting ghost and changing the color of the horse from white and silver to white and white, this whole TV series is not worth the time any more!There are many ways they could have shown the homosexual relationship between Renly and Loras and a cock sucking scene is not one of them.And you have the insight into how homosexual relationships should be portrayed from...?
305	Refuge	2011-05-21	OK, to those complaining about the gratuitous sex and blaming it on HBO..... have you *read* the GRRM books? Come on. They're packed with these scenes. They're just staying true to the books, IMO.... with Renly and Loras and all the rest of it.
306	Starchaser	2011-05-21	Now I'm on the Catelyn chapter where she travels to greet Renly to find a tourney on display, and she is the third POV character to remark that Renly is like a boy. I wonder if anyone who has a problem with Renly's HBO personality even read the books?
307	Morrigan	2011-05-21	Being "like a boy" doesn't mean being a whiny, petulant, insecure brat. On the contrary, Catelyn means that he's green and overly sure of himself.
308	Demonblade	2011-05-21	I've been watching the series like everyone else, but I have refrained from posting much in these new forums (mostly because there are too many fl00bs around /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ), and I was going to come here to post a rather lengthy diatribe about how they have depicted Renly as too much of a pansy, but that looks like it's been covered.  Besides, there appear to have been some pretty good explanations, so I'll let it pass.  What bothers me is that it looks like they are trying to set up Renly as some kind of tragic heroic figure, who will eventually be smited by his evil older brother, Stannis.  That is unforgiveable!  Stannis is a far more complex, nuanced character to be given such a one-dimensional portrayal.
309	Starchaser	2011-05-21	What bothers me is that it looks like they are trying to set up Renly as some kind of tragic heroic figure, who will eventually be smited by his evil older brother, Stannis.  That is unforgiveable!  Stannis is a far more complex, nuanced character to be given such a one-dimensional portrayal.Solid point, but Melissandre will be the villain. Stannis will be the new Ned, and it will be nearly impossible to make it seem otherwise after he marches north.
310	rise of the small folk	2011-05-21	Well personally i think they have ruined Loras the Knight of the Flower for the rest of the series. Now he will be known as the cock sucking guy for the rest of the series. They ruined the scene between Loras and Renly and all the information given is lost because the cock sucking takes the focus. There are many ways they could have shown the homosexual relationship between Renly and Loras and a cock sucking scene is not one of them.The cocksucking doesn't start until the end of the scene.  If all you remember about that scene is the cocksucking, then I think you must be obsessed with it.As has been said, the scene is less explicit than many of the straight sex scenes.  (I do think the sucking sounds were ridiculous, but then I thought the very same sounds in the straight scenes were also ridiculous.)For those that read the books and didn't realize that Loras and Renly were in a relationship: you fail at reading comprehension.Yeah, I don't think it fits that Renly is a wuss.  I also don't like equating gay men with femininity.  But I do think having Loras plant the seed of ambition (so to speak) in Renly's head was brilliant.  We don't have a Tyrell POV, but this shows what we don't see until later: the Tyrells are ambitious players just like the other houses (with the exception of the Starks.)
311	rise of the small folk	2011-05-21	Renly was a king. The war of the 5 kings was caused because Robert left no trueborn children.A point for another thread, but no.  Catelyn starts that war of the 5 kings by taking Tyrion prisoner, based on the lies of Littlefinger (two lies!)The first lie by Littlefinger was in Lysa's note to Catelyn, blaming the murder of Jon Arryn on the Lannisters.  As far as I can tell, Jon's death was as much (if not totally) a plot of Lysa and Littlefinger as it was Cersei's.  Lysa did not want her son to be fostered on Dragonstone (not Casterly Rock as she claims!) and Cersei did not want the incest to be exposed.The second lie of course was Littlefinger saying the dagger was Tyrion's (it had been, but became Robert's).Yes, Bran would not have been pushed off the tower had he not discovered the incest.  But given how things played out, I think the cascade of events are more the fault of Littlefinger who brings the rivalry of Stark and Lannister in open conflict.
312	Demonblade	2011-05-21	Solid  point, but Melissandre will be the villain. Stannis will be the new  Ned, and it will be nearly impossible to make it seem otherwise after he  marches north.Perhaps, but that would suck even more, imo.  Neither are one-dimensional villains, is what I am getting at.  For those that read the books and didn't realize that Loras and Renly were in a relationship: you fail at reading comprehension.Settle down, Yearling (welcome to the boards, btw /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ).  There is nothing in the books that actually confirms that Renly and Loras were lovers.  As was said earlier, it was alluded to, and some people (like myself) did not find that little plot twist to be important enough to warrant a second thought.
313	Demonblade	2011-05-21	The war began because nobody wanted to be ruled by Joff, not because of anything Cat did.  If anything, the war began the moment Ser Ilyn Payne behead Ned with his own sword.  Had Ned been allowed to take the Black, things may have turned out differently (possible, but not likely).
314	rise of the small folk	2011-05-21	Perhaps, but that would suck even more, imo.  Neither are one-dimensional villains, is what I am getting at.  Settle down, Yearling (welcome to the boards, btw /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ).  There is nothing in the books that actually confirms that Renly and Loras were lovers.  As was said earlier, it was alluded to, and some people (like myself) did not find that little plot twist to be important enough to warrant a second thought.Read here: http://www.angelfire...lorasrenly.htmlThere's even more.  When Cersei expresses her disbelief that Margery was a made, she says 'even if a man prefers hippocras, he'll drink ale when it is set before him.' She means that even though Renly prefers men, he'd still have slept with Margery.  What else would she have meant?Over 20 times characters say that Renly and Loras are gay and in a relationship, without explicitly saying "Renly and Loras are gay in a relationship."
315	herkles	2011-05-21	In a funny way I think what HBO did was smart. If they left out the gay sex scene at the end of that scene, people might have payed far more attention to the obvious foreshadowing that was there and mentioned. However by having the sex scene there, that took the focus of it and that makes people not look at the foreshadowing; so they are shocked by what comes up later or maybe I am looking at it wrong?
though as my own personal opinion of that scene, I liked it. Renly/Loras being lovers is a good thing; this series does lack couples that are in love and not just political marriages or lust. Plus it gave some insight to their character and plenty of foreshadowing.
316	Demonblade	2011-05-21	Read here: http://www.angelfire...lorasrenly.htmlThere's even more.  When Cersei expresses her disbelief that Margery was a made, she says 'even if a man prefers hippocras, he'll drink ale when it is set before him.' She means that even though Renly prefers men, he'd still have slept with Margery.  What else would she have meant?Over 20 times characters say that Renly and Loras are gay and in a relationship, without explicitly saying "Renly and Loras are gay in a relationship."I am quite aware of all of the instances which allude to Renly and Loras's relationship, but for all of that, the only confirmation is GRRM specifically stating that they were gay.  Look, this is an old debate, and a tired one at that, and for many people (including myself) this wasn't obvious until it was pointed out, and then it became quite clear.  So there is no need to antagonize people simply because they didn't notice something so insignificant like Renly and Loras's sexual orientation, particularly in your very first post in this forum. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
317	Zagruss	2011-05-22	I agree with Demonblade that this certainly isn't obvious to everyone. When I saw the scene on the show I was quite surprised as I clearly had not noticed this in the books (or at least had not perceived the relationship as charged as the show depicted it).
318	smegma	2011-05-22	I definitely picked it up in the books - I'm always one of those people looking for underlying hints or foreshadowing, whether it be films or books. I think a lot of people read and view things at face value - that doesn't mean they are stupid - but not one person that I recommended the books to caught onto Loras/Renly Most of them flat out argued with me that I was wrong wrong wrong, while a couple of guys said "oh yeah, how'd I miss that??!". I got a slew of texts when the scene aired like "dammit, you were right". Some of these very same people are quite intelligent, but maybe not the most attentive readers. 
But to reiterate, I think making the relationship explicit in television is ideal for that medium. I hope we get more scenes from them!!!!!
319	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-05-22	I am quite aware of all of the instances which allude to Renly and Loras's relationship, but for all of that, the only confirmation is GRRM specifically stating that they were gay.  There's a world of difference between not picking up on the hints (I didn't until the very end either), and maintaining after being told the hints that Renly and Loras relationship is not in the books.  I certainly don't think it is "obvious" especially on the first read - but looking back the clues are all there.  Their relationship is confirmed in the text itself, not by GRRM's statements.
320	Demonblade	2011-05-22	There's a world of difference between not picking up on the hints (I didn't until the very end either), and maintaining after being told the hints that Renly and Loras relationship is not in the books.  I certainly don't think it is "obvious" especially on the first read - but looking back the clues are all there.  Their relationship is confirmed in the text itself, not by GRRM's statements.I think that you misunderstand what I wrote.  In no way do I say that Renly and Loras's relationship was not there because GRRM didn't say in the text that there was a relationship.  Upon a second read, you can obviously tell that it was strongly hinted at, but never do we read a scene where the two are confirming their relationship to the readers.  And because of this, it is reasonable for somebody who has only read the series once to completely miss the relationship.  Oh, and unless the writer specifically confirms something or outright states something as fact, it is all up to the reader's point of view.  Without GRRM's confirmation, one could argue that only Loras was gay, or that neither were gay.  It's the same as when some people don't believe in R+L=J.  In the end, it's all about the reader's interpretation of how they read things, and is the primary reason why there is debate on issues in this forum.  Ever discuss a poem in class and have a student give a completely different interpretation than your own?  Who is right and who is wrong?  *hint*  the answer rhymes with breather
321	rise of the small folk	2011-05-22	I am quite aware of all of the instances which allude to Renly and Loras's relationship, but for all of that, the only confirmation is GRRM specifically stating that they were gay.  Look, this is an old debate, and a tired one at that, and for many people (including myself) this wasn't obvious until it was pointed out, and then it became quite clear.  So there is no need to antagonize people simply because they didn't notice something so insignificant like Renly and Loras's sexual orientation, particularly in your very first post in this forum. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />First, on some back up file somewhere perhaps lost in electronic void, there used to be a 'rise of the small folk' id on this board.  So, yeah I had to re-register.  But I've been following this board on and off since Storm of Swords.Without using the words gay or homosexual (because they don't exist as such), many characters state that Renly and Loras don't prefer women.  But there's no apparent way you'll agree to that.  As for antagonizing: you're right.  It wasn't necessary.  I think I was reacting to some of the homophobic posts on this thread (not that yours was one of them).
322	Demonblade	2011-05-22	Without using the words gay or homosexual (because they don't exist as such), many characters state that Renly and Loras don't prefer women.  But there's no apparent way you'll agree to that.Well not to nitpick, but there is nothing that says that there is no word for gay or homosexual in GRRM's world because, well, this is his world and he can do what he wants.  And I still think that you are arguing a position that I am not even taking, namely that it is possible that Renly and Loras are not lovers.  My issue was that not everybody caught it the first time and that is not due to lack of reading comprehension, because nowhere does it say in the books that they are, in fact, lovers.  The reasons why not everybody caught it the first time vary from not catching the clues to interpreting their relationship to that of a deep friendship.  Also, just because characters in the book allude to Renly and Loras being gay does not alone confirm that they're gay.  Many people call Tyrion the Imp, but as far as I can tell, he is not a fairy/demon, for example.
323	Sand Viper	2011-05-24	An interesting small moment was when Loras gave the flower to Sansa. It showed Renly nodding approvingly at this. IsRenly approving because it was a gesture to help mask Loras' homosexuality? Or is Renly approving because he is party to a Tyrell plot to marry Sansa to Loras instead of Joffrey? A plan which seems to been aborted by the time Littlefinger and the Tyrells are plotting together.
324	cripples and broken things	2011-08-01	Just watched the episode and my only thought is that this scene was written so wrongly, and so unnecessary. Yeah, the Tyrells could have gotten Renly up to it. But Loras? Isn't he the one who sleeps with Ceresi after Jamie is gone? I remember reading that Renly might not be all that into guys, but... He's way too much of a wuss. VARYS has more balls than him.Actually, it was Lancel she slept with.
325	Elenya Westerling	2011-08-07	An interesting small moment was when Loras gave the flower to Sansa. It showed Renly nodding approvingly at this. IsRenly approving because it was a gesture to help mask Loras' homosexuality? Or is Renly approving because he is party to a Tyrell plot to marry Sansa to Loras instead of Joffrey? A plan which seems to been aborted by the time Littlefinger and the Tyrells are plotting together.I thought it was more of a "get on with it" look rather than a nod of approval :S I could be totally misreading it though.
326	Ralf	2011-08-14	I had always pictured Renly as a more charismatic, host of the party. Kinda like an Oscar Wilde type character where they could be gay or straight and no one is really sure but because they know the right things to say to everyone, women and men have crushes on them. 
I pictured Renly using the Tyrells as much as them using him. The queen of thrones hints that Loras is gay and hence I thought the Tyrell family to be more accepting then say the Baratheons would have been.  
However after watching the episode I wonder is this how GRRM saw it when he was writing and if so how did I get it so wrong and how many other characters have I mis judged :-(
327	disaster	2011-10-03	Word of said:
"I'm definitely taking issue with the show taking a massive dump on GRRM's light touch with their relationship. I think some vagueness, less explicit portrayals would do this show a lot of good."
I agree wholeheartedly. Although after reading the angelfire link up above (which I had found on my own after seeing ep.3) which tallies up the clues, I accept that Renly and Loras are probably involved with each other, GRRM was a lot subtler about it than what was portrayed on HBO. GRRM's light touch (on this subject) is lost, probably because of the constraints of time and the differences in the mediums of literature and film (things can easily be stretched out in a book that have to be compacted in an adaptation for film).
I feel that there are far too many changes being made to the books (for a variety of reasons). I am beginning to suspect that GRRM is a victim of his own success, and that the series will turn out quite differently from how he originally envisioned ASOIAF.
328	Bad Dog	2011-10-04	The explicitly shown homosexual relationship didn't bother me in the slightest. After all, it's in the book, if only in hints and (pretty clear) remarks from others. What DID bother me was the portrayal of Renly in the show. To me, that just wasn't the cocky, confident Renly we meet in the books, who is good with a lance (no, not in THAT way, get your mind out of the gutter!) and has quite enough ego to crown himself king. The show's Renly was, to simplify it, a big softie.
329	truth42033	2011-10-30	Does anyone else find it odd that Renly Baratheon and The Knight of Flowers Ser Loras Tyrell are gay on the HBO show? I've read all the books of SOIF that are out, and never got the homosexual vibe from either. In the books Renly and Loras come across way more badass, where on the show not so much. What are your thoughts about this?
330	Dragonfish	2011-10-31	Does anyone else find it odd that Renly Baratheon and The Knight of Flowers Ser Loras Tyrell are gay on the HBO show? I've read all the books of SOIF that are out, and never got the homosexual vibe from either. In the books Renly and Loras come across way more badass, where on the show not so much. What are your thoughts about this?Renly and Loras are gay in the books. There are numerous hints to this effect, and George himself has confirmed it.
331	Brucolac	2011-10-31	It is hinted almost every time Renly makes an appearance in the books.   It is an added scene in the show to make it explicit that he and Loras are getting it on, but a bunch of innuendo and jokes about it aren't going to come across well in the time frame they are working with or have appeal to a large audience.  Yeah, he is different from the book in the show, but he is homosexual in both.   They portray Renly much more idealistically in the series I think; he has modern and almost democratic ideals while in the book, he is self-centered ass.  Loras isn't really a badass until the third and fourth book either, there is still time for him to kick some ass as well.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 31 October 2011 - 09:56 PM.
332	GhostofWinterfell	2012-01-01	I really disliked the scene, and not because of any homophobia, but rather because I felt like it added a dynamic to the story that wasn't present in the book. Renly was never conveyed as an effeminate man in the books, neither did anybody make veiled suggestions that he was gay. Neither was Loras. In fact, the only insinuation made about Loras in the book was that there may be an incestuous relationship between he and Margaery. Never a gay relationship with Renly though. Regardless of what GRRM says about it NOW, I don't believe that was his intent in the original story and I think it feels forced and out of place. A physically weak man with an aversion to seeing blood would never be able to win the hearts and support of the many great southern Lords of Westeros. The portrayal of Renly just doesn't seem to fit with the books portrayal at all.
333	Ran	2012-01-02	You're incredibly wrong. Martin has explicitly stated that Loras and Renly were lovers from 2001, at least. In an interview, he noted that part of the inspiration for Loras was Piers Gaveston, a tourney champion of his day, and a favorite of Edward II... so much so that it was suggested contemporaneously and by historians that they were in fact lovers.As to no one implying it in the "original story"?
	Spoiler "There are those who say Ser Loras is better than Leo Longthorn ever was," said Tyrion.	"Renly's little rose? I doubt that.""Your commander, so long as you wear that white cloak. Now sheathe your bloody sword, or I'll take it from you and shove it up some place even Renly never found."Oberyn and Jaime certainly imply it. Loras Tyrell's remark about having lost his true love and no one else being able to replace it, his mild outrage at Sansa suggesting that Margaery's grief about Renly's death were greater than his own, the whole thing about the private place only he and Renly knew, the fact that Renly's servants apparently had to be good at keeping secrets because of all the things that must have gone on in his household, Arianne Martell remarking that despite all of her efforts to flirt and entice Renly he was quite uninterested...
It's all there, for those with eyes to see it.I'll grant that the character in the show is otherwise rather different from Renly in the novel, shaped -- I think -- to the strengths of Gethin Anthony, and I think he did very well. But the homosexuality? It's in the story. It's not in AGoT, but from ACoK on there were hints, and as I said, it's been an acknowledged fact by GRRM for at least a decade.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 02 January 2012 - 08:32 AM.
334	GhostofWinterfell	2012-01-02	Well, I hadn't noticed those references before, so you may be right. That still doesn't change that Renly's character got the shaft (no pun intended) in the show. In the book he was portrayed as a dead ringer for Robert in his glory days, a charismatic and loyalty-inspiring leader. He's a weakling on the show. Not only that, but the scene shows Loras trying to persuade Renly that he should be king.... I don't like this because it changes the strory to say that Renly and Loras were conspiring to make him King while Robert still sat the throne. Renly was loyal to his brother, there was nothing in the books that suggested he wanted to remove Robert from the throne.
It seems like they added that to try and give him a motivation to crown himself after Roberts death - bit he already had a motivation. His brother had been murdered and he knew the Lannisters were responsible. Why add the nonsense about Loras telling him he should be king whilst giving him a BJ? The books portray Renly as a stronger character than someone who could be manipulated by a secret lover.
335	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-21	Continued from last thread. Remember, please keep it civil and keep it classy.
336	IheartTesla	2011-05-22	I liked Renly's barber, I hope he sticks around for the rest of the season.
337	The Iceman of the North	2011-05-22	That wasn't Renly's barber, it was his gardener, he just went a few steps beyond his obligations.
338	Snow Bear	2011-05-23	I read through some of the discussion in thread 2 of episode 5. Someone mentioned how the fight scene between Ned and Jaime wouldn't have been exciting if they went by the book with the horse falling.  I agree except for one thing. The fight was underway between Jaime and Ned . I don't believe a trained knight/ guardsman would interfere in someone elses challenge. That kind of made me a bit disappointed. Love the series though. Wanted to post earlier, but needed to read the book more, because although book spoilers are clearly pointed out. I accidentally ran into one. That's ok. my fault. I just wanted to see if anyone else brought up the interference part. I thought it was kind of a fight rule.
339	Lord Mord	2011-05-29	Snow Bear,I read through some of the discussion in thread 2 of episode 5. Someone mentioned how the fight scene between Ned and Jaime wouldn't have been exciting if they went by the book with the horse falling.  I agree except for one thing. The fight was underway between Jaime and Ned . I don't believe a trained knight/ guardsman would interfere in someone elses challenge. That kind of made me a bit disappointed. Love the series though. Wanted to post earlier, but needed to read the book more, because although book spoilers are clearly pointed out. I accidentally ran into one. That's ok. my fault. I just wanted to see if anyone else brought up the interference part. I thought it was kind of a fight rule.I see what you're saying, and it's a valid point, except that the series agrees with you.  It isn't the done thing, it isn't cool, and that is underscored in the series, in two ways: 1) the such-a-look that Jaime gives the guard when it happens, and 2) the fact that none of the other guards dared.  I think this is one of those flukes.  Jaime doesn't know all the guys in his company, some of them are loony and some are just kind of high-spirited and dumb.  I think the verisimilitude accentuates your point.
340	Snow Bear	2011-05-29	Snow Bear,I see what you're saying, and it's a valid point, except that the series agrees with you.  It isn't the done thing, it isn't cool, and that is underscored in the series, in two ways: 1) the such-a-look that Jaime gives the guard when it happens, and 2) the fact that none of the other guards dared.  I think this is one of those flukes.  Jaime doesn't know all the guys in his company, some of them are loony and some are just kind of high-spirited and dumb.  I think the verisimilitude accentuates your point.Thank you. True, Jaime's look was obvious disgust , plus he did hit the guy. I'll just have to accept it as a foolish fluke move like you said.   The fight had to end somehow. I just thought that way was lame, no  pun intended. At the time, I was thinking,  c'mon that just wouldn't happen. Over it now. Finished the first book...so awesome! loved it. can't wait to see how it all plays out on the show.
341	Anomandaris86	2011-05-16	Is it just me or was the Eyrie a lot different than described in the books? I seem to recall it was built into the side of a mountain, not on its own seperate "island" linked by a causeway. Also I pictured it a lot taller. Admittedly it's been a while since I read that book but isn't that how it was? Can someone who remembers it better comment on this?
342	Spionkop	2011-05-16	I just had it like the Edinburgh castle but on a bigger rock. I like their version more.
343	Zezibesh	2011-05-16	I didn't like the Eyrie. It was way too "fantasy" for me. IIRC it was described as a keep built on top of a high mountain range with a narrow mountain road leading to it. Not a lone peak in the middle of the Vale with a lavish palace on top, and physically impossible stone bridges leading to it.
344	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-16	Is it just me or was the Eyrie a lot different than described in the books? I seem to recall it was built into the side of a mountain, not on its own seperate "island" linked by a causeway. Also I pictured it a lot taller. Admittedly it's been a while since I read that book but isn't that how it was? Can someone who remembers it better comment on this?Yes, I believe it's described as being placed on the side of a very tall mountain (the Giant's Lance, which I imagined being Matterhorn-ish).  The TV version was OK, but didn't seem quite...vertical enough.
345	Zezibesh	2011-05-16	For reference, here's how I imagined the Eyrie to look like, almost down to every detail.Linky
346	Jojen	2011-05-16	I think the producers and the set designers have said that they were going for a more rounded-off feel for the Eyrie, with fewer straight lines and more curves. The outside had to match the interior.
					
					
							Edited by Jojen, 16 May 2011 - 04:10 PM.
347	Lord Bakke	2011-05-16	Yes, the Eyrie of the TV series is far from what it is described in the books. I think they failed to capture this alpine landscape the whole Vale should have. And yes, Ted Nadsmith depiction of the Eyrie is just beautiful.
348	Chataya de Fleury	2011-05-16	I thought the same things.  And, there is all that, but...they have a budget to follow.  I'm sure that doing the way castles + having a physically impossible Eyrie would have been absolutely budget busting.
349	elmis	2011-05-16	Totally agree with the Ted Nadsmith version, that is the way I pictured it as well.
350	Arbrigo Goldes	2011-05-16	yeah, the Eyrie looked pretty bad.  And it didn't make that much sense when someone (Tyrion?) said that it was impregnable.  I mean, are we supposed to believe that it is impregnable just because someone told us?  Makes my fantasy of Dany and Tyrion and someone else conquering the Vale with her dragons seem kinda lame.
351	Hyper	2011-05-16	Totally agree with the Ted Nadsmith version, that is the way I pictured it as well.I have to admit I did not picture it as shown in the show either - I pictured it more like a fortress built into a vertical rock wall - but the Ted Nadsnith version just looks so "fantasy-lite". I'm glad they did better than "Neuschwanstein on top of a rock". My biggest nit is the exaggerated height of the mountain top the fortress is sitting on. But I do like the look of the actual building(s).
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 16 May 2011 - 04:50 PM.
352	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-05-16	The only time I really got a sense of how high it was supposed to be was when Tyrion looked out of the sky cell, and even that didn't seem quite high enough... Still loved it, though!
353	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	yeah, the Eyrie looked pretty bad.  And it didn't make that much sense when someone (Tyrion?) said that it was impregnable.  I mean, are we supposed to believe that it is impregnable just because someone told us?  Makes my fantasy of Dany and Tyrion and someone else conquering the Vale with her dragons seem kinda lame.Why doesn't that make any sense? How are you going to use any siege engines against that castle and how are you going to attack it other than having your soldiers run up to it 3-4 at a time? That tactic is not going to conquer any castle and we don't even know how the the gates are located (which could bring even more problems). The book says that armies bashed themselves bloody against the Bloody Gate, and that was easier to attack than this castle by the description.So how do you gather that this is so easy to conquer that you say that it doesn't make sense?
354	The Bastard King	2011-05-16	It didn't seem as imposing as its described in the books. Nor was it as high as I imagined it to be, but the view of Tyrion looking over the edge was fantastic and made up for the height issue a bit. Also the interior looked gorgeous, probably one of my favourite sets.
355	PestilencE	2011-05-16	I just had it like the Edinburgh castle but on a bigger rock. I like their version more.ah, a fellow Edinburgher, I presume?Welcome to the forums. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />My idea of the Eyrie was pretty much the same as the tv show, but more elevated, and with more pointy towers. I am very satisfied with their rendition.
					
					
							Edited by PestilencE, 16 May 2011 - 07:47 PM.
356	Anomandaris86	2011-05-16	I thought the same things.  And, there is all that, but...they have a budget to follow.  I'm sure that doing the way castles + having a physically impossible Eyrie would have been absolutely budget busting.I was assuming it was going to be CGI no matter what. Do you think the version in the show isn't?
357	Anomandaris86	2011-05-16	Here's the entry on the Eyrie in the official wiki:http://awoiaf.wester...index.php/Eyrie
Yep. I was right.
358	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	I was anticipating something more like this:http://xxtayce.com/w...05/TheEyrie.png
					
					
							Edited by Xxtayce, 16 May 2011 - 09:06 PM.
359	Jojen	2011-05-16	Ok, so we know what everyone thinks of the outside, but how about the inside?
I, for one, like the throne room, particularly the weirwood throne. Can't imagine it's any more comfortable than the Iron Throne.
360	melicorn	2011-05-16	I didn't think the Eyrie was that terrible, but it was certainly different than what I would have done. I also had imagined it and the mountain it was on to be much taller. (I don't remember seeing any waterfalls either, shouldn't they have been visible?) Also I had always assumed it had much more rough hewn rock, so that it was difficult to tell where mountain ended and castle began. Maybe some kind of combination of this and this.
361	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	I loved the interior.
Budget constraints there may be, but they're making up for a lot of it with symbolic lighting. The slightly greenish tinge to the inside of The Eyrie definitely gives it the sadistic twisted feeing versus the cold and honorable Winterfell. 
Set-wise, it was a little smaller than I pictured in my head - I thought the room would be much larger - but other than that it was perfect.
362	Hyper	2011-05-16	I didn't think the Eyrie was that terrible, but it was certainly different than what I would have done. I also had imagined it and the mountain it was on to be much taller. (I don't remember seeing any waterfalls either, shouldn't they have been visible?) Also I had always assumed it had much more rough hewn rock, so that it was difficult to tell where mountain ended and castle began. Maybe some kind of combination of this and this.Not tall enough? If anything I think the mountain/cliff it was situated on was TOO tall - IMO. I'm not sure people really grasped the scale from that quick establishing shot.As for not being able to tell where the rock ends, and the castle begins - only the very tip is the castle.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 16 May 2011 - 09:55 PM.
363	Abaddon	2011-05-16	For me, the outside was a bit of a letdown compared to the book.  Too fantastical, the rock formation it was built on looks fake.
The inside (both the throne room and the sky cells), on the other hand, surpassed the book description.  Lovely, so cold, and perilous.
364	melicorn	2011-05-17	Not tall enough? If anything I think the mountain/cliff it was situated on was TOO tall - IMO. I'm not sure people really grasped the scale from that quick establishing shot.As for not being able to tell where the rock ends, and the castle begins - only the very tip is the castle.That is true that it was a pretty quick cut. I'll have to look at some more screen shots to really cement my opinion. But I never really got any kind of impression of vertigo, and I think that's the most important aspect of the Eyrie.The interiors were also quite different from what I had pictured, but I liked them quite a bit. I am looking forward to more scenes there.
365	Anomandaris86	2011-05-17	I was anticipating something more like this:http://xxtayce.com/w...05/TheEyrie.pngYes. That.
366	MountainThatRides	2011-05-17	Yeah, it was a tad too fantasy. Looked like the cover of a Dragonlance book, and it certainly isn't the mountaintop fortress that it could have been. I understand most of the changes D&D are making -- either they trim things down for the purposes of plot pacing (and to condense what is a very sprawling story), or for budgetary reasons, like why the conflict between Eddard and Jaime wasn't on horseback, at night, in the rain.
But since they were going to spend the money on a CGI Eyrie anyway, why not just make it a bit more faithful?
367	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-17	I always pictured it being on this huge mountain. IIRC it takes a couple days of climbing to get the to the top.
368	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	I'm surprised that some say it's too fantastical since the Eyrie of the book is extremely fantastical. To me it's just different, probably less fantastical if anything given it's less extreme location.
369	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-05-17	When I saw the path to Eyrie, my first thought was: "Stairway to Heaven?"
370	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-17	I liked it- the book version was different, but changing it doesn't really functionally affect anything and it looked imposing and pretty impenetrable.
371	Drychtnath	2011-05-17	The Eyrie is the second disappointment for me up to now in the series. The first was the casting of Robert Baratheon. Mary Addy is turning out to be quite good but I'm still not convinced. He just seems far too small to be Robert Baratheon. They should have cast a larger man for that role, I just can't imagine him crushing someone to death with a warhammer. He's 5' 10. When I was reading the books regarding Robert I did not imagine him of an average height. I imagined something completely different. It should be slanted colour-wise towards either white or blue, not greenish. I just thought it was very badly done, it's the only production or set issue I have had so far. Otherwise, the rest has been quite good.
372	Greywolf2375	2011-05-17	The Eyrie is the second disappointment for me up to now in the series. The first was the casting of Robert Baratheon. Mary Addy is turning out to be quite good but I'm still not convinced. He just seems far too small to be Robert Baratheon. They should have cast a larger man for that role, I just can't imagine him crushing someone to death with a warhammer. He's 5' 10. When I was reading the books regarding Robert I did not imagine him of an average height. I imagined something completely different. It should be slanted colour-wise towards either white or blue, not greenish. I just thought it was very badly done, it's the only production or set issue I have had so far. Otherwise, the rest has been quite good.I actually liked the coloring; I felt the green gave it sort of a general sickly feel - which reinforces Roberts frailness and Lysa's insanity.As for Addy, yes - Robert is described as being somewhere around 6'6'; but given that we don't need to see him defeating Rhaegar or in any way fighting, his inability to be truly physically imposing isn't as necessary.
373	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	For reference, here's how I imagined the Eyrie to look like, almost down to every detail.LinkyAgreed.Maybe they went for a diferent portray of castles. I mean, people in Europe can see castles like that if they travel a few hundred km. Maybe that is why they went with a mediteranean aproach to KL and a castle that looks like a temple in the Eyrie.I was a bit disapointed also, it looks like too much fantasy. I really liked the books because it didnt had much high fantasy stuff.
374	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	The Eyrie is the second disappointment for me up to now in the series. The first was the casting of Robert Baratheon. Mary Addy is turning out to be quite good but I'm still not convinced. He just seems far too small to be Robert Baratheon. They should have cast a larger man for that role, I just can't imagine him crushing someone to death with a warhammer. He's 5' 10. When I was reading the books regarding Robert I did not imagine him of an average height. I imagined something completely different. It should be slanted colour-wise towards either white or blue, not greenish. I just thought it was very badly done, it's the only production or set issue I have had so far. Otherwise, the rest has been quite good.The Mountain is not that big either... Not to mention Ilyn Payne, who is the ridiculous.
375	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-17	I liked the series version of the Eyrie.  Just wanted to counter the barrage of haters out there.  I also loved the prosthetic boob.
376	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	Agreed.Maybe they went for a diferent portray of castles. I mean, people in Europe can see castles like that if they travel a few hundred km. Maybe that is why they went with a mediteranean aproach to KL and a castle that looks like a temple in the Eyrie.I was a bit disapointed also, it looks like too much fantasy. I really liked the books because it didnt had much high fantasy stuff.But how isn't a big castle a day's ride up a mountain more high fantasy than the show version? For the show's version they took inspiration from Greece's Meteora, which is a complex of six monasteries (originally 20) built on just such natural rock pillars and they started building them in the 14:th century, which means medieval technology. There's nothing like the book Eyrie in our world though.
377	Xenophon	2011-05-17	But how isn't a big castle a day's ride up a mountain more high fantasy than the show version? For the show's version they took inspiration from Greece's Meteora, which is a complex of six monasteries (originally 20) built on just such natural rock pillars and they started building them in the 14:th century, which means medieval technology. There's nothing like the book Eyrie in our world though.Yeah, on a rewatch, it doesn't look as bad.  I originally thought the castle was on multiple pillars (like it had legs), but now I see it's a single block.   EDIT: No, it definitely has legs.  That's ridiculous, IMO.  Also that bridge leading to it is pure fantasy.  Look at it again, Tywin's bastard, that is a pure fantasy castle.  The Greek comparison is good--the way it looks in the opening credits--a central dome surrounded by slender towers--reminds me a bit of the Hagia Sophia.  Where are the towers in the show though?  It looked more like a single building.The throne room is awesome.  It really is reminiscent of an eagle's nest.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 17 May 2011 - 12:39 PM.
378	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-17	The Mountain is not that big either... Not to mention Ilyn Payne, who is the ridiculous.THe Mountain is pretty big - 7 foot is plenty big. It's about 6 inches shorter than the books say, but if you can find someone who is 7'6" AND built enough, and can act a bit and can sword fight and wants to be involved then you can complain. As it is he is considerably taller than every other actor and character so literally nothing is lost. He still looks invincible and ****ing scary. Payne is a bit off though
379	TrueMetis	2011-05-17	I always imagined it a being on top a single pillar of rock. is that not how it is described in the book? *shrugs*
380	shadow of death	2011-05-17	To me in the book it seemed the most "fantasy" of all the castles.
On the show it seems if someone took out the bridge the people in the castle would be totally screwed.
381	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-17	On the show it seems if someone took out the bridge the people in the castle would be totally screwed.They would just fly down...
382	Anomandaris86	2011-05-17	But since they were going to spend the money on a CGI Eyrie anyway, why not just make it a bit more faithful?My thought too. There doesn't seem to be any reason for making it the way they did.
383	Xenophon	2011-05-17	I always imagined it a being on top a single pillar of rock. is that not how it is described in the book? *shrugs*I think it's described as on a mountain, not specified if its actually on the top or just a ridge, IIRC.  But it's certainly not sitting on top of a bunch of different pillars of rock like in the show.But I guess the castle being on "legs" is necessary for the moon door to be a trapdoor in the center of the great hall.
384	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	Yeah, on a rewatch, it doesn't look as bad.  I originally thought the castle was on multiple pillars (like it had legs), but now I see it's a single block.   EDIT: No, it definitely has legs.  That's ridiculous, IMO.  Also that bridge leading to it is pure fantasy.  Look at it again, Tywin's bastard, that is a pure fantasy castle.  The Greek comparison is good--the way it looks in the opening credits--a central dome surrounded by slender towers--reminds me a bit of the Hagia Sophia.  Where are the towers in the show though?  It looked more like a single building.The throne room is awesome.  It really is reminiscent of an eagle's nest.The stone pillar is eroded so it's a bit hollowed out but my point firmly remains, the book Eyrie is certainly more fantastical. I never said the show version wasn't fantastical, we are actually watching a fantasy show, I pointed out that pretty similar things have been built in our medieval times while the book Eyrie could not unless you wore out more slaves than the pyramids required (and possibly not even then because there's hardly any room to ship up the huge stones that day's march up the mountain).GRRM definitely tried to make something really fantastical with the Eyrie so the fantasy argument against the show version just doesn't hold water. If someone doesn't like it, that's how it is, but to say that it's too much fantasy is completely backwards (and even more insignificant as the show will actually have dragons).
385	Xenophon	2011-05-17	The stone pillar is eroded so it's a bit hollowed out but my point firmly remains, the book Eyrie is certainly more fantastical. I never said the show version wasn't fantastical, we are actually watching a fantasy show, I pointed out that pretty similar things have been built in our medieval times while the book Eyrie could not unless you wore out more slaves than the pyramids required (and possibly not even then because there's hardly any room to ship up the huge stones that day's march up the mountain).GRRM definitely tried to make something really fantastical with the Eyrie so the fantasy argument against the show version just doesn't hold water. If someone doesn't like it, that's how it is, but to say that it's too much fantasy is completely backwards (and even more insignificant as the show will actually have dragons).I don't really see why you think the book version is more fantastic than the show version of the Eyrie (as far as I can tell, the only really unrealistic thing about the book-Eyrie is how high it is on the shoulder of the mountain).  But I agree, it's hard to speak about what is or isn't realistic in a show with a giant magical wall of ice.  I guess I just found a castle on what looks like a bunch of legs to be more unbelievable than the other sets, for example, the impossibly tall towers of the Red Keep.  It's purely a subjective thing, but for some reason a castle on top of a bunch of giant rock columns breaks my suspension of disbelief more than the other "fantastic" sets.
386	King_Baratheon	2011-05-17	Like many, the Eyrie is my favorite castle in the novels. Yes, it looked completely different in my head than on HBO. Ted Nadsmith's looks amazing, very high fantasy, yet still not what I imagined. First of all, the Eyrie is supposed to be a somewhat small castle, especially by the time you get up to "sky". I always envisioned it to be tall and slender jutting out of the mountain side. Neither the show or Mr. Nadsmith captured this. On HBO it seemed far to large, too round, and not high enough. It looked awesome, it looked impregnable, yet it didn't look like it was described in the book. I thought with CGI they would at least be able to fashion it in the novel's mold. Yet it looks like they had their own vision of it, it was still pretty cool lookin.
387	Jonias Snow	2011-05-17	There are copyright issues, so HBO would have to stay away from anything resembling Nasmith's version.
I really like the show version, being in Architecture. Their Eyrie had a Byzantium (which I love) feel to it, and they placed it on a pillarlike rock formation as big as a mountain, like many of the monasteries you see in SE. Europe. The natural causeway running to the mountain was an interesting choice, one I like too. The designers obviously borrowed from multiple time periods to create something new, that cannot be pinpointed to any time period here, which I believe was their intent, if you watched the production clips. 
I actually like their design better than Nasmith (to European), maybe cause I have a soft spot for Byzantine architecture.
If you freeze the video you can see small waycastles or gates along the causeway.
388	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	I don't really see why you think the book version is more fantastic than the show version of the Eyrie (as far as I can tell, the only really unrealistic thing about the book-Eyrie is how high it is on the shoulder of the mountain).  But I agree, it's hard to speak about what is or isn't realistic in a show with a giant magical wall of ice.  I guess I just found a castle on what looks like a bunch of legs to be more unbelievable than the other sets, for example, the impossibly tall towers of the Red Keep.  It's purely a subjective thing, but for some reason a castle on top of a bunch of giant rock columns breaks my suspension of disbelief more than the other "fantastic" sets.It's just one rock column that has been eroded to become hollow but that's really only the very unusual thing, that the rock composition seem to be mixed so some parts can erode quicker than others. Other than that it's a castle built in a similar place to where the medieval people of our world actually built things. So the fantastical thing is an abnormal rock formation.With the book, you have to travel up the mountain for a day on a road so tiny that two people can't even ride beside each other and it's straining to do it unburdened. All that way they had to transport the immense stones required to build a castle, which is sounds to be impossible. It's also very fantasy to put it an entire day's ride up a mountain, instead of an hour, which frankly would have been a terribly long ride anyway and been way more than necessary to have an impregnable castle. Especially since no one has even breached the Bloody Gate. There's a lot of fantastical things here.I don't disagree that the Eyrie looks fantastical in the show, I just don't think it stands out in believability that much. As you say, The Wall and the Red Keep wouldn't be able to be built without magic, and I suppose a lot of the old castles were built with magic (and some newer as we know Dragonstone was done so, and thus likely the Red Keep as well). If the design of the Eyrie doesn't fully work for you, that's not much to say about though. We like what we like.
389	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	The stone pillar is eroded so it's a bit hollowed out but my point firmly remains, the book Eyrie is certainly more fantastical. I never said the show version wasn't fantastical, we are actually watching a fantasy show, I pointed out that pretty similar things have been built in our medieval times while the book Eyrie could not unless you wore out more slaves than the pyramids required (and possibly not even then because there's hardly any room to ship up the huge stones that day's march up the mountain).GRRM definitely tried to make something really fantastical with the Eyrie so the fantasy argument against the show version just doesn't hold water. If someone doesn't like it, that's how it is, but to say that it's too much fantasy is completely backwards (and even more insignificant as the show will actually have dragons).GRRM portrayal of the Eyrie was quite fantastical, but not for the castle but for the natural beautiy surounding it. Im pretty sure the description of the castle is that its mostly 7 towers barely tied together and that its also the smallest of all the lordÂ´s castle. I just rewatched the scene where the Eyrie is show and I had not noticed before buy you can actually see the three gates/castles before the Eyrie. And they are freaking small compared to how the Eyrie look. Of course its CG and the perspective isnt that great, and even in real life whenever you see something extremely big you have problems realizing how big it is, but the Eyrie in the shots is incrediblely big, maybe bigger than Winterfell.Look at this picture and then look at the scene in the episode:http://imageshack.us...848/eyriel.jpg/Westeros story is 12.000 years old... The book Eyrie could have taken centuries to be build. Harrenhall took like 3 generations.If we could do the pyramids we could do the Eyrie. It doesnt sound as fantastical to me.Oh, and the sky cell was way too big.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 17 May 2011 - 09:04 PM.
390	Xenophon	2011-05-17	All that way they had to transport the immense stones required to build a castle, which is sounds to be impossible. It's also very fantasy to put it an entire day's ride up a mountain, instead of an hour, which frankly would have been a terribly long ride anyway and been way more than necessary to have an impregnable castle.I always figured they just quarried the rock out of the mountainside itself (sort of like the Incas did in some places).  But, yes, having it hours up was fairly unrealistic--can you imagine getting the wine up there?Anyway, I don't know what it is, but something about the outside shot of the TV-Eyrie just looks silly to me--like it's going to walk away on those legs.
391	adamsputnik	2011-05-17	I don't mind it, really. It is very difficult for me to picture how it looks in the books. I always figured a bunch of high ridges leading to the peak, but I'd have to read the description again to get a feel for it. The first time I saw the bridge/causeway I thought that was a bit fanciful, but upon reflection it doesn't look so bad, although there is no mention of such a causeway in the books.
I'm not too fussed though, it still looks pretty cool, and the view from the Sky Cells was rad.
392	CelticCail	2011-05-17	I am not a fan of the TV version.  It gave none of the whole takes-three-days-to-get-to-it feel.  They basically just walk/ride there, no problem.  Doesn't much look "impregnable."
393	Knight Of The North	2011-05-18	Hmmm, I'm probably in a minority here, but I thought that the Eyrie was entirely utilatarian - as if it was built for nothing but defence, and that everything was suited to making the mountain impossible to take. I imagined the actual mountain to be two or three times as WIDE as the show displayed it to be, and the actual Castle to be far smaller. It's a fortress made to beat off any Army, with lots of little keeps along the road up. I just thought the Artists went "TO HELL WITH IT!" and did a pillar castle.And Ilyn Payne...I could not stop laughing....
394	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-18	GRRM portrayal of the Eyrie was quite fantastical, but not for the castle but for the natural beautiy surounding it. Im pretty sure the description of the castle is that its mostly 7 towers barely tied together and that its also the smallest of all the lordÂ´s castle. I just rewatched the scene where the Eyrie is show and I had not noticed before buy you can actually see the three gates/castles before the Eyrie. And they are freaking small compared to how the Eyrie look. Of course its CG and the perspective isnt that great, and even in real life whenever you see something extremely big you have problems realizing how big it is, but the Eyrie in the shots is incrediblely big, maybe bigger than Winterfell.Look at this picture and then look at the scene in the episode:http://imageshack.us...848/eyriel.jpg/Westeros story is 12.000 years old... The book Eyrie could have taken centuries to be build. Harrenhall took like 3 generations.If we could do the pyramids we could do the Eyrie. It doesnt sound as fantastical to me.Oh, and the sky cell was way too big.It doesn't have to be the size of Winterfell to be impossible to build without magic. They can't get any stone etc up from the bottom because they never built a road large enough to do that and we know they didn't use stone from the mountain because it's not the same kind of stone (and you don't paint a castle). You can't build cranes etc that can lift the stones that far either.And to say that if the pyramids are possible then the Eyrie is possible is just mind-boggling. The pyramids were built on the ground where you had a lot of room to build all the machinery required to lift the stones to where they should be, not on a mountain where there's not even roads to bring the material up.And the show Eyrie is larger but it's still built where there seems to be a proper road, which means that you can bring the material up there. It's not the size of the book Eyrie that makes any problems whatsoever, it's the logistics. If you could build a small castle you could build a big one, that's just a matter of time.
395	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-18	I always figured they just quarried the rock out of the mountainside itself (sort of like the Incas did in some places).  But, yes, having it hours up was fairly unrealistic--can you imagine getting the wine up there?Anyway, I don't know what it is, but something about the outside shot of the TV-Eyrie just looks silly to me--like it's going to walk away on those legs.But then the castle would have had to be the same color as the mountain, and definitely invisible from where Cat first sees it.Yes, we all see things in different ways. I still can't see the pillar as legs so that's a reason why it looks better to me.
396	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-18	Hmmm, I'm probably in a minority here, but I thought that the Eyrie was entirely utilatarian - as if it was built for nothing but defence, and that everything was suited to making the mountain impossible to take. I imagined the actual mountain to be two or three times as WIDE as the show displayed it to be, and the actual Castle to be far smaller. It's a fortress made to beat off any Army, with lots of little keeps along the road up. I just thought the Artists went "TO HELL WITH IT!" and did a pillar castle.And Ilyn Payne...I could not stop laughing....There's nothing utilitarian about the Eyrie. It's easier to take the only road to the castle than it is to surround a castle built on the ground and they'll starve as well up there as the people at Storm's End did. The only thing you really accomplish with the Eyrie is making your own day to day logistics a huge pain so it must have been built on vanity.And why would you really need the Eyrie to be impregnable? No one has taken even the Bloody Gate. And if the Bloody Gate can't be taken as it's described in the book, then there's no weight to the argument that the show Eyrie wouldn't be able to be called impregnable.
397	ser_nerdick	2011-05-18	The Eyrie was different than the description in the book, but I still thought it worked well. If I remember correctly, the sky cells were described in the book as being almost like a honeycomb structure, and as such I pictured a large number of cells. We are only shown two (?) in the show, but I think they looked great. There was some scribblings on the wall and also what appeared to be a line of water dripping/flowing down the center of the cell to the outside which gave it the appearance of having a slightly slanted floor (as described in the book). 
I also liked the throne room. Overall I think they did a great job with the Eyrie. Better than King's Landing (in my opinion).
398	Knight Of The North	2011-05-18	There's nothing utilitarian about the Eyrie. It's easier to take the only road to the castle than it is to surround a castle built on the ground and they'll starve as well up there as the people at Storm's End did. The only thing you really accomplish with the Eyrie is making your own day to day logistics a huge pain so it must have been built on vanity.And why would you really need the Eyrie to be impregnable? No one has taken even the Bloody Gate. And if the Bloody Gate can't be taken as it's described in the book, then there's no weight to the argument that the show Eyrie wouldn't be able to be called impregnable.True, but you forget the actual army besieging it. The surrounding hill tribes, the landscape and the conditions of the Vale mean that disease, weather and supply shortages would annihilate any army trying to starve the Eyrie out. Big caravans of food passing through the Hills? Entire clans would band together to take one. Mountains mean heavy rain and harsh snow in autumn and winter - there goes any chance of decent quarters. Storm's End sits on the edge of a bountiful farmland, while The Eyrie sits on the edge of a logistical wasteland. Any army sitting there would die while the Defenders sat and ate their supplies; the builders knew this and instead made it invulnerable to assault - the only way a fortress like the Eyrie could be taken.And just because a fortification has never been tested by no means dictates it's purpose. It, indeed, seems likely that The Bloody Gate, The Gates of the Moon, and The Eyrie were all built at roughly the same time, as they are built with similar architecture (centered around gates and towers) and sit along the same road.The idea of building a castle in the Mountains for vanity is quite strange. Why not build it down near Gulltown, where the mountains are fewer and they have a port within easy reach? I'm sorry, but the vanity argument fails to hold water upon close examination.
399	Aoife	2011-05-18	But I agree, it's hard to speak about what is or isn't realistic in a show with a giant magical wall of ice.  I guess I just found a castle on what looks like a bunch of legs to be more unbelievable than the other sets, for example, the impossibly tall towers of the Red Keep.  It's purely a subjective thing, but for some reason a castle on top of a bunch of giant rock columns breaks my suspension of disbelief more than the other "fantastic" sets.Normally I would say the same, but I have been thinking about it more -- from the exterior shots, the Eyrie's great hall / throne room does not appear to be part of any overhang. Thus, for the Moon Door to work where it is, there has to be empty space below it that is part of "the mountain" itself. It all still falls apart if I think about it too long (such as building on separate spires to work with, or drilling through a natural platform after the castle's built to reach empty air), but I'm willing to say that's just enough explanation to suspend my total disbelief.
400	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-18	True, but you forget the actual army besieging it. The surrounding hill tribes, the landscape and the conditions of the Vale mean that disease, weather and supply shortages would annihilate any army trying to starve the Eyrie out. Big caravans of food passing through the Hills? Entire clans would band together to take one. Mountains mean heavy rain and harsh snow in autumn and winter - there goes any chance of decent quarters. Storm's End sits on the edge of a bountiful farmland, while The Eyrie sits on the edge of a logistical wasteland. Any army sitting there would die while the Defenders sat and ate their supplies; the builders knew this and instead made it invulnerable to assault - the only way a fortress like the Eyrie could be taken.And just because a fortification has never been tested by no means dictates it's purpose. It, indeed, seems likely that The Bloody Gate, The Gates of the Moon, and The Eyrie were all built at roughly the same time, as they are built with similar architecture (centered around gates and towers) and sit along the same road.The idea of building a castle in the Mountains for vanity is quite strange. Why not build it down near Gulltown, where the mountains are fewer and they have a port within easy reach? I'm sorry, but the vanity argument fails to hold water upon close examination.The mountain clans are no match for knights, otherwise the road to the Vale would never be used at all since normal convoys in peace time will have far less guards than a military one. You can also strike a bargain with the clans, as Tyrion did, since they hate the Vale. That's a non-issue for any army that could think of conquering the Vale.And you're wrong about where the Eyrie is situated. It's the road to the Vale that's harsh but the actual Vale is very bountiful. It's described as a huge stretch of rich soil, broad rivers and hundreds of lakes. Once you get there you'll have plenty of food to take and that's why they have the Bloody Gate and that's been all that they have needed (save for whatever may have happened when Aegon came). Your argument only works for the show's version because that had nothing but rocks.Are you actually trying to tell me that the reason they put the Eyrie a day's ride on a scrawny path up a mountain is that it's necessary to be certain to keep it? Even an hour up the same path would be longer than necessary to have the exact same effect. The location of the Eyrie screams of "hey, look what we could accomplish!" as it has no other function than to impress.
401	Hyper	2011-05-18	Here are some pretty good screencaps of the Eyrie, as further fodder for discussion:
Distant view of the entire Eyrie - shows the path and three smaller fortresses leading up to the top:http://film-book.com...the-lion-01.png
The view from the sky cells:http://film-book.com...the-lion-02.pnghttp://film-book.com...the-lion-01.png
402	Knight Of The North	2011-05-19	The mountain clans are no match for knights, otherwise the road to the Vale would never be used at all since normal convoys in peace time will have far less guards than a military one. You can also strike a bargain with the clans, as Tyrion did, since they hate the Vale. That's a non-issue for any army that could think of conquering the Vale.And you're wrong about where the Eyrie is situated. It's the road to the Vale that's harsh but the actual Vale is very bountiful. It's described as a huge stretch of rich soil, broad rivers and hundreds of lakes. Once you get there you'll have plenty of food to take and that's why they have the Bloody Gate and that's been all that they have needed (save for whatever may have happened when Aegon came). Your argument only works for the show's version because that had nothing but rocks.Are you actually trying to tell me that the reason they put the Eyrie a day's ride on a scrawny path up a mountain is that it's necessary to be certain to keep it? Even an hour up the same path would be longer than necessary to have the exact same effect. The location of the Eyrie screams of "hey, look what we could accomplish!" as it has no other function than to impress.For one thing, the idea that troop quality is the most important factor when it comes to guarding supply routes is simply wrong. See The Peinsular War, the Roman Invasion of Britain, and the Spanish Reconquista for examples. All of these show that ambush, numbers, conditions and planning are overreaching superiority of local knowledge are far, far more important. And if The Vale Lords haven't been able to strike up a deal with the Mountain Clans, why would any other Lord? Tyrion only did so because he was desperate and lacked the natural prejudices of most Westerosi Lords. It is the BIGGEST issue for anyone conquering the Vale; peace convoys are usually dignitaries and periodic trade caravans that stop off along the Road, and are far less obvious targets than a plump military convoy. The supplies neccessary to maintain an Army would either have to garrison along the entire road, depleting their forces, or simply stomach their losses. Besides - who's to say that the Vale Lords wouldn't get over their prejudices first, with their home being invaded, and recruit them first?And I believe the actual soil of the Eyrie is so poor that it can't maintain a heartwood - The Vale itself may be bountiful, but the area surrounding The Giant's Horn certainly isn't. And besides - the positions needed to actually stop anyone going in and out would be so ludicrously tight and cramped that the Defenders would struggle to adequately pillage the surround countryside simply because they have to keep riding down the mountain to do it.And by that same logic, why have two walls when one stops people coming in and out? An hour is a completely viable march for even a tired soldier. A day is not. A day's march up a steep mountain prevents you from using siege engines, it prevents you from co-ordinating assaults properly, and it also gives you plenty of chance to harass them on their way up.Your idea that it is built for Vanity just simply doesn't make sense. For one thing, it is small and hard to get to; though you may argue that it is there to be seen, it's size is clearly not made to impress, with many of it's components spread out and small. Hardly awe-inspiring stuff. But it is, however, very good from a defensive standpoint; the most difficult fortification in the world is a stone tower which you can't hurl rocks at, which is almost exactly what the Eyrie is.Furthermore, the building styles suggest consistency throughout cultures. The Lannisters build for glamour and vanity, having never suffered much from invaders. The Starks build for defense and utility, due to their wild domain and the threat of the Wall. It would make sense that if the Vale Lords built a Gate that could not be taken, they would build a Fortress that could not be taken.
403	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-19	For one thing, the idea that troop quality is the most important factor when it comes to guarding supply routes is simply wrong. See The Peinsular War, the Roman Invasion of Britain, and the Spanish Reconquista for examples. All of these show that ambush, numbers, conditions and planning are overreaching superiority of local knowledge are far, far more important. And if The Vale Lords haven't been able to strike up a deal with the Mountain Clans, why would any other Lord? Tyrion only did so because he was desperate and lacked the natural prejudices of most Westerosi Lords. It is the BIGGEST issue for anyone conquering the Vale; peace convoys are usually dignitaries and periodic trade caravans that stop off along the Road, and are far less obvious targets than a plump military convoy. The supplies neccessary to maintain an Army would either have to garrison along the entire road, depleting their forces, or simply stomach their losses. Besides - who's to say that the Vale Lords wouldn't get over their prejudices first, with their home being invaded, and recruit them first?And I believe the actual soil of the Eyrie is so poor that it can't maintain a heartwood - The Vale itself may be bountiful, but the area surrounding The Giant's Horn certainly isn't. And besides - the positions needed to actually stop anyone going in and out would be so ludicrously tight and cramped that the Defenders would struggle to adequately pillage the surround countryside simply because they have to keep riding down the mountain to do it.And by that same logic, why have two walls when one stops people coming in and out? An hour is a completely viable march for even a tired soldier. A day is not. A day's march up a steep mountain prevents you from using siege engines, it prevents you from co-ordinating assaults properly, and it also gives you plenty of chance to harass them on their way up.Your idea that it is built for Vanity just simply doesn't make sense. For one thing, it is small and hard to get to; though you may argue that it is there to be seen, it's size is clearly not made to impress, with many of it's components spread out and small. Hardly awe-inspiring stuff. But it is, however, very good from a defensive standpoint; the most difficult fortification in the world is a stone tower which you can't hurl rocks at, which is almost exactly what the Eyrie is.Furthermore, the building styles suggest consistency throughout cultures. The Lannisters build for glamour and vanity, having never suffered much from invaders. The Starks build for defense and utility, due to their wild domain and the threat of the Wall. It would make sense that if the Vale Lords built a Gate that could not be taken, they would build a Fortress that could not be taken.There's not much to know about the area because the only thing the attackers are interested in is the road, and that's easy to map out quickly. As for why the Vale hasn't stricken a deal with the clans, they haven't even been trying. The lords of the Vale seem to see them as inferior people and since their knights seemingly beat the poorly equipped clan people quite soundly they have no reason to bargain with them. Why give something to someone when that someone isn't a real threat? And what has ever given you the impression that people in Westeros are soon to forget old sins? Especially when the people of the Vale don't think any army can even get past the Bloody Gate? A conquering army would probably not have that much trouble with them either but they could always use more men so they might certainly strike a bargain with the clans if they saw it fit. That, or someone like Tywin might just set out the Mountain with a strong force to scare them off once and for all while they were besieging the Bloody Gate. Then again I'm not so sure the mountain clans would even try to attack a conquering force. They want to see the Vale fall because they specifically hate the people of the Vale, plus that we already know that the clans just vanish when knights are set out to hunt them, they don't even try to fight a mighty force (which is understandable because poorly equipped warriors will just die against knights, there's no question about that). They might just bide their time.You'll have to specify where it says that any place in the Vale lacks for fertile soil (I don't care about transported soil up to the Eyrie, that's irrelevant to this point). When Catelyn rides through it we are only told how wonderful the land is. And even if the area around the Giant's Lance had been less fertile, that's no problem since you don't need to steal provisions from exactly where the host sits. I don't get at all what you're talking about the besiegers riding down the mountain. The entire point of the Eyrie's position is that you don't have to ride up the mountain, you just take the one and only road leading up to the Eyrie and keep that. And there definitely won't be any problems pillaging the Vale because if you are besieging the road to the Eyrie, you've of course already defeated the army of the Vale. The Eyrie holds very few soliders so that's irrelevant to the initial conquest. The only reason you want to make the Eyrie surrender is to get the lord and get a definitive end.The reason the Eyrie is impregnable is not at all that soldiers are tired when they get up there. We are directly told why it's impregnable and that's because you are subjected to attack in places where you can't attack yourself, plus that there's no room to fight. You can't take any castle if you can't get lots of to attack it at the same time. Why do you think the Bloody Gate has never been taken? Nothing says that people get tired by getting there (the soldiers could sit and rest 400 meters away until they are perfectly rested if they so wished), the one and only reason is that the road leading to the gate is too narrow to make a real attack. If the road is narrow, it doesn't matter how big the conquering army is. If your argument about the Eyrie was true, the Bloody Gate wouldn't be nearly as strong in people's mouths. Please explain why the Bloody Gate hasn't been run down if it takes a days mountain march to make things impregnable? The defensive idea behind the Eyrie and behind the Bloody Gate is exactly the same, and the book does plenty to show us that with how people talk about them. We also are told that to besiege a castle you need to surround it, which is extremely evident in how Jaime had to separate his men in order to try to take Riverrun.And another reason why it's ridiculous that the placement of the Eyrie is necessary to make it impregnable through tiring out the conquering force is that Storm's End (even without the might of the Stormlands) couldn't be taken by the mightiest single army in Westeros after almost a year's siege, and that's very accessible on a plain and the lords could sit calmly and feast within sight of the walls. The most comfortable siege ever, but they still had to resort to trying to starve them out for many months because strong walls is apparently all you need. If you need the position of the Eyrie, how come Storm's End didn't fall?As for the vanity part, I don't get how you can think that the vanity part had to do with how big the castle was. No one is like to fit their castle with more luxury than Casterly Rock anyway because no one has the money to match the Lannisters, and nothing will be bigger than Harrenhal and since Winterfell was the largest before that it should tell us that size weren't seen as that prestigious as the other high lords have more resources. The Eyrie is awe-inspiring because it's built on a place where it's pretty much impossible to build a castle, thus a building feat of marvel. It's a castle that's basically at the top of the world, with a view that leaves everything else far behind.For the last part, I don't think Winterfell is very well made for defense. They have a forrest much too close to the walls, plus that it's so big despite that there's less people, that you can't man the walls everywhere as strong as you could one of the fortresses of the south unless you've managed to get a lot of reinforcements from the banners inside the walls. The Lannisters didn't build Casterly Rock either.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 19 May 2011 - 08:45 AM.
404	Knight Of The North	2011-05-19	Just because it's easy to map out doesn't mean you can't set an ambush up on it. Infact, that makes it easier. A single road is only a single jugular, and that means it would be constantly harassed from all sides. To maintain that amount of supplies, you would have to have a constant flow of resources, and everytime you sent out men to 'scare the Clans off', another clan would attack further up the road. And I answered the questions you posed, but you did not answer mine; if their homeland was being invaded, that is, gotten past The Bloody Gate, why wouldn't the Vale Lords recruit the clans who they knew could harass the Road? It doesn't make sense to say a foreign Lord would instantly think to recruit them while the men who've known their capabilities since first settling there wouldn't. And if you even glance at the descriptions of the Clansmen, it's obvious that they wouldn't 'bide their time' - they would attack anything that was bountiful.
It's a days mule-ride to the Eyrie. You can either have an entire army stretched along a craggy, unsure cliff path that requires mules to properly navigate, or have them concentrated at any point, of which they would have to ride down the mountain to get supplies. And the idea of having to make your men, most of them unfit peasantry, rest a dozen or so times a day to get up to the Eyrie is ludicrous. What if they're defeated? Then you have to do it again. And yes, that's the reason it is impossible to assault it; but as I recall, you did not ask about that. You asked how the distance was a defensive feature; I answered. A day's march is completely different in both logistical terms, the actual movement of men, and tactical terms, their exhaustion upon arrival. Stone to Snow is forest; perfect terrain for harassment, and the easiest part of the journey. Woe, another Castle, the one that has been chucking arrows at you since you started trekking towards it. Snow to Sky is steeper, and apparently a good place to rest (?). Your idea of simply resting along the way completely forgets that it's not a pleasant road, it's not easy to stop and rest in comfort, and it's narrow, so it's quite easy for a few archers to constantly be popping off arrows at you. In short, all the benefits of having the high ground constantly ala, -fighting up a mountain. The fact that they were well-built fortifications shows exactly the kind of builders the Vale Lords were; they saw a mountain, noted that if anyone breached The Bloody Gate, it would require something even greater to stop them, and a mountain like the Giant's Lance fits the bill perfectly. Tell me, do you ever hear about Mountain Fortresses being regarded as being easy to take, regardless of their fortifications? The Eagle's Nest, Gawilghur, Innsbruck Castle? No. A mountain as small as Gawilghur provides massive advantages to a defending force. 
And I'm not saying a mountain is the key component in making a Fortress invulnerable; I've never stateed that. I'm saying that it is a massive tactical and strategic advantage, that would justify building it in such difficult conditions. The idea of it being constructed for vanity does not. And the Army of the Reach was led by Mace Tyrell, and I do not believe your assessment of 'mightiest single army' is correct; see the Battle of the Trident. No offence to any lovers of the Tyrell family, but any Army led by Mace is unlikely to assault Storm's End. Either way, there was no way a castle like Storm's End could be built in the Eyrie - it was supposedly aided by Bran the Builder (!). It's a seaside fortress; it's hard to take for similar but not identical reasons to a Mountain. It can be supplied from the sea, unless blockaded, and restricts movement. A mountain restricts movement and imposes harsh conditions upon it's attackers. Saying 'Storm's End is impenetrable and it hasn't got a mountain' just doesn't work. The Eyrie hasn't got forty-foot-thick walls.
And you're saying that small castles with very little decoration are symbols of vanity simply because they cannot be any flashier or bigger than the other castles? Infact, that supports my argument. If they couldn't outshine Harrenhall or Casterly Rock, why try? Why not make it the most impenetrable fortress? 
And Winterfell is described first and foremost as a Castle. It's encircled by two massive granite walls, with a moat inbetween, and it's built smack-dap in the middle of the North, a region generally considered damned unruly. It may not be impenetrable, but it has defence in mind, certainly.
405	Zezibesh	2011-05-19	From how I see it, the Eyrie was mainly meant to keep the ruling family of the Vale alive if anyone ever got through the Bloody Gate, and I'm sure the Eyrie could house a small amount of people for a VERY long time with sufficient supplies, although not in winter.
406	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-19	Just because it's easy to map out doesn't mean you can't set an ambush up on it. Infact, that makes it easier. A single road is only a single jugular, and that means it would be constantly harassed from all sides. To maintain that amount of supplies, you would have to have a constant flow of resources, and everytime you sent out men to 'scare the Clans off', another clan would attack further up the road. And I answered the questions you posed, but you did not answer mine; if their homeland was being invaded, that is, gotten past The Bloody Gate, why wouldn't the Vale Lords recruit the clans who they knew could harass the Road? It doesn't make sense to say a foreign Lord would instantly think to recruit them while the men who've known their capabilities since first settling there wouldn't. And if you even glance at the descriptions of the Clansmen, it's obvious that they wouldn't 'bide their time' - they would attack anything that was bountiful.It's a days mule-ride to the Eyrie. You can either have an entire army stretched along a craggy, unsure cliff path that requires mules to properly navigate, or have them concentrated at any point, of which they would have to ride down the mountain to get supplies. And the idea of having to make your men, most of them unfit peasantry, rest a dozen or so times a day to get up to the Eyrie is ludicrous. What if they're defeated? Then you have to do it again. And yes, that's the reason it is impossible to assault it; but as I recall, you did not ask about that. You asked how the distance was a defensive feature; I answered. A day's march is completely different in both logistical terms, the actual movement of men, and tactical terms, their exhaustion upon arrival. Stone to Snow is forest; perfect terrain for harassment, and the easiest part of the journey. Woe, another Castle, the one that has been chucking arrows at you since you started trekking towards it. Snow to Sky is steeper, and apparently a good place to rest (?). Your idea of simply resting along the way completely forgets that it's not a pleasant road, it's not easy to stop and rest in comfort, and it's narrow, so it's quite easy for a few archers to constantly be popping off arrows at you. In short, all the benefits of having the high ground constantly ala, -fighting up a mountain. The fact that they were well-built fortifications shows exactly the kind of builders the Vale Lords were; they saw a mountain, noted that if anyone breached The Bloody Gate, it would require something even greater to stop them, and a mountain like the Giant's Lance fits the bill perfectly. Tell me, do you ever hear about Mountain Fortresses being regarded as being easy to take, regardless of their fortifications? The Eagle's Nest, Gawilghur, Innsbruck Castle? No. A mountain as small as Gawilghur provides massive advantages to a defending force. And I'm not saying a mountain is the key component in making a Fortress invulnerable; I've never stateed that. I'm saying that it is a massive tactical and strategic advantage, that would justify building it in such difficult conditions. The idea of it being constructed for vanity does not. And the Army of the Reach was led by Mace Tyrell, and I do not believe your assessment of 'mightiest single army' is correct; see the Battle of the Trident. No offence to any lovers of the Tyrell family, but any Army led by Mace is unlikely to assault Storm's End. Either way, there was no way a castle like Storm's End could be built in the Eyrie - it was supposedly aided by Bran the Builder (!). It's a seaside fortress; it's hard to take for similar but not identical reasons to a Mountain. It can be supplied from the sea, unless blockaded, and restricts movement. A mountain restricts movement and imposes harsh conditions upon it's attackers. Saying 'Storm's End is impenetrable and it hasn't got a mountain' just doesn't work. The Eyrie hasn't got forty-foot-thick walls.And you're saying that small castles with very little decoration are symbols of vanity simply because they cannot be any flashier or bigger than the other castles? Infact, that supports my argument. If they couldn't outshine Harrenhall or Casterly Rock, why try? Why not make it the most impenetrable fortress? And Winterfell is described first and foremost as a Castle. It's encircled by two massive granite walls, with a moat inbetween, and it's built smack-dap in the middle of the North, a region generally considered damned unruly. It may not be impenetrable, but it has defence in mind, certainly.I see no reason why the clans would be stupid enough to attack big forces that are well trained and well equipped. Remember that they've never even seen a proper army, which is why their jaws drop when they see Tywin's host, even though it's only part the whole Lannister host. There's a reason why the knights of the Vale say that they melt away when they ride out to deal with them. It's because when the clans face the organized knights they die like flies because they don't have proper weapons and no armor. Think then what would happen if an entire army marched on the Vale. The clans obviously mainly stick to attacking easier targets, like Cat's following. They'd probably try to attack the smaller military convoys but nothing in the books indicates that they would have any success (since the convoys probably wouldn't be very small through hostile territory). The whole point of that Tyrion manages to strike a deal with them is because they have no chance to contend with Vale soldiers without real equipment.If a conquering army has breached the Bloody Gate (that's the real problem of the Vale, not the Eyrie), it's too late for the Vale to think about the mountain men. The superior army (which it will be if it breaks the gate) holds the road to the clans, plus that the clans are either already driven off by superior force or have joined the conquering army. And even if they could reach them, they certainly can't arm them which would be necessary for the clans to be effective. But still we always come back to that the mountain clans absolutely hate the Vale and would never bow to them in any way.You've not read what I've written. I've said multiple times that you don't bother with the road up to the Eyrie. You take the base of the mountain so they are cut off, and then you demand surrender or burn everything in the Vale (after you've taken what you need). It's their choice and it'll be exactly like the siege of Storm's End (apart from that it's basically impossible to smuggle anything to the Eyrie so they would have fallen where Stannis didn't). If you've taken the base camp you'll have already beaten the strength of the Vale (as they will have already stood in the way), apart from those that run back behind their walls to cower and the Eyrie itself holds no relevant number of soldiers. So basically the Vale has probably all but fallen when it's time to deal with the Eyrie. The same goes if the Eyrie was an hour up the mountain on a scrawny path. You'd still not attack the keep because there's not enough room to do anything relevant, and you'll still be just as vulnerable. That's basic siege strategy because you need siege engines to even think about conquering a well built castle. Only a completely retarded commander would send soldiers up that path, regardless if it's one hour long or ten.They didn't compete with Harrenhal, that's the newest big keep in Westeros, save for the ones the Targaryens built. And I didn't mean that Winterfell is worthless from a defensive view, it just has a couple of flaws (of which one isn't much if they've gotten some of the banners inside). But as said, he big reason why the Eyrie is impregnable isn't because the road up there is long, it's because the attackers have no room to mount an even half-hearted attack as you can only get 2-3 people running up to it at a time, at the same time as they are very exposed to attacks themselves (boulders and arrows). The extreme location makes the keep unique and a beautiful experience to visit it. To me the Eyrie just screams that GRRM made it because it was cool (cool is vanity), not because he wanted one keep to be more impossible to take than other keeps that obviously couldn't be conquered either (either a keep can be conquered or it can't, there's no scale). This is of course disregarding dragons since the Vale has been conquered and the king in the Eyrie gave up when Aegon came. So obviously the Eyrie isn't actually completely impregnable.
407	StrongBelwas	2011-05-21	Did anybody else notice that the Moon Door was in the floor?
408	StrongBelwas	2011-05-21	Did anybody else notice that the Moon Door was in the floor?
409	Drowned Princess	2011-05-23	Did anybody else notice that the Moon Door was in the floor?Thank Christ you said that, I was starting to think I'd imagined it since no one else had mentioned it. At first when it wheeled open I was disappointed. It lacked the windyness and the sucking that I expected of the Moon Door. But I think by the end I was won over by the idea (maybe simply because it's round, who knows). Although Vardis being tossed out by the (anyone else think he's too old?) Bronn was, although inevitable, a bit over the top, and looked rather contrived. In fact all the Eyrie bits remind me of Gormenghast when it was on UK telly with Jonathan Rhys Myers... Still laughed when Tyrion said 'tits' though.
410	Aoife	2011-05-23	I have a feeling that most people who didn't comment last night are the ones who'd been talking about it since it was first shown. (One of the 'Making of' videos, I think?)
I know I posted something about it in this thread*, though, because I remember using it as my justification for not complaining too much at the 'Eyrie on pillars' from the long establishing shot (as Cat & co are riding on after the hill tribe attack).
*No guarantees the post is still there, but I think it should be.
411	uncle fester	2011-05-24	I always understood the Eyrie to be basically built into the mountain itself.
Yeah, the HBO vision is a bit high fantasy but you know what, I'm not going to let it bother me too much.
P.S. The Red Keep is much too big. It's like a medieval-era skyscraper.
412	Lord Mord	2011-05-29	I didn't like it.  And to tell the truth, I want the Eyrie to be fantasy.  Most of Westeros is common folk and simple holdfasts, but the halls of all the great lords should absolutely dazzle.  Winterfell is just massive and odd-shaped and rambling in a pleasant country-squire kind of way except on a great scale.  Harrenhal is like most any other castle except that it's built like a mountain, would swallow Winterfell whole, and its towers are slagged.  Dragonstone looks as though it is made of dragons.  And the Eyrie is a mountaintop fairy tale.  I don't much care for Neuschwanstein, either -- I mean, it's fine, but the layout is a bit simplistic for my taste.  OTOH, the spirit of that place, being whisked away to an impossible dream, is exactly what the Eyrie is about.The Ted Nasmith portrait has some details I'd rather were different, but it captures perfectly what the Eyrie is supposed to be about.  I really wish the series had opted for something more like that.ETA.  The Eyrie is clearly a vanity project.  Even the Arryns don't live up there year-round.  It's a status symbol, and a tool for intimidation -- what, ho?  Attack us, hey?  Remember, now, we have that impregnable fortress of legend up that there mountain!  I can always just hide out up there, hey?  Everyone with any strategic sense knows it'd be a stupid move to wait it out up there, but it still adds to their mystique, a critical fact in the midst of these politics.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Caspen, 29 May 2011 - 02:03 AM.
413	tarantella	2011-05-29	I thought they skimped on the whole Vale part of the book.  Understandable since there's so much to cover in ten episodes, so I can't blame them, but without going through the three small castles leading up to the Eyrie you don't get a sense of just how hard it would be to conquer.  Plus I wanted to see Mya Stone.
Well, it's okay.  We'll get a lot more of the Vale in season three or four, assuming the TV series gets that far.  Here's hoping.
414	Arataniello	2011-05-16	Continuation of discussion of the titled episode.
415	Spanky	2011-05-16	So was that a prosthetic boob or not?  >_>;
416	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	It was real.
417	xythil	2011-05-16	Boobs asside.. Whats the deal with Renly.
I don't remember him being a foppy douche...
Gay yes, but not a foppy douche..
418	Chirios	2011-05-16	Since we were talking about sword fighting in the other thread I think it's useful to mention that Conan Stevens, the man who plays Gregor, is an ARMA trained swordsman. One of his favourite techniques when fighting with a sword and shield is to charge at his opponent and full speed. They end up so freaked by seeing this 7 ft beast charging at them them they just stand there shocked and stunned.http://www.conanstev...?g2_itemId=1664
419	Huan	2011-05-16	It was real.It was definitely a prosthetic, a good one though. It looked a little plastic after a while. No way they could have a child actor sucking on a real breast, even on HBO.
420	Merentha	2011-05-16	Since we were talking about sword fighting in the other thread I think it's useful to mention that Conan Stevens, the man who plays Gregor, is an ARMA trained swordsman. One of his favourite techniques when fighting with a sword and shield is to charge at his opponent and full speed. They end up so freaked by seeing this 7 ft beast charging at them them they just stand there shocked and stunned.http://www.conanstev...?g2_itemId=1664Interesting, and effective, especially with a shield.  If you keep that in front of you, there actually isn't that much your opponent can do to stop you from barrelling down on them.  I just re-watched the Ned/Jamie fight, incidentally.  It wasn't good fighting, still, but it was more exciting and better then I remember.  I guess its more that the dialogue and verbal duels have been so stellar and tense that when a swordfight comes along, I end up expecting that same level and that's just not going to happen.  Basically, I don't have as many complaints as I did.  Wish I could just forget what's going to happen in upcoming scenes to make them more exciting, though.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Merentha, 16 May 2011 - 10:18 AM.
421	Lord Varys	2011-05-16	Really great episode. In my mind, probably the best of those that have aired until now. But the worst first:
- Littlefinger knows about Varys and Illyrio?! Really?!! Was that really necessary? Now I really feel as much without out balls as Conleth Hill looked like when Littlefinger told him he knew ;-). And I really want to hit Aiden Gillen every time I see him on the screen. I really did not know that this would mean that much to me... I think that might have been a mistake, as technically the series has now to elaborate on this more, and we should get a reason why Littlefinger is not going to sell Varys to Robert/Cersei/Tyrion/Tywin later on.
My explanation in the series really was that he did not know. Getting rid of Varys during the War of the Five Kings would have been a great asset for Littlefinger, as it would have greatly weakened the efficiency of the Lannister administration.
Besides that, I liked really everything, although I'd have preferred the original dialogue between Littlefinger and Renly during the tourney scene. Ned and the audience could have gotten there the proof that Littlefinger lied about the dagger.
The Loras and Renly scene felt awkward, and Renly seemed a little bit to unsure to me. Well, he should show his weaker side when he's alone with his lover, but I really considered Renly being at least as ambitious as Loras. Although it's very good that they made Loras the guy who convinced him to declare himself King. Renly would not have decided out of the blue to usurp Stannis and his two nephews. Him being an ambitious little plotter makes actually a lot of sense, although this differs strongly from the public image of Loras as a hot-tempered young knight. Renly's decision to crown himself most certainly more Mace's/Loras' decision as it was Renly's.
It really introduces him as an interesting multi-layered character, and it's also foreshadowing that the creators are most likely very eager to show us the Tyrell as the likable plotters they are ;-).
It's sad that the whole Margaery plan is gone, but foreshadowing Renly's coronation this season is much more important, as the audience clearly has to get a feeling about this bearded guy before he suddenly is yet another King.
The Cersei-Robert-scene was really great. I almost expected Cersei to talk about Rhaegar after Robert was done with talking about Lyanna. Thus both could have embraced their loathing for one another ;-). Painting the Dothraki invasion as real threat was good as well, and Robert and Cersei would have agreed on that topic, if not about anything else, as it did threaten both Robert and Cersei and her children.
422	TerraPrime	2011-05-16	Re: Myrish SwanThe difference is largely in presentation, but the end result is the same-- LF ends up largely beloved; Cersei despised. If you want me to expand on all the ridiculous ways in which GRRM glorifies Petyr and demonizes (or simply degrades) Cersei, I will, but I don't want to take  up too much thread space on such an obvious issue.I think that's the problem there. I don't find that Petyr is glorified. I think he's aptly portrayed as a calculating manipulator with no scruples. Hardly someone I'd admire. I do like his wit and his scheming, but then, him as a character is actually a lot less sympathetic than Cercei, to me. Cercei is a lot more complex than Petyr is. I enjoy finding out more about Cercei. Littlefinger holds interest to me only to the extent of solving a puzzle. The interest is not in him as a character but in the plot machinations that he brings. Maybe we will see more of Petyr now that Sansa is with him. Re: OrmondI have much of the same thought on Renly/Loras. I do find it a bit disappointing that the TV show gave us such unambiguous depiction so early on. The "are they/are they not" was rather fun. It's sad that every reader from now on who has seen the TV will miss that part of the reading experience. In terms of casting, I've always thought of Loras as a version of Ricky Martin, being handsome and attractive to both men and women, and still in a teenager hearthrobe kind of way. In my head, I always pictured Loras to be the larger one physically than Renly, since Loras is supposed to be one of the best knights outside of Kingsguard and that aberration that is Gregor. I do find the actor casted for Loras to be a little on the boyish side, but then, plenty of gay men, stereotypical as it may be, do like that look.
423	Isabella Stark	2011-05-16	I thought this episode was great.
I really liked the "new" scenes. I felt like I was watching things that had happened in the books, but we just hadn't seen them because of lack of POV.
Liked the Renly/ Loras scene: In addition to giving some motivation behind Renley's grab for the throne, I also thought it was setting up Ned blowing them both off- turning down Renley's offer of men to seize Joffrey, and declining Loras' volunteering to go after the Mountain.  
But thought they were too stereotypically queeny gay.
In the high road scene where Catelyn et al are taking rest right before the hill tribes attack, I liked how Marillon is playing a song.  My friends and I immediately cracked up and started singing "Brave, brave Sir Robin" (from Monty Python's Holy Grail).  Love how annoying Marillon is.
Thought Lysa was wonderfully high strung and crazy.  Catelyn's and Tyrion's reactions were priceless.
424	xythil	2011-05-16	Really great episode. In my mind, probably the best of those that have aired until now. But the worst first:- Littlefinger knows about Varys and Illyrio?! Really?!! Was that really necessary? Now I really feel as much without out balls as Conleth Hill looked like when Littlefinger told him he knew ;-). And I really want to hit Aiden Gillen every time I see him on the screen. I really did not know that this would mean that much to me... I think that might have been a mistake, as technically the series has now to elaborate on this more, and we should get a reason why Littlefinger is not going to sell Varys to Robert/Cersei/Tyrion/Tywin later on.My explanation in the series really was that he did not know. Getting rid of Varys during the War of the Five Kings would have been a great asset for Littlefinger, as it would have greatly weakened the efficiency of the Lannister administration.Besides that, I liked really everything, although I'd have preferred the original dialogue between Littlefinger and Renly during the tourney scene. Ned and the audience could have gotten there the proof that Littlefinger lied about the dagger.The Loras and Renly scene felt awkward, and Renly seemed a little bit to unsure to me. Well, he should show his weaker side when he's alone with his lover, but I really considered Renly being at least as ambitious as Loras. Although it's very good that they made Loras the guy who convinced him to declare himself King. Renly would not have decided out of the blue to usurp Stannis and his two nephews. Him being an ambitious little plotter makes actually a lot of sense, although this differs strongly from the public image of Loras as a hot-tempered young knight. Renly's decision to crown himself most certainly more Mace's/Loras' decision as it was Renly's.It really introduces him as an interesting multi-layered character, and it's also foreshadowing that the creators are most likely very eager to show us the Tyrell as the likable plotters they are ;-).It's sad that the whole Margaery plan is gone, but foreshadowing Renly's coronation this season is much more important, as the audience clearly has to get a feeling about this bearded guy before he suddenly is yet another King.The Cersei-Robert-scene was really great. I almost expected Cersei to talk about Rhaegar after Robert was done with talking about Lyanna. Thus both could have embraced their loathing for one another ;-). Painting the Dothraki invasion as real threat was good as well, and Robert and Cersei would have agreed on that topic, if not about anything else, as it did threaten both Robert and Cersei and her children.How is the "margaery plan" gone?You think because she hasn't been mentioned her role in the next... 5 books will be written out?
425	Vuron	2011-05-16	- Littlefinger knows about Varys and Illyrio?! Really?!! Was that really necessary? Now I really feel as much without out balls as Conleth Hill looked like when Littlefinger told him he knew ;-). And I really want to hit Aiden Gillen every time I see him on the screen. I really did not know that this would mean that much to me... I think that might have been a mistake, as technically the series has now to elaborate on this more, and we should get a reason why Littlefinger is not going to sell Varys to Robert/Cersei/Tyrion/Tywin later on.My explanation in the series really was that he did not know. Getting rid of Varys during the War of the Five Kings would have been a great asset for Littlefinger, as it would have greatly weakened the efficiency of the Lannister administration.After watching again, I can't describe how strongly I agree with this.  I know many people liked the scene and its "coolness factor" of seeing the 2 manipulators in a pissing contest, but it is totally unrealistic.  There is no way those 2 would have an open discussion like this in a public place and there's no way they would divulge how much information they had on the other one.  We're expected to believe that these 2 are the master manipulators of the series and they go blabbing to each other like little schoolgirls with a piece of gossip?  I call shenanigans.
426	stevelabny	2011-05-16	Ned is fighting for the lives of his men, Jaime has specifically stated that he wants Ned taken, not killed.
Ned is flailing like a lunatic, Jaime is parrying and dancing around.
Ned is winded, Jaime is smiling.
I don't get you guys.
Ned was doing everything he could to kill Jaime, and couldn't touch him. Jaime was toying with Ned. 
How can so many people think that Ned looked too good or Jaime looked too weak or the sad few who think that Ned would have won? Nuh-uh.
Any other note about Varys-Littlefinger. Sure, its news to us that Littlefinger knows that Varys met with Illyrio, but he doesn't necessarily know who Illyrio is.  LF threatens to tell Robert and Varys pretty much tells him go ahead...since Robert already knows that Dany is pregnant...and the news had to come from someone...suggesting that Illyrio was the messenger. The onyl thing that's actually new in this episode is that we can officially rule out that LF and Varys are working together. Which I never bought anyway.
427	Alexia	2011-05-16	I really liked the scene between Robert and Cersei (though I was surprised they talked about Lyanna) and Varys/LF was pure gold.  Great stuff.  I was disappointed that we didn't get to see the feast after the tourney, which I assume was cut for reasons of either budget or time.  I was very surprised they didn't show the Sansa/Joffrey reconciliation that came about when Loras gave her that rose.  I wonder how that will affect her arc later in the series - will she not go to Cersei in this adaptation?  Or will she have a different rationale?  Or will Sansa and Joffrey reconcile in the next episode?  I much preferred the Ned/Jaime scene as it was written in the books but my husband (a non-reader) loved that scene in the adaptation.  There was something so perfect about Jaime ordering his men to kill Lord Stark's men and then riding off while everything happened.  I liked the Renly/Loras scene, but I raised a bit of an eyebrow at Renly's foppishness (afraid of blood? really?!).  Yes, it was all very funny but it was definitely not the Renly of the books, who I always felt was way underrated and who I liked.  Renly had a taste for pageantry but I always thought he was the best candidate of the five kings.  I wouldn't put this Renly in charge of, well, anything!Ya know, I'm getting to the point where I don't blame tv Lancel for giving Robert the spiked wine. After the way Robert treats him, I'd wanna brain him with his own hammer. You just KNOW robert makes him wear that hat! /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> Every time Robert and poor Lancel show up, I start laughing.  Robert is really mean to the poor kid.Basically, considering his deeds, very few readers hate LF. Many, as I've said, think he's very funny/ witty, and enjoy reading about him, despite the fact that he's a villain. People also seem to very rarely feel any sort of deep, personal hatred for him. *snip*However, still, I have yet to hear anyone profess to hate LF for this. Then you need to do some more reading on the forum.  I've seen numerous declarations of hatred for LF, made a few myself (seriously can't wait to see him die), and a few debates about whether or not he's inherently good or evil.Also, finding him enjoyable to read about doesn't have anything to do with liking him as a "person" or whether or not he is a villain.  I love reading about Jaime but I loathe him as a "person."  Same goes for LF - looking forward to his comeuppance but I've enjoyed his character's inclusion in the novels.
428	Andhaira	2011-05-16	Great episode. I was saddened that Bronn did not fight with a sword in each hand though. That scene really stood out for me in the book. 
Jaime should have dominated his fight with Ned, instead they made them equals. 
I agree that must have been a prosthetic boob. No way could it be real. Still, the actor playing sweetrobin will liekly never hear the end of it in his life. Probably be bullied for it in school.
429	Valmy	2011-05-16	I think that's the problem there. I don't find that Petyr is glorified. I think he's aptly portrayed as a calculating manipulator with no scruples. Hardly someone I'd admire. I do like his wit and his scheming, but then, him as a character is actually a lot less sympathetic than Cercei, to me. Cercei is a lot more complex than Petyr is. I enjoy finding out more about Cercei. Littlefinger holds interest to me only to the extent of solving a puzzle. The interest is not in him as a character but in the plot machinations that he brings. Maybe we will see more of Petyr now that Sansa is with him.I think Littlefinger is the most despicable person in the books (and this series has the Mountain in it so that is saying alot).  I am not sure where it is universal that LF is beloved and Cersei despised.Anyway I guess people who really do love LF should probably answer MS' points  /sleep.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 16 May 2011 - 10:36 AM.
430	ZombieWife	2011-05-16	Bubba Wrote:Loras was definitely too skinny. I don't see how he even holds the lance. A body type similar to Renly's would have been better. The slurping sounds were too much. Yeah, you're sucking his penis, we get it. Yes, it brought back memories of the first Joe Millionaire where you had that chick and the guy making out and they actually captioned "slurp" and such.  Overall, the episode was a good one.  It was a bit more mixed for me in terms of highs/lows.Lows:Loras and RenlyI just didn't feel it between them and I desperately wanted to.  It could be that they were trying to ultra-feminize Loras to some extent.  In the end, I have to assume this is just a hiccup between what I had in my head (from the books) and what is being presented on the screen.  It's not something I'll continue to harp on, but will take a while to sink in.  Varys and Littlefinter.  While I (as a reader of the book) enjoyed watching them banter, my husband got completely lost.  He said, "they're talking so fast and so quiet that I have no idea what they are talking about."The Mountain and the Hound.  I wanted more impact to that whole scene.  There was massive buildup, from the killing of the horse to Gregor going after Loras.  The king cut it off about 30 seconds too soon, imho.HighsArya chasing cats and the dragon skulls.  My guy literally sat upright and said, "are those dragon skulls!?"  He looked like a little kid.  Robert and Cersei.  Unlike other posters, I found the conversation to be a very tense moment in the episode.  I thought Headey and Addy really did an amazing job on that scene.  If they show clips during the Emmys/Golden Globes, I see this one as being included for either actor.  I kept reading Headey's performance as a very bitter and stinging performance.  She wanted to confirm her soon-to-be actions against Robert and forcing him to talk about Lyanna was, I assume, just the fuel she needed to go through with it.Jaime and Ned.  Great scene.  I wasn't expecting Jory to die so quickly.  Holy cow, that was just cold and heart-wrenching for me.  Jaime using the excuse that Ned's wife had Tyrion was some good character building between Jaime and Tyrion.Lysa and Robin.  Oh boy.  I have to guess, prosthetic breast here.  I didn't think they would show that in the television series, but they did! Wow!Tyrion looking over the edge of his cell was just dizzying.  My husband (again, he hasn't read the books) said that he would go nuts in a place like that.
431	Titans Bastard	2011-05-16	I don't understand the complaints about TV-Loras' body type.  As somebody mentioned towards the end of the first thread, he's described as "slender as a reed".  If this actor doesn't have the body type you pictured...well, that's fine, but you weren't picturing Loras as he was actually described in the books.
432	Volderon	2011-05-16	Episode was fantastic up until the 25 minute mark, then things sloooooooowed right down to a snail's pace.
Renly and Loras was really weird. Actors seemed really uncomfortable.
And Robert and Cersei went on unbelievably long. I actually went to the bathroom during it.
Other than that, great episode though.
433	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	Jaime is the finest swordsman in Westeros, of course he would be superior in a fight against Ned who is much older and out of form anyway. If the best swordsman in Seven Kingdoms and a Knight of the Kingsguard had faced difficulty handling Ned I would be disappointed with the writers.
434	alguien	2011-05-16	Ned is fighting for the lives of his men, Jaime has specifically stated that he wants Ned taken, not killed.Ned is flailing like a lunatic, Jaime is parrying and dancing around.Ned is winded, Jaime is smiling.I don't get you guys.Ned was doing everything he could to kill Jaime, and couldn't touch him. Jaime was toying with Ned. How can so many people think that Ned looked too good or Jaime looked too weak or the sad few who think that Ned would have won? Nuh-uh.Well, that's your interpretation.  Which incidentally, according to the CREATORS of the show, is totally wrong: The Wolf and the Lion: Behind the Scenes(check around 3:45)
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 16 May 2011 - 11:09 AM.
435	Merentha	2011-05-16	Jaime is the finest swordsman in Westeros, of course he would be superior in a fight against Ned who is much older and out of form anyway. If the best swordsman in Seven Kingdoms and a Knight of the Kingsguard had faced difficulty handling Ned I would be disappointed with the writers.Looked like he was having some trouble to me.  And, looking on other places, and talking with people who hadn't read the books, most thought that they were even or that Ned even had the upper hand.
436	howland_reed	2011-05-16	This is the only site on the TV series that spends so much time nitpicking.  It's really tiresome to go through every episode thread and have 80% of the posts discuss why Littlefinger took the Hound's lines, or why Loras is so thin.
My only complaints throughout this show have been largely about the scale of production, but this was the first episode where it felt epic from start to finish.  Even the tourney seemed more thrilling than last week's.  Loved the shots of the Eyrie, however brief.  Loved Ned and Jaime's duel, and especially Jaime's reaction when the Lannister guard took a cheap shot to end the fight.
437	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	Looked like he was having some trouble to me.  And, looking on other places, and talking with people who hadn't read the books, most thought that they were even or that Ned even had the upper hand.Well Ned's a popular character and much more likeable than Jaime, especially for the viewers, its a natural thing to think Ned was superior because of the bias.
438	reiver	2011-05-16	I wish they'd chosen to include Littlefinger's explanation of how agreeing to kill Dany in a way likely to fail was the smarter move than defying Robert. It really shows Littlefinger as a Smart player of the game and Ned as an inept one. It would have done a lot of the job the Varys/littlefinger scene was supposed to do but much more elegantly. Showing someone's smarts is much more effective than willy waving (unless you're Theon and all you've got...). 
Also a little miffed that they changed his lines about killing Dany to: "cut her throat and be done with it" rather than "give her a kiss, a steel kiss" after his "ugly woman metaphor". I'm not completely anti-change but it seems so often when they do this it's a poorer line. For example i don't mind them adding to the whole breastplate stretcher scene to make it more obvious that it was a joke but why mangle a perfectly good line for... Well i'm unsure what gain.
439	Merentha	2011-05-16	This is the only site on the TV series that spends so much time nitpicking.  It's really tiresome to go through every episode thread and have 80% of the posts discuss why Littlefinger took the Hound's lines, or why Loras is so thin.My only complaints throughout this show have been largely about the scale of production, but this was the first episode where it felt epic from start to finish.  Even the tourney seemed more thrilling than last week's.  Loved the shots of the Eyrie, however brief.  Loved Ned and Jaime's duel, and especially Jaime's reaction when the Lannister guard took a cheap shot to end the fight.How many of those posts are also "holy crap I'm in love with the show!"  because, really, I'm in love with the show.  They've done a fantastic job and its come together in a way that was better than I'd ever anticipated.  The extra scenes do a great job at filling in the gaps that viewers need, offer new and interesting looks at some characters, and, generally, add to the story.  They've taken the books and in adapted them brilliantly.   And, as to the fight:  that behind-the-scenes thing alguien linked is really interesting.  They intended for the fight to be even.  Looks like they, in my opinion, misinterpreted Ned's success in the rebellion as personal skill at arms, rather than good commanding and strategy.
440	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-16	Dunno, I always thought Barristan was better than Jaime. 
About LF: He is the made man of the series. He has a humble story and yet he managed to rise so high and survive so long after so many have died. He also fought against Brandom for Cat, even through he was weaker, younger and had way less experience and training. He is a guy who goes after what he wants and he is nowhere near as ruthless as most of the other characters. He was wiling to work with Ned buy it wasnt possible.
441	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	Look Sean Bean knows how to make his swordfighting look good, okay? I'm sure they had to go cut because he still just looked an ounch too cool but this what they had to go with. Get over it.
442	kungtotte	2011-05-16	Ned Stark crossed blades with the Sword of the Morning and lived to tell about it. Or rather, lived to say infuriatingly little about it. He's no slouch when it comes to swordplay, and I would say he's definitely on the level where Jaime has to break out his A material in order to win.
443	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-16	Really great episode. In my mind, probably the best of those that have aired until now. But the worst first:- Littlefinger knows about Varys and Illyrio?! Really?!! Was that really necessary? Now I really feel as much without out balls as Conleth Hill looked like when Littlefinger told him he knew ;-). And I really want to hit Aiden Gillen every time I see him on the screen. I really did not know that this would mean that much to me... I think that might have been a mistake, as technically the series has now to elaborate on this more, and we should get a reason why Littlefinger is not going to sell Varys to Robert/Cersei/Tyrion/Tywin later on.In that scene Littlefinger knows Varys met with Illyrio, but does he really know what the two of them were discussing or planning? It's not a secret that Varys is from Essos, so I'm not sure why him visiting an old friend would be incriminating enough for LF to be able to sell him out. I think LF told him that just because he knows it'd annoy Varys that he wasn't able to keep the meeting a complete secret as he probably tried.  I'd say LF doesn't sell Varys out because he's convinced that he does have his balls, in a manner of speaking, and arrogantly assumes that Varys can't pull off anything that he can't see coming.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 16 May 2011 - 11:14 AM.
444	alguien	2011-05-16	Incidentally, Kalbear's quote here:But the new scenes - they're awesome. It's like the deleted scenes version of the books. It's like getting to read the books and finding a whole new detail all over again.Is one I completely, 100% agree with.  In fact I'd used almost those exact same words when talking to a friend about it last night. (though I do think we saw a more introspective Robert in last night's episode than we're given in the books)
445	End of Disc One	2011-05-16	Dunno, I always thought Barristan was better than Jaime. In his prime probably, but I would say Jaime is the best at this point in the book.Note that I have no problem with him and Ned being evenly matched in the show.  It made it more exciting and I don't believe in "they changed it now it sucks."
446	panther	2011-05-16	Am I the only one who wasn't impressed with the Eyrie? Sure, it looked impressive, but I think it was the first time watching this show that I said "oh, that's obviously CGI."I was also disappointed with the Eyrie, but only because it was not at all how I pictured it from the book description. In the book, it was described as being high on a solid mountain, and not necessarily at the top of the mountain. From the Eyrie one can see the waterfall, Alyssa's tears, on giant's lance. From this I understood that the waterfall started at a greater height than the Eyrie, and pictured it as a part of a continuous ridgeline with Alyssa's tears pouring out higher up but reasonably close to the castle. The castle is also described as having 7 very slim white towers. The great hall was described as long and narrow (more rectangular, then), almost all white, with some blue veins in the marble, and basically very sterile, empty, and cold. Finally, it looks out over and has a clear view of the whole Vale of Arryn below. From the first external shot of the Eyrie in the series, it looks like it has hills/mountains on all sides and not a great plain. The Eyrie itself looks more Eastern, like the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul, and not shining white. (Winterfell also seems to me to have a more Eastern architecture in the series, which surprised me.) The throne room is also round, not long, and dark, not bright, cold, and sterile. I imagined the sky cells to be much smaller, which would make them much more threatening. In this episode, Tyrion is put in a huge cell. It does not seem like he would need to fear rolling over in his sleep and falling out if he was in the back corner.Other than making the sky cells less scary, though, none of this really matters. I agree with others that Renly should show a bit more strength and confidence and I didn't really need the Loras/Renly scene, but I am enjoying the series and thought this a good episode overall.
447	wolverine	2011-05-16	I liked the added scene with Robert and Cersei.  I really don't care if they make Ned a better swordsman than many of you "think" he is in the books.
I do not think they should have had the scene with Varys and LF as it does not make sense with the plot IMO.
I also liked the added scene with Theon and felt it was necessary for nonviewers.  I thought Loras looked perfect from what I had read and did not mind the scene with Renly.  Renly is described in the book to be similar to Robert when he was younger.  Renly is a bit small and slim for me, not Loras.
Another reader was hoping that Gregor was really played by a huge man and actually thought the Hound was too small.  The actor playing the Hound is not too small but sometimes on screen it is hard to show size differences.
448	Ran	2011-05-16	Why the quote around "think"? We know how good he is in the books, or at least how good he isn't, because George has said so.
449	Lord Varys	2011-05-16	double post, please delete
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 16 May 2011 - 11:31 AM.
450	Lord Varys	2011-05-16	Well, and I've to add that I never ever imagined that Paxter Redwyne was into small boys. That guy fathered three children on the sister of his old buddy Mace. Or are we only lead to believe that he did this. Well, well, now I see Randyll's try to foster Samwell at the Arbor with different eyes entirely. And Cersei arresting the Redwyne twins could have had a secret humanitarian motivation as well.
It would have been better to mention Lyn Corbray here.
And Varys should have pointed the audience toward Littlefinger's interest in Sansa in this episode. Saying something like 'Grown men should not be into young redheads, surely you agree' or something like that. 
Littlefinger clearly owns too much people here. Renly's look after he made the 'have your friend' joke showed clearly that he could be blackmailed. Which makes homosexuality or at least his relationship with Loras a 'bad thing', and I'm not sure if this was the indicated in the books as well.
As to Littlefinger knowing about Illyrio:
If Littlefinger knows about Illyrio, then he also knows about Illyrio being the guy who brokered the marriage deal with Drogo. And then it's not that unlikely that an apparent secret meeting with Illyrio Mopatis would most likely be a really shady thing, making it rather easily to deduce for him that they were plotting with each other rather than just discussing official business with Pentos. Especially as Robert would most likely not care much about to conduct business with Illyrio Mopatis after the latter harbored and protected the Targaryens in exile.
451	Eponine	2011-05-16	Ned is a competent swordsman, presumably well trained, with multiple battle experience including against the old Kingsguard. Even though he barely survived because of Howland's help, it seems that he had to hold his own end up the fighting up. While a fight between him and Jaime shouldn't be even, it's reasonable to assume that Jaime would have to work to defeat him instead of hacking him down in the first blow.
452	Cereal Forel	2011-05-16	loved it, as usual.
my only gripe is apparently one that isn't share by anyone else. The fight scenes seem extraordinarily sloppy for some reason. These are supposed to be the most bad assed of bad asses and they are wielding their swords like hollywood actors on their first run through the choreography. But like I said, I'm apparently the only one. I must have an image in my head that isn't accurate at all.
453	kungtotte	2011-05-16	It's not just you. The hack and slash is fine for the mountain clans, for a big brute like Gregor and for the redshirts, but I think the books describe fight scenes as much more fluid and elegant than what we're given on screen. In the books we read about exchanges of blows, fancy moves and such that I take to be more along the lines of Errol Flynn or whatever. In the show we get these 'windmill blows' and that's about it.
454	panther	2011-05-16	...The fight scenes seem extraordinarily sloppy for some reason. These are supposed to be the most bad assed of bad asses and they are wielding their swords like hollywood actors on their first run through the choreography...I also thought it a bit sloppy, but then I thought it was also more realistic than a fairytale Peter Pan-like choreographed swordfight, and also realistic in terms of the book's description. Your namesake, Syrio Forel, described Westerosi swordfighting as basically barbaric hacking and slashing, while the Braavosi practice something more elegant. So, perhaps this fits that description.
455	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	Littlefinger clearly owns too much people here. Renly's look after he made the 'have your friend' joke showed clearly that he could be blackmailed. Which makes homosexuality or at least his relationship with Loras a 'bad thing', and I'm not sure if this was the indicated in the books as well.Well for the royal family I'd say it's a bad thing. I'm sure lords would be happier marrying their daughters to someone that is actually likely to produce hiers. They made it very clear Margaery wasn't touched by Renly but was apparantely banging someone else which may explain why the Tyrells were okay it but still, makes him almost as uneligible a husband as Stannis. Well maybe that'a littl to strong but you get the point.Yeah, i think they were trying a little hard to differentiate themselves from the Water Dance (which actually does look natural)
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 16 May 2011 - 11:47 AM.
456	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-16	This.Ned is a competent swordsman, presumably well trained, with multiple battle experience including against the old Kingsguard. Even though he barely survived because of Howland's help, it seems that he had to hold his own end up the fighting up. While a fight between him and Jaime shouldn't be even, it's reasonable to assume that Jaime would have to work to defeat him instead of hacking him down in the first blow.I must have missed it, but what evidence is there in the book that Ned is only an "average" fighter, at best?  Nobody really talks about his fighting ability, and Ned is too humble to brag even if he is good.We know that he looks down on tournaments as men playing war and doesn't put much stock in them.We know he survived a meeting with the Sword of the Morning.  It wasn't an even fight, but he survived.We know Jaime because is the best fighter in the kingdom because everybody says so.  That doesn't necessarily make it true.  People know he is the best because he has won a bunch of tournaments, not because he has defeated any great fighters that we know of in open battle.I'm not saying Jaimie sucks and Ned is the best swordsmen ever, but I certainly find it plausible that Jaime's prowess is overblown due to people's tendency for hyperbole, and Ned's prowess is disregarded because Ned isn't a braggart.  I also find it believable that Ned could defeat Jaime in a fair fight, even if only 3 times out of 10 or something.  I never got the impression from the books that Jaime would be able to cut down Ned in two seconds without breaking a sweat.I did get the impression that Jaime's perceived prowess was largely based on reputation, which in turn minimized the number of people willing to challenge him, thus building on his reputation for being too good for anyone to want to challenge.Though I guess we do have Jaime cutting through like twenty guys to get to Rob in the Whispering Wood.  That is pretty impressive and goes to him being an excellent fighter.  Still doesn't mean that Ned couldn't hold his own against him.Of course, this is all just personal opinion, unless George has explicitly stated that Jaime would totally pwn Ned because Ned is only average and Jaime is like the best ever.
457	Greywolf2375	2011-05-16	I thought that was a great episode of TV, moved the plot, we get some good action scenes and some apt quotes directly from the books.
I didn't like it as a translation of the story -
Petyr & Varys - why the need for the tit-for-tat exchange?  Even not having read the books it has been shown that they both play the game from whispers, secrets & information.  The "I know that you know that I know that you..." takes away from their joust.  Good scene in the show, removes some ambiguity that made the story stronger.
Cersei & Robert - I enjoyed the peevishness that defined Cersei & Robert; the kumbaya, chance for reconciliation just seems out of place considering the contempt she was showing him (quite rightfully) in prior scenes.  Others have posted that this may be to have the "ohmigod" moment from a different light when she does turn later.  If she does.
Loras & Renly - similar to Petyr & Varys, do we need to be bludgeoned?  From nothing, to a glance to shaving & a BJ.  I enjoyed the subtlety from the book and was looking forward to seeing more build up - the quick looks like at the tournament, "excuses" to get away.
I loved the internal views of the Eyrie, that distance shot just didn't seem to fit with the description - the long causeway may make it harder to take, but not impenetrable as many describe it.
Loved the scene with Tyrion coming to Cat's rescue - and not having him all of a sudden be a warrior.
458	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-16	Just as long as they do the whispering woods justice, as that's the last time we see Jaine fight (and nearly singlehandedly win a battle he was totally outmanoeuvred in) before he gets beaten by a girl, who as I point out, will be far less muscular and believable as stronger than Jaime than in the books.
459	Caine	2011-05-16	Whereas my wife and I found the last episode boring, talky and very poor, we absolutely loved this one.  We both enjoy the book series, but we would consider ourselves more casual fans of the books.  My wife was doing other things during the last episode: errands, phone, etc.  She didn't feel like she missed much and every time HBO re-aired the episode, neither she nor I had any motivation to watch it straight through without any interruptions. 
This one, however.... now I understand it's difficult to put out an episode like this every week and you need build-up episodes (like the last one) for episodes like this to come to fruition, but wow.  Loved every moment of this episode.  Loved the new scenes: Robert & Cersei being my favorite.  Loved that they showed Jaime and Ned actually battling!  Loved the exchange between Littlefinger & Varys.  The Renly & Loras scene was .... interesting.  I'm intrigued to see the tv series making this relationship explicit and sets the stage for the season 2 beautifully when according to the tv series, Loras (apparently) convinces House Tyrell to throw the might of Highgarden behind Renly.  
As for scenes following the books, I'm glad we got to see more of Tyrion's witty mouth ("Oh, did I kill him too?  I've been very busy man!").  Â The Eyrie looked cool, and it's a shame we didn't get to see Catelyn's journey up to the Eyrie which was documented so well in the books.  We would have seen another one of Robert's bastards during the journey up.  
Things felt like they were moving here, and with a focus on King's Landing, I think the character development, the political intrigue, and plots all shined masterfully here. For a casual reader like me and possibly among non-reading audiences, I should think this episode works very well.  
Like others, I was underwhelmed by the tournament since I imagined much bigger scales than were shown on tv.  But that's a small flaw for an otherwise brilliant episode.  And without a single scene with Jon or Dany too.
The only other complaint I have would be the infodump we receive back in Winterfell.  The Bran scene and the added Theon / Ros scene seems out of place.  I understand they have to set up the Greyjoy backstory but I thought they did that already last episode.  Why do we get more here which didn't seem to fit in the larger vein of this episode?
					
					
							Edited by Caine, 16 May 2011 - 12:09 PM.
460	Brewmaster	2011-05-16	23ish pages to read before I comment...yikes, its like reading through an ASOIAF book. A few things...
People need to realize that the POV of the books is a storytelling technique to get us in the heads of characters, but that it's not necessarily meant to keep us in the dark about things. There are things that are meant to be revealed over time (Jon's Parentage, most likely), but there are other things that weren't spelled out, but were still no less plain.
For example I can't believe we had someone in the first thread complain that we saw Varys and Illyrio, because it was ambiguous in the book. That was in no way ambiguous in the book. Arya just didn't know who they were. But we had 500 pages or so of story before hand and only 2 characters had been described as those 2 looked. It was meant to be clear who they were to us...just not to Arya.
As for R+L=G (Renly+Loras=Gay), I must admit that I didn't realize it right away. Though I did pick up on it sometime in the 2nd or 3rd book and it was basically spelled out for you by Feast, I can see why many people wouldn't get that one right away.
I have no problem with the way it was portrayed on the show. Yes, Loras is a stick-figure and should probably have some hardness somewhere on his body other than between his legs, but really he was supposed to be very skinny and boyish. If he didn't have his shirt off he would have been fine.
I enjoyed the Robert Cersei scene immensely. I don't need my Cersei to have no redeeming qualities or moments. And even if the marriage is loveless, its a relationship of 17 years, you'd expect some ability to have a civil conversation from time to time. The fact that the only thing they can laugh about together is how pathetic and doomed their marriage rings true to me.
I didn't get the impression that Jaime was trying to kill Ned, but its hard to show that either way on screen. As a viewer I just take him at his word when he says to take Ned alive. I didn't get the feeling that whatever fight Ned put up against Jaime was meant to be indicative of how things would go if Jaime set out to kill him.
461	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-16	The thing is, you don't get a reputation that leads to people being too scared to even think about fighting you when you only have one hand unless you are damn good. And Jaime is really sure he is that good- in his own PoV he is convinced he can beat anybody, even the mountain, with his speed and skill. Tyrion, who has seen Bronn fight a lot and thinks he could beat the mountain, would rather have Jaime instead (though maybe for other reasons). Brienne, who eases through opponents in aFfC, notes that she nearly lost to Jaime when he had been a prisoner out of practice for months (not sure how many) was unarmoured, unshielded and in chains. 
Not that Ned is bad- we haven't seen him fight but he does hold the Sword of the morning for at least a while. But he is a lord. He doesn't fight for a living. He has duties and children and was a general and canonically not as good a swordsman as his brother anyway. Jaime's job is to kill people. He is an active knight, all he does when not guarding is training or fighting in tournaments. No matter how good Ned was when he was active, there is no way in gazillion years he would beat a Jaime whose purpose is to be stop people killing the king by killing them first. It would be like Tyson coming back and legitimately expecting to beat Haye or Klitscko with no warm up fights and minimal training. It's romantic. But it wouldn't happen.
More importantly, Ned's ability now to fight is utterly irrelevant, but Jaime's is. And if he isn't seen to be really good at it, like at least as good as wonder-Stark, then all the fear of him killing Robb, Brienne looking good by matching him, Blount's cowardice in facing him off later, everyone's fear of him and his actual value to house Lannister are all going to look really really stupid. In the short term of providing an average fight they have made it really hard work to make Jaime's future development and plot pay off. He is used to sorting out all his troubles with his sword. If he can't do that in the eyes of the viewers now then what difference will losing his hand make and how will it elicit his change towards thinking and introspection? He defines himself primarily as a fighter, and so does every other character. This was the show's chance to let the audience do that. Now he'll just look arrogant and deluded as well as a jerk
462	Morrigan	2011-05-16	I'm not saying Jaimie sucks and Ned is the best swordsmen ever, but I certainly find it plausible that Jaime's prowess is overblown due to people's tendency for hyperbole, and Ned's prowess is disregarded because Ned isn't a braggart.  I also find it believable that Ned could defeat Jaime in a fair fight, even if only 3 times out of 10 or something.  I never got the impression from the books that Jaime would be able to cut down Ned in two seconds without breaking a sweat.Good point.As an example illustrating the above, I recently defeated a kendo sensei in a tournament. He was 5th dan, a sensei who's been practicing for close to 20 years or so (vs my 5 years of experience) with a lot of tournament experience (he also won quite a few of them), and has a very competitive style.  In most circumstances, he would roflstomp me in less than a minute. But not only did I hold my own, I actually ended up beating him 2-1. (For those wondering, we usually split the participants per grade, but this was during a team match, and all grades are mixed up in that case.) This does not mean I'm better than him. He would beat me probably 9 times out of 10, if not more often. But that doesn't mean it's impossible for me to beat him, or that it's impossible for me to put up a good fight if I do lose.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 16 May 2011 - 12:27 PM.
463	valacirca	2011-05-16	Didn't exactly like the episode as much as most of the people here seem to have liked it, but one thing that the episode certainly had going for it is that it was the most focused episode thus far: No Wall scenes. No Dany scenes. It made the episode feel tight and well-paced.Some thoughts:- What the heck do those behind the show have against Barristan Selmy? He's not in any of the council meetings, he gets left off of scenes where he should be in... It's a nitpick, but still something I don't like.- Was initially disappointed that the tourney was so abridged, but then realized that they didn't really need to show it all and eventually I decided that condensing it the way they did was all for the better.- I still can't get myself to warm up to Littlefinger too much. In terms of delivering the lines, the portrayal is good, but his expressions are so flat in everything I've seen him in.- Great scenes in general with regards to the Catelyn storyline. That Hilltribe attack seemed to come too much out of the blue, though; but it was a nice action sequence with Tyrion being fucking hardcore. I loved the "I'm willing if she is" line from the book, but it didn't quite fit in so quickly after the fight the way they did included it in this episode.- I thought the scene with Bran was well placed and well done. The child actor playing Bran is impressing as much Maisie is portraying Arya.- Not exactly comfortable seeing Varys in three consecutive scenes that occur in completely different places and times. Varys w/ Ned... then Varys in the dungeon right after that... then Varys with LF right after that one... it messes up the flow/timeline of the episode a bit. But I will say that Varys was pretty great in both the scenes with Ned and LF. I also found it odd how LF claims that he saw Varys both with Ned and in the dungeon... what are the odds of that??- Another nitpick: I think Arya could have easily fit through the gates that were locked in the dungeon. Just thought I'd mention that. LOL.- During the Varys+LF scene, I found myself thinking that there are too many scenes throughout the show that merely consisted of two characters purely engaging in a dialogue to move the story forward. Lazy screenwriting, imo.- LOL @ Arya vs. Castle Guard banter and Arya being mistaken as a boy 2x- That shot of the Eyrie after Catelyn & Co. met their escorts was breathtaking, although not as daunting and overwhelmingly huge as I pictured it.- Council meeting re: killing Dany was well played straight up from the book. That was a compelling scene. If only they hadn't left out Ser Barristan. - Unfortunately Omitted Scene Award: The part in the book where Mya escorted Cat up Stone, Snow & Sky. I really wanted to see that.- WTF Changed Scene Award: Lysa and Robin in a throne room arguing with Catelyn in the presence of... well, pretty much everyone. Lysa and Cat should have been speaking privately in Lysa's chambers. Quite a jarring change from the book, but I'll be damned if the lunacy of Lysa and the oddness/fragility of the child wasn't characterized perfectly. Excellent view of the Vale too from Tyrion's cell. Oh... and that was definitely a prosthetic boob.- Renly & Loras... whoa that was too much..- Interesting scene between Robert and Cersei, but I feel like it did well for the show. It was a nice insight into their relationship - how they know it's fucked up and they can talk frankly about how fucked up it is because they basically don't care or feel for each other. Then it contrasts that to how hurt Robert still is from losing Lyanna. I thought this scene was well written drama.- Final scene was so much lacking in drama, action and tension compared to the book, but I suppose it was done well enough. Damn Jaime Lannister. Reading the end of that chapter from the book and even seeing the ending of that episode made me rage so much.
464	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-16	My first post - I've appreciated the discussion here and would love to add my voice.  
I'm watching with a couple people - my wife and a friend - who have not read the books.  I could tell from their reactions what they picked up on and what they didn't, which, to me, is a good gauge of how well they're creating nuance for the non-readers.
- The scene in the Eyrie was well done.  It was immediately obvious that both Lysa and Robin are messed up.  
- The fight with the mountain clans looked great (although I thought Catelyn could have done a bit more to hide herself), but we missed something in the setup.  My friend asked, "Who are these guys?" when they appeared out of nowhere and started attacking.  I realize there are time constraints, but it hurt the scene not to have any clue who the mountain clans were.
- While I was disappointed not to get more of the tourney, the Loras/Gregor/Hound scene was great (apart from the back-and-forth between Renly and Littlefinger, which I thought was a bit blatant).  I've seen a few comments saying that it wasn't obvious how big the Mountain was.  I disagree.  My friend remarked that he looked HUGE, and asked me if Gregor was a total ass.  I told him that he had no idea.
- The dragon skull was a bit confusing to non-readers when we first saw it, but then he remembered the exposition from Viserys last week and realized what it was.  It was kind of a neat moment.  I didn't really care for the Viserys bath scene - I thought the time could have been used for other things - but it was necessary.  It shows that the writers really know what they're doing.
My own observations:
- I have to watch it again, because I got lost in the scene with Littlefinger and Varys.  At one point I just threw up my hands.  Who's watching who with the what and...huh?  Even knowing what's going on I didn't know what was going on.
- I really liked the Robert/Cersei scene at face value, but I hope it makes sense based on what they do with Cersei's motivations.  
- I enjoyed the confrontation between the Winterfell men and Jaime to end the episode.  
Overall, probably my favorite episode.
465	Maia	2011-05-16	Hm, nobody references the big change to Cat's character at all? Namely, that she _doesn't_ kill a man during the skirmish with the tribesmen  in the show? Heh. They are making her a big softie indeed.
Lysa - ick. IMHO, it was overdone and implausible. She didn't suckle Sweet Robin in public in the books and I don't see her vassals putting up with her if she did. They could have had a brief private scene with her and Cat during the next episode and put it there, it would have been more believable.
I really loved the Robert-Cersei scene. People keep talking about how Cersei was changed from the books, but my impression of the AGOT Cersei before her subsequent dumbening down and crazing up  was actually very close to what they are showing here. And of Robert too, really - people keep saying that he is a bigger dick in the show - but IMHO he is exactly like the book Robert. 
The scene wonderfully summed up their relationship - as is hinted in AGOT and then confirmed in AFFC, evil psycho or not, Cersei was prepared to give him a chance in the beginning. He blew it completely, never even tried to make up for it, and ugliness ensued.  
Now a different woman wouldn't have gone to the extremes of preventing common kids (though she may very well have taken a lover too), and may have tried for longer, but that's Cersei for you.
Frankly, I deplore the extent of deconstruction of Cersei in the books - IMHO she would have been a much better character if she remained at the AGOT level of competence/evilness throughout. And didn't get any stupid prophecies. If they go that way in the series, I'd only applaud.
I am unsure about the tack they took with Renly/Loras, but the scene certainly introduced Tyrells as political force to recon with and established that they are also not slouches at intrigue. I don't know why they had to sissify Renly for it, but oh, well.
Ditto re: beefing up Ned's fighting prowess - but it is more difficult to show that somebody is a good general/strategist at the time of peace, so whatever.
On the whole, a very enjoyable episode, IMHO.
466	Morrigan	2011-05-16	As for R+L=G (Renly+Loras=Gay)I LOLed. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
467	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	loved it, as usual.my only gripe is apparently one that isn't share by anyone else. The fight scenes seem extraordinarily sloppy for some reason. These are supposed to be the most bad assed of bad asses and they are wielding their swords like hollywood actors on their first run through the choreography. But like I said, I'm apparently the only one. I must have an image in my head that isn't accurate at all.I thought it worked fine as staged fights always demands that you as a viewer buys into it 100%. You can't get actors to look as people with life long experience, unless they actually have that. Look at the Matrix, where they had the actors study Wushu under great trainers for 6 months before the shoot. They still didn't look like they were nearly as good as they were supposed to be if you watch with an eye that doesn't try to immerse itself, and they still had special effects to help them.Then there's also the fact that if a fight always flows smoothly between two, or more, fighters the entire time that's also unrealistic. You'll even see the best martial artists in the world have some "clumsy" exchanges because they happened to attack each other at the same time in a way that just made both attacks fizzle.As for your mental image, that's of course going to be better because the books can describe the characters exactly how the author wants it, while you have the limitations of actors in these kind of productions. I do, however, think you are underestimating how hard it is to make things look good and by extension how bad actors look the first time through the choreography.
468	Morrigan	2011-05-16	- What the heck do those behind the show have against Barristan Selmy? He's not in any of the council meetings, he gets left off of scenes where he should be in... It's a nitpick, but still something I don't like.Agreed. There was no reason to omit him from the scene in Robert's tent or at the council, too. Weird...- Another nitpick: I think Arya could have easily fit through the gates that were locked in the dungeon. Just thought I'd mention that. LOL.Haha, I noticed that too.- Unfortunately Omitted Scene Award: The part in the book where Mya escorted Cat up Stone, Snow & Sky. I really wanted to see that.Me too, it's a good way to show how inaccessible the Eyrie is, but I wasn't expecting it at all. It doesn't really move the story forward, and for the scene to work it would need to last several minutes. Unfortunately, for TV that'd just be filler.- WTF Changed Scene Award: Lysa and Robin in a throne room arguing with Catelyn in the presence of... well, pretty much everyone. Lysa and Cat should have been speaking privately in Lysa's chambers.Yeah, that was quite jarring, but I guess they wanted to condense most of those events... it serves to make Lysa seem even more psycho though, haha.Hm, nobody references the big change to Cat's character at all? Namely, that she _doesn't_ kill a man during the skirmish with the tribesmen  in the show? Heh. They are making her a big softie indeed.I noticed that, but I don't think it's as big a deal as you say. In truth it's a little more realistic. She does take out a dagger in desperation, but Catelyn is no fighter and it's unlikely she'd get to do much in a battle, especially with her injured hands.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 16 May 2011 - 12:37 PM.
469	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-16	More importantly, Ned's ability now to fight is utterly irrelevant, but Jaime's is. And if he isn't seen to be really good at it, like at least as good as wonder-Stark, then all the fear of him killing Robb, Brienne looking good by matching him, Blount's cowardice in facing him off later, everyone's fear of him and his actual value to house Lannister are all going to look really really stupid.That is a good point, and I had not thought of it that way.  They have certainly downplayed Jaime's prowess in the series.  I think they can still demonstrate it with the Whispering Wood, so I don't feel all is lost.  Also, for the non-sword-fighting-connoisseurs among us like myself, I have no idea if that fight scene was an example of good swordsmanship or not.  It seemed to me like it was two really good swordsman evenly-matched.  I don't think it necessarily detracted from their ability to portray Jaime as an excellent fighter later on.
470	Lord Godric	2011-05-16	In that scene Littlefinger knows Varys met with Illyrio, but does he really know what the two of them were discussing or planning? It's not a secret that Varys is from Essos, so I'm not sure why him visiting an old friend would be incriminating enough for LF to be able to sell him out. I think LF told him that just because he knows it'd annoy Varys that he wasn't able to keep the meeting a complete secret as he probably tried.  I'd say LF doesn't sell Varys out because he's convinced that he does have his balls, in a manner of speaking, and arrogantly assumes that Varys can't pull off anything that he can't see coming.I also thought that Varys really threw that back in Littlefinger's face when the little "treasonous" meeting between Illyrio and Varys resulted in Robert finding out Dany was pregnant. Whereas Littlefinger thought he has caught Varys in a lie, Varys actually was gathering information for the King (although that wasn't his real purpose, it certainly would seem so to anyone Littlefinger informed)
471	Aganerral	2011-05-16	Ned Stark crossed blades with the Sword of the Morning and lived to tell about it. Or rather, lived to say infuriatingly little about it. I lol'd.  Also agree with the general sentiment expressed here.  My interpretation from the books is that Jaime would beat Ned in a full fight, but I never got hte feeling that Ned wouldn't be able to hold his own for a while.Other random comments about the episode:Like the added Cersei/Robert scene.  After reading all the books, my thought about Cersei and Robert's marriage is that she wasn't thrilled about it, but was willing to give it a chance...until Robert showed no interest in her by being unable to move on from Lyanna and hitting anything that moves.  So I don't mind a couple scenes like this that make her seem more sympatheticAlso liked the LF/Varys scene - it kind of shows that these two are the real players making the moves and pulling the strings.Loras/Renly - Sort of enh on this one.  Didn't expect HBO to be as subtle about it as the books, but that was pretty blatant /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I'm not overly put out that they looked a little soft; it drives home the point that they are 'knights of summer' that have never really been tested.  So next episode would be the Tower of Joy dream (unless they go light on KL scenes next time, which is possible given what else needs to be covered)  Will be interesting to see how they handle that in light of the theories that it feeds in to.  I do wonder if they might skip it altogether; they haven't been big on showing dreams and flashbacks at all.
472	valacirca	2011-05-16	Shit, this thread moves fast... /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> Me too, it's a good way to show how inaccessible the Eyrie is, but I wasn't expecting it at all. It doesn't really move the story forward, and for the scene to work it would need to last several minutes. Unfortunately, for TV that'd just be filler.I guess you're right. Although when I was reading that, I thought to myself "Jesus Christ this is one incredibly impenetrable fortress." It was just so memorable I would have wanted it to be translated to the screen.Yeah, that was quite jarring, but I guess they wanted to condense most of those events... it serves to make Lysa seem even more psycho though, haha.Agreed on Lysa being more psycho. She and Robin appeared to be totally nuts. "I want to see the bad man fly." LOL.
473	Dihm	2011-05-16	Couple of thoughts.
The tournament was underwhelming.  It went off much better this episode than last, but they completely failed to give it any sort of context.  We only saw 3 people total riding, and didn't hear about a single other pairing.  There was no real "conclusion" to it either, since the Hound was never mentioned as even being a part of it and Loras withdrawing.  Would have loved to see them mention that it was the semi-finals, and have them show the Sandor/Jaime (especially for Robert to be able to mock him!) before the Gregor/Loras match, followed by Loras conceding to Sandor instead of the weird hand raise for the crowd deal.
The Sandor/Gregor fight was fun, but seemed REALLY slow.  Like bad stereotype about knights using 20 pound swords and not being able to move in armor slow.
Really enjoyed the Lyssa/Robin scene.  I was sure they wouldn't show the suckling, but was (un)pleasantly surprised.  I always pictured Lyssa more like Queen Mary from the movie Elizabeth though.
474	valacirca	2011-05-16	- The dragon skull was a bit confusing to non-readers when we first saw it, but then he remembered the exposition from Viserys last week and realized what it was.  It was kind of a neat moment.  I didn't really care for the Viserys bath scene - I thought the time could have been used for other things - but it was necessary.  It shows that the writers really know what they're doing.Nice little insight here. I actually liked that bathtub scene from the previous episode but I've read a lot of comments about people disliking it. Glad to see you pointing this out and that that scene serves its purpose in this episode.
475	stevelabny	2011-05-16	Well, that's your interpretation.  Which incidentally, according to the CREATORS of the show, is totally wrong: The Wolf and the Lion: Behind the ScenesOh, you mean like when GRRM said that Ned was the main character of the story? Behind the scenes snippets often don't contain the full truth due to the nature of spoilers. The showrunners can't bash Ned too hard, because they have to make him a convincing plot element. And a second point, that is probably going to open up a whole 'nother can of worms that I don't even want to get into.Listening to a creator's viewpoint on their work is almost NEVER a good idea. As odd as it sounds, the creator is often an unreliable narrator when talking about their work outside of the work itself. This is why millions of internet hours have been taken up defining "canon" as only what happens IN the books and whether or not authorial intent should be factored in.It shouldn't.If GRRM himself would do an interview and talk about a scene that isn't in the books, it wouldn't be canon, whether it was something ridiculous like a Ned-Cersei one night stand, or something perfectly believable like some new atrocity by Gregor Clegane. The same is true for D&D and the show-canon they're building, their interviews are meaningless and should not be seen as canon. (Although that doesn't mean its not INTERESTING)As a further example, Loras and Renly would be gay in canon whether George answered the question or not, because its there in the book. Harry Potter's Dumbledore being gay is NOT canon, because it simply isn't in the books, and JK Rowling's interviews are no more canon than fan-fiction. Final example: HAN SHOT FIRST.
476	valacirca	2011-05-16	I always pictured Lyssa more like Queen Mary from the movie Elizabeth though.And now they're portraying her to be as crazy as the Queen of Hearts from Alice in Wonderland /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
477	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-16	Halfway through the season already and man, I love this show. It will be hard to wait a year (?) for the next season. But I guess I can watch this one over and over again. I hope the DVD comes out soon and that it's full of extras.Some notes about the fifth episode (and sorry if I repeat points made by others before; I haven't had time to read all entries):No Jon Snow and no Daenerys despite both the Wall and the plains of Essos being shown in the opening credits. I thought the opening sequence was supposed to show all the locations visited in each episode. But the did add the Eyrie.Come to think of it, there was no Robb either.But we did see Bran being given a cleverly inserted expository lesson from Maester Luwin about geography, coats-of-arms and mottos of the Great Houses of Westeros. Loved his line about the Lannister words being "A Lannister always pays his debts." Heh!Theon comes off as a real jerk. This soon in the book I hadn't begun to dislike him. I'm not sure what his sex scene with Roz the famous whore was about - besides showing off some HBO skin. There really was no new information being dumped that we didn't already know. And Alfie Allen got the dubious honour of being the first male actor to show his, ehum, member.I really like Ser Barristan Selmy, who now gets a name. He comes off as one of the few truly noble knights in the realm. Pity but inevitable that he'll get exiled eventually.I laughed at King Robert sending his Lannister squire after a "breastplate stretcher". That scene also again showed the friendship between him and Ned, which is all the more sad when they clash later on and Ned resigns as the Hand.The tourney wasn't more impressive this time around. Where were the crowds?Man, the Mountain is a true monster. Is it even possible to decapitate a big horse like that with a broadsword?Varys really lives up to his reputation here. He seems to be everywhere at once, or at least he can go from one place to the other in no time. First he talks to Ned while Arya is chasing cats. Then he's suddenly conspiring with Illyrio in the dungeons while being overheard by Arya, who's followed a cat down there. And just after that he's talking with Littlefinger in the throne room.Now we see that having Viserys talk about the dragon skulls in the Red Keep in an earlier episode was necessary to give the audience an "a-ha" moment when Arya sees them.I loved it when Arya told off the guards when she came back from the outside.The added scene between Littlefinger and Varys showed that while they may conspire together sometimes, there isn't a lot of trust between them. And Littlefinger comes off as a rather unsavoury character when admitting to serve all sorts of perversions to lords so inclined. But really, would so many highborn have such nasty desires as we're lead to believe, even in this GRRM created world?Nice of Tyrion to save Catelyn, even if he did eye the horses after she cut him free.The Eyrie didn't look as impressive as I had imagined. In my mind it's something of a Neuschwanstein castle set atop a hill. We didn't even get that good look at it. And the sky cell they put Tyrion in looked too big and thus not so dangerous, and was the floor actually tilted downwards?Lysa Arryn is one crazy bitch! I already knew that but I'm not sure she felt that way this early in the book. And a big eeeewww at her breast-feeding her Sweetrobin. That must have been a fake boob by the way.I guess it was inevitable to show a scene between Renly and Loras. But it did convey that they are gay, something I didn't pick that up this early in the book, but my "gaydar" isn't very developed. It's a bit clichA© to have a knight called "the Knight of Flowers" (the added a "the" in front of "Flowers" on the show) being picture perfect and gay. Not to mention the Rainbow guard. But this is something I also thought when I read the books. And here Loras planted the thought in Renly that he could become king, and we learn that the Tyrells are a rich house too.A surprisingly candid and civilised discussion between Robert and Cersei. Who'd have thunk? It also showed that Robert is much more than a buffoon. He actually knows it would be suicide to meet a Dothraki army in the open field.Jaime is acting brash as usual with his attack on Ned. Poor Jory.
478	valacirca	2011-05-16	BTW... sooo... a "breastplate stretcher" isn't a real thing then? /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
479	Bronn Stone	2011-05-16	I don't understand the complaints about TV-Loras' body type.  As somebody mentioned towards the end of the first thread, he's described as "slender as a reed".  If this actor doesn't have the body type you pictured...well, that's fine, but you weren't picturing Loras as he was actually described in the books.We are told that Loras is only an average swordsman but a top notch jouster, but never really told why.  His older (and larger) brother Garlan is the swordsman.  "He's highly skilled but just too damned skinny" is an ENTIRELY consistent explanation, especially in light of the reed comment.  Great technique, weak physique.  In the lists, his skills can get him past most knights, but he chooses to resort to trickery to defeat the Mountain, who has good technique and monstrous size.  The one example we have of Loras going wild with swordplay is when he slays a good portion of the Rainbow Guard, including several very strong swordsmen.  But we don't know the details of those fights beyond the fact that Loras was in a rage and the situation was chaotic enough that it might well have happened so quickly that his opponents were unprepared for his fury.Just because you pictured something does not make it so.  In fact, there is an almost 100% certainty that somewhere along the line in this vast tale, there is something you pictured dead wrong.We all know that the ripped body of the modern athlete is a result of modern training techniques that mostly did not exist in ancient or medieval times.  We know that Roman Gladiators prized a layer of body fat thinking it gave them more protection.  Spartacus: Blood and Sand is not realistic, folks.  They didn't look like that.On the subject of the episode, it will get my lowest grade yet.  I am pretty much bored with combat scenes and this ep had a bunch of them.  I am more about character development and acting (I love I, Claudius and the effects and sets of that one don't put me off a bit).I loved snitty Bran intentionally futzing his lessons.  I also laughed at Theon's comment about the traditional skill sets of the Greyjoys.  Didn't miss Daenerys or Jon one whit (plenty of NW last week and I applaud the decision not to split that subplot across two episodes).Didn't care for the handling of the tourney.  There should have been some montage shots of other riders at least heading at each other - good opportunity to throw Easter Eggs at the fan base with heraldry and give the impression of the scope of the event to the general audience.  Maybe with a 'scoreboard' of some sort showing the sigils of defeated contestants being removed so as to demonstrate the passage of time AND reinforcing the fact that the Loras-Gregor tilt was the semi-final matchup.  We also needed to see Sandor dump Jaime.To stevelabny, you are simply wrong about what is canon.  If it is in the author's notes and the author says it is canon, it is canon.  End of story.
480	Uruk-hai	2011-05-16	I've seen a lot of complaints about Theon's redundant scenes (redundant, at least, from an info perspective). I think what the creators are doing is showing that everyone (even whores) thinks of him as a hostage, while he tries to convince himself that he's a ward. I think this nicely foreshadows his storyline in season 2 when he visits home and his treatment there.
481	Smiler	2011-05-16	Great episode (my favorite since The Kingsroad episode)!  My concern of a lack of "epicness" from the way the tournament was handled were somewhat laid to rest with the handling of the mountain clan battle.  I thought it looked real, and was grizzly as hell.  There is hope for Whispering Wood and the Greenfork.  Sure I wish the tournament would have been grander, but I won't dwell on it.  This episode had just the right amount of actual quotes from the books.
Most people have already laid out the pros and cons fairly well but I'll comment on the 2 most controversial:
Cersei/Robert scene:  I liked this scene a lot.  I guess AGOT is still pretty fresh in my mind since I'm in the middle of a reread (currently halfway through Clash).  The two complaints I hear a lot are that Cersei is not as coldhearted and bitchy as she is in the books, and she isn't as sexy and sluttly as the books portray her either.  I agree with Maia that the Cersei that we're seeing on screen at the moment is very consistent with the AGOT Cersei.  We really don't get to see Cersei's scheming direct bitchiness in AGOT, with the exception of Lady's death, until her meeting with Ned in the Godswood, and then later when she tears up the King's final orders in the throne room. Other than that, we get disgusted looks and her occasional pissiness to Robert.  As far as her permiscuity, we don't hear any rumors of that until ACOK.  I thought the scene worked well and wasn't a departure in character.  Cersei tells Ned in the Godswood that she did think that she could grow to love Robert, until the night of their wedding when he said "Lyanna" in bed. Maybe the TV Cersei held on a little longer, but not by much, and I don't think it's out of character to have a conversation about it like they did.  I also liked that the scene showed the other side of Robert, and the main reason why he has turned out to be a drinking womanizer and lousy king.  You can see that he believes things would have been different, he could have been a better man if he only had Lyanna.  We don't know if he would have (Lyanna doesn't seem to think he would change his womanizing ways, according to her conversation with Ned), but it's nice to see that side of Robert. 
Renly/Loras:  I think Loras looks fine.  The book describes him as slinder, somewhat effeminate.  I like how the scene established a more solid foundation for why Renley would declare over his brother.  It does kind of rule out trying to bring Margaery to Robert, but I don't think that it's overly important.  I'll reserve judgment if Renly is too much of a wimp, I'll see how he plays to the crowd.  If his outside confidence is how it is in the books, I don't have an issue with him being a little wimpier in the bedroom, since we never see how he is with Loras when they're alone.  Going by how he acts in the council meetings, I think he will be fine.
EDIT - Looking at titles, is Episode 7 going to be when Ned gets beheaded?  Aren't they taking a big risk by letting this episode get watched in advance a week early by the HBO Go (or whatever it is called) subscribers?
					
					
							Edited by Smiler, 16 May 2011 - 01:18 PM.
482	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	Here's this week's review of Ep. 5 by..  I can never remember this guy's name.  He's not as hilarious this week as he usually is, but he mentions that's because he was so furious when that guy stabbed Ned in the back of the leg during the Ned-Jaime fight, that he had to spend an hour in full 'nerd rage' about it before he could calm down enough to do the review.LOL, its also enjoyable when reading or watching the reactions of non-readers.  The one overwhelming trait they all seem to share by this point is that by now--they don't trust anybody anymore!  Him, included.  I laughed like hell when he says 'ok, Tyrion saved Lady Stark and he's pretty convincing that it wasn't him that tried to kill Bran, BUT, he's real smart, so who knows, and besides, he is a Lannister.'Good stuff.http://www.youtube.c...r/OtakuASSEMBLE
483	Ran	2011-05-16	stevelabny,
They don't need to bash them, no, but they also don't need to build him up. It's very obvious that the show's Ned Stark is intended to be Jaime's equal or near-equal.
And, who says Ned isn't the main character of the story? His character completely dominates AGoT. It all depends on what "the story" means -- that's obfuscation, not misrepresentation, which is what you seem to feel the producers are "really" doing when they talk about Ned's prowess.
484	End of Disc One	2011-05-16	GRRM said that Ned Stark is the main character of the "series."  Some people call seasons series, and he probably is the main character of the season.
485	alguien	2011-05-16	Oh, you mean like when GRRM said that Ned was the main character of the story? Behind the scenes snippets often don't contain the full truth due to the nature of spoilers. The showrunners can't bash Ned too hard, because they have to make him a convincing plot element.GRRM specifically said Ned is the main character of the first season, and of the first book--because he had the most POV chapters.  Which is true. I don't buy that they're "upping" Ned for the fight because they want to convince audience members he'll live.  They've ALWAYS had this element of Ned and Jaime being equals, from the very early leaked scripts. And a second point, that is probably going to open up a whole 'nother can of worms that I don't even want to get into.Listening to a creator's viewpoint on their work is almost NEVER a good idea. As odd as it sounds, the creator is often an unreliable narrator when talking about their work outside of the work itself. This is why millions of internet hours have been taken up defining "canon" as only what happens IN the books and whether or not authorial intent should be factored in.It shouldn't.I completely disagree.  The creators are in effect, the gods of that universe.  Its not yours. Its not mine.  Its theirs. Utterly. In this case, Beniof and Weiss, sub-gods if you will, have just flat out said your interpretation of the fight is wrong.  Which, even before I watched that scene, I agreed with them.  It was an even fight. That fans claim to know what is and isn't canon and what did and didn't happen is often bizarre to me.  They have nothing to do with it. If GRRM himself would do an interview and talk about a scene that isn't in the books, it wouldn't be canon, whether it was something ridiculous like a Ned-Cersei one night stand, or something perfectly believable like some new atrocity by Gregor Clegane. The same is true for D&D and the show-canon they're building, their interviews are meaningless and should not be seen as canon. (Although that doesn't mean its not INTERESTING)That's just wrong. If GRRM said that something happened, I consider it to be canon unless he subsequently changes it in an actual book.  Same with D&D for their show.  They were the creators of the show and they filmed the scene with a specific intent. Its documented evidence.  Look on the forum if you like.  You may have interpreted it differently, but to claim that it wasn't their intent, based purely on your own observation (which is very contested) and zero evidence besides claiming we shouldn't listen to creators, doesn't make sense.  As a further example, Loras and Renly would be gay in canon whether George answered the question or not, because its there in the book. Harry Potter's Dumbledore being gay is NOT canon, because it simply isn't in the books, and JK Rowling's interviews are no more canon than fan-fiction. Final example: HAN SHOT FIRST.First off, I consider Dumbledore being gay canon.  Its the reason he delayed fighting Grindlewald and made sense.  She (JKR) created entire histories of what happened to her characters generations later.  The bolded sentence makes zero sense and frankly, is insulting to creators of any fictional content.  She owns Harry Potter. She created him from nothing, and I suspect, knows rather more about what happens to him than you or I. HAN SHOT FIRST is a poor example, as its a RETCON.  Different animal entirely. Some of them are good, (The Hobbit springs to mind) and some less so--like Han Shot first.
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 16 May 2011 - 02:45 PM.
486	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-16	This episode definitely had its high moments for me and had some nice details. Many of them were visual and striking.For example, that image of crazy Lysa with her kid was made so much more powerful by the twisty jagged wooden throne that framed her. That picture of her when she had her arm stretched out on the 'armrest' clutching the wood, with her eyes bugging out, was postively witch-tastic. Wow. They did a fantastic job.I also loved that moment when Tyrion looked out of the sky cell and suddenly there was this yawning gulf, with clouds floating by below him. Both Bellis and I jumped straight up out of our chairs when it happened. It definitely transmitted a feeling of vertigo to the viewer.I thought the image of the Mountain killing his horse was just...very visceral. I'd actually forgotten about that moment, and to see him just chop his beautiful black horse's head off right there in front of everybody was extremely shocking. That images is seared into my brain.Another little detail that I loved was the constant buzzing of flies you heard in King's Landing, even when Robert and Cersei were talking. It helped to make the scenes feel more authentic - when it's hot enough that you have to have all the windows open, you get bugs. And Mediterranean flies are real evil bastards. It did gross me out when they had the buzzing flies around Ser Hugh, though. The Silent Sisters were excellant and seeing the quite gruesome nature of what they had to do was a nice touch. It even looked like that one Sister had blood under her finger nails.
487	Kalbear	2011-05-16	I don't understand the complaints about TV-Loras' body type. As somebody mentioned towards the end of the first thread, he's described as "slender as a reed". If this actor doesn't have the body type you pictured...well, that's fine, but you weren't picturing Loras as he was actually described in the books.It's not his body type that I had a problem with - it's the complete lack of any visible musculature. He looked like someone who has done almost no exercise in his life. It was quite jarring. I think a smaller guy who's slender is a good fit for Loras - but slender doesn't mean not-muscled. Skinny guys can have muscles too - again, look at Manny P.
488	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-16	I always thought that the term "canon" applied only to the written works themselves.  Anything else, no matter WHO it came from, would not be considered canon.  Interpretation, inference, analysis - it's all extra.
Of course this is just semantics, because if an author or creator comes out and says, "This is what I meant," then that becomes reality whether we interpreted it that way originally or not.  But I would not consider it "canon."
489	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	Well, that's your interpretation.  Which incidentally, according to the CREATORS of the show, is totally wrong: The Wolf and the Lion: Behind the Scenes(check around 3:45)Yeah, check around 3:45. That would be after they state that Lysa's behaviour is because she thinks the murderers of her huband are brought to her house and after they state that Varys is at any point just doing what is best for the Kingdom as he tries to convince Ned and Tyrion. It's not like Lysa killed her husband herself and Varys is at this point partial to Viserys' ascention to the throne, no matter what Ned does.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 16 May 2011 - 01:40 PM.
490	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-16	Oh, and I have to add one more visual detail that I liked.
Before Varys and Littlefinger start sparring, Littlefinger stands contemplating the Iron Throne. Thereafter the sparring session starts. I loved that the two of them were there playing the actual game of thrones with the Iron Throne itself as a back drop. Nice touch.
491	Xenophon	2011-05-16	It's not his body type that I had a problem with - it's the complete lack of any visible musculature. He looked like someone who has done almost no exercise in his life. It was quite jarring. I think a smaller guy who's slender is a good fit for Loras - but slender doesn't mean not-muscled. Skinny guys can have muscles too - again, look at Manny P.Agreed.  A man who practices fighting daily should have visible muscles.  It didn't bother me greatly, because I thought he did a great acting job, but it did look a little odd.We all know that the ripped body of the modern athlete is a result of modern training techniques that mostly did not exist in ancient or medieval times.  We know that Roman Gladiators prized a layer of body fat thinking it gave them more protection.  Spartacus: Blood and Sand is not realistic, folks.  They didn't look like that.I don't think people saying he needs to look like Usain Bolt or LeBron James.  There's a whole range between TV-Loras and highly conditioned modern athletes.  Also, gladiators are a terrible example of what real fighting men would look like, given the difference between show-fighting and real warfare.
492	alguien	2011-05-16	Yeah, check around 3:45. That would be after they state that Lysa's behaviour is because she thinks the murderers of her huband are brought to her house and after they state that Varys is at any point just doing what is best for the Kingdom as he tries to convince Ned and Tyrion. It's not like Lysa killed her husband herself and Varys is at this point partial to Viserys' ascention to the throne, no matter what Ned does.Well, we don't know what role they're going to give Lysa.   But in that, they're deliberately not giving away a central mystery of the first book.  Are you seriously equating that with talking about how good a fighter Ned is? Re: Varys. Actually there are entire monologues from Varys about how his main motivation is the good of the realm.  We really don't know yet what his motivations are. He may just believe that the Targs are what is good for the realm.
493	JSpin13	2011-05-16	Well, that's your interpretation.  Which incidentally, according to the CREATORS of the show, is totally wrong: The Wolf and the Lion: Behind the Scenes(check around 3:45)wow that completely clears that up. i had misinterpreted that scene as well
494	wolverine	2011-05-16	[*]A surprisingly candid and civilised discussion between Robert and Cersei. Who'd have thunk? It also showed that Robert is much more than a buffoon. He actually knows it would be suicide to meet a Dothraki army in the open field.He also states how stupid it would be to sit and hide in their fortified cities letting the Dothraki rape and pillage the entire countryside as Jorah suggests.I don't know that we ever actually hear alot about the Dothraki battle strategies but they are portrayed very similar to Mongolians IMO.  If that is the case what are they supposed to do if they invade Westeros.  When they say they should not meet them in the open field that they should  choose non-open field places to fight or not fight them at all as Jorah suggests?Generally the army where every warrrior is mounted gets to choose the place that they actually fight you at when you leave your castle.  I am just curious what people think would be the best plan of defense for Westeros. I for one agree with Robert that they can't just hole up in their castle waiting for them to get bored.  But maybe I am an idiot.  Are none of the free cities that they sack fortified?
495	Huan	2011-05-16	EDIT - Looking at titles, is Episode 7 going to be when Ned gets beheaded?  Aren't they taking a big risk by letting this episode get watched in advance a week early by the HBO Go (or whatever it is called) subscribers?Episode 9 "Baelor" (as in Great Sept of) is more likely for Ned's execution. Episode 8 "The Pointy End" is probably when all hell breaks loose and Arya escapes. Episode 7 "You Win or You Die" probably contains the scene between Ned and Cersei when she delivers that line. Synopsis for episode 7 includes "An injured Robert takes pains to ensure an orderly transition at King's Landing" so I assume Robert's death will be either at the end of Episode 7 or beginning of Episode 8.
496	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	Re: Varys. Actually there are entire monologues from Varys about how his main motivation is the good of the realm.  We really don't know yet what his motivations are. He may just believe that the Targs are what is good for the realm.Since he doesn't have a POV chapter, I assume you mean monologues given for the benefit of whoevers he has as audience.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 16 May 2011 - 02:20 PM.
497	Kalbear	2011-05-16	Bronn - a completely defined person is not what I"m talking about either. As an example, think about when we see Robb, Jon and Theon in the bathhouse. Theon's not exactly a stocky guy - none of them are. But they've all got at least some muscles.
498	Cereal Forel	2011-05-16	Yeah, check around 3:45. That would be after they state that Lysa's behaviour is because she thinks the murderers of her huband are brought to her house and after they state that Varys is at any point just doing what is best for the Kingdom as he tries to convince Ned and Tyrion. It's not like Lysa killed her husband herself and Varys is at this point partial to Viserys' ascention to the throne, no matter what Ned does....
499	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	This is the book spoilers discussion, read the fourth book.
500	Bronn Stone	2011-05-16	Oh, you mean like when GRRM said that Ned was the main character of the story? Behind the scenes snippets often don't contain the full truth due to the nature of spoilers. The showrunners can't bash Ned too hard, because they have to make him a convincing plot element. And a second point, that is probably going to open up a whole 'nother can of worms that I don't even want to get into.Listening to a creator's viewpoint on their work is almost NEVER a good idea. As odd as it sounds, the creator is often an unreliable narrator when talking about their work outside of the work itself. This is why millions of internet hours have been taken up defining "canon" as only what happens IN the books and whether or not authorial intent should be factored in.It shouldn't.If GRRM himself would do an interview and talk about a scene that isn't in the books, it wouldn't be canon, whether it was something ridiculous like a Ned-Cersei one night stand, or something perfectly believable like some new atrocity by Gregor Clegane. The same is true for D&D and the show-canon they're building, their interviews are meaningless and should not be seen as canon. (Although that doesn't mean its not INTERESTING)As a further example, Loras and Renly would be gay in canon whether George answered the question or not, because its there in the book. Harry Potter's Dumbledore being gay is NOT canon, because it simply isn't in the books, and JK Rowling's interviews are no more canon than fan-fiction. Final example: HAN SHOT FIRST.When you give terms your own definitions that don't correspond to how the rest of the world defines them, you are always right, but seldom actually communicating.
501	Aganerral	2011-05-16	EDIT - Looking at titles, is Episode 7 going to be when Ned gets beheaded?  Aren't they taking a big risk by letting this episode get watched in advance a week early by the HBO Go (or whatever it is called) subscribers?hmm, that depends.  The forums here only list 8 episode titles, but there are 10 in the season.  I think episode 7 would have Cersei and Ned's chat in the Godswood...I think that's when the quote 'You win or you die' appears in the book.  I'd imagine that the beheading would be end of episode 9/very start of episode 10.  In terms of KL storyline, I'd guess that the next few eps cover:Episode 6: Ned's recovery/Tower of Joy dreamEpisode 7: Ned/Cersei conversation, Ned's deal with LFEpisode 8: Ned's arrest, Arya's escape (it's titled 'The Pointy End' /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)Episode 9: Ned's time in dungeon, Joffrey's 'forgiveness' of Sansa and reshuffling of kingsguard, closing on the steps of teh Sept either with Joffrey calling for Ned's head, or the actual beheading
502	oneeye	2011-05-16	I think Theon's scene with the latest lovely whore was also setting up Tyrion's obsession with whores as they discussed him, and the scene later with Alayaya (?), even Tywin/and then Jaime, which is so crucial.
I like NMH (need more hound)
503	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-16	Ned Stark crossed blades with the Sword of the Morning and lived to tell about it. Or rather, lived to say infuriatingly little about it. He's no slouch when it comes to swordplay, and I would say he's definitely on the level where Jaime has to break out his A material in order to win.Dunno, they were 7 against 3, and Im pretty sure his bannerman tried to protect him. Everyone says that The Sword of the Morning was the best knight in all the realms and Ned told Bran that the only reason he was alive was because of Rowland Reed, the other survivor from the 7. Im pretty sure Rowland used poison or some kind of trick, since it looks like that is what the crannognmen use.
504	alguien	2011-05-16	Since he doesn't have a POV chapter, I assume you mean monologues given for the benefit of whoevers he has as audience.So you admit that its a valid interpretation? And do you mean the monologue he gave to the imprisoned Eddard Stark that would serve no ulterior motive whatsoever since Stark was either about to take the black or be executed?
505	Jaime L	2011-05-16	I also loved that moment when Tyrion looked out of the sky cell and suddenly there was this yawning gulf, with clouds floating by below him. Both Bellis and I jumped straight up out of our chairs when it happened. It definitely transmitted a feeling of vertigo to the viewer.Yeah, bringing the sky cells to the screen was one of the overwhelming successes of their design team thus far. They even got the sense of scale and vertigo with the pan out and even the sloping floor. Just another example of the series sweating every detail. This series really hasn't missed much if any of the minutae from the books. Love it because as readers we know with confidence that they're going to try to tackle everything, they're not just going cut it out...so we can begin to wonder what future scenes hold (Ned's fever dream of the Tower of Joy, Riverrun, Walder Frey) with the knowledge that they're going to be as true to the books as humanly possible. Both a satisfying and frightening thought.
506	Kalbear	2011-05-16	re the sky cells: one of the things I am happily appreciating is that they appear to be using Michael Komarck's art for inspiration for most things. Ned in the godswood, the sky cell, Arya and the skulls...I'm hoping that the dragon birth is as awesome as well.
					
					
							Edited by Kalbear, 16 May 2011 - 02:47 PM.
507	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-16	Yeah, bringing the sky cells to the screen was one of the overwhelming successes of their design team thus far. They even got the sense of scale and vertigo with the pan out and even the sloping floor. Just another example of the series sweating every detail. This series really hasn't missed much if any of the minutae from the books. Love it because as readers we know with confidence that they're going to try to tackle everything, they're not just going cut it out...so we can begin to wonder what future scenes hold (Ned's fever dream of the Tower of Joy, Riverrun, Walder Frey) with the knowledge that they're going to be as true to the books as humanly possible. Both a satisfying and frightening thought.The Eyrie was not at ALL how I pictured it, but it's easy to see why they did it that way.  They didn't have the time to devote to climbing for a night, and they wanted to convey just how out in the open it was.  They definitely did well with the sky cells.  The scene with Lysa was about as well done as it could have been, given their lack of time to build any kind of relationship between Catelyn and her sister.  It was plain that both Cat and Tyrion knew that Lysa had gone crazy.
508	alguien	2011-05-16	Just read D&D's most recent interview on EW here.Favorite bit:DB: You also got these fantastic actors and you want to play them off each other. For instance, the scene with Varys and Littlefinger. We so fell in love with Aiden Gillenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s performance as Littlefinger and Conleith Hill playing Varys we wanted to give them some time together. You have these two master connivers, and perhaps with the exception of Tyrion, the two smartest guys in the story, you know they talk from time to time, so what do they talk about? Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s like the head of the KGB and the head of CIA getting together for a coffee break. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 16 May 2011 - 03:00 PM.
509	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	Dunno, they were 7 against 3, and Im pretty sure his bannerman tried to protect him. Everyone says that The Sword of the Morning was the best knight in all the realms and Ned told Bran that the only reason he was alive was because of Rowland Reed, the other survivor from the 7. Im pretty sure Rowland used poison or some kind of trick, since it looks like that is what the crannognmen use.But since everyone but Howland and Ned died it's not at all unlikely that Ned had to hold his own against Dayne a little while. Just because you're the best doesn't mean you beat everyone in 10 seconds. That's also further established in the show when Jaime praises Barristan for killing Simon Toyne with the best move he ever saw. Barristan was the greatest knight left after the war of the usurper and he still pointed out that Toyne's weakness (and thus undoing) was his stamina. So the great Ser Barristan won because he could fight hard for a longer time.With that in mind I see no problems with Ned holding up against Jaime as he did. Ned looks to be trying hard, and doing fairly well, but we still see Jaime smile at his best attempts and only look to struggle when they have their test of strength.And in the book, apart from some small tales about Jaime, we don't see him do anything impressive until the Whispering Wood. The book talks about that he's good but only shows him being unhorsed by the Hound rather violently.
510	Rodgex	2011-05-16	The Eyrie was not at ALL how I pictured it, but it's easy to see why they did it that way. They didn't have the time to devote to climbing for a night, and they wanted to convey just how out in the open it was. They definitely did well with the sky cells.The scene with Lysa was about as well done as it could have been, given their lack of time to build any kind of relationship between Catelyn and her sister. It was plain that both Cat and Tyrion knew that Lysa had gone crazy.Ya, for me as well, the Eyrie was not as I imagined it, they aslo didn't show the Bloody Gate at the entrance to the Vale, which really disappointed me, but having said that, the scene where the pan to look at the Eyrie was fantastic, it was very well done, and the sky cells were done to perfection, I loved it. The scene where Lysa is breastfeeding Rob was also very well done, and clearly Lysa was very very insane.Also seeing Arya hiding in the Dragon bones, and sneaking around the castle walls was brilliant.I absolutely loved the scene with Littlefinger and the Spider. I'd say overall this has been the best episode for me so far. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
511	Ser Greguh	2011-05-16	The performance of the kid playing Sweetrobin reminds me of how damned lucky the producers got when casting the major kids in the story to find incredible young talents like Maisie, Sophie, and Isaac (of course, they do have the advantage of being older, but most actors of their age are still not very good).  It was pretty grating.  Apart from that minor blip the Eyrie scenes were totally flawless.  I've heard some complaints that Lysa was "too crazy" but I think that in determining the appropriate level of crazy you start with the fact that she's breast feeding a six year old and let the rest just trickle down from there, and that seems like what happened (which was to my mind spot on).
512	thorny throne	2011-05-16	OH yikes, just watching. 
Lysa is CREEPY, they should have kept her fat. She looked like an unnatural creature. How will they ever 'sell' her and littlefinger, I don't know. SweetRobin was very good, though I imagined him a touch more sickly.
I'm a touch disappointed at the Loras/Renly scene, full body shaving, really? I never saw Renly as the gay sterotype, and I agree with whoever said he should have been a touch tougher than that. And Loras I imagined like Ethan from as queer as folk. Angelic looking, yet fierce. I didn't like his character, either. He should be young, brave, stupid and in love. Cutting Renly on purpose and encouraging him to make a play for the crown? Loras?!
					
					
							Edited by thorny throne, 16 May 2011 - 03:20 PM.
513	NW Deserter	2011-05-16	Finally got a chance to watch earlier today. Wow, this series just keeps getting better and better! I was not about to read all 26 pages of discussion but I have read the past several, I apologize if my random thoughts have been said multiple times already.
Good Stuff
-Lysa and Sweetrobin was disgusting, disturbing, and just plain weird...in a word, perfect! They went to extreme lengths to get this dynamic perfect and just how it was in the books. Shame that Lysa didn't get more screen time.
-The Eyrie in general was well-designed, the sky cell in particular was awesome. I like that they showed the rivulets of water flowing off the edge to give off that ever-so-slightly sloped impression that Tyrion makes note of in the book.
-Bronn was freakin' legit against the mountain clans, he fought like I pictured when reading that chapter. As seems to be a recurring theme with freshly introduced characters, he remains unnamed though. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
-I actually really liked what they accomplished with the Renly/Loras scene. Renly's wussification did seem odd given what we see of him in the books, but we never got to see him alone or only with Loras, so it makes sense to me. And Loras looked pretty much like I imagined. I never pictured him as very defined at all.
-The Robert/Cersei scene had me drawn in more than any scene in this episode...I LOVE what they're doing with Cersei's character in the show vs. in the books.
-Like someone else said, I got the impression that Jaime was kinda toying with Ned in that last scene. Ned was sweating and battering at Jaime while Jaime was grinning a bit and didn't even seem that tired. Very well done scene except for how that one Lannister guardsman took it upon himself to stab Ned in the leg...it seemed like the director couldn't decide how to end the fight and so he wrote that in as a bit of a cop-out. Jory's death made me sad though. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
-Arya talking to the guards was awesome. Love Maisie.
-The biggest positive about this episode was the lack of Dany and Jon, very good decision on the part of the writers. This was the most well-paced episode by leaps and bounds, I never felt like it was dragging at all.
Bad Stuff
-I want more Barristan!
-The LF/Varys scene was a bit too muddled...I'm not totally sure what they were trying to accomplish there. Leading off of that, seeing Varys in three scenes in a row (in three different locations) was a bit odd.
-Although Stannis was finally mentioned, I feel like his name should've been dropped a long, long time ago.
-I thought the Bran/Luwin scene was a bit clunky.
-A whole nother week to wait...but two episodes next weekend!! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
514	thorny throne	2011-05-16	Cers/Robert - thumbs down for me. The raise of the cups and the mutual chuckle over their never-ending hate were good, I imagined they had many talks like this through-out their relationship. However, I REALLY dislike it when they suggest Cers had real feelings for Robert. Jaime was her one and true love, always.
515	Spionkop	2011-05-16	Cers/Robert - thumbs down for me. The raise of the cups and the mutual chuckle over their never-ending hate were good, I imagined they had many talks like this through-out their relationship. However, I REALLY dislike it when they suggest Cers had real feelings for Robert. Jaime was her one and true love, always.In the books Cersie says she tried to love Robert once but saw him with another woman and that crushed any flowering fondness.
516	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	Cers/Robert - thumbs down for me. The raise of the cups and the mutual chuckle over their never-ending hate were good, I imagined they had many talks like this through-out their relationship. However, I REALLY dislike it when they suggest Cers had real feelings for Robert. Jaime was her one and true love, always.Not quite correct. She developed some feelings for Rhaegar Targaryen, and when he died those feelings seem to have been projected on Robert for a short while, before their marriage, because she remembers that she found him handsome and valiant (or something in those lines, as I don't remember exactly) and seemed to think it could work.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 16 May 2011 - 03:38 PM.
517	Abaddon	2011-05-16	Why the quote around "think"? We know how good he is in the books, or at least how good he isn't, because George has said so. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />To be pedantic, we know what George was thinking when he wrote the books.  Whether he adequately communicated those thoughts on the written page is another matter, and it seems like there are quite varying opinions on that.
518	thorny throne	2011-05-16	In the books Cersie says she tried to love Robert once but saw him with another woman and that crushed any flowering fondness.Didn't she say whatever she felt for him (mostly wetness between her legs, cause he was handsome, etc) faded away when he called her Leanna on their wedding day, never mind hurting her when they slept together?I never thought she ever loved him, I agree he didn't give her a chance to do it, but I never thought she turned to Jaime for comfort, she turned to Jaime because they've been doing things together since they were kids.
519	anemona	2011-05-16	Akward
My hubby who has not read the books asked me if Stark's foot would heal.
He will definetely wont be limping!!!! I replied
520	thorny throne	2011-05-16	Not quite correct. She developed some feelings for Rhaegar Targaryen, and when he died those feelings seem to have been projected on Robert for a short while, before their marriage, because she remembers that she found him handsome and valiant (or something in those lines, as I don't remember exactly) and seemed to think it could work.Okay, good point. Forgot about Rhaegar. Still, it felt out of character for me. I just feels like the whole incest thing with Jaime never been properly explained (for starters, that they've been doing this since childhood), this secret is the driving force of the entire first book, and we gotten maybe two scenes between them.
521	thorny throne	2011-05-16	Not quite correct. She developed some feelings for Rhaegar Targaryen, and when he died those feelings seem to have been projected on Robert for a short while, before their marriage, because she remembers that she found him handsome and valiant (or something in those lines, as I don't remember exactly) and seemed to think it could work.Okay, good point. Forgot about Rhaegar. Still, it felt out of character for me. I just feels like the whole incest thing with Jaime never been properly explained (for starters, that they've been doing this since childhood), this secret is the driving force of the entire first book, and we gotten maybe two scenes between them.
522	Abaddon	2011-05-16	my only gripe is apparently one that isn't share by anyone else. The fight scenes seem extraordinarily sloppy for some reason. These are supposed to be the most bad assed of bad asses and they are wielding their swords like hollywood actors on their first run through the choreography. But like I said, I'm apparently the only one. I must have an image in my head that isn't accurate at all.I think there are some unreasonably high expectations here.  These are actors, not trained sword fighters.  Buster Reeves mentions that he got maybe a WEEK to work with Kit Harrington and even less with some of the lesser role actors.  The fights are also being designed to appeal to people who have very little knowledge of real sword fighting and have been raised instead with unrealistic Hollywood martial arts.Simply put, if you know very much about the subject, you're not going to find it very realistic.  Personally, I don't know a heck of a lot, and I find myself suitably entertained.  But give me a ludicrous Hollywood tech explanation of some computer system/programming language/super hackers and I'll be cringing where most everybody else is just fine with it.  YMMV.
523	Spionkop	2011-05-16	Okay, good point. Forgot about Rhaegar. Still, it felt out of character for me. I just feels like the whole incest thing with Jaime never been properly explained (for starters, that they've been doing this since childhood), this secret is the driving force of the entire first book, and we gotten maybe two scenes between them.Yes, But I've always read it as she knew it could never be a full relationship so was looking that strength of passion in someone she could be with properly.
524	Abaddon	2011-05-16	As an example illustrating the above, I recently defeated a kendo sensei in a tournament. He was 5th dan, a sensei who's been practicing for close to 20 years or so (vs my 5 years of experience) with a lot of tournament experience (he also won quite a few of them), and has a very competitive style.  In most circumstances, he would roflstomp me in less than a minute. But not only did I hold my own, I actually ended up beating him 2-1. [...] This does not mean I'm better than him. He would beat me probably 9 times out of 10, if not more often. But that doesn't mean it's impossible for me to beat him, or that it's impossible for me to put up a good fight if I do lose.First of all, congratulations /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.Second, great point.  And in addition, it's worth mentioning that Ned is fighting for his life, and the lives of his men.  Desperation can make you reckless, but it can also drive you to heights of performance you can't normally reach.  I really got the sense that Ned was fighting for his life, desperately, and Jaime was not (and was enjoying it far more).  Ned seemed pushed to his limit, Jaime did not (to me).I think it's fair to say that the Ned of the series is a better swordsman than the Ned of the books, but I don't think it's nearly as egregious a difference as it has been portrayed by some.  And I definitely got the impression that Jaime was still better, if not earth-shatteringly so.
525	legba11	2011-05-16	I don't understand the complaints about TV-Loras' body type.  As somebody mentioned towards the end of the first thread, he's described as "slender as a reed".  If this actor doesn't have the body type you pictured...well, that's fine, but you weren't picturing Loras as he was actually described in the books.He would need some sort of muscle to be a knight.  He has to fight while wearing 50+ lbs of armor, and he is quite good at it.  We don't expect him to be a hulk, not at all, but he would need muscles to do what he does.  He is built like a middle-school boy.
526	Xenophon	2011-05-16	However, I REALLY dislike it when they suggest Cers had real feelings for Robert. Jaime was her one and true love, always.Oh, I like TV-Cersei.  I think this in particular makes her a much more interesting character than book-Cersei.
527	john	2011-05-16	Convenient how Bran was learning the House words, Varys and Littlefinger were facing off like eight years after they first met and Robert and Cersei were discussing Lyanna only 17 years after they got married.  It's almost like they knew they were on TV.
528	Brewmaster	2011-05-16	Okay, good point. Forgot about Rhaegar. Still, it felt out of character for me. I just feels like the whole incest thing with Jaime never been properly explained (for starters, that they've been doing this since childhood), this secret is the driving force of the entire first book, and we gotten maybe two scenes between them.That's one more scene between them than is in the first book. We only see Cersei and Jaime together through what Bran oversees in GOT.And as the series goes on, it becomes more and more clear that Cersei doesn't care about Jaime the same way he does her.Cersei and Jaime's twincest seems to have been more of an adolescent game to Cersei and one that she was willing to grow up and leave behind when she was going to marry Rhaegar.
529	Gildenlow	2011-05-16	I assume they're going to make Ros/Roz the replacement for that woman Theon keeps around in A Clash of Kings, that Ramsay decides to take.
530	Cereal Forel	2011-05-16	I think there are some unreasonably high expectations here.  These are actors, not trained sword fighters.  Buster Reeves mentions that he got maybe a WEEK to work with Kit Harrington and even less with some of the lesser role actors.  The fights are also being designed to appeal to people who have very little knowledge of real sword fighting and have been raised instead with unrealistic Hollywood martial arts.I don't care why it isn't convincing, just that it isn't. I'm also not looking for flourishes and whatnot, I just want their swings to have some weight behind them, know what I mean? Luckily this series isn't dependent on good fight scenes, so as long as the Syrio Forel exit scene and the Red Viper / Mountain show down are sufficiently epic I'll be content /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
531	Abaddon	2011-05-16	re the sky cells: one of the things I am happily appreciating is that they appear to be using Michael Komarck's art for inspiration for most things. Ned in the godswood, the sky cell, Arya and the skulls...I'm hoping that the dragon birth is as awesome as well.I was ready to be all 'meh' but that dragon birth art is fucking awesome.
532	Jaime L	2011-05-16	The Eyrie was not at ALL how I pictured it, but it's easy to see why they did it that way.  They didn't have the time to devote to climbing for a night, and they wanted to convey just how out in the open it was.  They definitely did well with the sky cells.  The scene with Lysa was about as well done as it could have been, given their lack of time to build any kind of relationship between Catelyn and her sister.  It was plain that both Cat and Tyrion knew that Lysa had gone crazy.Yeah, really thought the view from the sky cells and the great hall made it all come together - the former provided the sense of openness and sheer altitude, the latter with its grand and cold white blue veined marble and the coolness of the sunlight that filters in through it. The high altitude, off kilter feel (enhanced by Lysa's sheer creepocity) felt a little Shiningesque IMO.
533	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-16	Things that I liked:The Eyrie: Loved the design and the sky cells. The shot were Tyrion peeks over the edge of his cell was great. In the book it took much longer to reach the top, and you had the feeling that it was a very perilous ascent, but for quite understandable reasons they simply couldn't spend that much screentime on this part of their journey. I also liked the rendering of The Eyrie in the opening title sequence.The Mountain vs The Hound: The fight was cool ... as long as it lasted. I think the fight should've lasted a bit longer, though. It felt rushed and lost some of its impact.Arya: "I'm not a boy!"The hill-tribe fight: Nice action-sequence, showcasing Bronn's skills with the blade (which will come in handy later...). Tyrion: "I'm willing if she is". LOL, straight from the book.The first dialogue scene with Barristan and Ned: I like the Barristan character and it also shows why Sean Bean is one of the best actors in the series. He seemed genuinely annoyed.The scene with Bran and Maester Luwin: I think Isaac's performance in this scene is very good.The swordfight between Ned and Jamie: They deviated a bit from the book here, but I don't really mind. In the book Jamie simply rides away, letting his men take care of Ned and his soldiers. In the TV series it's been suggested several times that Ned is a very skilled swordsman, so when Ned and Jamie confronted each other, I expected it to be an even fight. And it was, until one of the soldiers interferred. I suppose the writers chose to deal with the scene in this way to make things more dramatic, because in the book there's no duel between Ned and Jamie, and Ned injures himself when he falls under his horse.Things that I was less excited about:The scene with Cersei and Robert: I had the impression that their relationship was much colder. I also felt that the scene was too long.The scene with Loras and Renly: I actually think a more subtle approach would've worked better here. And frankly speaking, I didn't feel that Gethin's (Renly) performance was particularly impressive. I didn't really have a problem with Loras' slender frame, though, because he's supposed to look that way (and it doesn't necessarily contradict the fact that he's supposed to be a skilled knight and jouster).The Loras/Renly scene has been the subject of some debate ("were they gay or not?"). Here's an article about gay characters in GOT:Gays Go Medieval in Upcoming "A Game of Thrones" Fantasy SeriesQuote:Renly is "gay in the books, too," says George R.R. Martin, the author of the bestselling novels. But online chatter suggests that not every reader picked that fact up.  "I never meant to make it a mystery," Martin says. "I like to handle  things subtly. I couldn't ever actually say, 'such-and-such is gay,'  because, as I'm sure you know, the word wasn't invented until the 60s.  And I'm talking medieval times, and I'm not going to say, 'so-and-so is  gay.' But I thought it was pretty clear in context."... "I do have lesbian characters in the books, and bisexual characters too," he adds. "The Red Viper of Dorne [in book three] is bisexual. I try to reflect a whole spectrum of humanity as best I can." ... "One of the luxuries of a show like this, one of the upsides to it,  is you can really get a chance to dig in deep to the characters and  explore who they and what makes them, and why they're doing the things  they're doing," Weiss says. "We had two great actors, Finn [Jones] and Gethin [Anthony] who play Loras [Tyrell] and Renly [Baratheon]. [Their being gay is] an integral part of who they are, their relationship to each other."  Weiss gives credit to HBO for being allowed to  explore the characters' sexuality. "One of the great things about [that  channel] is that they give you the freedom to show full people, and  sexuality is an integral part of who they are. It's really important to  present their sexuality openly and honestly, even if they aren't able to  in the [fictional fantasy] world in which they live."
534	thorny throne	2011-05-16	That's one more scene between them than is in the first book. We only see Cersei and Jaime together through what Bran oversees in GOT.And as the series goes on, it becomes more and more clear that Cersei doesn't care about Jaime the same way he does her.Cersei and Jaime's twincest seems to have been more of an adolescent game to Cersei and one that she was willing to grow up and leave behind when she was going to marry Rhaegar.It is possible I'm remembering things from later books (or, more correctly, more backstory as we hear it through Jahat ime's POV)I don't think it was an adolescent game for her, only that she's a) too selfish /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> cannot cope with the change in him.
535	Abaddon	2011-05-16	A long time ago, in a thread that was locked far far away, Ran wrote:Hey, geologist types, what do you figure that mountain [the Eyrie] is even supposed to be? I'm thinking some sort of karst limestone formation, with a bit of fantasy twist. I literally spent ten minutes researching and trying to figure it out for my recap.I am not a geologist type.  But it reminds me somewhat of a tepui.
536	Kalbear	2011-05-16	I don't think it was an adolescent game for her, only that she's a) too selfish  cannot cope with the change in himHe fulfills certain needs for her. She needs someone that she can trust implicitly, that will not betray her (even as she betrays him), that will worship who she is and know who she is. Cersei in the books is a narcissist, and fucking Jaime is as close to her fucking herself as she can get.When Jaime starts actually thinking about jeopardizing her aspirations to go for love - that's when it all falls apart.Cersei does, truly, love Jaime in the book. But it is not the devotion that jaime shows her, it is not the monogamy or the idolatry or the unquestioning love that Jaime has. Cersei would not throw a kid out a window to protect Jaime. (she'd happily throw a kid out a window for any number of other reasons, mind you, but she'd think about the value of it first.
537	legba11	2011-05-16	It came up early in the thread (understandable to miss it in this mess).
The floor of the skycell is sloped, they show the water running out of it.
538	The King's Foot	2011-05-16	Loved the episode - best so far.  Some seriously gasp-worthy moments: - Gregor decapping the horse - The Hound taking a knee right as Gregor's sword flies over his head - those two moments almost back to back were sheer awesomeness - The revelation of the Eyrie - both in the opening credits and in the sceneOther things I loved: - The looks exchanged between Cat and Tyrion in the Eyrie throne room.  Absolutely brilliant acting.  The "what the eff is going on here" vibe was so real, and the brief glance between the two was perfect. - The Robert/Cersei and Varys/LF scenes: yes, they're not in the book.  But they were enormously important to building up those characters in ways we can't get on screen from the inner monologues/observations of the POV chars in the books.  Example: Though RB is a drunken lout in the books, there's enough memory/inner monologue from Ned that we know he was a legendary warrior in his youth and someone worthy of great respect and consideration.  We can't get that on screen unless there are scenes with Robert acting serious and real.  This scene also lets you see he isn't blithely ordering the hit on Dany because he hates all Targs since Rhaegar stole his twu wuv - he has considered the military problem of the Dothraki and concluded he's f*cked if they come across the narrow sea.  Same beat on Cersei - she has added depth now that will make her all the more despicable when she offs RB and reveals she aborted/killed his trueborn son.  Cersei in the show is different from Cersei in the books right now, and this episode was the first one where I started liking the changes. - The fact that Loras looks like he should be in a boy band.  I would have pictured him more muscular, but that's my only complaint.  I always thought of a buff, plate-wearing Justin Timberlake.  This Loras works fine for me, like he wandered over to the set from the Disney Channel where he just wrapped a guest spot on Hannah Montana or something.Things I wasn't wild about but will learn to deal with: - Overall the tourney was a disappointment in terms of the scale and grandeur of it.  The payoff with Gregor/Sandor was great, but I never came close to seeing the enormous extravagance of the tourney, which is supposed to represent some of the gilded-age quality of Robert's reign.  We're-in-debt-up-to-our-eyeballs-but-screw-it decadence.  This looked like RB took Ned's advice and scaled the whole thing down.  Oh well. - Not enough explanation of the hill clans.  Maybe we'll get that on Tyrion's exodus, but for this episode it was confusing as to who was attacking and why. - Ned getting stabbed in the leg, not breaking his leg under his falling horse.  I guess they wanted the ambush to happen right o/s the brothel, so Ned wasn't mounted yet.  But I loved how this scene played in the books and merely liked it here.  I guess this is just one of those scenes I wished they had taken straight out of the books, no changes whatsoever b/c it's so perfect. - Theon's scene.  Alright, I get it.  The man is keeping the kraken down.  Being a ward sucks.  No one takes you seriously.  No, really, I got it. - Renly's portrayal (no, not the gay part).  He's Robert's brother, he reads in the books like someone who is very martial and strong, but just doesn't take all that war stuff too seriously.  Here, he's a dandy fop who looks like he could barely lift a longsword (no pun intended).  I think he just needs to be a little tougher. - No Jeyne Poole, at least not w/ Sansa at the tourney.  If/when we get to season 4, we'll need a Jeyne Poole to come back out of the woodwork and pretend to be Arya (presumably after being plowed like a field in one of LF's brothels for a year or so).I'm really fascinated by next week, as injured Ned should start having recollections of ToJ, right?  I've been wondering all season how they're going to get us the historical backstory on R+L=J and the Robellion.  Should be interesting.  Maybe they should go Lost-style and starting featuring a relevant flashback at the opening of each episode.
539	Bronn Stone	2011-05-16	- Ned getting stabbed in the leg, not breaking his leg under his falling horse.  I guess they wanted the ambush to happen right o/s the brothel, so Ned wasn't mounted yet.  But I loved how this scene played in the books and merely liked it here.  I guess this is just one of those scenes I wished they had taken straight out of the books, no changes whatsoever b/c it's so perfect.I wonder if the changes to the scene (daylight, no rain and no horse falling on Ned) were budgetary.  And not wanting to risk a horse falling on Sean Bean.  Honestly, I expected them to change Ned's injury even before I saw the scene play out.I do want to praise them for the great horse work for Gregor's feisty stallion.  That was handled well, though part of me cringes at what they might have been doing to the horse to get those reactions from it.I hope they have smaller and steeper sky cells later on, though I'm not sure how they'd work them in.  I also want Mord to say his important line, "is beans".  Get that one wrong and you ruin the entire series.
540	thorny throne	2011-05-16	Loved your list, the King's Foot. 
This episode, though I frowned at a couple of things, was definitely great. As we keep saying this, it's a good sign. Can't believe only 5 more to go, this is just too brief, people barely had time to sink their teeth in it.
I'm totally with you on how cool it was to see the Eyrie in the opening credits. I love those little surprises.
541	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	I do want to praise them for the great horse work for Gregor's feisty stallion.  That was handled well, though part of me cringes at what they might have been doing to the horse to get those reactions from it.Maybe that pretty white horse was a young mare in season.  No need then to train a stallion how to react to that!   /smileysex.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smileysex:' />
542	shadow of death	2011-05-16	Addy as Robert is awesome.  Wasn't there a scene in the book where robert knocks the Kingslayer on his but in the stands at the tournament.  I was looking forward to that.  I just love how he is really the only one that gives the lannisters a hard time, he actually enjoys it.
When he was trying to get his armour on I was trying to get a glimpse of his "hammer"  I would love to see the show version of his weapon.
I really dont remember anywhere in the books that it is declared that Jamie is the greatest swordsman. They don't really say who the "best" is. Obviously Ned is pretty good, he survived many battles in the war.
What is up with those shields?  They look like they couldn't block a spitball!
543	QueenOfThorns	2011-05-16	My initial gut reaction to any scene that is not in the books is "yuck," however, I did like the Cersei/Robert scene after my initial reaction subsided.  Mostly I can just understand why it was done.  I mean, Robert dies not even 2/3 into AGOT, and in an season with only 10 episodes, we don't have much time left with the lovable lout.  Non-readers need to learn more about his character and the Cersei/Robert dynamic.  Either way, this scene was particularly superbly acted.
544	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-16	This scene also lets you see he isn't blithely ordering the hit on Dany because he hates all Targs since Rhaegar stole his twu wuv - he has considered the military problem of the Dothraki and concluded he's f*cked if they come across the narrow seaI think GRRM also showed a different, more 'humane' side of him in the book after Robert had been mortally wounded. Robert then said that he didn't want Dany to die, because she was only a child (just like Ned had told him). He believed it was the Gods who'd sent the boar to kill him, as a punishment. He might also have said this simply to make peace with Ned, of course, but it felt more like he was speaking from the heart, so to speak.My impression is that Robert's judgment is often clouded by his constant drinking, but when he's dry he makes a lot more sense. I also feel that a lot of his loud talk and brash, boisterous behaviour not only has something to do with his alcohol problems, but that it's also a kind of 'facade'.- Not enough explanation of the hill clans.  Maybe we'll get that on Tyrion's exodus, but for this episode it was confusing as to who was attacking and why.I felt that the explanation they gave in the TV episode was sufficient. Tyrion made it clear that the hill tribes or shadowcats would kill him if he tried to escape. Soon after they were attacked. I don't feel it's that important to know why they were attacked, because I think it's logical to assume that the hill tribes wanted to kill/get rid of them and steal their stuff.
545	elmis	2011-05-16	Loved the ep, but I have a few nitpicks that I didn't like.
1. Littlefinger seemingly knows about Varys secret game? Doesn't that really change everything? I cannot believe that the book Varys would be SO sloppy.
2. They should have kept the Jamie vs. Ned scene exactly like the book. 
"I want him alive"
<jump to where you have him alive, but after a fight seemingly to the death>
"I want my brother!"
<the leave him>
WTF? The scene is a lot more coherent and powerful in the books, and it shouldn't have been that hard to copy nearly play-by-play. 
Also, that a politician who doesn't fight in tournaments and hasn't been in battle for the last 7 years is equally matched to Jamie Fucking Lannister is insane, at least if you take the books as a benchmark. Could be that they've given Ned a powerup in the TV series to make him fit the "hero" role better.
546	Sword in the Morning	2011-05-16	What to say, what to say...
This was hands down my favorite episode thus far. I can see where the deviations from the book might irk some viewers, but really the whole presentation was dragging out oohs, ahs, and gasps from me the whole time.
Thoughts?
Renly. Him being gay with Loras is fine, but the way they presented the scene really changed his character. I also feel like a blatant manscaping/blowjob combo wasn't entirely necessary--the connection was there in the books, but you had to follow the breadcrumb trail. It was something that the more observant readers teased out of the woodwork (and was later confirmed by GRRM). It wasn't a scene that was called for due to it being confined to characters' thought process in the books, and I think the writers were trying to get an "OMGWTFBBQ" response out of the viewers. It worked, but at the cost of finesse.
They shoved a LOT of Lysa's crazy into one scene. They definitely got the point across. I'm not decided on whether I feel that's good or bad...but I LOVE-LOVE-LOVED the reaction shots between Catelyn and Tyrion.
I love the fight choreography in the show. They do an utterly fantastic job--avoiding the swashbuckling swordplay of most high fantasy in favor of realism--actual knights used their entire bodies in combat. They didn't just clash blades over and over... they would beat one another with the pommel, grapple, kick, anything it took to defeat the opponent. The choreography here is less flashy and more rough and tumble and brutal, and I love it. 
The Tourney was underwhelming. 'nuff said.
Honestly, I like most of the added scenes. I feel like a lot of the complaints floating around this site are, for some reason "WHAT, why aren't the characters MORE ONE-DIMENSIONAL?!?!?" No. What I loved about the book series is the vast, all-encompassing gray areas. Whether you agree with the character or not, GRRM provides a reasonable framework for their actions, whether it's greed or lust or vengeance or pride. They're trying to make Cersei, a villain, into someone you can't just hate unreservedly because she's still a person. We don't allow any Saurons in this show, dammit.
Loved the episode, they really cranked up the intensity this week.
547	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-16	I wonder if the changes to the scene (daylight, no rain and no horse falling on Ned) were budgetary.  And not wanting to risk a horse falling on Sean Bean.  Honestly, I expected them to change Ned's injury even before I saw the scene play out.I believe it was for dramatic purposes, but that's just speculation on my part. I think it looks better (from a TV series standpoint) to have Ned and Jamie fight each other than having Jamie simply ride away. It wouldn't have been that difficult or dangerous to make it look like the horse fell on Sean (with a bit of smart editing), so I don't think that was the problem here.
548	Xenophon	2011-05-16	I wonder if the changes to the scene (daylight, no rain and no horse falling on Ned) were budgetary.  And not wanting to risk a horse falling on Sean Bean.  Honestly, I expected them to change Ned's injury even before I saw the scene play out.Yeah, there's no way they could actually put Sean Bean in a scene with a falling horse, and it would have looked ridiculous if he had suddenly put on a helmet or everything had been filmed from behind.  Also, given the changes they've made to Ned for the show, the scene worked really well.  We finally get the Ned-Jaime showdown.  And the soldier stabbing Ned in the back, both makes the Lannisters seem eeevil, but we also see that Jaime doesn't like it, which helps with making him both villainous and sort of sympathetic at the same time.What is up with those shields?  They look like they couldn't block a spitball!Actual jousting shields were pretty small in RL.  They're mainly supposed to give your opponents lance a good target to break on, not to actually protect a man in war.
549	Morrigan	2011-05-16	First of all, congratulations /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.Thanks! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Second, great point.  And in addition, it's worth mentioning that Ned is fighting for his life, and the lives of his men.  Desperation can make you reckless, but it can also drive you to heights of performance you can't normally reach.  I really got the sense that Ned was fighting for his life, desperately, and Jaime was not (and was enjoying it far more).  Ned seemed pushed to his limit, Jaime did not (to me).I think it's fair to say that the Ned of the series is a better swordsman than the Ned of the books, but I don't think it's nearly as egregious a difference as it has been portrayed by some.  And I definitely got the impression that Jaime was still better, if not earth-shatteringly so.Agreed. Too many people seem to think that in a real fight, you have one fighter completely dominating the other. It's true if one is pretty bad and the other is skilled or experienced, but a very skilled fighter (let's say like 9/10, one of the best) vs a moderately skilled one (let's say 5/10) will still be in danger. Also, anything can happen in a fight, you can die pretty fast when handling live blades after all.Convenient how Bran was learning the House words, Varys and Littlefinger were facing off like eight years after they first met and Robert and Cersei were discussing Lyanna only 17 years after they got married.  It's almost like they knew they were on TV.They handled the Lyanna thing well, when Robert said "all this time you never asked about her, why now?". I have my own issues with that scene (well, regarding the whole TV version of Cersei really) but that wasn't problematic in itself. In fact, it's perfectly handled exposition.
550	The King's Foot	2011-05-16	Also, that a politician who doesn't fight in tournaments and hasn't been in battle for the last 7 years is equally matched to Jamie Fucking Lannister is insane, at least if you take the books as a benchmark. Could be that they've given Ned a powerup in the TV series to make him fit the "hero" role better.I've always wondered how good a swordsman Ned was.  He beat Arthur Dayne, but he had 7-3 odds in his favor that day.  By picking Sean Bean to play him, I feel the producers opted for the "older but still athletic and capable" look, kind of a marine corps colonel sort of thing.  I get the sense Ned spent a lot of time training, otherwise he wouldn't be in as good of physical shape.  So, even though he doesn't fight in tourneys, he's kept his skills (honed by actual warfare, unlike Jamie's "one set of robbers plus stabbing Aerys in the back" experience) sharp.  I also think tourney fighting might be lot showier in some sense, and that Ned's skills are more brutal and direct - solely aimed at killing his enemy before he himself is killed.  That's all conjecture on my part though.
551	Cable	2011-05-16	AkwardMy hubby who has not read the books asked me if Stark's foot would heal.He will definetely wont be limping!!!! I repliedUnderappreciated post, I laughed.
552	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-16	Yeah, there's no way they could actually put Sean Bean in a scene with a falling horse, and it would have looked ridiculous if he had suddenly put on a helmet or everything had been filmed from behind.They don't need to put Sean on a falling horse: They don't even need to show the horse falling /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Editing would create the illusion that the horse is falling. There are several ways you could do it. If you really wanted to show the horse falling, you could use this approach (for example):- First of all, you use a stuntman /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />- Make the horse fall (using trained horses) in a long shot- Insert closeup cuts to make it look like the horse is falling on the stunt man- Insert closeups of Sean's face for dramatic impact- Show the horse on the ground, from an angle so that it appears as if the horse is actually lying on top of the stuntman's leg.You could also do it without showing the horse fall, although it would look less dramatic. You could achieve this effect by implying that the horse is falling. A common way to do this is to shoot the horse from a bottom up perspective (beginning of the horse's 'fall'), with closeups that suggests a falling horse and facial closeups of Sean. Then you cut to the long shot mentioned above.
553	WordOf	2011-05-16	For some reason, this is the first episode i have serious beef with. Or some many reasons perhaps, where even to start...Aright first.. Loras and Renly scene.Loras looks far too much like a prepubescent girl. Yes, he's described as slender and all that in the book, but that much? Self-admittedly, he trains hard every day, for around a decade. Surely, even with his ectomorphic constitution, he ought to at least look more toughened, if not more muscular. Also, the felatio scene at the end was WAY over the top. The whole shaving thing was unambiguous a clue enough. More so than what the book offers (if my memory serves). I don't feel the need to be slapped in the face with it, just so we're sure to be completely convinced that they're gay. Where's sublety?Which brings us to LF-Varys scene. A huge blunt, crude pissing contest between the two master web weavers of the realm. Sorry, if the realm's "trickiest" tricksters are on a level where they casually meet in the [b]throne room[/] no less and trade less-than-veiled suggestions of secret knowledge of each other, then it doesn't really matter what anyone does, the realm is absolutely doomed. Again, subtlety please!The fight scene between the Hound and Mountain was awesome stuff. I'd call it a bit too clumsy and slow, but hell, the choreography was stunning and i definitely prefer lumbering giant swings that are kinda required to make damage through all those layers of padding and armor.I guess what my problem with swordfighting is the inevitable lack of skill and ability of the actors. It's simply unavoidable. No matter how much training they do, there's no real substitute for a lifetime of fighting caste lifestyle. The techniques may be authentic enough, given the western medieval fighting manuals information, but the manner of their execution cannot be. And i can't really think of a way to offset that. The difference is made stark by the drastic differences between analysis of the few preserved medieval bones of person of the fighting caste and modern people. The Jamie - Ned duel is... strange. There's somewhat conflicting information as to Ned's fighting ability. On one hand he's said to have fought Sword of the Morning. The old Kingsguard. On the other, that he barely survived, mostly due to his comarades and luck and favorable circumstance. His exploits in the rebellion are rather vague as to his personal proficiency, they seem to imply more of his ability as a commander. Add to that the fact that his fighting days are long over, that he hasn't fought in a decade.Jamie on the other hand, is by many accounts, counted among the top swords in Westeros. He's in prime condition, in best years, also with enough experience not to be overmatched there.And they are shown to have fought in a stalemate?I just can't buy that.Phew, all the venom is out of my system /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />For all the spit i spew, it's mostly just the difference between my interpretation of the story and what's shown. It's still best series i've ever watched. Even if this 5th episode blemishes the gleam somewhat.
554	Kalbear	2011-05-16	Where's sublety?You are watching the same show I am, right?Where was subtlety when 4 gals piled into Tyrion's room or we heard the slurping noises then? Where was the subtlety when we saw Jaime ramming Cersei, or Theon with Roz? Was it particularly subtle when we saw Dany getting slammed by Drogo, or Doreah getting all wet with Viserys?This isn't a subtle show at times.Also, since it needs to be repeated over and over: Ned as a swordsman in the show is way, WAY better than Ned as a swordsman in the book. They purposely and willfully changed that. Ned in the show is one of the best swordfighters in the kingdom. They've established that with him not backing down from Jaime (and Jaime wanting to go after him over and over), Barristan saying how he killed 12 good knights at the Trident...it's different. We KNOW.
					
					
							Edited by Kalbear, 16 May 2011 - 05:46 PM.
555	Sword in the Morning	2011-05-16	Oh, and an afterthought: I had always pictured Loras as Orlando Bloom with curly locks, not quite shoulder length.
556	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-16	I suppose it goes without saying that the boob Young Lord Robert was suckling on was a fake, right? Most assuredly wasn't the actress' boob. Which of course is why they were able to get away with having the scene in there.
I'm hoping the show grows on me on second viewing. I've been letting my kids watch the show, while editing out the R rated stuff. Unfortunately there's too much R rated stuff in this show for them to see it.
557	TerraPrime	2011-05-16	What is up with those shields?  They look like they couldn't block a spitball!I don't know either. They do look rather shoddy. Let me ask that clansman who served as the shield cushion for Tyrion and get back to you.
558	Jojen	2011-05-16	Wow, there really seems to be a real mix of opinions on this ep. I thought it was so-so. Some good scenes, some bad scenes. Some that went on for too long and some that were too short (R+L was just long enough, thank you). I do hope that the Margaery plotline shows up in later eps or in Season 2. I'm not crazy about Loras being such a schemer, although maybe he learned it from his grandmother.In my first viewing, I didn't like the scene between Varys and Littlefinger. It just didn't work for me. It was like they were talking at each other, not with each other. Upon second viewing, I realize that's more or less the point. It's a pissing contest, not a conversation. The best part, IMO, was how Varys gets the last work in the end of the scene as he's walking out of the room: "Disturbing news from far away. Haven't you heard?"A line that didn't work at all for me was LF's comment to Renly about "having his friend." It's not a line that I think the book LF would have tossed out there in public like that. If he's trying to prove that he's got something on Renly, he should keep it a bit closer to the vest instead of practically blurting out Renly's...inclinations in front of everybody.I liked the fight scene between the Hound and the Mountain. The hack-and-slash swordplay worked well there. I thought they had Robert break it up too quickly, though, given how he'd recently announced to Ned how eager he was to see someone fight if he couldn't do it himself.As other posters have stated, I agree that the fight between Ned and Jaime could have been choreographed better, but to me it looked like Jaime was just toying with him. I did like Jaime's reaction to when the fight was unexpectedly cut short. Whether it was necessary or not, it showed that he has an "honorable" side to him and isn't the sort to resort to cheap tricks in fair fight. This makes him slightly more sympathetic that he might be at this point in the books.IMO, Cersei remains as unsympathetic to me as she is in the books, even after her scene with Robert (which I enjoyed but am not sure it was necessary), but that's mainly because the show's version is way too reserved and too much the poor victim. Don't know if it's Headey's acting, or just the way the character's been written, but she just seems awfully bland to me. Whenever I see her, I just want to fast-forward to Season 2.Mark Addy's scenes I want to slow down, pause, and play over and over again. Especially whenever he insults Lancel. Robert's conversation with Cersei made me wonder just how different a king would Robert have turned out if he'd married Lyanna after all.
					
					
							Edited by Jojen, 16 May 2011 - 06:06 PM.
559	stevelabny	2011-05-16	Yeah, check around 3:45. That would be after they state that Lysa's behaviour is because she thinks the murderers of her huband are brought to her house and after they state that Varys is at any point just doing what is best for the Kingdom as he tries to convince Ned and Tyrion. It's not like Lysa killed her husband herself and Varys is at this point partial to Viserys' ascention to the throne, no matter what Ned does.Thank you. That probably would have better a better point for me to make that opening the canon-tangent. Well, we don't know what role they're going to give Lysa.   But in that, they're deliberately not giving away a central mystery of the first book.  Are you seriously equating that with talking about how good a fighter Ned is?I can't speak for DurararaFTW but yes, I would seriously equate them. My original point was that you can't always take what D&D say as fact because they will be guarding against spoilers and hyping up plotpoints. When you see that they're not being honest in their comments abut Lysa and that at best they're embellishing Varys' role... then  why wouldn't the same apply to Ned?
560	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	I believe it was for dramatic purposes, but that's just speculation on my part. I think it looks better (from a TV series standpoint) to have Ned and Jamie fight each other than having Jamie simply ride away. It wouldn't have been that difficult or dangerous to make it look like the horse fell on Sean (with a bit of smart editing), so I don't think that was the problem here.Yes, I'm very sure they did it for dramatic purposes. They have been building up this rivalry between Ned and Jaime and it would be really annoying for the audience to get an anti-climax where they don't square off and then never see each other again.I doubt the book version would have looked that great on TV either. It worked pretty well when it was written but a horse slipping and falling isn't really a very dramatic sight.
561	WordOf	2011-05-16	Whether it was necessary or not, it showed that he has an "honorable" side to him and isn't the sort to resort to cheap tricks in fair fight. This makes him slightly more sympathetic that he might be at this point in the books.I wouldn't exactly call it honorable at that point. In the first book, there isn't a lot in Jamie that could be called honorable with a straight face.I see it more as an unwanted premature ending to the best bit of fun he's had in a while. @KalbearNo need to get agressive /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm sure i've missed loads of the more subtle points unmade in the show. Perhaps due to being a rather  dull witted fellow myself, or because i haven't read the first book in half a dozen years. No need to get upset.As a clarification... I've absolutely zero problem with Tyrion fucking half the Lannisport, moaning and groaning all the while. I've little issue with  Cersei and Jamie going at it doggie. In fact, so far, i've almost no difficulty eating any of the sex scenes. I'm not talking about being modest, hiding the less glamorous parts, until all is shine and polish. The series is caked blood soaked in dirt under a heel. It's proper and consistent that the more base parts of character lives are shown.The lack of subtlety i bemoan is more of a i'll-shovel-this-down-your-throat-so-obviously-you-won't-have-any-doubts type of deal. The Varys-LF thinly veiled "whose is bigger" contest for the prime spider of the realm. The slurp slurp of Loras, being completely redundant after shaving Renly and actually outright telling him he prefers him shaved. Just how explicitly does it have to be shown for us all to get it. This is all the more bewildering, if you take Cersei-Robert scene into account. It's created from nothing, a conglomerate of various references and scenes that couldn't be given screen time. It's pretty damn well done. The dialogue is in-character, it doesn't explicitly scream what they're saying in your face, yet it tells it all the same. That's the type of storytelling i want.
562	WordOf	2011-05-16	-dammit, doublepost. Delete please /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />-
					
					
							Edited by WordOf, 16 May 2011 - 06:30 PM.
563	Jojen	2011-05-16	I see it more as an unwanted premature ending to the best bit of fun he's had in a while.You're right. Jaime actually smiles during the fight. I think, like Robert, he's happiest when he's swinging his sword (and that includes the one in his pants!).
564	Basileus777	2011-05-16	Could be that they've given Ned a powerup in the TV series to make him fit the "hero" role better.They obviously did.  See the Ned/Barristan scene earlier in the episode.  It's been made pretty clear that Ned is a better fighter than he was in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Basileus777, 16 May 2011 - 06:55 PM.
565	Kalbear	2011-05-16	he lack of subtlety i bemoan is more of a i'll-shovel-this-down-your-throat-so-obviously-you-won't-have-any-doubts type of deal.But that's how it is in the books! There's no mystery about Renly and Loras - or at least there wasn't meant to be. They weren't trying to be subtle; they were trying to be discreet. If you have a problem with it being rammed down your throat it's not because of the change from the books; they're lovers in the books, they're lovers on the show.Just how explicitly does it have to be shown for us all to get it.Just how explicitly does it have to be shown that Tyrion loves whores? That Cersei and Jaime like fucking each other? That Theon likes women? That Drogo likes it doggiestyle?The point is that in all of those cases we're not seeing it to demonstrate that the characters are straight or like sex; they're being shown because it's a relationship and it's sex. Just like Renly and Loras. It might be a bit confusing, but it turns out that homosexuals actually do have sex with each other. I know, it's crazy but true. Just like heterosexuals have sex too. The point isn't to demonstrate the sex. It's to demonstrate who has the power in the relationship and that they aren't going to shy away from showing homosexuality when it would make sense to do so any more than they'll shy away from showing heterosexuality when it benefits them to do so.It isn't about you getting it. It's not about showing that Renly and Loras are gay. It's about showing people in a relationship fucking each other.
566	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	The lack of subtlety i bemoan is more of a i'll-shovel-this-down-your-throat-so-obviously-you-won't-have-any-doubts type of deal. ... The slurp slurp of Loras, being completely redundant after shaving Renly and actually outright telling him he prefers him shaved.But it was the exact same thing in the Tyrion scene, and it looks like you're saying you have no problems with that scene. Why is it different just because two gay men do the same? And how is showing sex, instead of just giving us the sounds, any less "shoving it down your throat"?I could very well be wrong but it just sounds like you're more uncomfortable with getting a small detail from homosexual sex than with getting almost every detail short of porn when it comes to the heterosexual version.
567	Cable	2011-05-16	And Robert and Cersei went on unbelievably long. I actually went to the bathroom during it.I thought that scene was definitely the best of the series. I could stand to watch that scene a few more times.Everyone's mileage varies I guess.
					
					
							Edited by Cable, 16 May 2011 - 07:11 PM.
568	SFA-OK	2011-05-16	First time post. As a fan of the books I've felt the shows have been so-so up to this point. I thought episode 5 was definitely the best one yet and it's the only one up to this point that I think I'm going to watch again. I have a few problems with how they're going about adapting the first book - 
- The pacing seems to be way too fast compared to the book. Someone mentioned lack of subtly, I'm not sure if that is it, as the book is pretty graphic. I think it's more of a lack of characterization and depth. I had no idea there is going to only be 8 episodes in the 1st season until I saw the list on here. That just isn't enough episodes to do all the characters justice, IMO. I think 12 episodes would've been way better and would allow for more characterization. I guess HBO didn't want to gamble on more episodes in the first season. Hopefully the 2nd season will have more episodes. 
- The friction between Ned and Jaime seems to be overdone compared to the book. The book has enough drama, no need to go over the top, IMO. The scene where Jaime confronts Ned in Winterfell at the feast was ridiculous, IMO. Maybe I'm mistaken but I thought Jaime was barely even in the first book, it would've been cool if he was used less in the 1st season.
- The scene in episode 5 between Cersei and Robert was great but there has hardly been any scenes with that depth of dialogue in the show so far. 
- When adapting a book to screen, the key, IMO, is to make things standout (shots, characterization, pacing) and I haven't really seen that so far with this show. It's been sort of an overly safe, middle of the road take so far (quick shots, short dialogue, etc.). 
- Also not a fan of how the show is handling Cersei and Theon. Theon seems to be a much bigger douche than he was in the book (maybe I'm wrong, but I don't remember him being such a dick in the 1st book). The scene with Cersei and Robert was great but it makes it harder to picture Cersei doing the things she does later in the books. 
I think it would've been cool if they followed certain characters for longer than just a few minutes (sort of like how each chapter in the books is devoted to one character). It would allow for better characterization and depth but I guess with just 8 episodes covering 800 pages of material it's pretty much impossible to do that.
569	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	I think it would've been cool if they followed certain characters for longer than just a few minutes (sort of like how each chapter in the books is devoted to one character). It would allow for better characterization and depth but I guess with just 8 episodes covering 800 pages of material it's pretty much impossible to do that.It's 10 episodes for just under 700 pages but your conclusion is still correct. They have a ton of things to cover in quite short time.I would personally have liked them to utilize 60+ minutes for every episode, rather than just the first, but I have no idea what liberties they have in relation to episode length.
570	IheartTesla	2011-05-16	Let me preface my post by saying I love the tv show and appreciate it bringing the books to life. Having said that, I'd have to agree with my fellow physicist Feynman that there is no greater pleasure than the 'pleasure of finding things out'. So in that sense I am glad I read the books before I saw the tv series and I feel a little sorry for folks going the other way.
In this episode we saw the Loras/Renly reveal, and the Ilyrio/Varys connection made more explicit. The secret of Cersei's kids have also practically been telegraphed to the audience. The thing about a tv show is that it has to focus on a few aspects of the books, and their choice of what to focus on peels away at one layer of the onion, IMO.
Having said that, your imagination is no match for the visual splendor of the Eyrie (say), or even the Wall or the Jamie/Ned fight. Or Tyrion's entire persona. Or Theon's cock. So I'll get over the Loras/Renly reveal.......
					
					
							Edited by cyrano, 16 May 2011 - 08:15 PM.
571	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	Okay, overall opinion on the episode:  eh...My least favorite, honestly.Robert & CeresiI actually really enjoyed the scene with Robert and Ceresi. It makes it seem like her actions later are due to a more humane reason. In the books, she hated Robert. Took him for his crown, aborted the only kid he ever got on her, and has been screwing Jamie practically since she was born. Robert was nothing more than an obstacle to her - one that she hated even more when he called out Lynna's name on their wedding night. (At least, that was my take on it.) The series gives her a real reason and some depth. She tried to be good but it was forced out of her by how Robert treated her, so she gave all her caring to her children. I like this version of her more, even though I think she's pure evil.Arya, Dragon SkullsThe dragon skulls were disappointing. Sadly so. And even though I just re-read the book last week, I still didn't catch that it was Ilyrio and Varys talking until I saw it. That part was interesting.Lyssa & RobertThe Eyrie didn't look how I imagined it would, nor did Lyssa, but she was absolutely insane. Chillingly so. That was perfect. I would have preferred seeing Robert weaker, sicklier, darker circles under his eyes, that sort of thing. He has epilepsy, from what I gathered? I'd think his mother's overprotective tendencies would've made him look worse. Loras & RenlyI'll be brief here since there's a whole thread on this now. Overdone and unnecessary. Out of the two, I'd figure Loras to be the woman in the relationship, not Renly. I think the sexual part of this scene was about as long as the bathtub scene, and just as ridiculous. The entire series would be better if both of those scenes were about 10 minutes shorter.Ned & JamieAwesome. But not the best cliffhanger style ending. Would've been better to show Ned passing out from blood loss and Jamie's face fading out of his vision as he passes out, with Jamie threatening for his brother back. That would have been chilling. This was more of a "wtf? that's it?" kind of ending. And to come after the episode that ends with Tyrion and the swords... sigh. Too much to live up to, I guess.Edit: The previous font I had was retardedly ugly.
					
					
							Edited by Xxtayce, 16 May 2011 - 08:38 PM.
572	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-16	"shoving it down your throat"?I might be giddy with the need for sleep, but this phrasing has me giggling   /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
573	ser_nerdick	2011-05-16	- Another nitpick: I think Arya could have easily fit through the gates that were locked in the dungeon. Just thought I'd mention that. LOL.Easily. That was incredibly sloppy and really killed my suspension of disbelief. I can't believe they let that go... very, very disappointing.I enjoyed this episode overall, mostly because it moved along at a good clip and had action to separate the long dialogue scenes. I think it was the best of the season so far, although I'm afraid that's not saying a lot (in my opinion). The good:- Tyrion was great (again).- Lady Lysa and Robert were almost exactly as I had imagined (ok, maybe I pictured Robert being a bit more sickly and frail). I enjoyed that scene.- bandit fighting scene was also well done. - Horse killing- King RobertThe bad:- too many added scenes, which don't really advance the story much, but rather feel like cheap dialogue filler, which ties into my next issue of... - budget constraints. More than any other HBO show I've seen, I can't watch for five minutes without being reminded that they had serious budget constraints with this show. It's distracting.- The swordfighting. The scene at the end just seemed obviously fake. Like two actors with swords on a soundstage. Which I suppose they were.- Once again, Cersei was an enormous disappointment. She is supposed to be beautiful! Every whore we've seen so far is 10x hotter than she is! - despite the horse killing, the tourney was lame. Reduced to two jousts and a crowd of dozens. Again, the budget constraints.I'm starting to think this would have been better adapted as movies. Or maybe on tv in a few years when CGI will be cheaper and easier. The story is just too grand and epic to be squeezed into the budget they have.
574	SFA-OK	2011-05-16	It's 10 episodes for just under 700 pages but your conclusion is still correct. They have a ton of things to cover in quite short time.I would personally have liked them to utilize 60+ minutes for every episode, rather than just the first, but I have no idea what liberties they have in relation to episode length.So there will be 10 episodes? That's cool. Is the 700 page count you have for the hardcover version? Because the softcover I have is just over 800 pages long.
575	iheartseverus	2011-05-16	So there will be 10 episodes? That's cool. Is the 700 page count you have for the hardcover version?Yes.
576	SFA-OK	2011-05-16	- too many added scenes, which don't really advance the story much, but rather feel like cheap dialogue filler, which ties into my next issue of... - budget constraints. More than any other HBO show I've seen, I can't watch for five minutes without being reminded that they had serious budget constraints with this show. It's distracting.- The swordfighting. The scene at the end just seemed obviously fake. Like two actors with swords on a soundstage. Which I suppose they were.- despite the horse killing, the tourney was lame. Reduced to two jousts and a crowd of dozens. Again, the budget constraints.I definitely agree with all of the above. Like I said previously, it seems like HBO and the team behind this adaptation are taking an overly safe, sort of mainstream Hollywood take on the book and it's suffering because of it, IMO (swordfight, Ned/Jaime, some dialogue, shots, etc.). There does seem to be a lot of lame dialogue filler that you'd find in most of the action or fantasy movies being made these days. I guess it's a reflection of recent trends in moviemaking and shows. Most of the best dialogue is when the writers of the show use dialogue straight out of the book. I think budget constraints might be having an effect on the show but that's no excuse for some of the dialogue and other shortcomings, IMO.
577	Triskan	2011-05-16	I'll just add during my first re-watch that I don't have a big problem with Loras as it seems many do.  Given, I've only read the books once, but I recall the point about Loras being more that he's got some well-practiced skills as opposed to being a martial badass.  
Hey TerraPrime, you getting the Bronn love yet?  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
578	Starkess	2011-05-16	Loras & RenlyI'll be brief here since there's a whole thread on this now. Overdone and unnecessary. Out of the two, I'd figure Loras to be the woman in the relationship, not Renly. I think the sexual part of this scene was about as long as the bathtub scene, and just as ridiculous. The entire series would be better if both of those scenes were about 10 minutes shorter.I do not understand this thought at all. Neither of them is "the woman" in the relationship. What is that even supposed to mean? They are two individual men in a relationship, which is going to have its own dynamics just like any other relationship.Besides which, I didn't find the power differential or whatever you're trying to say that different. Sure, Loras is the one with the big ideas, but this is only one scene between them. It actually seemed to me that they're on pretty even footing, especially given that Renly is royalty.
579	Jojen	2011-05-16	I forgot to mention something. When Renly tells Varys and LF that "my brother's coming" to the council meeting, I immediately thought "Yay, Stannis! Finally!" In the next scene, I was like, "Oh, you mean that brother." Then I remembered that Stannis wasn't in that council meeting anyway.I still felt let down.Has Stannis even been cast yet?
580	Kalbear	2011-05-16	Has Stannis even been cast yet?No. From my understanding Stannis, Mel and Davos are the bigger names to be cast for next season.
581	Xanrn	2011-05-16	Did you seriously just say the Bandit fight was good and the Ned/Jaimie fight was bad?
No the Ned/Jaimie fight was the best damm fight so far.
The Bandit fight looked like standard fantasy fighting with swords changeing how sharp they are from one moment to the next.
582	Snow White	2011-05-16	I don't understand the complaints about TV-Loras' body type.  As somebody mentioned towards the end of the first thread, he's described as "slender as a reed".  If this actor doesn't have the body type you pictured...well, that's fine, but you weren't picturing Loras as he was actually described in the books.Indeed. Jaimie later comments upon his jousting prowess, indicating that it's all in his horsemanship.
583	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	I do not understand this thought at all. Neither of them is "the woman" in the relationship. What is that even supposed to mean? They are two individual men in a relationship, which is going to have its own dynamics just like any other relationship.Misinterpretatius maximus. Would it have been better if I'd said "I never figured Renly to be the little slave boy and Loras to be the Roman lord"? Same concept, different terminology. There's always a dom and a sub, in every relationship. No matter what gender. Please don't misinterpret my comments to have anything to do with sexual preference.
584	valacirca	2011-05-16	It's 10 episodes for just under 700 pages but your conclusion is still correct. They have a ton of things to cover in quite short time.I would personally have liked them to utilize 60+ minutes for every episode, rather than just the first, but I have no idea what liberties they have in relation to episode length.They're still utilizing 55+ minutes for every episode so it's not much of a change compared to the pilot, imo.Regarding book vs episode length... The entire Lord of the Rings trilogy was 558 minutes (the extended version was 683 minutes) and that covered an amount of text that's roughly double the length of AGoT. Now the entire 10-episode series of Game of Thrones will end up being around 542 minutes combined (with the opening and end credits removed).So compared to LotR, which ended up being very well done, Game of Thrones actually has much more breathing room and less pressure to condense and cut things out from the book.
585	Starkess	2011-05-16	Misinterpretatius maximus. Would it have been better if I'd said "I never figured Renly to be the little slave boy and Loras to be the Roman lord"? Same concept, different terminology. There's always a dom and a sub, in every relationship. No matter what gender. Please don't misinterpret my comments to have anything to do with sexual preference.Ah, so women and little slave boys are interchangeably subordinate elements in a relationship?Dude, I don't want to get into it with you, but yeah I found your concept and terminology flawed.
586	Jojen	2011-05-16	No. From my understanding Stannis, Mel and Davos are the bigger names to be cast for next season.Bummer. Guess we have to wait 'til next season to see the Blackfish too, huh?
587	Xenophon	2011-05-16	Misinterpretatius maximus. Would it have been better if I'd said "I never figured Renly to be the little slave boy and Loras to be the Roman lord"? Same concept, different terminology. There's always a dom and a sub, in every relationship. No matter what gender. Please don't misinterpret my comments to have anything to do with sexual preference.Uh, not really.  And for all we know, Renly might have his way on all sorts of other things, even if Loras does lead him around by the nose in terms of politics.  In fact, it seems quite likely, if he's at all like his brother.
588	Starkess	2011-05-16	Uh, not really.  And for all we know, Renly might have his way on all sorts of other things, even if Loras does lead him around by the nose in terms of politics.  In fact, it seems quite likely, if he's at all like his brother.No, no, you clearly don't understand how relationships work. Clearly Renly has voided all rights to being an equal member their partnership by being entirely too womanly. Or slavely.
589	Kalbear	2011-05-16	Indeed. Jaimie later comments upon his jousting prowess, indicating that it's all in his horsemanship.Horsemanship takes muscle. Doubly so wearing platemail while doing it.Note also that this was a guy that in a fit of rage killed two other fairly skilled swordsmen. Then later he is at the front of an army that storms a castle, takes a wound and still keeps on killing. Can you picture this guy storming Dragonstone with an arrow in him?
590	Xxtayce	2011-05-16	I appreciate your differing opinion, but please do not jump on the one sentence I said out of an entire group of paragraphs, especially if you don't know this "dude" (very much a confident woman). "Woman in the relationship" is very common terminology. Not something I made up. I apologize if a colloquialism caused offense.Edit: Back on topic...I meant to mention this earlier,but isn't the intro supposed to show only places that are going to be in the episode? Why did it show the Wall?
					
					
							Edited by Xxtayce, 16 May 2011 - 09:43 PM.
591	Lord Godric	2011-05-16	No. From my understanding Stannis, Mel and Davos are the bigger names to be cast for next season.Along with the Blackfish.
592	Xenophon	2011-05-16	I meant to mention this earlier,but isn't the intro supposed to show only places that are going to be in the episode? Why did it show the Wall?Good question.  Neither Jon nor Dany appeared in that episode, so they really didn't need to show either of their locations.  Perhaps, they just want to keep reminding us of what the overall shape of the world is, so we'll always get the wall and something across the narrow sea.  Or, maybe they just had to fill time?
593	Aganerral	2011-05-16	- Also not a fan of how the show is handling Cersei and Theon. Theon seems to be a much bigger douche than he was in the book (maybe I'm wrong, but I don't remember him being such a dick in the 1st book).I suspect that Teon has always been a giant douche /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  we jsut never saw it much in the first book because the winterfell views we had were Eddard and Catelyn, where Theon would have been on his best behavior, and Bran, who isn't going to be hanging out with Theon much.
594	NW Deserter	2011-05-16	It makes me sad that some people are calling the swordfighting unrealistic, the visuals set-esque, and the added scenes 'dialogue filler'...I must just be way, way less picky than some of you. I'm finding it very hard to find any complains about the entire series let alone individual episodes.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
595	Jaime L	2011-05-16	It makes me sad that some people are calling the swordfighting unrealistic, the visuals set-esque, and the added scenes 'dialogue filler'...I must just be way, way less picky than some of you. I'm finding it very hard to find any complains about the entire series let alone individual episodes.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />It's like you give a starving man a sandwich and he goes: "What, no prosciutto?"
596	ElAguila	2011-05-16	I really liked the scene where Little Fingers and Varys were talking. It really showed the polictics and the air of mistrust and looking out for oneself that is going on in King's Landing.
597	Lightning Lord	2011-05-16	More thoughts on this later, but quick notes:
-Loved the Ned-Jaime fight.  We've had so many discussion on forum about Ned's prowess.  He was clearly less skilled, but no slouch.  Just how he should be.  Jaime is possibly the best in the realm, that doesn't mean he breezes through every opponent.
-Sandor-Gregor was good.  Very well done.  But Sandor hasn't seemed particularly intimidating.  With this scene, he now seems almost honorable.
Cersei-Robert.  Well done scene, well-acted, but not sure I wanted it there.
Renly and Loras do seem a bit too trim to be knights.  Swinging and wearing steel would put on some muscle.  Maybe not bulk, but something defined and visible.  As they are, I am far more muscular than either of them and there's no way I can swing a sword for hours on end.
Really loved the acting and the visuals.  The sky cells and the view from the sky cells was incredible.  Loved the episode, I was on the edge of my seat by the end even though I knew what was going to happen.
598	alguien	2011-05-16	When you see that they're not being honest in their comments abut Lysa and that at best they're embellishing Varys' role... then  why wouldn't the same apply to Ned?... because Ned's skill as a fighter has absolutely zero to do with his fate and spoils nothing?If Ned had been a crappy fighter, and they could have said something to the effect of "Well, he was old and just not as good as Jaime" and what the hell difference would it have made?  There's NO reason for them to lie about this. This is how they've chosen to interpret him for the show and we've known they would do that for awhile. (as to the merits of upping Ned's martial skill--that's totally debatable)The fight was even, more or less.  Jaime smiled at the beginning because he likes to fight, but there was no ownage. And as the fight got serious, the smile was wiped away from his face.  Almost exactly how his fight went with Brienne, in fact.
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 16 May 2011 - 11:07 PM.
599	Jojen	2011-05-16	Or, maybe they just had to fill time?By adding the Aerie it seemed like the opening credits were twice as long as usual. Plus, with all the additional scenes, how much time were they trying to fill?
600	mashiara	2011-05-16	I've been trying to post since yesterday but the board was acting up. I loved this episode, it was hands down my favorite one of the whole series so far. Sure, not everything was exactly the way I had pictured it in my head but that doesn't make this show and this episode less awesome.
As far as the extra scenes go, I really enjoyed the Cersei/Robert scene. To me it added more depth to their relationship and knowing what comes next made me love it even more. Addy is playing a great Robert, we see this in every episode. The Loras/Renly scene? Not my favorite. I just thought the whole shaving ritual was too much of a gay stereotype. I would have maybe preferred a different, more subtle approach, or at least an episode or two were we would be left wondering if they are a couple or not. Knowing right away takes some of the fun out of it. 
Lysa was extremely creepy but the Eerie didn't look quite right. And whoever mentioned the shields earlier, dalThor and I were commenting about them while we were watching, they look pretty insubstantial. But this shouldn't be about nitpicking. Loved Arya, loved Bran, these kids are doing a fabulous job. Even though I knew it was coming, Jory's death made me so sad at the end.
I can't believe the season is halfway over already.
601	thorny throne	2011-05-16	I thought the fight was good, Jaime looked more nimble and showey But Ned did well to hold his owm. You could tell Jaime would have gained the upper hand in a while. You could also feel the age difference between them, Ned looked heavier, almost, there.
602	Maester Yobjascz	2011-05-16	Haven't done a second viewing yet, but a few things didn't sit right... 
 - I *really* missed Eddard being incredulous at the idea of Jon Arryn going to a brothel with Stannis Baratheon. Never too early to give the audience an idea of how uptight Stannis is.
 - The jousting tourney. Yeah, a few more faces would've been nice. But really, the entirety of the tourney consisted of three tilts... both involving Gregor. We needed to see a little montage scene showing at least a few other knights tilting at each other. Let's see that Jaime is good on horseback too. Let's give Jory another run at glory before he's killed off. Let's see the Hound or Ser Barristan. Something. Three measly tilts wasn't enough to do a "tourney" justice.
 - The fight between the Hound and Ser Gregor. It looked like they were holding back. It didn't flow like they meant it... and that bothered me... a lot. 
Otherwise, I thought the episode was pretty awesome.
603	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-05-17	- The jousting tourney. Yeah, a few more faces would've been nice. But really, the entirety of the tourney consisted of three tilts... both involving Gregor. We needed to see a little montage scene showing at least a few other knights tilting at each other. Let's see that Jaime is good on horseback too. Let's give Jory another run at glory before he's killed off. Let's see the Hound or Ser Barristan. Something. Three measly tilts wasn't enough to do a "tourney" justice.Yeah this kind of stuff is very expensive, I think, though I would definitely have loved to see Jaime joust at least!  It's sort of like why they only have battles with more than 20 people in HBO shows very rarely, and only when absolutely neccessary.  Even ROME, the most battle-heavy show, tried it's best to avoid them.  Like in S1 where the two main characters get sent away from the main army for most of Ceasar's rebellion to retrieve the Eagle standard.
604	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-05-17	I still love every added scene in this show more than every directly adapted one.  I'm nto sure if it's the novelty itself, the fact that I get to see the characters I didn't before, or something else but wow.I actually paused the show for like a minute after the Varys / Littlefinger interaction, just to take in the sheer awesomenewss of it.  Hooooly crapola.  Cersei + Robert scene just dripped with venom.  Don't mess with Cersei she is planning to kill you like tomorrow, and she doesn't even give a shit.  Kind of like honeybadger.  One thing I'll note, Robert is way less unsympathetic to me.  He's just...  totally broken, and on top fo that an asshole.  Every scene with Ned and Robert in this episode was just... tense.  I've read people say that Lancel/Armoring scene was funny but I didn't laugh once.  Honestly, if I was Lancel, I wouldn't feel bad at all for what I was about to do.
605	smegma	2011-05-17	I don't get this hate on Renly & Loras's scene - but I can't say that I'm that surprised /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Why should the viewer have to "figure it out" when we don't have to figure out waaaaaay more scandalous sexual relationships like Jaime and Cersei. Cause it was like that in the books? ONLY because they weren't POV characters and weren't caught by Bran. I'm glad there's no stupid mystery for people to figure out and be like OHH HELL NO THEY ARE TEH GAY. That shouldn't be a mystery in our society. It's a relationship, not a fucking who-dun-it (or who is doing it). It sets up so much of the story for those two and the Tyrells to understand who they are and what is going on behind the scenes with a soon to be major player. Get it outta the way and let it out there. 
It was by far one of the more tame sex scenes in the series. I thought the shaving was a nice touch - an interesting dynamic to be presented in a very intimate moment. Should they have been wanking each other off while they talked about succession? 
Anyway, I think it was handled very well and I loved getting a look into the bedroom of Renly /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
606	melicorn	2011-05-17	It was by far one of the more tame sex scenes in the series. I thought the shaving was a nice touch - an interesting dynamic to be presented in a very intimate moment. Should they have been wanking each other off while they talked about succession? Yeah I really liked the shaving as a sign of intimacy and of how much trust he has put in Loras (it's not like they had safety razors back then). Also I don't think it really has anything to do with Renly's "manliness"Â<U+0097>I saw it more as him thinking, "well, if he wants to do it I'll try it," again, another sign of the closeness of the characters.
607	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-17	I'm really surprised that more people didn't get the vibe that Cersei was putting on a huge act with Robert during that scene to get some info out of him. Namely, did he ever really give a crap about anyone or anything other than Lyanna? The answer to that was no, and she made her choice to off him with no remorse.
608	lifefullofwords	2011-05-17	-Loved the Ned-Jaime fight.  We've had so many discussion on forum about Ned's prowess.  He was clearly less skilled, but no slouch.  Just how he should be.  Jaime is possibly the best in the realm, that doesn't mean he breezes through every opponent.I also loved that fight scene, way more than I expected to actually. That's exactly how I imagined Ned's level of skill too... he was very good but Jamie was better and would have won I think. Ned has a lot of power but Jamie is faster and more adept. That's my take on it anyway, sword fights aren't usually my thing so god knows if I read that scene correctly.
609	Lord Godric	2011-05-17	I'm really surprised that more people didn't get the vibe that Cersei was putting on a huge act with Robert during that scene to get some info out of him. Namely, did he ever really give a crap about anyone or anything other than Lyanna? The answer to that was no, and she made her choice to off him with no remorse.Knowing what is coming, I got the sense that she was giving him one last chance to save himself.  Like you said, once he said there was never a chance, she decided she was going to kill him.
610	Lord Godric	2011-05-17	I don't get this hate on Renly & Loras's scene - but I can't say that I'm that surprised /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Why should the viewer have to "figure it out" when we don't have to figure out waaaaaay more scandalous sexual relationships like Jaime and Cersei. Cause it was like that in the books? ONLY because they weren't POV characters and weren't caught by Bran. I'm glad there's no stupid mystery for people to figure out and be like OHH HELL NO THEY ARE TEH GAY. That shouldn't be a mystery in our society. It's a relationship, not a fucking who-dun-it (or who is doing it). It sets up so much of the story for those two and the Tyrells to understand who they are and what is going on behind the scenes with a soon to be major player. Get it outta the way and let it out there. Not to mention the fact that the information that Loras and Renly were lovers is not a mystery to anyone in the books.  It is the worst-kept secret in King's Landing, and just because some readers are slow on the uptake doesn't exactly mean that the show should tiptoe around something that is entirely evident to every character.
611	lifefullofwords	2011-05-17	Knowing what is coming, I got the sense that she was giving him one last chance to save himself.  Like you said, once he said there was never a chance, she decided she was going to kill him.I agree. As she left the room I commented that Robert had just signed his death warrant. The whole scene really fleshed out Robert and Cersei's relationship and her motives for killing him. Lena Headey and Mark Addy were so good together, they really came across like a couple that had been married to each other for a long time and had hated each other for almost as long.
612	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-17	I really liked the Cersei/Robert scene.
613	WordOf	2011-05-17	@Kalbear & Tywin's bastardHad to get some sleep, being  2am. Since discussion seems to have run that course over, i'll keep (or try to) keep it short.I thought i was clear enough that my issue is not with the sex scenes. Whether they're hetero or homo oriented. My issue is with lack of finesse when it comes to conveying what they intended the scene to portray. I pointed out two scenes, Loras-Renly and Varys-LF. The former i've issue with because, as far as i can recall (and i may be wrong, i haven't checked the book) the relationship between Loras and Renly was only hinted at  in the book. In my first read,  i haven't even caught up to the fact that they're lovers, i though they were merely close. Martin has a light touch when it comes to finer nuances of relationships, and if i were to put this particiular relationship in an analogy, it'd be somewhere along the lines of -Martin showing the bull in front of the slaughterhouse - the show displaying galons of blood flowing, entrails flailing, a stray hoof kicking the camera with people screaming. Exagerated, but the first suggests a thing, the other makes it unequivocally crystal clear. And i feel Loras-Renly relatioship is untrue to the book with splattering it so vividly on the screen.In the Varys-LF scene, they're so obviously just competing whose dick is bigger. That kind of frontal assault, lobbing hardwon and treasured secrets one after another, with barely an attempt at veiling them.. that isn't the scheming, court intrigue way. If they did that on as trite a reason as passing each other in the hallway, how long do you think they'd remain masters of intrigue at court?That type of scene, with it's unambiguous dialogue, is what i am talking about. Their characters were shown to be knowledgable spy oriented masters of information networking before. All this scene did, or tried to do, is solidify that role for them. Which was utterly redundant, all it did (to me) is make them look the fools. If you're their type of character, whose survival depends on secret knowledge few are privy to, you don't go around squandering it just so you can win a pissing contest!I think SFA-OK explains it well:Like I said previously, it seems like HBO and the team behind this adaptation are taking an overly safe, sort of mainstream Hollywood take on the book and it's suffering because of it, IMO (swordfight, Ned/Jaime, some dialogue, shots, etc.). There does seem to be a lot of lame dialogue filler that you'd find in most of the action or fantasy movies being made these days. I guess it's a reflection of recent trends in moviemaking and shows. Most of the best dialogue is when the writers of the show use dialogue straight out of the book.They're targeting the widest array of public they can. Thus, they can't afford to hint at things, because a lot of people might miss them and go "WTF?" later on. So they go over the top on a few scenes and make them so crystal clear it feels near character and book mutilation to me.
614	Laron	2011-05-17	I liked the Cersei-Robert and the LF-Varys scenes. In the later, Varys is shown as much more moral (in goals, if not in methods) than LF IMHO. Can you really get much lower than more or less admitting that you provide children and fresh corpses to anybody who can pay?I missed the archery part of the tourney, guess that means that we don't get Anguy the Archer. Also, this tourney didn't exaclty look like it could bankrupt a kingdom. Well, HBO is probably keener on saving than King Robert, but a few RenFair style market tents and a bunch of random knights strolling along would have improved the looks vastly.I noted that Bronn is carrying a Kukri, that's certainly an unusual sidearm for swordfighting, but an effective weapon in itself. We can probably expect at least one fighing scene with it in the nexe episodes.
615	DurararaFTW	2011-05-17	Aright first.. Loras and Renly scene.Loras looks far too much like a prepubescent girl. Yes, he's described as slender and all that in the book, but that much?Umm, yes? He's suppose to look almost identical to his little sister.
616	corvus	2011-05-17	How come so many are bothered by a gay sex scene and almost no one by the extremely graphic violence?
Especially the death of Jory... poor, poor Jory. I had to skip that part on the rewatch  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
617	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	So there will be 10 episodes? That's cool. Is the 700 page count you have for the hardcover version? Because the softcover I have is just over 800 pages long.Yes, there will be 10 episodes and this site just for some reason hasn't made the last two into sub-forums. The final two episodes are "Baelor" and "Fire and Blood". As for page count, I didn't think about the differences between the book types and you are correct in that I was talking about the hardcover version.They're still utilizing 55+ minutes for every episode so it's not much of a change compared to the pilot, imo.Regarding book vs episode length... The entire Lord of the Rings trilogy was 558 minutes (the extended version was 683 minutes) and that covered an amount of text that's roughly double the length of AGoT. Now the entire 10-episode series of Game of Thrones will end up being around 542 minutes combined (with the opening and end credits removed).So compared to LotR, which ended up being very well done, Game of Thrones actually has much more breathing room and less pressure to condense and cut things out from the book.It's not a big change but you can use it to fit some extra things in there. For example, Conan Stevens posted on Winter Is Coming that he had heard that they should have had a stunt man available when they cut the Gregor - Sandor fight. Apparently they didn't use what the stunt people would have liked and since this episode was just 54 minutes without the "last week" part they could easily have used a bit more time for that in order to show the good stuff the actors provided.The first episode was 62 minutes and that was of course also without a "last week" segment. If that segment for this episode was 2 minutes they still had 6 minutes less than the first one. As said I don't know what kind of freedom they have with episode length but I can at least wish.
618	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	How come so many are bothered by a gay sex scene and almost no one by the extremely graphic violence?Especially the death of Jory... poor, poor Jory. I had to skip that part on the rewatch  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />That's a common view of sex and violence in general but I agree that it's a bit disturbing when you think about the consequences of such views.I often get amazed when I hear how people in the US get outraged by a boob shot because their kids can see it while they have no problems letting their kids see all kinds of violent shows.
619	mashiara	2011-05-17	How come so many are bothered by a gay sex scene and almost no one by the extremely graphic violence?Speaking just for myself, I wasn't bothered by the actual sex scene at all. It was the same for me as for any other sex scene in this show or any other show. I could have lived without the shaving part, that's the thing that annoyed me. As I said before, I would have also liked to not "find out" about the relationship right away in such a blatant way, but rather have hints at the beginning, like it happens in the books. That's just my personal preference though and it doesn't reduce my appreciation for that episode or for the series itself.
620	legba11	2011-05-17	All I ask for future sex scenes is that we don't slurping sounds when someone is getting a blowy.  What the the heck are they doing down that to make that sound?
621	bens	2011-05-17	Speaking just for myself, I wasn't bothered by the actual sex scene at all. It was the same for me as for any other sex scene in this show or any other show. I could have lived without the shaving part, that's the thing that annoyed me. As I said before, I would have also liked to not "find out" about the relationship right away in such a blatant way, but rather have hints at the beginning, like it happens in the books. That's just my personal preference though and it doesn't reduce my appreciation for that episode or for the series itself.Well, Renly isn't around for a super-long time. I'm not sure when we'd "find out" if it didn't happen now. The only reason it wasn't more obvious in the books (and GRRM has confirmed this) is because there were no POV characters around to witness them.
622	Abaddon	2011-05-17	How come so many are bothered by a gay sex scene and almost no one by the extremely graphic violence?  Especially the death of Jory... poor, poor Jory. I had to skip that part on the rewatch  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Americans are far more prudish about sex than violence.  Comes from our Puritanical roots I suppose.  There was quite a bit of complaining about the amount of hetero sex earlier in the season, which seems to have died down as people either got used to what was there or gave up complaining about it.Obviously, we're going to get some folks that are more uncomfortable seeing even a suggestion of gay sex than hetero sex, as well as some outright homophobia.  Possibly a small number of people that just dislike the sex scenes in general, and feel compelled to complain again.  And some folks that just don't think this scene worked well, for reasons unrelated to it being a scene of gay lovers.  At some point, you gotta let it go, and just let people have their opinions (as long as they are expressed respectfully and aren't obviously homophobic/racist/whatever).Personally, I thought the Renly/Loras scene was far more intimate than sexual.  In fact, I'm hard-pressed to recall a more intimate (while still being undeniably sexual in nature) scene in the entire series so far.  I really liked it, the only time I can recall reading about Renly in anything resembling privacy in the books was with Brienne right before he's murdered.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 17 May 2011 - 09:02 AM.
623	Caligula_K	2011-05-17	Loved this episode. Count me in as fans of all the new scenes, except for the Theon/Roz one. Sexposition scenes with prostitutes have beem going pretty lame, generally. I also agree that the tourney is way too small scale. Otherwise, fantastic stuff. Especially the scenes at the Eyrie... So much creepy! Can't wait for next week's episode, which has one of my favourite Tyrion scenes.
624	MMOWarrior	2011-05-17	Watching this episode play out I just can't help but think our Ned isn't the noble and honorable man everyone thinks.. Look at what he knows right now.. He suspects a Lannister had a hand in Brans fall and murder attempt.. He's starting to get that something is out of place with Robert's children.. He just heard his wife took Tyrion hostage.. and what is the first thing he does out of his sense of honor? Start a huge fight with Robert in front of the small council.. and as we know this trend continues with horrendous consequences..
Really? His honor is nothing but self serving.. it doesn't serve his family, his people, or the realm.. it serves nobody but himself.. Had he bit his tongue, bought some time he would have had a chance to turn the entire situation around.. He would have even been in a better position to deflect the murder he objected to and bring the truth of Robert's children to light.. but he let his "honor" get in the way of a honorable outcome.. I really wonder is it honorable to "always" do the honorable thing? or was he truly just serving his ego..
625	Lannister Fan	2011-05-17	This show seems to be fond of doggy style. Maybe Westeros hasn't discovered other positions yet.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
626	malek	2011-05-17	I'm not very happy with latest episode, and here is what bothered me:
1) Journey to Eyre and battle with mountain clans is about 35 seconds long, and I really felt robbed considering how much I expected of it.
2) Hand's Tourney came of so wain, and we've seen only two jousts, and very little interaction. I really expected we'll get to see few more knights, hear more about them, and definitely meet Lord Of The Lightning.
3) In my opinion connection between Renly and Loras should have been done lot more subtle, perhaps even just hinted at. 
4) Why is Renly made look so girlish and scared ? Couldn't stand sight of a blood ?! He wasn't like that in the books, certainly doesn't seem as someone who could get half of Westeroes to follow him into battle.
5) Lyssa Arryn and her son shouldn't been portrayed so deranged in my opinion. Again it should have been handled more subtle, make people guess on their own how screwed up these two are.
6) What gets me the most is - How the hell they dare to portray Ned and Jaime as equal at swordplay ?! Couldn't swallow it, nor I ever will.
.
.
.
I just hope that Martin wont try to change how the next few books will look like in consideration to the series.
P.S. Although he doesn't look nothing like him, and is 10-15 years older then described in the books Jerome Flynn is awesome in the role of pragmatic, black-hearted mercenary  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
627	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	But it was the exact same thing in the Tyrion scene, and it looks like you're saying you have no problems with that scene. Why is it different just because two gay men do the same? And how is showing sex, instead of just giving us the sounds, any less "shoving it down your throat"?well played sir, well played.
628	ser_nerdick	2011-05-17	It's like you give a starving man a sandwich and he goes: "What, no prosciutto?"Right, because we should all gush with neverending praise for the series simply because it is based on ASOIAF.As I said, I found the episode enjoyable overall, and thought it was the best one yet in the series. I still have my nitpicks though. Strangely enough Arya and the locked gate with the huge gaps between the bars bothered me the most.
629	Kalbear	2011-05-17	Right, because we should all gush with neverending praise for the series simply because it is based on ASOIAF.I think it's more that one should appreciate the awesome parts - both those from the book and those not because they're awesome, and quibble about the few bad parts less.
630	ser_nerdick	2011-05-17	I think it's more that one should appreciate the awesome parts - both those from the book and those not because they're awesome, and quibble about the few bad parts less.So as long as discussion is always more focused on the (subjectively) positive parts of the series, it is acceptable. Got it.
631	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	Right, because we should all gush with neverending praise for the series simply because it is based on ASOIAF.As I said, I found the episode enjoyable overall, and thought it was the best one yet in the series. I still have my nitpicks though. Strangely enough Arya and the locked gate with the huge gaps between the bars bothered me the most.People can say what they want but people are allowed to have opinions on that in return. I would also assume that poster is talking about people that very briefly say that they like it, only to then go on in more length about the bad parts. To me it sounds the most logical to spend more time talking about the bad parts if you found the episode to mainly be bad and everyone should be able to realize how they are coming off if they are mainly talking about the negatives. There have been plenty of posters claiming to like the show but who's posts would have made me not give the series a chance if I were to go by those.And just as the poster you quoted I'm not talking directly about you (I haven't looked up what you've written), I'm making a general point.
632	wolverine	2011-05-17	How come so many are bothered by a gay sex scene and almost no one by the extremely graphic violence?Especially the death of Jory... poor, poor Jory. I had to skip that part on the rewatch  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I would guess it has something to do with them being more comfortable with graphic violence then gay sex scenes.  I, for one, know I have seen way more graphic violence than gay sex.
633	Leo	2011-05-17	What the heck do those behind the show have against Barristan Selmy? He's not in any of the council meetings, he gets left off of scenes where he should be in... It's a nitpick, but still something I don't like.
I think they might be saving him, for when he meets dany. They might not want people to know who he is by sight.
634	Huan	2011-05-17	Umm, yes? He's suppose to look almost identical to his little sister.I think Loras and Margaery are supposed to look as alike as Cersei and Laime?
635	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	Well, we don't know what role they're going to give Lysa.   But in that, they're deliberately not giving away a central mystery of the first book.  Are you seriously equating that with talking about how good a fighter Ned is? Re: Varys. Actually there are entire monologues from Varys about how his main motivation is the good of the realm.  We really don't know yet what his motivations are. He may just believe that the Targs are what is good for the realm.If dragons are the real and powerfull weapon against The Others, then he definitaly wants Daenerys as head of the 7 kingdoms.I mean, the name of the series is A Song of Ice and Fire, not Game of Thrones. The prologue is so good because it shows you that the real story is about this impressive force gathering in the north while the kingdom falls to piece and is at its weakest point when the Others come.That is also the reason why I think the prologue was one of the worst scenes of the TV series. The Others just werent dangerous enough. In the book they mock and toy with an armed man and uterly destroy him, easily.I think Vaerys is the only guy who really knows what is going in the whole world and that knows the Others are really a threat.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 17 May 2011 - 11:25 AM.
636	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	Watching this episode play out I just can't help but think our Ned isn't the noble and honorable man everyone thinks.. Look at what he knows right now.. He suspects a Lannister had a hand in Brans fall and murder attempt.. He's starting to get that something is out of place with Robert's children.. He just heard his wife took Tyrion hostage.. and what is the first thing he does out of his sense of honor? Start a huge fight with Robert in front of the small council.. and as we know this trend continues with horrendous consequences..Really? His honor is nothing but self serving.. it doesn't serve his family, his people, or the realm.. it serves nobody but himself.. Had he bit his tongue, bought some time he would have had a chance to turn the entire situation around.. He would have even been in a better position to deflect the murder he objected to and bring the truth of Robert's children to light.. but he let his "honor" get in the way of a honorable outcome.. I really wonder is it honorable to "always" do the honorable thing? or was he truly just serving his ego..Book Ned is like that also. When he resigns as Hand his first thought is that he is finaly going back home. He never wanted to be Lord of Winterfell and after all the wars he just wanted to stay at home. He goes to KL because of Cat. I dont think he really cares about Jon Aryn and the only reason he stays in KL is because of Robert and the murder atempt on BranÂ´s life. He was always looking for a excuse to go home.Maybe his lack of motivation was what made him lose so bad. I think he was never really afraid for his life. Maybe he thought no one would kill a high lord. He also was a BAD, BAD player since he lacked motivation to WIN. He mainly made choices based on what he shouldnt do by honor, not what would help him WIN, meaning protect Robert and figure out the truth or punish those involved. I mean, he wanted Cersei to RUN AWAY and not be punished, even after she atempted to kill Robert, and in his mind, Bran. He was such a bad player that he thought Cersei, the other player, had already quit.Ned didnt want to win, he just didnt want to break the rules/break honor. That is why he lost. He wasnt really playing, he was just bleeding chips.Reading Tyrion play in Clash of Kings is the oposite of Ned did.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 17 May 2011 - 11:22 AM.
637	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	I suppose it goes without saying that the boob Young Lord Robert was suckling on was a fake, right? Most assuredly wasn't the actress' boob. Which of course is why they were able to get away with having the scene in there.I'm hoping the show grows on me on second viewing. I've been letting my kids watch the show, while editing out the R rated stuff. Unfortunately there's too much R rated stuff in this show for them to see it.YouÂ´re crazy in letting them see this show. I still have moral and mental scars from reading the books and my kids wont touch it before they are 16.I was about 20 when I readed it and it still shocked me quite a bit.
638	DurararaFTW	2011-05-17	Really? His honor is nothing but self serving.. it doesn't serve his family, his people, or the realm.. it serves nobody but himself..It didn't really serve Ned in any respect either. Ned's honour is ned's honour, it's an obstactle to everyone including him.
639	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-17	Reading Tyrion play in Clash of Kings is the oposite of Ned did.And that worked out great for Tyrion, didn't it?  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Though he did escape with his life, that was more a function of having a powerful ally (not ally, really, but caring sibling) that wasn't dead (Jaime).
640	Upjumped	2011-05-17	This is something I don't recall thinking much about when I read the books, but why was the Small Council so focused on killing Dany and her unborn son, rather than Viserys?  Isn't Viserys the actual heir to the Throne?  Someone who has existed across the Narrow Sea for years? (although yes, I guess I recall that he was supposed to have also been the focus of assassination attempts during those years).  It seems like he is treated as an afterthought.   Is it the fact that Dany's son would unite the Targaryen cause with the Dothraki cause in a way that that poses a greater threat?  I mean, as readers, *we* know that Dany is the greater threat, but the small council shouldn't know that (unless Mormont told them otherwise).
641	Valmy	2011-05-17	Yeah it was only by lucky chance...like incredibly unlikely lucky chance...Tyrion was not killed at that Battle of the Blackwater.
And even then he ended up right where Ned was: in the black cells for treason.  Just this time Varys decided to act.
642	Huan	2011-05-17	This is something I don't recall thinking much about when I read the books, but why was the Small Council so focused on killing Dany and her unborn son, rather than Viserys?  Isn't Viserys the actual heir to the Throne?  Someone who has existed across the Narrow Sea for years? (although yes, I guess I recall that he was supposed to have also been the focus of assassination attempts during those years).  It seems like he is treated as an afterthought.   Is it the fact that Dany's son would unite the Targaryen cause with the Dothraki cause in a way that that poses a greater threat?  I mean, as readers, *we* know that Dany is the greater threat, but the small council shouldn't know that (unless Mormont told them otherwise).I think you're right that they viewed the son as a bigger threat because the Dothraki's loyalty would be to the Khal's son, and not his brother-in-law. Mormont's report could also have indicated Viserys' low status with the Dothraki.
643	Sad King Billy	2011-05-17	This is something I don't recall thinking much about when I read the books, but why was the Small Council so focused on killing Dany and her unborn son, rather than Viserys?  Isn't Viserys the actual heir to the Throne?  Someone who has existed across the Narrow Sea for years? (although yes, I guess I recall that he was supposed to have also been the focus of assassination attempts during those years).  It seems like he is treated as an afterthought.   Is it the fact that Dany's son would unite the Targaryen cause with the Dothraki cause in a way that that poses a greater threat?  I mean, as readers, *we* know that Dany is the greater threat, but the small council shouldn't know that (unless Mormont told them otherwise).I think they don't consider Vyseris a threat. Not really, anyway. Robert at one point says "that fool Viserys" or something along those lines. The concern is more, I believe, that a son born of the greatest Khal, and with a direct claim to the Iron Throne could become a formidable enemy indeed. Also, if ser Slavery is any good at all, he'll have informed Varys of Vyseris's "leadership capabilities".
644	Manakhkubar	2011-05-17	I think you're right that they viewed the son as a bigger threat because the Dothraki's loyalty would be to the Khal's son, and not his brother-in-law. Mormont's report could also have indicated Viserys' low status with the Dothraki.Yes, but ... As long as Visy lives, Dany or her virtual sons have no "right" on a throne. But obviously nobody in the Small Council cared much for such details, I mean, who would? Renly? GM Pycell? Laurel and Hardy?
645	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-05-17	I would guess it has something to do with them being more comfortable with graphic violence then gay sex scenes.  I, for one, know I have seen way more graphic violence than gay sex.I think the issue is that the sex scenes seem gratuitious, whereas the violence is more integral to the plot.  Obviously, some of the sex is necessary to the plot.  Jaime/Cersei, maybe a bit of Tyrion and whores.  But do we really need to see naked whores in every episode?  My wife likes the series otherwise, but she's getting a bit tired of that aspect of it.  And she's far from a prude.But as well done as the rest of the series is, I worry that they're going to turn off some viewers with the slurpee gay sex and constant hetero whore scenes.  And since the continuation of the series is dependent upon viewership, that worries me.
646	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-05-17	I think they don't consider Vyseris a threat. Not really, anyway. Robert at one point says "that fool Viserys" or something along those lines. The concern is more, I believe, that a son born of the greatest Khal, and with a direct claim to the Iron Throne could become a formidable enemy indeed. Also, if ser Slavery is any good at all, he'll have informed Varys of Vyseris's "leadership capabilities".I think the logic that Daenys' son could become a more formiddable enemy is pretty sound, but that hardly seems to be an urgent problem.  How long before such a child could be even a legitimate figurehead for an invasion.  15 years, maybe?
647	legba11	2011-05-17	This is something I don't recall thinking much about when I read the books, but why was the Small Council so focused on killing Dany and her unborn son, rather than Viserys?  Isn't Viserys the actual heir to the Throne?  Someone who has existed across the Narrow Sea for years? (although yes, I guess I recall that he was supposed to have also been the focus of assassination attempts during those years).  It seems like he is treated as an afterthought.   Is it the fact that Dany's son would unite the Targaryen cause with the Dothraki cause in a way that that poses a greater threat?  I mean, as readers, *we* know that Dany is the greater threat, but the small council shouldn't know that (unless Mormont told them otherwise).Yes, I've said it before.  Robert does not worry about Viserys.  It's very clear, the assumption is that Varys is informing him that he is no threat.  Ilryio (wow, I cannot spell any names) and Mormont have both told Viserys he is not fit to ride with the Dothraki.  They both know he is worthless (and likely soon to be killed).  Why would they not include this in their reports?What I have trouble putting together is Ilryio's role is in all this.  He is working with Varys to put Targaryans back on the throne, yet he informing Robert of this, giving him motivation to kill Dany. Is he confident that the assassin will fail?  Over and over again?
648	Valmy	2011-05-17	What I have trouble putting together is Ilryio's role is in all this.  He is working with Varys to put Targaryans back on the throne, yet he informing Robert of this, giving him motivation to kill Dany. Is he confident that the assassin will fail?  Over and over again?Maybe that is what Mormont's orders are from Varys.  To thwart the assassination but let it happen to anger the Dothraki enough to get them to attack?
649	Summer	2011-05-17	HighsArya chasing cats and the dragon skulls.  My guy literally sat upright and said, "are those dragon skulls!?"  He looked like a little kid.  I must have been tripping. I didn't see the skulls...
650	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	I think the issue is that the sex scenes seem gratuitious, whereas the violence is more integral to the plot.  Obviously, some of the sex is necessary to the plot.  Jaime/Cersei, maybe a bit of Tyrion and whores.  But do we really need to see naked whores in every episode?  My wife likes the series otherwise, but she's getting a bit tired of that aspect of it.  And she's far from a prude.But as well done as the rest of the series is, I worry that they're going to turn off some viewers with the slurpee gay sex and constant hetero whore scenes.  And since the continuation of the series is dependent upon viewership, that worries me.This show is not nearly as gratuitous with it's sex scenes as True Blood, and that's currently the biggest show on HBO.And no, we don't need to see naked whores. We don't need to see people's throats being slashed open, someone's face caved in etc either though. Both do set the mood of the world though and I know which of the two things I'd prefer to see over the other in real life.
651	evanesco75	2011-05-17	Valmy, I love your avatar.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> This was my favourite episode thus far. Much to love, hardly any nitpicking (well, except for Renly being such a reluctant claimant and a general wuss). The Jaime/Ned fight was brilliant, as was the Hound vs. the Mountain. I for one am loving Rory McCann's take on Sandor. He's formidable indeed. I also loved Tyrion, as ever. PD is becoming better with each episode. I confess to having him at the top of my fave list and though I always liked Tyrion in the books, PD is making him even more likeable for me. Same case with KH: Jon is my least favourite, yet I found myself appreciating his scenes last week! Despite the heavy-handedness, I also enjoyed Varys and LF. Varys owned the scene, imo. Excellent mix of disdain and sarcasm there. Lysa and Sweetrobin=creepiness! Shudder. As squicky and sad as in the books. Sky cells=win. Just what I'd imagined. The hubby's in a tizzy right now, fretting over Ned. Sigh. He keeps asking, 'how long will it take Ned to heal? Will he be missing in the next episode?' I can't very well tell him he'll be missing from the show altogether soon, can I?  /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> Oh, yes! Cersei and Robert was a perfect scene, well written and acted and very authentic. Almost like a missing moment, really. I love the way the showrunners are able to capture the tonality of the books so well in 'new' scenes. Shows they're invested. Cersei gave Robert one last chance, and he botched it. You can see Headey's expression go from  vulnerable to steely right there; wonderful stuff. I liked Loras's casting, overall. I liked the manipulative side to him: shades of Olenna? And the scene between him and Renly was very well done overall (barring Renly's whining. I always found him confident and well adjusted in the books). I like how they're sowing the seeds for S2 and Clash, with Theon and now Renly.
652	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	I must have been tripping. I didn't see the skulls...for real? it's tooth was larger than Arya was.
653	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	I must have been tripping. I didn't see the skulls...There was only one, but it was very much in focus. Arya hides inside it when Varys and Illyrio walk by.
654	theMountainGoat	2011-05-17	The first half of the episode was great, second half felt like the worst part of the season so far to me. Slow paced and full of scenes we could have done without or could have been a whole lot shorter allowing more time for better things like showing more of the pageantry of the tourney for example.
The Cersei/Robert scene was like fingers scratching slowly down a blackboard in my mind. I loathed and detested every fucking second of it. The very idea that these two characters who hate and despise each other would sit down and have an honest, deep, calm, rational, human and adult conversation about the truth of their marriage just reeked of total bullshit to me.
That's not merely a book verses TV opinion, it is clear from previous scenes and presumably future scenes too from every episode of the TV show itself that these characters would never be capable of having that conversation. They argue heatedly, they fight, there's physical abuse, she aborts and kills his children! Some have suggested that it would not be impossible for them to have done this at some point in their 17 year history but I categorically disagree with that opinion. It is out of character for them in the context of the TV show as well as the book. Near the beginning of this episode Robert is saying how Cersei was forced on him by Jon Arryn and as we know Cersei is plotting to have Robert killed.
It just does not make logical sense for them to sit down and have a heart to heart about how much they hate each other. They might has well have hugged it out afterward because that would not have been any more out of character than what was said.
Yes the scene was well acted and I can appreciate some people loved it, but it totally, utterly and completely failed for me.
It is a similar story with the LF/Varys scene. Yes seeing these two characters together is great. Having them reveal far too much about who saw what and who knows what was just wrong and out of character for two master manipulators. Yes its TV and you have to hit the viewer over the head with this stuff to get them to understand what's going on but this is another example of saying too much, making your motives too clear to your enemies. They did the same with Cersei/Ned last week. Surely the only logical conclusion that Varys or Littlefinger could draw from their pissing contest is that they should kill the other ASAP. Having these opinions of the other is one thing but to actually voice them and make direct accusations and reveal your hand like that, no, no, no.
I'm also starting to see the complaints about Renly. Having Loras plant the idea that he should be king just felt oh so wrong to me. Book Renly would know that he ought to be king because he is simply the best man for the job. No questions, no doubts. TV Renly needs to be lead to that conclusion because he does not have the charisma and arrogance he should have. This isn't an actor's performance issue, clearly a change of direction by the writers. In this context it will actually feel out of character for Renly to suggest to Eddard that they gather their swords and strike now while Robert is on his deathbed before it is too late. TV Renly doesn't seem savvy enough to grasp something like that, or are they going to have Loras point this out to him too?
But there was some great stuff that I enjoyed:
Gregor decapitating his horse - really did not think they would go there or that it would be as graphic as it was. Major props for pulling that off so convincingly.
The sky cell was totally awesome, Tyrion looking down was perfect. Just a pity the establishing shot of The Eyrie when they were riding up to it before did not match it. The castle was clearly not high enough up to be a mountain from where you can look down and see clouds beneath you. It barely qualified as a tall hill really.
Good to see the change to the opening titles to include The Eyrie but since The Wall and Vaes Dothrak were not in this episode it would have made far more sense to instead have the Crossroads Inn pop up and show the road east to The Eyrie. Would have done a lot to help non-bookwalkers who have not looked at the HBO online guide to appreciate the geography of the area.
Loved the scene where Bran was talking about his mother being away from home. Loved the Mountain Clan attack on Catelyn and Tyrion. Bronn kicked ass, great performance by Jerome Flynn. Lysa and Robin were definitely creepy. Definitely a good choice to make that our first impression of those characters. Loved Arya hiding inside the dragon skull to avoid being seen, another good choice, though I think it would have played better to not directly show the two people she overheard. Would be nice to keep some mystery to the TV show after all. TV viewers like that sort of thing as much as book readers ya know.
I also really liked the final fight at the end of the episode. I was shouting for Jory during that wishing he would somehow survive this time. It was pretty obvious that they were going to change it to have Jaime and Eddard cross swords and I think it really worked brilliantly here. Good payoff for all the build up so far.
Yes I'm ending this post on something they did different to the book that actually worked making it explicitly clear that my opinion is not derived solely from "OMG they did not do it like the book, sacrilege!" And I'm going to belabour the point with some extra words added here, more pointless filler to really drive this home, just like a TV show would stating and reinforcing the same point again and again in a horribly unambiguous attempt at subtlety.
655	Morrigan	2011-05-17	Why should the viewer have to "figure it out" when we don't have to figure out waaaaaay more scandalous sexual relationships like Jaime and Cersei. Cause it was like that in the books? ONLY because they weren't POV characters and weren't caught by Bran.Er, and the fact that it makes the 3 royal children bastards and ineligible to the throne, maybe? The Cersei/Jaime sexual relationship is FAR more plot-relevant than the Renly/Loras one. I'm glad there's no stupid mystery for people to figure out and be like OHH HELL NO THEY ARE TEH GAY. That shouldn't be a mystery in our society. This isn't "our society", it's Westeros, but anyway, I don't think anyone has a real problem in showing it all out in the open, nor the fact that there was a sex scene (as you said, it's pretty tame), but rather with how it was handled. Personally, when we saw Loras give Sansa the rose and then exchange a look with Renly, my boyfriend and I laughed in delight. "Nice nod to the fans there!", I thought. Renly and Loras's relationship is only apparent starting from season 2, so I thought they were just "planting the seeds", so to speak. When we got the shaving scene later we were all "whoa, so soon...? heh, okay then". I thought it would have been better to be subtle the way GRRM was; not make it a "mystery" so much as dropping hints for the non-readers so that when it becomes obvious they go "ah-ha! I knew it!" or "figures!". You know, a nice pay-off for those who pay attention.  But, that's just how I would have done it, myself, it's not a big deal.As I said before, I would have also liked to not "find out" about the relationship right away in such a blatant way, but rather have hints at the beginning, like it happens in the books. That's just my personal preference though and it doesn't reduce my appreciation for that episode or for the series itself.This.
656	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-17	I also loved that fight scene, way more than I expected to actually. That's exactly how I imagined Ned's level of skill too... he was very good but Jamie was better and would have won I think. Ned has a lot of power but Jamie is faster and more adept. That's my take on it anyway, sword fights aren't usually my thing so god knows if I read that scene correctly.I'm not sure why some people believe that Jaime looked so much better (in the books he's supposed to be a better swordsman, IIRC, but in the TV series they were both presented as highly skilled swordsmen). There was nothing onscreen which suggested to me that Jaime was clearly superior to Ned. They appeared roughly equal in terms of power, speed and technique.Jamie looked self-confident and even said that he was going to cut Ned open from "balls to brain", but a display of self-confidence or  cockiness shouldn't necessarily be confused with superior skills. Jamie probably tried to get a mental edge over Ned, because he knew that Ned was a skilled swordsman (as indicated in the first episode, when he confronts Ned verbally at the feast). When Jamie smiles after their first exchange of blows, it's as if he wants to say "Aha, you're better than I thought!" or perhaps "Aha, the rumours are indeed true!". It could also suggest that his self-confidence had taken a battering, and that he tried to mask it by smiling and pretending that he was as confident as ever. But it's interesting to note that it was the first and only time Jaime smiled during the fight, and he didn't appear to hold anything back.It's reasonable to assume, though, that Jamie had more stamina than Ned, given his younger age. Prolonged swordfights like this can be very fatiguing. So if the fight had lasted much longer, it would probably had been to Jamie's advantage. But in even fights like this, there's an element of luck involved as well, so it's hard to say for sure what the outcome would've been. In any case, it's hard to imagine Ned leaving that place without a scratch. I'm not sure the Lannister guards would've stood there watching if Ned had gotten the upper hand and was about to kill Jamie (I'm not even sure if Ned would've tried to kill Jamie under those circumstances, he probably wouldn't given his honorable nature).Here's my breakdown of the fight:Ned starts the fight with Jamie, after taking out four Lannister guards and seeing Jory being killed by JamieJamie counterattacks but misses, and Ned hits him in the ribs with his left fistSome close-range exchanges ensues, but there's no grappling, throwing or wrestling involvedClose-range fighting breaks up. Jamie smiles.Jamie goes on the offensive, but Ned counters and pushes Jamie backNed continues to push hard, but Jamie parries or dodges Ned's blowsJamie is given a window of opportunity after deflecting one of Ned's cuts, but Ned retreats and avoids the blowNed starts another fierce counterattack, pushing Jamie backNed and Jamie stand close together and push against the clinch, with their blades locked, but none of them will budgeThey get out of the clinch and prepare for another encounter.Ned is stabbed in the leg from behind by a Lannister soldier (I wonder what that soldier must have been thinking). Fight ends.EDIT: Fixed formatting issues. 
					
					
							Edited by DaenerysTargaryen, 17 May 2011 - 12:39 PM.
657	Jon Lannister	2011-05-17	Boobs asside.. Whats the deal with Renly.I don't remember him being a foppy douche...Gay yes, but not a foppy douche..I totally agree
658	Morrigan	2011-05-17	The Cersei/Robert scene was like fingers scratching slowly down a blackboard in my mind. I loathed and detested every fucking second of it. The very idea that these two characters who hate and despise each other would sit down and have an honest, deep, calm, rational, human and adult conversation about the truth of their marriage just reeked of total bullshit to me.That's not merely a book verses TV opinion, it is clear from previous scenes and presumably future scenes too from every episode of the TV show itself that these characters would never be capable of having that conversation. They argue heatedly, they fight, there's physical abuse, she aborts and kills his children! Some have suggested that it would not be impossible for them to have done this at some point in their 17 year history but I categorically disagree with that opinion. It is out of character for them in the context of the TV show as well as the book. Near the beginning of this episode Robert is saying how Cersei was forced on him by Jon Arryn and as we know Cersei is plotting to have Robert killed.This is how I felt when Cersei spoke to Catelyn about her dead baby. It was all wrong, completely out of character, completely against the Cersei written by GRRM, etc etc.But I disagree with this post. I still haven't quite come to terms with the fact that the TV Cersei is a very different character (more sympathetic, more "nuanced") than the book Cersei, but the Robert/Cersei conversation was perfectly consistent with the way they portrayed TV Cersei so far. Yes, she hates Robert, and yes they probably spent the last 17 years avoiding each others as much as possible, but 17 years is a long-ass time to be living together, there is bound to be at least one instance of them trying to actually have a conversation, and this conversation would probably go the way they showed it, considering Cersei is plotting Robert's murder; she's basically giving him one last chance, asking him if there was ever any way it could have worked somehow, and the answer she gives her is ample fuel to further her decision to have him killed.It's entirely inconsistent with the book Cersei, the one who aborted Robert's child, the one who only ever loved Jaime (and possibly Rhaegar though that was probably just a crush) and hated Robert the moment she learned he had killed Rhaegar, and whose hate turned into obsessive disgusted loathing the moment he called her Lyanna while in bed on their marriage night, the one who'd swallow Robert's sperm imagining they were his "princes" and that she was committing genocide on them, the one who tells Tyrion that the boar that killed Robert "tasted of triumph". But it's not inconsistent with the TV Cersei who "might have loved Robert, once, briefly", who apparently had a child from him and was "distraught" (D&D's words from that interview) at losing him.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 17 May 2011 - 12:37 PM.
659	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-05-17	This show is not nearly as gratuitous with it's sex scenes as True Blood, and that's currently the biggest show on HBO.What do you think the audience for that show expects, though?  I mean, the whole hot sex thing is sort of inextricably entwined with the current vampire fetish.  Heck, here's the HBO promotional poster for True Blood.  Take the gratuiutous sex out of True Blood, and you don't have much of a show.  Or to put it better, I doubt that many who tuned in for True Blood were going to be put off by the sex.http://en.wikipedia....lood_on_HBO.jpgAnd no, we don't need to see naked whores. We don't need to see people's throats being slashed open, someone's face caved in etc either though. Both do set the mood of the world though and I know which of the two things I'd prefer to see over the other in real life.Yeah, but you'd be watching it anyway, wouldn't you?  Look, I personally don't care.  I'm just saying that gratuitous sex scenes are not a part of the show's core appeal, and may alienate some viewers.  I know of two couples who stopped watching it because of those scenes.  I understand that it doesn't alienate you, but since our continued enjoyment of the show is dependent upon the opinions of other people -- in the form of ratings -- I just hope this doesn't backfire.And just to be clear, I'd be thrilled to be proven wrong.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 17 May 2011 - 12:43 PM.
660	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-17	They're still utilizing 55+ minutes for every episode so it's not much of a change compared to the pilot, imo.Regarding book vs episode length... The entire Lord of the Rings trilogy was 558 minutes (the extended version was 683 minutes) and that covered an amount of text that's roughly double the length of AGoT. Now the entire 10-episode series of Game of Thrones will end up being around 542 minutes combined (with the opening and end credits removed).So compared to LotR, which ended up being very well done, Game of Thrones actually has much more breathing room and less pressure to condense and cut things out from the book.I think D&D have a tougher job than Peter Jackson, though.  So much of GRRM's writing is dialogue, action, or exposition.  Yes, he does describe settings in vivid detail, but nowhere near as much as Tolkien.  A lot of LOTR as written was descriptive prose, which doesn't need any added screen time.  Plus there were a lot of cultural elements Tolkien used to flesh out Middle Earth that could be eliminated or skimped on in the movies.A Song of Ice and Fire involves different people groups with different histories that lead to different motivations.  The cultural elements that added richness and flavor in LOTR were, in some ways, secondary considerations in telling the story (for example, the scenes in Rivendell with all the singing and poetry).  However, those same elements are significant factors in GoT because they affect how the characters interact with each other and why they do the things they do.Anyway, all that to say despite the page number difference, LOTR and GoT are probably pretty comparable when it comes to written content that needs to be included on screen in order to tell the story adequately.
661	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	Yeah, but you'd be watching it anyway, wouldn't you?  Look, I personally don't care.  I'm just saying that gratuitous sex scenes are not a part of the show's core appeal, and may alienate some viewers.  I know of two couples who stopped watching it because of those scenes.  I understand that it doesn't alienate you, but since our continued enjoyment of the show is dependent upon the opinions of other people -- in the form of ratings -- I just hope this doesn't backfire.And just to be clear, I'd be thrilled to be proven wrong.It's impossible to make a show that appeals to everyone. While you might know a couple of couples who were turned off by the sex scenes, this is an HBO show and it is expected, not to mention that the books are chock full of them. Perhaps those couples just weren't given a proper debriefing to what the show would likely entail.
662	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-17	I suspect that Teon has always been a giant douche /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  we jsut never saw it much in the first book because the winterfell views we had were Eddard and Catelyn, where Theon would have been on his best behavior, and Bran, who isn't going to be hanging out with Theon much.And I think it was pretty clear from GRRM's description of him in GoT that he tended toward douchiness - smiling all the time even at the most grim events, kicking a severed head, boasting about his prowess with the ladies, etc.If anything, I don't know that they're making him enough of a smart ass, but I think that's because of the way they're introducing us to his backstory.  In the books, we got that through inner monologue of the Starks.  In the shows, we're learning it through conversations with him, where it's clear that despite his sarcastic demeanor, he has a giant chip on his shoulder.  GRRM didn't write about that chip until CoK.
663	WordOf	2011-05-17	Added to that, while i won't call Tolkien's characters simple, they were easier to describe than GRRM's. They had cleaner cuts, more obvious allegiances with far fewer active factions in the world. Add to that the complex relationships between them when several meet, and it's a nightmare to show it with a degree of accuracy without alienating nonBookwalker audience.
I'd definitely call Song harder to put into video format than LotR.
664	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-17	The Cersei/Robert scene was like fingers scratching slowly down a blackboard in my mind. I loathed and detested every fucking second of it. The very idea that these two characters who hate and despise each other would sit down and have an honest, deep, calm, rational, human and adult conversation about the truth of their marriage just reeked of total bullshit to me.Do they really hate and despise each other so much that they can't even speak calmly to one another?  I always got the sense that they hated their situation, but that their dislike for each other was borne out of having to spend their lives united with somebody who wasnÂ<U+0092>t their choice, not because of direct hatred for the other person.  Each of them also had outlets for their frustration (Cersei Â<U+0096> Jaime and the kids; Robert- whoring and hunting), which allowed them to be publicly civil, if not warm.  Cersei is cunning and clever Â<U+0096> certainly she could pull it off, even if she had to act the entire time.  Robert was a hothead, but he was respected enough to be a leader of men, and had moments of calm, rational thought.  ItÂ<U+0092>s far from impossible that two people in that situation could sit down and have a frank discussion.
665	WhiteHaven	2011-05-17	I totally loved the scene where Jory was having his last looks at some nice titties.
Meh, screw you Jamie. Couldn't you let him have some fun before you kill him?
					
					
							Edited by WhiteHaven, 17 May 2011 - 01:30 PM.
666	Xenophon	2011-05-17	The Cersei/Robert scene was like fingers scratching slowly down a blackboard in my mind. I loathed and detested every fucking second of it. The very idea that these two characters who hate and despise each other would sit down and have an honest, deep, calm, rational, human and adult conversation about the truth of their marriage just reeked of total bullshit to me.That's not merely a book verses TV opinion, it is clear from previous scenes and presumably future scenes too from every episode of the TV show itself that these characters would never be capable of having that conversation. They argue heatedly, they fight, there's physical abuse, she aborts and kills his children! Some have suggested that it would not be impossible for them to have done this at some point in their 17 year history but I categorically disagree with that opinion. It is out of character for them in the context of the TV show as well as the book. Near the beginning of this episode Robert is saying how Cersei was forced on him by Jon Arryn and as we know Cersei is plotting to have Robert killed.Is there any evidence of this at all in the TV show?  You seem to be thoroughly mixing the books and the show up, IMO.  IIRC, this is the first scene of Robert and Cersei's private interactions that we've seen, yet you're somehow already convinced that it's out of character.
667	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-05-17	Do they really hate and despise each other so much that they can't even speak calmly to one another?  I always got the sense that they hated their situation, but that their dislike for each other was borne out of having to spend their lives united with somebody who wasnÂ<U+0092>t their choice, not because of direct hatred for the other person.  Each of them also had outlets for their frustration (Cersei Â<U+0096> Jaime and the kids; Robert- whoring and hunting), which allowed them to be publicly civil, if not warm.  Cersei is cunning and clever Â<U+0096> certainly she could pull it off, even if she had to act the entire time.  Robert was a hothead, but he was respected enough to be a leader of men, and had moments of calm, rational thought.  ItÂ<U+0092>s far from impossible that two people in that situation could sit down and have a frank discussion.The problem is that there really wasn't any other dramatically effective way to get to the core of what the problem was, which was Lyanna dying.  It would have taken both characters talking to some third party, etc.. And there was a point, according to Cersei, where she felt something for Robert, and then he called her "Lyanna" in bed and that was it.  Even if the scene was a bit of an anomoly from the book, I think it did a very good job of conveying the depth of the problem in their marriage.  That last "no" from Robert just told you a lot about both characters.  It explained some of his self-destructive behaviors, because I could see some people wondering how a buffoon like him became King at all.  And then it also told you what it was like for Cersei for all those years.
668	End of Disc One	2011-05-17	Ratings hit season high: http://insidetv.ew.c...-ratings-climb/
669	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-05-17	Ratings hit season high: http://insidetv.ew.c...-ratings-climb/I'm wrong!  I'm wrong!  Yippeeeee!
670	smegma	2011-05-17	Er, and the fact that it makes the 3 royal children bastards and ineligible to the throne, maybe? The Cersei/Jaime sexual relationship is FAR more plot-relevant than the Renly/Loras one.This isn't "our society", it's Westeros, but anyway, I don't think anyone has a real problem in showing it all out in the open, nor the fact that there was a sex scene (as you said, it's pretty tame), but rather with how it was handled. Personally, when we saw Loras give Sansa the rose and then exchange a look with Renly, my boyfriend and I laughed in delight. "Nice nod to the fans there!", I thought. Renly and Loras's relationship is only apparent starting from season 2, so I thought they were just "planting the seeds", so to speak. When we got the shaving scene later we were all "whoa, so soon...? heh, okay then". I thought it would have been better to be subtle the way GRRM was; not make it a "mystery" so much as dropping hints for the non-readers so that when it becomes obvious they go "ah-ha! I knew it!" or "figures!". You know, a nice pay-off for those who pay attention.  But, that's just how I would have done it, myself, it's not a big deal.Renly and Loras having a relationship is a big deal - no, it's not as central to the plot as Cersei and Jaime, but it is a key aspect to that branch of the story. I didn't want the show to pussyfoot around it. And it is OUR society that I was referring to - the viewer needing to "figure out" that some characters were gay, not the in Westeros characters. I don't think the viewers (US) should find it some big mystery that these characters were in a relationship - they should just BE. My point being is that there's no benefit to keeping it from the viewer, other than some convoluted sense of figuring things out (when there's already way more shit for the new viewer to ponder). And no, I didn't want subtle, I wanted to see things on the show that I can't get in the books. I want to see Renly and Loras together, or Varys and Littlefinger, or Cersei and Robert. This for me is the best part of the show - seeing these characters do things we know they did but never had an eye on because of the POVs.
671	End of Disc One	2011-05-17	I'm wrong!  I'm wrong!  Yippeeeee!You and me both.  I've been expecting ratings to drop since it's been relatively slow and not exactly friendly to casual viewers.  Now that the pace is picked up, I expect ratings to take off.
672	Songstress	2011-05-17	I totally loved the scene where Jory was having his last looks at some nice titties.Meh, screw you Jamie. Couldn't you let him have some fun before you kill him?On my second watch of the episode, during that scene I was thinking "Aww, poor Jory... getting one last eyeful, before he goes out and Jaime gives him an eyeful of an entirely different sort."
673	Xenophon	2011-05-17	And it is OUR society that I was referring to - the viewer needing to "figure out" that some characters were gay, not the in Westeros characters. I don't think the viewers (US) should find it some big mystery that these characters were in a relationship - they should just BE. My point being is that there's no benefit to keeping it from the viewer, other than some convoluted sense of figuring things out (when there's already way more shit for the new viewer to ponder). Agreed, and talk about the unfortunate implications if the great mysteries of the show were 1) Who murdered Jon Arryn, 2) Who tried to murder Bran, 3) Are Cersei's children the product of incest, and 4) Are Renly and Loras gay?  One of these things is not like the other...
674	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-17	It is a similar story with the LF/Varys scene. Yes seeing these two characters together is great. Having them reveal far too much about who saw what and who knows what was just wrong and out of character for two master manipulators. Yes its TV and you have to hit the viewer over the head with this stuff to get them to understand what's going on but this is another example of saying too much, making your motives too clear to your enemies. They did the same with Cersei/Ned last week. Surely the only logical conclusion that Varys or Littlefinger could draw from their pissing contest is that they should kill the other ASAP. Having these opinions of the other is one thing but to actually voice them and make direct accusations and reveal your hand like that, no, no, no.I agree with you here, I thought this was a fun scene to watch, and it was well acted, but the only purpose it served was to satisfy our desires to see a spy-off.  I will say though, whose to say that these are LF and Varys' best kept secrets?  Maybe these are considered low-hanging fruits that they can use to jab each other with, but LF was the first to stumble with his mention of Ilyrio, obviously not a low-hanging fruit.  I could totally buy that they were trying to maneuver each other in this scene, but I also feel they would in reality be much less talkative to each other.I'm also starting to see the complaints about Renly. Having Loras plant the idea that he should be king just felt oh so wrong to me. Book Renly would know that he ought to be king because he is simply the best man for the job. No questions, no doubts. TV Renly needs to be lead to that conclusion because he does not have the charisma and arrogance he should have. This isn't an actor's performance issue, clearly a change of direction by the writers. In this context it will actually feel out of character for Renly to suggest to Eddard that they gather their swords and strike now while Robert is on his deathbed before it is too late. TV Renly doesn't seem savvy enough to grasp something like that, or are they going to have Loras point this out to him too?I don't have a problem with this.  In the books, Renly clearly says that Ned should act now to secure his regency, not so they can remove the Lannisters and their incestuous offspring from power.  In fact, it is not very clear that Renly knows about the twincest or not.  I always wondered why Renly would so readily act to take the throne for himself over his brother, and I find the argument that it was just because he was too arrogant to be a little far-fetched.  I like Loras pushing him, and I think it makes total sense.  I don't think this makes Renly less politically savvy, it just makes him less ready to forsake his older brother.The sky cell was totally awesome, Tyrion looking down was perfect. Just a pity the establishing shot of The Eyrie when they were riding up to it before did not match it. The castle was clearly not high enough up to be a mountain from where you can look down and see clouds beneath you. It barely qualified as a tall hill really.I actually thought the Eyrie looked a little ridiculously over-the-top.  I also felt that way about the book's description.  Perhaps it was an issue of depth perception, because when I watched I got the impression the castle was still a very long way off, and as such was very high up and large for how far away it was.Also, I don't know what your definition of "hill" is, but that was anything but a hill.  Even a tall one.I also really liked the final fight at the end of the episode. I was shouting for Jory during that wishing he would somehow survive this time. It was pretty obvious that they were going to change it to have Jaime and Eddard cross swords and I think it really worked brilliantly here. Good payoff for all the build up so far.Count me as another who liked this change.  I really liked the book scene, but I think this plays much better on TV, and it has just as much emotional impact (if not more, because they have really played up Jory to this point).  I personally don't think Ned has been 'powered up' as much as many people suggest, the books just don't say enough on the matter to know one way or the other.  As has been pointed out, it is entirely within the realm of possibility that Ned could more than hold his own (even 'book' Ned and 'book' Jaime) for the length of their fight.  I'm a K-State fan, and we have beat the powerhouse Texas Longhorns the last three times we've played them in football (two of those times they were a top 10 team).  KSU is not even close to the same level of talented as the Texas football team, and yet they still won.  Even if Jaime is far and above Ned's skill level, he still has to win the fight.  He isn't just declared the winner because of the "stats" (to carry an analogy too far).As for the argument put forth by some that Ned would be out of practice and is just a tired old politician, I laugh at that.  So Ned couldn't possibly be practicing and training the intervening years he was in Winterfell?  Just because Robert let himself go doesn't mean that Ned did as well.I also strongly disagree with your take on the Cersei/Robert scene, but enough other people have attacked you for it and voiced pretty much my thoughts that I don't think it is necessary for me to do so.And, sorry, don't mean to pick on you or anything, I just found your post to be a useful foil to organize my own thoughts.
675	Abaddon	2011-05-17	Ratings hit season high: http://insidetv.ew.c...-ratings-climb/Gotta love this line:Intensely serialized shows like Thrones rarely climb like this, and when they do they tend to become titles that have healthy lifespans.
676	Abaddon	2011-05-17	On my second watch of the episode, during that scene I was thinking "Aww, poor Jory... getting one last eyeful, before he goes out and Jaime gives him an eyeful of an entirely different sort."On my second watch, I noticed Jory's one eye that we can see staring at Jaime and moving slightly while the other eye has the dagger shoved into it and Jaime holds him there.  WOW.  Totally riveting and it made my skin crawl.
677	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-17	The first half of the episode was great, second half felt like the worst part of the season so far to me. Slow paced and full of scenes we could have done without or could have been a whole lot shorter allowing more time for better things like showing more of the pageantry of the tourney for example.The Cersei/Robert scene was like fingers scratching slowly down a blackboard in my mind. I loathed and detested every fucking second of it. The very idea that these two characters who hate and despise each other would sit down and have an honest, deep, calm, rational, human and adult conversation about the truth of their marriage just reeked of total bullshit to me.That's not merely a book verses TV opinion, it is clear from previous scenes and presumably future scenes too from every episode of the TV show itself that these characters would never be capable of having that conversation. They argue heatedly, they fight, there's physical abuse, she aborts and kills his children! Some have suggested that it would not be impossible for them to have done this at some point in their 17 year history but I categorically disagree with that opinion. It is out of character for them in the context of the TV show as well as the book. Near the beginning of this episode Robert is saying how Cersei was forced on him by Jon Arryn and as we know Cersei is plotting to have Robert killed.It just does not make logical sense for them to sit down and have a heart to heart about how much they hate each other. They might has well have hugged it out afterward because that would not have been any more out of character than what was said.Yes the scene was well acted and I can appreciate some people loved it, but it totally, utterly and completely failed for me.I don't mean to pile on, since I see a few other posters already took you to task for this, but I couldn't resist saying how much I disagree with your assessment.
					
					
							Edited by Jaime Lannister, 17 May 2011 - 03:04 PM.
678	vgz	2011-05-17	Panther said and I quote:...The fight scenes seem extraordinarily sloppy for some reason. These are supposed to be the most bad assed of bad asses and they are wielding their swords like hollywood actors on their first run through the choreography..."I agree to a certain extent.  But what I think bothered me more so than perhaps the fight scene being somewhat "slopply" is the fact that Jamie's men just up and killed some of Ned's men with spears instead of giving them a chance at swords.  That seemed somewhat cowardly to me.  But that is just my opinion of course.
679	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	:shrug: They're Lannisters, at least they weren't shooting bows.
680	smegma	2011-05-17	Agreed, and talk about the unfortunate implications if the great mysteries of the show were 1) Who murdered Jon Arryn, 2) Who tried to murder Bran, 3) Are Cersei's children the product of incest, and 4) Are Renly and Loras gay?  One of these things is not like the other...Thank you, that's an excellent way of saying what I've meant all along.
681	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	Panther said and I quote:...The fight scenes seem extraordinarily sloppy for some reason. These are supposed to be the most bad assed of bad asses and they are wielding their swords like hollywood actors on their first run through the choreography..."I agree to a certain extent.  But what I think bothered me more so than perhaps the fight scene being somewhat "slopply" is the fact that Jamie's men just up and killed some of Ned's men with spears instead of giving them a chance at swords.  That seemed somewhat cowardly to me.  But that is just my opinion of course.They did it to cut time, but both soldiers dying the same way and so easily is quite umbelievable. Ned told Jory to get his best fighters and they died like shit. I mean, cant you see a guy right in front of you preparing a throw? And I doubt a throw like that would go right through a man like that. Its graphic but barely realistic.I wish the scene was like in the books but that way you wouldnt have the duel. I just wish JoryÂ´s death was more dramatic, but they barely had time to develop his character. IN the book you learn how important he is from all the stories and perceptions of multiple characters, not to mention the way Ned tried to save everyone and cuddled JoryÂ´s body.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 17 May 2011 - 03:53 PM.
682	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	I wish the scene was like in the books but that way you wouldnt have the duel. I just wish JorahÂ´s death was more dramatic, but they barely had time to develop his character. IN the book you learn how important he is from all the stories and perceptions of multiple characters, not to mention the way Ned tried to save everyone and cuddled JorahÂ´s body.Jorah is still alive.
683	Triskan	2011-05-17	Jorah is still alive.If that's true, then I swear that Lancel and Renly are having a gay relationship.
684	alguien	2011-05-17	If dragons are the real and powerfull weapon against The Others, then he definitaly wants Daenerys as head of the 7 kingdoms.I mean, the name of the series is A Song of Ice and Fire, not Game of Thrones. The prologue is so good because it shows you that the real story is about this impressive force gathering in the north while the kingdom falls to piece and is at its weakest point when the Others come.That is also the reason why I think the prologue was one of the worst scenes of the TV series. The Others just werent dangerous enough. In the book they mock and toy with an armed man and uterly destroy him, easily.I think Vaerys is the only guy who really knows what is going in the whole world and that knows the Others are really a threat.The only fly in that soup is that Varys has emphatically stated he hates magic and will do everything in his power to stop it. And, if the maesters are to be believed, dragons are sort of the catalyst for all magic in the world...Don't get me wrong, I think Varys is loyal to the Targaryens (I once argued, very forcefully, that he had Targaryen blood in him), but it will be interesting to see what he thinks of the dragons.
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 17 May 2011 - 03:46 PM.
685	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-17	Jorah is still alive.I believe he meant Jory, not Jorah.
686	Cereal Forel	2011-05-17	If that's true, then I swear that Lancel and Renly are having a gay relationship.:hi5:
687	Manakhkubar	2011-05-17	They did it to cut time, but both soldiers dying the same way and so easily is quite umbelievable. Ned told Jorah to get his best fighters and they died like shit. I mean, cant you see a guy right in front of you preparing a thrust? And I doubt a throw like that would go right through a man like that. Its graphic but barely realistic.A throw through is not realistic, two men with swords against men with spears being killed easily and without much of a chance to do any harm is, on the other hand, extremely realistic. I'd rather like the short cut to the already obvious end here to give Ned and Jaime a little bit more screen time.Btw. also very realistic: Jory dying on Jaime's first attack. Honestly, Jory attacking Jaime's _sword_ instead of, say, Jaime? And in the same move falling below distance? That deserved a short and low-keyed dagger to the head, well played.
688	legba11	2011-05-17	Great news on the ratings!
My fiance (non-book watcher) called the Renly/Loras "Gay Macbeth".  We can't decide whether Macgay or Gaybeth is a better hybrid word for it...
689	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	Jorah is still alive.LOLChanged it.
690	red snow	2011-05-17	Easily my favourite episode of the season. The main reason was that they have scenes that weren't in the book but fit really well in the show (and the book itself). I'm pleased it's not being a slave to the books POV structure and I hope they keep it up as I've always felt that there's no point in the show if it just reiterates the books.
As for the new scenes I enjoyed
Theon: Good to see more foreshadowing for the character as he's going to be central in season 2. Plus the sex scene checks the HBO bush/nob quota.
Renly and Loras. I could almost imagine this happening as a cut scene from the book in terms of justifying Renly's decision to try and be king. I also thought that the Queen of thorns has been grooming Loras and that he's not just the pretty Knight he often seems in the book. It also checks the HBO gay quota. The only downside is that Loras seems terribly miscast (he has the chest of a prepubescent) and they seem to be making Renly into a bit of a joke.
Littlefinger and Varys. This had the "kewl" factor and was a nice little pissing contest. In terms of Littlefinger never using that info about Vary's meeting, i'm not so sure. All they need to do is to have Varys get some info on LF and they will be at a stalemate again eg The lannisters wouldn't be too happy if Varys told them LF was helping convince Ned that they are incestuous and the children illegitimate heirs.
Cersei and Robert. Quite a touching scene and Lena Headey did a good job of getting us to feel sympathy for her.
While the end of the episode felt OTT it fits with the "action Ned" of the TV show. NCW sold me on his portrayal of Jaime when he swaggered over to Ned, that was Jaime through and through. I can't wait to see Jaime getting the meatier scenes - the chat with catelyn in season 2 should be dynamite.
So yeah, pretty damn happy with this episode and hope it maintains it through to episode 10 /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
691	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-17	This is my first post. I only found this site after watching the first episode and wanting to see what other book readers thought of the series. I have read all of the threads of each episode to far, but this is the first one where I feel I have to post. 
Why is Renley such a wuss? Really? We have seen him in something like 3 scenes prior to the manscaping scene. How he acts behind closed doors with his lover is not going to be the same as how he acts in front of others. Do you [no one in particular] act the exact same in front of your partner as you do everyone else? A false machismo is to be expected, no?
Why is Loras so skinny and not a total bad ass? Loras is a kid for one. He is also a bad ass on a horse, not necessarily as a swordsman. And last time I checked, Westeros doesn't have a whole lot of Gold's gyms. I found Theon's body to be the one that required more suspension of disbelief. Nobody looks like that naturally. But armor is so heavy right? That would be more of an endurance exercise. As a former Ranger, I can vouch for the fact that carrying a lot of weight doesn't make you big. It works in reverse. About 90% of Rangers I know are very thin with incredible endurance. And being skinny is preferable when riding a horse. Look at rodeo participants. The bull riders tend to be stockier, but those that ride the horses are usually really skinny. And training all the time doesn't mean he trains all the time, as in 24/7. He is still a nobleman and has other things to do. A few hours a day is probably well more than all the time. 
Why is Renley the sub and Loras the top? Again, really? There is always a dom and sub? Who is the dom in the Robert Cersei relationship? While I would love to say that I am the dom and my wife is the sub, I doubt she would agree. There is no black and white, especially in a society where the gay roles are probably not even close to being defined and men are supposed to be bad asses all the time. 
How can Ned possibly stand a chance against Jaimie? I have spent over 3/4 of my life training in martial arts. The difference between the good and the great is really only discernible by a few and certainly not a determining factor in a real fight. I have seen guys that have been training for half a dozen years with excellent technique revert to grade school fighting in a real fight. Ned has real world experience, has most likely kept up his training being from the harsher North, and has tricks up his sleeve that he obviously doesn't want people to know about. In tournament martial arts fighting, you have hundreds of hours of film on your opponents. You know pretty much everything they have. Jaimie has probably studied every tournament fighter in the realm and knows what the have. I think this is why tv Jaimie starts smiling during the fight. This is something new and exciting, compared to the rather boring life he currently lives. Didn't Cersei say something in the books about Jaimie telling her that he only felt alive in combat? Plus this Ned is played by Sean Bean, therefore has to be a bad ass fighter. 
So far I am really loving the tv series. It might not follow the book verbatim, but I do feel that the characters are indeed the same ones from the books I fell in love with. Now I can put away all my anger towards GRRM for taking so long to finish 5, since he has been busy making sure this series really works.
692	Laron	2011-05-17	After a second viewing, I can imagine the briefing of the Mountain Clan ambush:"OK, the main force will rush in, screaming wildly as usual. You two with the slings, climb on the ridge and give us support by shooting at the smallest target with the biggest shield. And most importantly: Take out the lute first!"
693	wandarah	2011-05-17	I for one don't think that the scenes with sword clashing, fighting, and delicious snacky cheesy treats look 'sloppy' at all. To me, the swords look incredibly heavy, and so the fights aren't ridiculous kung fu - as it should be.
694	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-05-17	After a second viewing, I can imagine the briefing of the Mountain Clan ambush:"OK, the main force will rush in, screaming wildly as usual. You two with the slings, climb on the ridge and give us support by shooting at the smallest target with the biggest shield. And most importantly: Take out the lute first!" /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> You owe me a new keyboard.
695	wandarah	2011-05-17	To be fair, that lute sucked.
696	Spionkop	2011-05-17	After a second viewing, I can imagine the briefing of the Mountain Clan ambush:"OK, the main force will rush in, screaming wildly as usual. You two with the slings, climb on the ridge and give us support by shooting at the smallest target with the biggest shield. And most importantly: Take out the lute first!"They probably didn't like the song.
697	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-05-17	This is my first post. I only found this site after watching the first episode and wanting to see what other book readers thought of the series. I have read all of the threads of each episode to far, but this is the first one where I feel I have to post. Why is Renley such a wuss? Really? We have seen him in something like 3 scenes prior to the manscaping scene. How he acts behind closed doors with his lover is not going to be the same as how he acts in front of others. Do you [no one in particular] act the exact same in front of your partner as you do everyone else? A false machismo is to be expected, no?Why is Loras so skinny and not a total bad ass? Loras is a kid for one. He is also a bad ass on a horse, not necessarily as a swordsman. And last time I checked, Westeros doesn't have a whole lot of Gold's gyms. I found Theon's body to be the one that required more suspension of disbelief. Nobody looks like that naturally. But armor is so heavy right? That would be more of an endurance exercise. As a former Ranger, I can vouch for the fact that carrying a lot of weight doesn't make you big. It works in reverse. About 90% of Rangers I know are very thin with incredible endurance. And being skinny is preferable when riding a horse. Look at rodeo participants. The bull riders tend to be stockier, but those that ride the horses are usually really skinny. And training all the time doesn't mean he trains all the time, as in 24/7. He is still a nobleman and has other things to do. A few hours a day is probably well more than all the time. Why is Renley the sub and Loras the top? Again, really? There is always a dom and sub? Who is the dom in the Robert Cersei relationship? While I would love to say that I am the dom and my wife is the sub, I doubt she would agree. There is no black and white, especially in a society where the gay roles are probably not even close to being defined and men are supposed to be bad asses all the time. How can Ned possibly stand a chance against Jaimie? I have spent over 3/4 of my life training in martial arts. The difference between the good and the great is really only discernible by a few and certainly not a determining factor in a real fight. I have seen guys that have been training for half a dozen years with excellent technique revert to grade school fighting in a real fight. Ned has real world experience, has most likely kept up his training being from the harsher North, and has tricks up his sleeve that he obviously doesn't want people to know about. In tournament martial arts fighting, you have hundreds of hours of film on your opponents. You know pretty much everything they have. Jaimie has probably studied every tournament fighter in the realm and knows what the have. I think this is why tv Jaimie starts smiling during the fight. This is something new and exciting, compared to the rather boring life he currently lives. Didn't Cersei say something in the books about Jaimie telling her that he only felt alive in combat? Plus this Ned is played by Sean Bean, therefore has to be a bad ass fighter. So far I am really loving the tv series. It might not follow the book verbatim, but I do feel that the characters are indeed the same ones from the books I fell in love with. Now I can put away all my anger towards GRRM for taking so long to finish 5, since he has been busy making sure this series really works.Well said, and welcome aboard.On the Ned/Jaime thing, I think Martin made it clear that Jaime was the better swordsman, but so what?  There's nothing critical in the plot to Ned not being just as good, he's supposed to be a military guy rather than a tournament knight, so why not up his ante a bit for TV?  After all, he's set up as a real soldier, so having him look badly outclassed by Jaime might just confuse people.  I rather liked being surprised that Ned seemed to hold his own, and like you, don't mind if the series doesn't exactly mirror the books.  Plus, the Sean Bean factor.As to the physiques, I do think Loras could have been more a wiry guy than a girly guy.  Rodeo guys, Rangers, or Marines (my gig) may not all be heavily muscled, but there's usually at least some tone to them.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 17 May 2011 - 04:19 PM.
698	malek	2011-05-17	This is my first post. I only found this site after watching the first episode and wanting to see what other book readers thought of the series. I have read all of the threads of each episode to far, but this is the first one where I feel I have to post. Why is Renley such a wuss? Really? We have seen him in something like 3 scenes prior to the manscaping scene. How he acts behind closed doors with his lover is not going to be the same as how he acts in front of others. Do you [no one in particular] act the exact same in front of your partner as you do everyone else? A false machismo is to be expected, no?Why is Loras so skinny and not a total bad ass? Loras is a kid for one. He is also a bad ass on a horse, not necessarily as a swordsman. And last time I checked, Westeros doesn't have a whole lot of Gold's gyms. I found Theon's body to be the one that required more suspension of disbelief. Nobody looks like that naturally. But armor is so heavy right? That would be more of an endurance exercise. As a former Ranger, I can vouch for the fact that carrying a lot of weight doesn't make you big. It works in reverse. About 90% of Rangers I know are very thin with incredible endurance. And being skinny is preferable when riding a horse. Look at rodeo participants. The bull riders tend to be stockier, but those that ride the horses are usually really skinny. And training all the time doesn't mean he trains all the time, as in 24/7. He is still a nobleman and has other things to do. A few hours a day is probably well more than all the time. Why is Renley the sub and Loras the top? Again, really? There is always a dom and sub? Who is the dom in the Robert Cersei relationship? While I would love to say that I am the dom and my wife is the sub, I doubt she would agree. There is no black and white, especially in a society where the gay roles are probably not even close to being defined and men are supposed to be bad asses all the time. How can Ned possibly stand a chance against Jaimie? I have spent over 3/4 of my life training in martial arts. The difference between the good and the great is really only discernible by a few and certainly not a determining factor in a real fight. I have seen guys that have been training for half a dozen years with excellent technique revert to grade school fighting in a real fight. Ned has real world experience, has most likely kept up his training being from the harsher North, and has tricks up his sleeve that he obviously doesn't want people to know about. In tournament martial arts fighting, you have hundreds of hours of film on your opponents. You know pretty much everything they have. Jaimie has probably studied every tournament fighter in the realm and knows what the have. I think this is why tv Jaimie starts smiling during the fight. This is something new and exciting, compared to the rather boring life he currently lives. Didn't Cersei say something in the books about Jaimie telling her that he only felt alive in combat? Plus this Ned is played by Sean Bean, therefore has to be a bad ass fighter. So far I am really loving the tv series. It might not follow the book verbatim, but I do feel that the characters are indeed the same ones from the books I fell in love with. Now I can put away all my anger towards GRRM for taking so long to finish 5, since he has been busy making sure this series really works.Well said, and you put in some excellent real life parallels - but that was not how we were lead to believe by reading the books !I guess it is what most of people on here (me included) are bitching about  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
699	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-17	Well said, and welcome aboard.On the Ned/Jaime thing, I think Martin made it clear that Jaime was the better swordsman, but so what?  There's nothing critical in the plot to Ned not being just as good, he's supposed to be a military guy rather than a tournament knight, so why not up his ante a bit for TV?  After all, he's set up as a real soldier, so having him look badly outclassed by Jaime might just confuse people.  I rather liked being surprised that Ned seemed to hold his own, and like you, don't mind if the series doesn't exactly mirror the books.  Plus, the Sean Bean factor.As to the physiques, I do think Loras could have been more a wiry guy than a girly guy.  Rodeo guys, Rangers, or Marines (my gig) may not all be heavily muscled, but there's usually at least some tone to them.Thanks Marine. They are also not pampered royalty. I can go either way on this one, though I prefer to err on the side of soft than the overly muscular hardness of say Theon. If anything, Theon lives in a much harsher climate so he might be harder. I think that they showed that Jaimie was a skilled fighter by so easily dispatching Jory. I use my wife as a good non-reader sounding board and she thought that they were fairly matched but assumed Jaimie was a little better because he was younger and could tell right away that Jaimie was pissed that he didn't get to prove it. So I feel that the scene worked perfectly that way.
700	Dornish	2011-05-17	Panther said and I quote:...The fight scenes seem extraordinarily sloppy for some reason. These are supposed to be the most bad assed of bad asses and they are wielding their swords like hollywood actors on their first run through the choreography..."I agree to a certain extent.  But what I think bothered me more so than perhaps the fight scene being somewhat "slopply" is the fact that Jamie's men just up and killed some of Ned's men with spears instead of giving them a chance at swords.  That seemed somewhat cowardly to me.  But that is just my opinion of course.The order was "kill his men" not "give them a chance". Seems smart to me. As to the rest of the fight. I get the impression that Jaime is toying with Ned, at first, until he nearly gets his face taken off. Then comes the crazy grin with the realization that this is actually going to be a fight. There's some back and forth. Ned is getting more shots in, but is also working harder for it and wearing himself out. The longer the battle goes on the greater Jaime's advantage, unless he gets cocky and does something stupid. Don't expect anyone at whispering wood to last much longer than Jory.
701	wandarah	2011-05-17	Well said, and you put in some excellent real life parallels - but that was not how we were lead to believe by reading the books !But it's not the books, is it. The books are source material, that's it. It's not a scene by scene reconstruction. Characters look and act differently. Direct comparison to the books is almost always going to result in things like this. I for one don't understand why people do it to themselves to be honest. I get we're all passionate about he books - but isn't it *awesome* that this series is being made *at all*, with this budget, and the quality of the cast? Aren't we impossibly lucky that someone is actually making a 'fantasy' based TV Series that *doesn't suck*?Anyway, didn't mean to rant - it just does my head in, personally.
702	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	A throw through is not realistic, two men with swords against men with spears being killed easily and without much of a chance to do any harm is, on the other hand, extremely realistic. I'd rather like the short cut to the already obvious end here to give Ned and Jaime a little bit more screen time.Btw. also very realistic: Jory dying on Jaime's first attack. Honestly, Jory attacking Jaime's _sword_ instead of, say, Jaime? And in the same move falling below distance? That deserved a short and low-keyed dagger to the head, well played.Agreed about Jaime vs Jory. The way he atacked was a death wish. IÂ´ve studied martial arts (not a lot, just enough to know the basics) and IÂ´ve learn that power attacks and attacks that make you overextend yourself are a BAD, BAD choice. That is why kicks are so dangerous in a real fight and boxing is so good. If it was a real fight and not something to save time I doubt Jory would atack like that, not just because its stupid but also because his oponent was the fucking Kingslayer and one of the best fighters of the real, if not the best.
703	Kalbear	2011-05-17	If anything, Theon lives in a much harsher climate so he might be harder.Not if the scene with Roz is any indicator.../12
704	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	After a second viewing, I can imagine the briefing of the Mountain Clan ambush:"OK, the main force will rush in, screaming wildly as usual. You two with the slings, climb on the ridge and give us support by shooting at the smallest target with the biggest shield. And most importantly: Take out the lute first!"Everyone knows that destroying the lute was so important because its song would lift the spirit of the fighters and strenghen their will.ON the other hand, maybe they destroyed it because the music was awfull. Maybe the whole atack had the objective of stoping such an horrible music.
705	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-17	On my second viewing of the show I appreciated this episode a lot more. I think my initial criticisms on the quality of the show were a tad harsh. Changes from the book don't really phase me.
@Wunhopkuendo: but Renly is a pussy and not just in private. Loras pointed out that Renly publicly vomited over seeing someone's eye poked out at the tourney, and that Bob and Stannis both consider him to be all together too namby-pamby. So while Renly might be more tender and affectionate in private his wusyness is well and truly on public display, making him rather unmanly and hence (in the context of what's valued in a medieval setting) unkingly. Hells at the moment Renly comes across as being like Samwell, only thinner. This isn't about Book vs TV show it's about audience believability that Renly really can attract the loyalty of powerful people for his tilt at the throne. I'm not feeling it and the Loras scene was probably Renly's biggest character set up scene this season.
706	Sad King Billy	2011-05-17	I get we're all passionate about he books - but isn't it *awesome* that this series is being made *at all*, with this budget, and the quality of the cast? Aren't we impossibly lucky that someone is actually making a 'fantasy' based TV Series that *doesn't suck*?You forgot something. *ahem*with good ratings?!
707	Queen Dorothea	2011-05-17	Hello, I am a new poster as well.Great conversations here and now I cannot contain myself anylonger /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />About Loras...Being a girl who likes guys and having quite a history in fangirling boy groups in the early 90s, I think that he was quite well cast.He would have captured my 12 year old heart rather than Jaime, or Robb or Jon Snow or Theon.Since TV is a visual medium with very little time for information conveyance, you need to decide for one immediate message to project.In Loras' case it's "he's pretty, he's rich, Sansa fancies him, but he has other interests and plans". Mind you - millions of viewers will have stowed that away, not that his torso and armed were too skinny.It also corresponded to their talk accusing one another of being spoilt children who have never been in a real fight.That's actually a thought Cat entertains when visiting Renly's camp but alas, no inner dialogue can be perveyed, so best if the audience knows right away where Loras/Renly stand.Apart from the unrealistic slurping sound I thought the scene served as quite a nice infodump: Lannisters are not the only rich and influential families, who is who in royal succession, Renly and his whole entourage are fashionable, ambitious but - and that's also kind of nice - contrasted with the Cleganes (who are the kind of guys who get the actual fighting done) - Renly and Loras are like the Eurovision Song Contest to Monsters of Rock.Well said, and welcome aboard.On the Ned/Jaime thing, I think Martin made it clear that Jaime was the better swordsman, but so what?  There's nothing critical in the plot to Ned not being just as good, he's supposed to be a military guy rather than a tournament knight, so why not up his ante a bit for TV?  After all, he's set up as a real soldier, so having him look badly outclassed by Jaime might just confuse people.  I rather liked being surprised that Ned seemed to hold his own, and like you, don't mind if the series doesn't exactly mirror the books.  Plus, the Sean Bean factor.As to the physiques, I do think Loras could have been more a wiry guy than a girly guy.  Rodeo guys, Rangers, or Marines (my gig) may not all be heavily muscled, but there's usually at least some tone to them.
708	Xenophon	2011-05-17	Not if the scene with Roz is any indicator...LOL.  At first, I didn't know what you all were talking about, since I had been watching with captions, so squid-boy's smallest tentacle was hidden, but I saw it on rewatch, and yeah, he needs some viagra, badly.@Wunhopkuendo: but Renly is a pussy and not just in private. Loras pointed out that Renly publicly vomited over seeing someone's eye poked out at the tourney, and that Bob and Stannis both consider him to be all together too namby-pamby. So while Renly might be more tender and affectionate in private his wusyness is well and truly on public display, making him rather unmanly and hence (in the context of what's valued in a medieval setting) unkingly. Hells at the moment Renly comes across as being like Samwell, only thinner. This isn't about Book vs TV show it's about audience believability that Renly really can attract the loyalty of powerful people for his tilt at the throne. I'm not feeling it and the Loras scene was probably Renly's biggest character set up scene this season.I think you might be overstating things a bit.  Yes, vomiting at the sight of blood is fairly unkingly, but I think the audience will understand that personal bravery isn't all that matters in Westeros.  After all, there were plenty of sniveling Kings in RL, and they've made it clear that Loras supports Renly and is from a very powerful house, so it won't seem that odd if other houses decide to join his cause, since having a big army tends to make up for many flaws.
709	wandarah	2011-05-17	You forgot something. *ahem*with good ratings?!Quite right my good Billy. Enormous, turgid, erect ratings. A fantastic thing, glorious in its tumescence.
710	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	I for one don't think that the scenes with sword clashing, fighting, and delicious snacky cheesy treats look 'sloppy' at all. To me, the swords look incredibly heavy, and so the fights aren't ridiculous kung fu - as it should be.A balanced sword weights about 1.5 to 2.0 kg. That is as heavy as some portable computers.
711	jlk7e	2011-05-17	Loras & RenlyI'll be brief here since there's a whole thread on this now. Overdone and unnecessary. Out of the two, I'd figure Loras to be the woman in the relationship, not Renly. I think the sexual part of this scene was about as long as the bathtub scene, and just as ridiculous. The entire series would be better if both of those scenes were about 10 minutes shorter.A 4 minute scene would have been better if 10 minutes shorter?
712	cdawnb	2011-05-17	Yeah I really liked the shaving as a sign of intimacy and of how much trust he has put in Loras (it's not like they had safety razors back then). Also I don't think it really has anything to do with Renly's "manliness"Â<U+0097>I saw it more as him thinking, "well, if he wants to do it I'll try it," again, another sign of the closeness of the characters.This.  I am not understanding the hate for this scene at all.  I thought it showed how close and loving they are.  Plus, we really need to see where Renly's ambition comes from and how Loras' family becomes involved.I do understand the worries about how in shape Loras seems.  He can be skinny but still have some muscle also.
713	cdawnb	2011-05-17	I am chuckling at the people who are complaining about the fight scenes because they don't look real because I find myself worrying about the quality of horses the Dothraki are riding everytime I see them.  When you have experience with something,  it can be hard to overlook the flaws in a TV show or movie.
I am NOT impressed Dany's Silver at all but understand they probably needed to find a horse the actress can ride.  It will pull me out of the scene a little if I look to hard lol.
714	wandarah	2011-05-17	A balanced sword weights about 1.5 to 2.0 kg. That is as heavy as some portable computers.Really? Consider me schooled then!
715	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-17	LOL.  At first, I didn't know what you all were talking about, since I had been watching with captions, so squid-boy's smallest tentacle was hidden, but I saw it on rewatch, and yeah, he needs some viagra, badly.I think you might be overstating things a bit.  Yes, vomiting at the sight of blood is fairly unkingly, but I think the audience will understand that personal bravery isn't all that matters in Westeros.  After all, there were plenty of sniveling Kings in RL, and they've made it clear that Loras supports Renly and is from a very powerful house, so it won't seem that odd if other houses decide to join his cause, since having a big army tends to make up for many flaws.Hey, let's cut the kid a break. That might have been his 6th or 7th time in a row with Ross. He can't stay hard forever.I agree with about Renly. He might not be the toughest guy in the realm, but Loras has a bit of a reputation and money, both influential enough to rally powerful houses behind him. And without Robert's drunken iron fist holding things together, certain houses might be more inclined to rebel along with Renly. Someone remind me, as it has been quite some time since I read the books, but did any great house ally with the Greyjoys during their rebellion?
716	Lone	2011-05-17	No, no, no, no. In the book, Renly wrestles up a huge following BECAUSE of his personality and the fact that the people love him. Why do they love him? BECAUSE he is the picture of a king: Strong (looking, at least), proud, handsome, giving - not sniveling, weak, cowardly and forgettable. He was eminently boring and unlikable in this episode. Loras whispering in his ear makes sense and seems sort of realistic, but Renly should've still been Renly, instead of a huge, foppish wuss.
					
					
							Edited by Lone, 17 May 2011 - 09:39 PM.
717	Xenophon	2011-05-17	No, no, no, no. In the book, Renly wrestles up a huge following BECAUSE of his personality and the fact that the people love him. Why do they love him? BECAUSE he is the picture of a king: Strong, proud, handsome, giving, strong (strong-looking, at least) - not sniveling, weak, cowardly and forgettable. He was eminently boring and unlikable in this episode. Loras whispering in his ear makes sense and seems sort of realistic, but Renly should've still been Renly, instead of a huge, foppish wuss.Sure, book-Renly might have inspired men because he looked like a proper king, but show-Renly seems to be getting set up as the least-bad option after Robert dies, and that's more than enough reason for people to join his cause, especially since he's got the arms of Highgarden on his side.
718	King_Baratheon	2011-05-17	Definitely a prosthetic boob...There is no way they could legally have that kid suck on some actress' boob (milk on the face too, they really went for it). All I could think of while watching it was: what parent wants their kid to play Sweet Robin?? My guess is they haven't read, or they're horrible showbiz parents.
The fight scenes were pretty good, but not A+...Hound vs. Mountain could have been longer, they could have showed Bronn do more than just slit a throat (though a glorious slit it was), and Ned Vs. Jaime was ok. I don't know why they had them even though, Jaime is supposed to be the best there is; that's why he is such a cocky A-hole.
Overall best episode so far despite the whole Renly/Loras fiasco. They could have done that so much better, they pretty much ruined Renly.
719	Queen Dorothea	2011-05-17	I am chuckling at the people who are complaining about the fight scenes because they don't look real because I find myself worrying about the quality of horses the Dothraki are riding everytime I see them.  When you have experience with something,  it can be hard to overlook the flaws in a TV show or movie.I am NOT impressed Dany's Silver at all but understand they probably needed to find a horse the actress can ride.  It will pull me out of the scene a little if I look to hard lol.I agree. As a horseperson I always think "now that horse was not made for long distance riding" or "that's the most expensive horse of a horselord????"And I also hate to see people who are supposed to have ridden all their lives to sit atop a horse like somebody who has their first lesson.You want to scream at them to hold their hands still and their ankles down and not to stick their feet into the stirrups all the way.
720	Xenophon	2011-05-17	I agree. As a horseperson I always think "now that horse was not made for long distance riding" or "that's the most expensive horse of a horselord????"And I also hate to see people who are supposed to have ridden all their lives to sit atop a horse like somebody who has their first lesson.You want to scream at them to hold their hands still and their ankles down and not to stick their feet into the stirrups all the way.For added irony, Jason Momoa hates horses.  Although he did say in an interview that his horse on GOT was the best he's ever worked with.
721	Queen Dorothea	2011-05-17	For added irony, Jason Momoa hates horses.  Although he did say in an interview that his horse on GOT was the best he's ever worked with.I know - I read it before! Even more ironical is the fact that he actually looks quite professional atop a horse. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
722	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	Sure, book-Renly might have inspired men because he looked like a proper king, but show-Renly seems to be getting set up as the least-bad option after Robert dies, and that's more than enough reason for people to join his cause, especially since he's got the arms of Highgarden on his side.And a kind and fair person is always the one people will truly want for a king. His looks might be inspiring but it's a laughable notion that it's the most important reason why people love Renly.And then you have to realize that the only one's supporting Renly are pretty much the people that have a lot to gain from it. When the Tyrells have raised the might of Highgarden and it's banners Renly is not only a popular person, he's a person with the strongest army of Westeros behind him. To back him is to make sure you are on very good terms with the one most likely to be the new king.
723	Snow White	2011-05-17	Re: Loras, he's renowned not for his melee skills, but for his jousting ability, which Jaimie later informs us is all about horsemanship. His size doesn't really matter there.Everyone knows that destroying the lute was so important because its song would lift the spirit of the fighters and strenghen their will.ON the other hand, maybe they destroyed it because the music was awfull. Maybe the whole atack had the objective of stoping such an horrible music.Everyone hates Bards...
724	cdawnb	2011-05-17	I agree. As a horseperson I always think "now that horse was not made for long distance riding" or "that's the most expensive horse of a horselord????"And I also hate to see people who are supposed to have ridden all their lives to sit atop a horse like somebody who has their first lesson.You want to scream at them to hold their hands still and their ankles down and not to stick their feet into the stirrups all the way.And for GODS SAKE quit flapping your arms around like a chicken lol.  I need to just close my eyes during the riding scenes /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
725	Impish	2011-05-17	Hey all, first post here.I've become completely hooked on this series since catching the first episode, and am currently plowing through the books (nearly done book 4 now).I LOVED this latest episode, have to say it is my favourite so far, plenty of action but the story and drama didn't suffer one bit for it.  I think I would rate the episodes so far something like 9 / 8 / 7 / 8 / 10.  But maybe I shouldn't give the latest a perfect 10 since I am expecting it to be surpassed /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I've been extremely impressed with the adaptation so far, I think they've done a fantastic job with the casting, and in general I am enjoying the changes they've made so far, they do feel very faithful to the books; it's clear the writers really know the story and characters intimately.  They do indeed feel like "deleted scenes" from the book, as someone described them earlier.The ONE change I'm not thrilled about was giving Sandor's backstory to Littlefinger.. The Hound has few enough moments to shine as it is, was a bit of a shame giving it to LF who has tons of screen time already.  But I can understand why they did it; to give more weight to the Clegane brothers' clash at the tourney.I have to say I don't quite get the objection to Loras being so slim.  That is exactly how he is decribed in the book, here are some quotes (helps having the Kindle version I can search thru quickly by keyword /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />)"Ser Loras Tyrell was slender as a reed""His courser was as slim as her rider""a handsome stripling of a boy strode forth boldly.  Out of his armor, Ser Loras Tyrell looked even younger than his sixteen years""Loras Tyrell seemed almost as young as Robb""the grace and quickness with which Ser Loras moved""He seemed taller than he'd been when she'd first met him, but still so lithe and graceful"Slender, slim, stripling, boy, lithe, graceful.  He is described, several times, as looking even younger than he actually is.  He is called a "stripling" which is defined as "a boy or youth not yet fully grown".  He is repeatedly described in terms of grace, speed, and quickness, NEVER strength.  I suppose a LITTLE more tone wouldn't hurt, but they got pretty damn close to the descriptions in the books IMHO.And yes, he doesn't look like he could storm the walls of Dragonstone... but that is also a couple years away, after he's actually seen some REAL combat, as opposed to simply "knocking men off horses with a stick", as Lady Olenna dismissively summarizes his abilities at one point.  Give skinnyboy a chance, I say! /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />"I really dont remember anywhere in the books that it is declared that Jamie is the greatest swordsman"Both Jaime and Brienne make remarks (or rather, thoughts) to the effect that he is the best, so I guess it depends on how much we trust their judgment.JAIME POV: "Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountain's strength was like nothing human.  It did not matter.  With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all."BRIENNE POV: "It had been all that she could do to keep his blade at bay. He was weak from imprisonment, and chained at the wrists. No knight in the Seven Kingdoms could have stood against him at full strength, with no chains to hamper him."
					
					
							Edited by Impy, 17 May 2011 - 07:15 PM.
726	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-17	No, no, no, no. In the book, Renly wrestles up a huge following BECAUSE of his personality and the fact that the people love him. Why do they love him? BECAUSE he is the picture of a king: Strong, proud, handsome, giving, strong (strong-looking, at least) - not sniveling, weak, cowardly and forgettable. He was eminently boring and unlikable in this episode. Loras whispering in his ear makes sense and seems sort of realistic, but Renly should've still been Renly, instead of a huge, foppish wuss.TV-Renly does come across as decisive, strong and martial in public. He hasn't seemed as light-hearted and courtly as in the books, but his "weaknesses" have only been shown in that scene with Loras - a part of his private persona, not his public one. There's more character development needed to demonstrate his popularity, but I think they're doing pretty well with his story.On an aside, I've only just realised Littlefinger is Tommy Carcetti... fail
727	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-17	Hey all, first post here.I've become completely hooked on this series since catching the first episode, and am currently plowing through the books (nearly done book 4 now).I LOVED this latest episode, have to say it is my favourite so far, plenty of action but the story and drama didn't suffer one bit for it.  I think I would rate the episodes so far something like 9 / 8 / 7 / 8 / 10.  But maybe I shouldn't give the latest a perfect 10 since I am expecting it to be surpassed /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Welcome to the board and it's good to see someone new enjoying both the books and the show. As for your "worry" about the grade, a scale of 1-10 is much to blunt to have a grade especially for "perfection" so you should be good. I personally even prefer the scale of 1-5 (where the 1 covers everything that's worse than OK).As for the Hound he hasn't gotten much to say yet, but D&D has said that his relationship with Sansa is very much still there, so at least that part of him not getting to talk about his brother should hopefully not diminish his character that much.
728	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-05-17	"This isn't about Book vs TV show it's about audience believability that Renly really can attract the loyalty of powerful people for his tilt at the throne. I'm not feeling it and the Loras scene was probably Renly's biggest character set up scene this season." 
I must start by saying that this is my first post and hope I included the previos quote correctly.  I am thrilled to find so many passionate fans of this masterpiece and to have a forum like this to share with you all.  As I find myself rereading the series, again, now that the tv show has started, I came across what Oleanna has to say i ASoS about both Loras and her "Oaf" son.  Lord "PuffFish" is fully behind Renly's rise and probably does not need the convincing of Loras.  So Renly may not need to be so "manly" if the fortune of Highgarden is in play.  
  Absolutely love the series and hope it continues right  through to the end.  Only two complaints so far;  1) Unimpressed by the Eyrie 2)  And the worst casting of the show has to be hands down Ser Illyn Payne!  He was shorter than Sansa.  He is supposed to be this imposing character that will hides in the shadows.  This guy looks like my Grandfather.  Never posted on a forum before, that felt good.
729	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-17	About Loras...Being a girl who likes guys and having quite a history in fangirling boy groups in the early 90s, I think that he was quite well cast.He would have captured my 12 year old heart rather than Jaime, or Robb or Jon Snow or Theon.Since TV is a visual medium with very little time for information conveyance, you need to decide for one immediate message to project.You go, girl! Tell it like it is. We need more female perspective here!I am NOT impressed Dany's Silver at all but understand they probably needed to find a horse the actress can ride. It will pull me out of the scene a little if I look to hard lol.Yeah, but did you get a look at the Mountain's horse? Yowza! That's one nice piece of horseflesh. Too bad it's dead now.
730	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-17	Hey all, first post here.I've become completely hooked on this series since catching the first episode, and am currently plowing through the books (nearly done book 4 now).I LOVED this latest episode, have to say it is my favourite so far, plenty of action but the story and drama didn't suffer one bit for it.  I think I would rate the episodes so far something like 9 / 8 / 7 / 8 / 10.  But maybe I shouldn't give the latest a perfect 10 since I am expecting it to be surpassed /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I've been extremely impressed with the adaptation so far, I think they've done a fantastic job with the casting, and in general I am enjoying the changes they've made so far, they do feel very faithful to the books; it's clear the writers really know the story and characters intimately.  They do indeed feel like "deleted scenes" from the book, as someone described them earlier.The ONE change I'm not thrilled about was giving Sandor's backstory to Littlefinger.. The Hound has few enough moments to shine as it is, was a bit of a shame giving it to LF who has tons of screen time already.  But I can understand why they did it; to give more weight to the Clegane brothers' clash at the tourney.I have to say I don't quite get the objection to Loras being so slim.  That is exactly how he is decribed in the book, here are some quotes (helps having the Kindle version I can search thru quickly by keyword /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />)"Ser Loras Tyrell was slender as a reed""His courser was as slim as her rider""a handsome stripling of a boy strode forth boldly.  Out of his armor, Ser Loras Tyrell looked even younger than his sixteen years""Loras Tyrell seemed almost as young as Robb""the grace and quickness with which Ser Loras moved""He seemed taller than he'd been when she'd first met him, but still so lithe and graceful"Slender, slim, stripling, boy, lithe, graceful.  He is described, several times, as looking even younger than he actually is.  He is called a "stripling" which is defined as "a boy or youth not yet fully grown".  He is repeatedly described in terms of grace, speed, and quickness, NEVER strength.  I suppose a LITTLE more tone wouldn't hurt, but they got pretty damn close to the descriptions in the books IMHO.And yes, he doesn't look like he could storm the walls of Dragonstone... but that is also a couple years away, after he's actually seen some REAL combat, as opposed to simply "knocking men off horses with a stick", as Lady Olenna dismissively summarizes his abilities at one point.  Give skinnyboy a chance, I say! /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Both Jaime and Brienne make remarks (or rather, thoughts) to the effect that he is the best, so I guess it depends on how much we trust their judgment.JAIME POV: "Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountain's strength was like nothing human.  It did not matter.  With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all."BRIENNE POV: "It had been all that she could do to keep his blade at bay. He was weak from imprisonment, and chained at the wrists. No knight in the Seven Kingdoms could have stood against him at full strength, with no chains to hamper him."Thank you for taking the time to write out what I was too lazy to do! I agree 100% with your assertion.
731	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-17	I watched the episode late and thus haven't been inclined to read all 37 pages so some of my thoughts will already have been covered. 
First off, those of you who think this was the best episode yet (and one or two who thought it was the best show they've ever seen or close to it) are clearly crazy and just starved for GoT.  I don't mean that insultingly, but nothing could be clearer.  I thought it was in the running for worst episode so far.  Sloppy, poorly crafted with abysmal stunt work.  If this is going to be their standard for sword fighting, then I hope they keep it to a bare minimum.  Now that I am writing this out, I don't even want to get into all the problems that I had with it, but man that sword fighting was among the weakest I've ever seen on the cheapest of TV shows.  
And how the hell is Arya supposed to learn stealth and quickness while clomping around in the loudest shoes in the Realm?
What I did like though was the Robert/Cersei scene which set up the exact reasons why the were married in the first place.  The Eyrie was great though I had envisioned the Sky Cells to have a less finished cliff edge.  And as always, Dinklage is the best guy on screen every single time.  
I'm still scratching my head that people thought this was such a great episode.  Just plain terrible.
732	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-17	And how the hell is Arya supposed to learn stealth and quickness while clomping around in the loudest shoes in the Realm?She gets called out for trying to sneak in her boots in Storm of Swords, seems consistent.I hope they get more time to practice with the sword work for the coming seasons, I don't believe there was much time for training before shooting.Overall, I loved the episode.
733	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-17	She gets called out for trying to sneak in her boots in Storm of Swords, seems consistent.I hope they get more time to practice with the sword work for the coming seasons, I don't believe there was much time for training before shooting.Overall, I loved the episode.This was episode 5 which means there was at least 6-7 weeks of shooting prior to the first real sword battle (an hour of commercial filled regular TV is usually 8-10 shooting days).  Plus there were months of pre-production where their actors could undergo sword training.
734	Olenna	2011-05-17	Agreed, this was a sloppy episode in terms of the swordfighting, the wimpification of Renly, and the overall pacing. But there was still a lot to appreciate, like Lysa's histrionics, Gregor decapitating his horse, and the look on Jaime's face when his underling stabbed Ned through the thigh.
There have been a lot of complaints about Loras' build but he does correspond to the description in the books and anyway GRRM has a penchant for depicting effective fighters who don't have the "right" body for it (eunuchs, women, dwarves, maimed guys).
735	Abaddon	2011-05-17	And the worst casting of the show has to be hands down Ser Illyn Payne!  He was shorter than Sansa.  He is supposed to be this imposing character that will hides in the shadows.  This guy looks like my Grandfather.  Never posted on a forum before, that felt good.Your Grandfather is one strange (but not scary) looking dude.Welcome to the forum!
736	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-17	I watched the episode late and thus haven't been inclined to read all 37 pages so some of my thoughts will already have been covered. First off, those of you who think this was the best episode yet (and one or two who thought it was the best show they've ever seen or close to it) are clearly crazy and just starved for GoT.  I don't mean that insultingly, but nothing could be clearer.  I thought it was in the running for worst episode so far.  Sloppy, poorly crafted with abysmal stunt work.  If this is going to be their standard for sword fighting, then I hope they keep it to a bare minimum.  Now that I am writing this out, I don't even want to get into all the problems that I had with it, but man that sword fighting was among the weakest I've ever seen on the cheapest of TV shows.  And how the hell is Arya supposed to learn stealth and quickness while clomping around in the loudest shoes in the Realm?What I did like though was the Robert/Cersei scene which set up the exact reasons why the were married in the first place.  The Eyrie was great though I had envisioned the Sky Cells to have a less finished cliff edge.  And as always, Dinklage is the best guy on screen every single time.  I'm still scratching my head that people thought this was such a great episode.  Just plain terrible.The first sword fight between The Hound and The Mountain was just fine. They both used proper technique and moved about as fast as you'd expect with such large weapons and so much armor. Even finished with a slick little move. I see no problem here at all.The fight with the mountain men consisted mostly of Bronn owning the crap out of people, Tyrion slamming a dude in the face with a shield, and quick random snippets of people mid swing, besides an old slow Ser Rodrick getting hit across the back and returning it with a beastly throat cut. If anything you could critique the editing, but I still don't see this horrid sword fighting you mention. And the final fight, between Ned and Jaime. The actual dual between Ned and Jaime was pretty good. A couple of the Lannister men looked clumsy but you can blame that on them being told not to kill Ned when Ned was obviously fighting for his life. Or, you can blame that on them just being no named extras that don't need all the training in the world. Jaime put a nice little move on Jory. Jory even got a couple nice cuts in before he went down. What's the problem here? We might not be talking Lord of the Rings level swordplay, but surely it's more than satisfactory.
737	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-17	Agreed, this was a sloppy episode in terms of the swordfighting, the wimpification of Renly, and the overall pacing. But there was still a lot to appreciate, like Lysa's histrionics, Gregor decapitating his horse, and the look on Jaime's face when his underling stabbed Ned through the thigh.There have been a lot of complaints about Loras' build but he does correspond to the description in the books and anyway GRRM has a penchant for depicting effective fighters who don't have the "right" body for it (eunuchs, women, dwarves, maimed guys).Do we know how Renly acted in private with his lover? I don't ever remember a POV of Renly in the books. People do put on acts when they're around others. Loras even tells Renly in that scene that he draws people to him. Do wimps tend to do that? And sloppy sword fighting again huh? Care to site some examples?
738	Xenophon	2011-05-17	What's the problem here? We might not be talking Lord of the Rings level swordplay, but surely it's more than satisfactory.Agreed.  It wasn't slick or flashy, but that wouldn't be appropriate for the general "realistic" tone they're trying to set.  And while the actors don't always look perfectly comfortable with swords in their hands, they're doing a pretty good job, IMO.  I particularly like how they're using some of the techniques from RL longsword fighting manuals (for example, Jaime goes into an ox guard at one point).  And, honestly, I thought show-Tyrion's fighting ability was much more believable than book-Tyrion, who kills something like 5 men in his first battle.
739	Huan	2011-05-17	Agreed.  It wasn't slick or flashy, but that wouldn't be appropriate for the general "realistic" tone they're trying to set.  And while the actors don't always look perfectly comfortable with swords in their hands, they're doing a pretty good job, IMO.  I particularly like how they're using some of the techniques from RL longsword fighting manuals (for example, Jaime goes into an ox guard at one point).  And, honestly, I thought show-Tyrion's fighting ability was much more believable than book-Tyrion, who kills something like 5 men in his first battle.I thought Peter Dinklage conveyed Tyrion's battle fever very effectively when he was bashing in the clansman's face with a shield. Also a nice foreshadowing of his battle fever at Battle of the Blackwater.
740	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-17	The first sword fight between The Hound and The Mountain was just fine. They both used proper technique and moved about as fast as you'd expect with such large weapons and so much armor. Even finished with a slick little move. I see no problem here at all.The fight with the mountain men consisted mostly of Bronn owning the crap out of people, Tyrion slamming a dude in the face with a shield, and quick random snippets of people mid swing, besides an old slow Ser Rodrick getting hit across the back and returning it with a beastly throat cut. If anything you could critique the editing, but I still don't see this horrid sword fighting you mention. And the final fight, between Ned and Jaime. The actual dual between Ned and Jaime was pretty good. A couple of the Lannister men looked clumsy but you can blame that on them being told not to kill Ned when Ned was obviously fighting for his life. Or, you can blame that on them just being no named extras that don't need all the training in the world. Jaime put a nice little move on Jory. Jory even got a couple nice cuts in before he went down. What's the problem here? We might not be talking Lord of the Rings level swordplay, but surely it's more than satisfactory.Yeah, my biggest complaint has been with the fights prior to this episode, the only one that I didn't love in episode 5 was the Ned/Jaime fight, but nothing big for me to complain about. I felt the Bronn stuff was the best I have seen this season. Really looking forward to his duel, to see if it caries over.
741	Morrigan	2011-05-17	Boy this thread moves fast...Agreed, and talk about the unfortunate implications if the great mysteries of the show were 1) Who murdered Jon Arryn, 2) Who tried to murder Bran, 3) Are Cersei's children the product of incest, and 4) Are Renly and Loras gay?  One of these things is not like the other...No, it's not. But it's still a fun "easter egg" kind of discovery when you piece the hints together.
742	Olenna	2011-05-17	Do we know how Renly acted in private with his lover? I don't ever remember a POV of Renly in the books. People do put on acts when they're around others. Loras even tells Renly in that scene that he draws people to him. Do wimps tend to do that? And sloppy sword fighting again huh? Care to site some examples?I don't have a problem with Renly showing a softer side in private, but I was very surprised that he balked at the sight of blood, since any guy who trained as a knight would have gotten his fair share of cuts. And, as other people have mentioned, Loras oohing and ahhing about his lover's charisma doesn't carry much weight since he's either biased or trying to manipulate him. Renly hasn't shown himself to be charismatic in public yet, though of course he might in the future. With the sloppy sword fighting I was mainly thinking of Jaime's guys in the Jaime/Ned scene and how generic the faceoff between Gregor and Sandor was. But then again I've been spoiled by Spartacus, which features a much flashier style with no bulky armor to slow everything down. Really, the swordfighting thing was a minor complaint and I'm sure it'll improve over the course of the show. The episode was very strong overall.
743	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-17	I think in the book RenlyÂ´s power as a charismatic leader kind of comes out of nowhere also. He was mostly a shadow figure in Got and in Clash of Kings you mainly becomeÂ´s awed at his power and his host, just for him to get killed by a shadow a few chapters after. Im pretty sure all his power is show only in two Cat chapters. After that he just gets owned.
744	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-17	I think in the book RenlyÂ´s power as a charismatic leader kind of comes out of nowhere also. He was mostly a shadow figure in Got and in Clash of Kings you mainly becomeÂ´s awed at his power and his host, just for him to get killed by a shadow a few chapters after. Im pretty sure all his power is show only in two Cat chapters. After that he just gets owned.He did something to garner Loras and the rest of the Tyrell's love, as well as Brienne and several other houses. He was definitely doing something right.
745	Borias	2011-05-17	Quite enjoyed the episode.  Decided to make an account just to post on this episode.
Renly/Loras.  Put me in the category of those that missed the gay thing after a couple reads.  Perhaps I just didn't try to focus on that relationship, but also, all the hints were plausible, not definitive.  Rainbow Guard?  GRRM never used modern references, so I pegged it as just something other than the white cloaks, red cloaks, and black cloaks running around.  Gotta look different, right?  And the talk with Jaime, I figured he was just being an ass, not out of character at all for Jaime.  And him going berserk?  I thought that it was as simple as his BFF getting killed.  If your best friend was just slaughtered and you were a premier knight, wouldn't you go crazy and kill folks too?
I have a *very* difficult time believing anyone could've seen Renly and Loras as lovers after reading only AGOT.  Therefore, perhaps just some hints and looks would've been sufficient here as well.  Now there is nowhere to build, other than full on gay sex on screen.
Cersei/Robert.  I liked the addition.  I think most long married couples, even if they hate each other after being married for decades, can still sit down and have a civil chat.  They probably even recognize that the other is a worthwhile tool of information to be used at times.  Plus, it makes them less one dimensional, which is always good.
Varys/LF.  I know that you know that I know that you know.  But did you know that I know that you knew that I know, but I didn't actually do that, I did something else, and that was a lie, or so I led you to believe, and maybe I actually did it, but you don't know that?   /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> It was unneeded, but I guess I did chuckle during it.
Ned/Jaime.  Needed for a tv adaptation, but not the book.  About as simple as that.  After rewatching it, it makes sense.  Jaime had control, but Ned could surprise him a little, and have an edge in pure strength.  I would've disliked the book version, in comparison.  Plus, the follow up to the Jaime/Jory bit with the eye from the other episode was great.
Bran.  Just an infodump.  We as readers don't need it, but new folks to the story do.  After all, they don't have a map or an appendix to reference whenever they want.  A lot of 'redundant' stuff is just that- a way of giving information to viewers that haven't read the books.
Overall, I quite enjoyed it.  Something to keep in mind- this is just the first season, and as such, I doubt HBO wanted to risk a really long series on something that might not pay off.  That's why it feels rushed.  I would wager that when season 2 comes, there will be more episodes, and more budget.  Then the pacing can be better, and perhaps a better story overall.
746	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-17	The first sword fight between The Hound and The Mountain was just fine. They both used proper technique and moved about as fast as you'd expect with such large weapons and so much armor. Even finished with a slick little move. I see no problem here at all.The fight with the mountain men consisted mostly of Bronn owning the crap out of people, Tyrion slamming a dude in the face with a shield, and quick random snippets of people mid swing, besides an old slow Ser Rodrick getting hit across the back and returning it with a beastly throat cut. If anything you could critique the editing, but I still don't see this horrid sword fighting you mention. And the final fight, between Ned and Jaime. The actual dual between Ned and Jaime was pretty good. A couple of the Lannister men looked clumsy but you can blame that on them being told not to kill Ned when Ned was obviously fighting for his life. Or, you can blame that on them just being no named extras that don't need all the training in the world. Jaime put a nice little move on Jory. Jory even got a couple nice cuts in before he went down. What's the problem here? We might not be talking Lord of the Rings level swordplay, but surely it's more than satisfactory.No, it's not and Jaime's level of swordplay is the root of the dissatisfaction.  Extras I can understand at least, though any extras doing actual swordplay (not like the oafs behind Jon in ep 4) are actually stuntmen, not extras.  Those stuntmen need to be believable, they weren't.  Jaime in particular needed to be believable, he wasn't.  I was ok with Ned, but of course Bean had a lot or work in LOtR.  However, when one of the main characters in your series (especially one who doesn't die in book 1!) is supposed to be one of the most gifted and scary swordsmen in the Realm, I'd have him in training every week so that when it comes time to show off that skill, it looks realistic.  I'd sooner have a stuntman doing the work and be able to tell it was a stuntman than have the realie do it and look like an actor trying to play with swords.eta:  And don't call me Shirley!
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 17 May 2011 - 11:36 PM.
747	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-17	Quite enjoyed the episode.  Decided to make an account just to post on this episode.Renly/Loras.  Put me in the category of those that missed the gay thing after a couple reads.  Perhaps I just didn't try to focus on that relationship, but also, all the hints were plausible, not definitive.  Rainbow Guard?  GRRM never used modern references, so I pegged it as just something other than the white cloaks, red cloaks, and black cloaks running around.  Gotta look different, right?  And the talk with Jaime, I figured he was just being an ass, not out of character at all for Jaime.  And him going berserk?  I thought that it was as simple as his BFF getting killed.  If your best friend was just slaughtered and you were a premier knight, wouldn't you go crazy and kill folks too?I have a *very* difficult time believing anyone could've seen Renly and Loras as lovers after reading only AGOT.  Therefore, perhaps just some hints and looks would've been sufficient here as well.  Now there is nowhere to build, other than full on gay sex on screen.Cersei/Robert.  I liked the addition.  I think most long married couples, even if they hate each other after being married for decades, can still sit down and have a civil chat.  They probably even recognize that the other is a worthwhile tool of information to be used at times.  Plus, it makes them less one dimensional, which is always good.Varys/LF.  I know that you know that I know that you know.  But did you know that I know that you knew that I know, but I didn't actually do that, I did something else, and that was a lie, or so I led you to believe, and maybe I actually did it, but you don't know that?   /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> It was unneeded, but I guess I did chuckle during it.Ned/Jaime.  Needed for a tv adaptation, but not the book.  About as simple as that.  After rewatching it, it makes sense.  Jaime had control, but Ned could surprise him a little, and have an edge in pure strength.  I would've disliked the book version, in comparison.  Plus, the follow up to the Jaime/Jory bit with the eye from the other episode was great.Bran.  Just an infodump.  We as readers don't need it, but new folks to the story do.  After all, they don't have a map or an appendix to reference whenever they want.  A lot of 'redundant' stuff is just that- a way of giving information to viewers that haven't read the books.Overall, I quite enjoyed it.  Something to keep in mind- this is just the first season, and as such, I doubt HBO wanted to risk a really long series on something that might not pay off.  That's why it feels rushed.  I would wager that when season 2 comes, there will be more episodes, and more budget.  Then the pacing can be better, and perhaps a better story overall.I'll take that bet!  There will be no more than 12 episodes in a season for HBO, that's what they do. They don't do 22 episode seasons of anything. And if the budget is increased, it won't be on on-screen stuff.  More producers will be on board, some old producers will jump up to exec producers, maybe some splashier names as actors will all garner more salary and therefore seem like they put more money into it, but little to none of that will show up as an improvement on screen.  The acting is generally fine, and casting a big name actor isn't a guarantee at all of better acting (although I'd be stoked if they brought in Ian McShane!), so hiring a name won't necessarily be a noticeable improvement.  It's a nice thought, but HBO is cheap and if they get the ratings they want, why throw more money at it when they could just spend the same (actually less since a lot of the pre-production work is already done) and make more profit?
748	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-18	I think in the book RenlyÂ´s power as a charismatic leader kind of comes out of nowhere also. He was mostly a shadow figure in Got and in Clash of Kings you mainly becomeÂ´s awed at his power and his host, just for him to get killed by a shadow a few chapters after. Im pretty sure all his power is show only in two Cat chapters. After that he just gets owned.Perhaps, but among the first descriptions of Renly in the book (especially Ned's intial thoughts on seeing him at his first small council meeting) suggests there's a certain kingly presence to Renly. Ned thinks seeing Renly now is like seeing Bob as he was during the rebellion. There's still 5 episodes of the season to go so Renly's public persona might get a bit more treatment to get the audience more on side with him as a realistic prospect for king.Of course, prospects for the arse to occupy the Iron Throne after Bob are limited to Joff, Stannis and Renly. As it comes down to that choice a pussy, scared of his own blood Renly starts to look not all that bad of a choice for House Tyrell to throw their weight behind on the say so of their favourite son.If it wasn't for a shared adoption of the minority faith of the Lord of Light I don't think anyone would throw their lot in with Stannis. Even though if the truth was acknowledged (I'm sure it's kinda known or at least strongly suspected on the part of many, or at least Varys and perhaps Littlefinger know) and the laws properly applied Stannis would be crowned king. But who cares about laws when power and control (though obviously not wealth) are up for grabs?
749	red snow	2011-05-18	We need to remember that Renly was the spitting image of the young rebel, Robert too. So they pretty much threw that out the window too. It will be interesting to see how Renly is portrayed through the rest of the season. If he is more charismatic and tough when around others (as seemed the case with LF at the tourney) then it will be a great bit of characterisation that he has this softer/fragile side behind closed doors.
Hopefully the guy playing Loras will get himself down to the gym, as with a little bit of tone he'll look more like a fighter.
I just remembered the mountain cutting the horse's head off. It has to be a good episode when that scene slips your mind.
750	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-18	No, it's not and Jaime's level of swordplay is the root of the dissatisfaction.  Extras I can understand at least, though any extras doing actual swordplay (not like the oafs behind Jon in ep 4) are actually stuntmen, not extras.  Those stuntmen need to be believable, they weren't.  Jaime in particular needed to be believable, he wasn't.  I was ok with Ned, but of course Bean had a lot or work in LOtR.  However, when one of the main characters in your series (especially one who doesn't die in book 1!) is supposed to be one of the most gifted and scary swordsmen in the Realm, I'd have him in training every week so that when it comes time to show off that skill, it looks realistic.  I'd sooner have a stuntman doing the work and be able to tell it was a stuntman than have the realie do it and look like an actor trying to play with swords.eta:  And don't call me Shirley!We're going to have to agree to disagree. I watched the scene again and saw nothing wrong with it other than the camera being zoomed in way to close. Definitely can't see how you can say Bean was fine but NCW wasn't.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> But fortunately for you, you'll only have to endure a couple more scenes of Jaime disappointing you with his swordsmanship.
751	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-18	He did something to garner Loras and the rest of the Tyrell's love, as well as Brienne and several other houses. He was definitely doing something right.Usually we dont see him dealing with small folk. Mostly he deals with high lords and the small council.
752	DurararaFTW	2011-05-18	We need to remember that Renly was the spitting image of the young rebel, Robert too. So they pretty much threw that out the window too. It will be interesting to see how Renly is portrayed through the rest of the season. If he is more charismatic and tough when around others (as seemed the case with LF at the tourney) then it will be a great bit of characterisation that he has this softer/fragile side behind closed doors.Hopefully the guy playing Loras will get himself down to the gym, as with a little bit of tone he'll look more like a fighter.I just remembered the mountain cutting the horse's head off. It has to be a good episode when that scene slips your mind.Renly needed to look like what Mark Addy looked like before he let himself go. The actor accomplishes that well enough. I think he should have been in better shape but the problem started with Roberts casting, not Renly.
753	Manakhkubar	2011-05-18	We're going to have to agree to disagree. I watched the scene again and saw nothing wrong with it other than the camera being zoomed in way to close. Definitely can't see how you can say Bean was fine but NCW wasn't.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> Definitely. Both actors are doing fine (I'd even say that "Jaime" is producing better than "Ned"), the choreography is the problem. It is just wrong. But you really cannot blame Coster-Waldau or Bean for that.
754	reiver	2011-05-18	With regards to Renly's popularity i wish they'd shown his joust. Even a few seconds snippet of it would have rounded out the tournament (giving at least some impression that it had more than two jousts) and made Renly a bit more butch. I feel that the show has lessened a lot of characters and made them play more to tropes rather than bucking them which is one of the things i loved about the book. Although i hesitate to say Renly wasn't a bit of a cliche (love of clothes, Rainbow bloody guard) I liked having a non-effette not immediately obvious gay character. 
While the actor is nothing like my image of Renly he does at least have an easy going genialty that although it doesn't project the twinkling charisma of the book, makes him an immediately likeable chap.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 18 May 2011 - 03:11 AM.
755	legba11	2011-05-18	I'll take that bet!  There will be no more than 12 episodes in a season for HBO, that's what they do. They don't do 22 episode seasons of anything. And if the budget is increased, it won't be on on-screen stuff.  More producers will be on board, some old producers will jump up to exec producers, maybe some splashier names as actors will all garner more salary and therefore seem like they put more money into it, but little to none of that will show up as an improvement on screen.  The acting is generally fine, and casting a big name actor isn't a guarantee at all of better acting (although I'd be stoked if they brought in Ian McShane!), so hiring a name won't necessarily be a noticeable improvement.  It's a nice thought, but HBO is cheap and if they get the ratings they want, why throw more money at it when they could just spend the same (actually less since a lot of the pre-production work is already done) and make more profit?12 Episodes would be more
756	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-18	12 Episodes would be moreYes, but not significantly more, as I tried to point out.
757	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-18	We're going to have to agree to disagree. I watched the scene again and saw nothing wrong with it other than the camera being zoomed in way to close. Definitely can't see how you can say Bean was fine but NCW wasn't.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> But fortunately for you, you'll only have to endure a couple more scenes of Jaime disappointing you with his swordsmanship.The camera work is a way to try and hide the inability of the actors to look proficient.  It's part of the sloppiness in the episode that I don't like.
758	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-18	Yes, but not significantly more, as I tried to point out.Martin only ever said that he felt 12 episodes was needed, why would we be expecting more than that. 12 seems like it would have given them enough room to tell the story at a better pace.
759	Mad Sweeney	2011-05-18	Martin only ever said that he felt 12 episodes was needed, why would we be expecting more than that. 12 seems like it would have given them enough room to tell the story at a better pace.I felt an air of expectation from the post that I responded to.  Two episodes isn't much at all, especially if they're going to "waste" a few episodes with sloppy work, like this one.
760	Axon	2011-05-18	Martin only ever said that he felt 12 episodes was needed, why would we be expecting more than that. 12 seems like it would have given them enough room to tell the story at a better pace.I think GoT is perfect for 13 or 14 episodes, but it's clear that the shorter amount of eps lets them keep the pace at a heart thumping level.
761	red snow	2011-05-18	HBO doesn't only ever do 12 episodes. Sopranos was usually 13 episodes and it's last "season" spread over 2 years was 21. oz had a 16 episode season. So while 12 is the norm HBO is definitely flexible with season length (and episode length) and it varies from season to season.
762	Cereal Forel	2011-05-18	We're going to have to agree to disagree. I watched the scene again and saw nothing wrong with it other than the camera being zoomed in way to close. Definitely can't see how you can say Bean was fine but NCW wasn't.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> Hmm, I think this might be my main issue. It's probably more to do with directing and camera work than the choreography. I'll have to rewatch it to get a better idea :popcorn:Edit: but like I said originally, the swordplay is only a very minor part of what makes this series awesome so I'm not really upset over it.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 18 May 2011 - 08:25 AM.
763	Borias	2011-05-18	I think GoT is perfect for 13 or 14 episodes, but it's clear that the shorter amount of eps lets them keep the pace at a heart thumping level.Adding 4 episodes would work well.  If they shortened all the nonsense in King's Landing(both outside in the battle, and inside with Sansa/Cersei) to 1 episode, that would be almost a tragedy.  There's an awful lot going on during that battle that was snipped short, or mentioned after, that would be better seen onscreen.  Tywin showing up, for example.  That was one of the things I really disliked having done in an afterthought in the book, until I realized there was no POV to put it in, since Tyrion was unconscious at the time.  Not a constraint with the show.Also with the capture of Jaime.  We almost *need* to see him be a badass for once, and this is the perfect chance to expand on it.  If Robb shows up randomly one episode with Jaime as his prisoner and we don't see what happened, I will throw my shoe at the tv in disgust.  However, back to this episode- it did a very good job of setting the "oh crap" feeling for the rest of the season.  Informing us what would happen if the dothraki invaded, and that all it would take is that one girl convincing her husband is a sobering thought.  Also, it showed us that the Lannisters are not afraid to kill anyone to protect their own, and our hero (Ned) is by no means safe.  Everyone's favorite dwarf is in a bad, bad spot.  And there are conspiracies all over to kill main characters.  While we all 'knew' it wasn't a safe and happy realm, we finally get to see that some bad things can happen.  And from here on out?  It will.  And nobody will be safe.  And I can't wait to see the looks on my friends faces that haven't seen the show when it all goes down.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
764	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-18	The "sword-play" in this series is fine.  Please find a movie or series that does it better.  Rob Roy?  Nope.  Braveheart?  There was a minimal amount.  Frankly, I am glad that I don't fret about every little thing about the show.  It would lead to an early heart attack.
765	Ser_Niall	2011-05-18	My thoughts on this episode (and the series so far), sorry if some of this has been mentioned before.
The tourney - I don't have a problem with the fact that it only has the important jousts in it, namely the ones involving the mountain.  Too many jousts would have slowed the story down.  Do wish they would have included a bigger crowd for atmosphere though.
Hate the way Renly and Loras are portrayed.  I never got the impression that Renly was a super effeminate weakling from the books.  However, at least he has more muscle definition than Loras, he looks like a 10 year old boy in the manscaping scene.  It looks like he couldn't even lift the lance, let alone unhorse the mountain.  Really wish they were a little more subtle with the Renly/Loras relationship.  It is ok to leave something to the imagination.  I don't have a problem with gay relationships, but its as taboo in Westeros as it is in the real world.  They should have kept it more of an implied relationship, at least until later seasons.
I enjoy the way Cersei and Jaime are being portrayed.  Jaime is perfect, after this episode the non-book reading audience will definitely start hating him, as they should until Storm of Swords.  Cersei is a bit different than how she is in the book, but it works for the show.  I think they're making us a bit more sympathetic towards her, which will make her later actions seem that much more deplorable.
Lysa's crazy was spot on, just wish they would have gone with a fatter actress to match her description in the book.
Bronn was perfect, going to great hearing his lines /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
766	Manakhkubar	2011-05-18	Hate the way Renly and Loras are portrayed.  I never got the impression that Renly was a super effeminate weakling from the books.He isn't in the show either.However, at least he has more muscle definition than Loras, he looks like a 10 year old boy in the manscaping scene.If there are 10 year olds looking like that where you live, move away from there, and fast!Really wish they were a little more subtle with the Renly/Loras relationship.  It is ok to leave something to the imagination.  I don't have a problem with gay relationships, but its as taboo in Westeros as it is in the real world.  They should have kept it more of an implied relationship, at least until later seasons.I don't quite get the problem here. First, gay relationships are NOT a taboo in the real world (they are in some places like a few fanatical Christian and Muslim countries, but in most modern countries, there is no such taboo). Which renders "as taboo in Westeros" rather pointless.In feudal societies in the real world, homosexualism was not actually a taboo either. It was odd, but especially for a gay noble, as long as he produced some children, not that much of an issue.Now, be that as it may, what does social standards have to do with story approach, I wonder? Even if there was a Westeros taboo about homosexualism (I doubt there is one), why would that mean the relationship of Loras and Renly should not be shown as it is on TV? Or do you mean it should not be as it is, but shown?
767	Cereal Forel	2011-05-18	The "sword-play" in this series is fine.  Please find a movie or series that does it better.  Rob Roy?  Nope.  Braveheart?  There was a minimal amount.  Frankly, I am glad that I don't fret about every little thing about the show.  It would lead to an early heart attack.Seriously? You can't think of even 1 movie or TV show that does it better?If you had bothered to keep up with any of the threads we've had on each episode you'd probably notice that this is the only criticism I've raised with the entire show, and I've mentioned multiple times that it isn't a dealbreaker, but I don't see the reason to make it out to be something it isn't.
768	Brewmaster	2011-05-18	I have a *very* difficult time believing anyone could've seen Renly and Loras as lovers after reading only AGOT.  Therefore, perhaps just some hints and looks would've been sufficient here as well.  Now there is nowhere to build, other than full on gay sex on screen.Renly will be dead by around the 3rd show in the next season. That doesn't leave a lot of time to "build" things.In the book, a lot of the Renly/Loras relationship hints are brought up after his death. TV is definitely a different medium and it wouldn't make much sense to have that be the case here, wasting time on a dead character. There is no point in taking that same path of hinting at hit until he's long dead.
769	Ser_Niall	2011-05-18	He isn't in the show either.If there are 10 year olds looking like that where you live, move away from there, and fast!I guess I added a bit of hyperbole here /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  He's just not at all how I pictured him from the book.  I gathered he was an accomplished swordsman, jouster, and basically a younger Robert.  However,  his portrayal in the show doesn't show any of these qualities.  Its been a while since I read the books, probably should reread them - wasn't there some dialog about his fighting prowess in Robert's rebellion?  Loras just didn't look like a knight to me, didn't look like a very physically strong character.I don't quite get the problem here. First, gay relationships are NOT a taboo in the real world (they are in some places like a few fanatical Christian and Muslim countries, but in most modern countries, there is no such taboo). Which renders "as taboo in Westeros" rather pointless.In feudal societies in the real world, homosexualism was not actually a taboo either. It was odd, but especially for a gay noble, as long as he produced some children, not that much of an issue.Now, be that as it may, what does social standards have to do with story approach, I wonder? Even if there was a Westeros taboo about homosexualism (I doubt there is one), why would that mean the relationship of Loras and Renly should not be shown as it is on TV? Or do you mean it should not be as it is, but shown?Given the fact that Renly and Loras aren't completely open about their relationship says that its pretty taboo in Westeros.  Why else would they hide it?  The above poster did makes sense that they had to flesh out the relationship earlier since Renly dies later on.
770	red snow	2011-05-18	Given the fact that Renly and Loras aren't completely open about their relationship says that its pretty taboo in Westeros.  Why else would they hide it?  The above poster did makes sense that they had to flesh out the relationship earlier since Renly dies later on.I was wondering about how taboo homosexuality is in the world of westeros too. I think that it probably is or there'd be more openly gay characters. It's definitely more taboo than incest as that seems to be fine if you are of the correct lineage but there don't seem to be any gay-lords (for lack of a better word). Homosexuality seems only to be allowed in the brothels and even then it's hush-hush as the varys/Petyr exhange showed.I guess it's not something that people are fanatical about punishing at least, otherwise there would be more of a witch-hunt if anyone suspected Renly/loras. In that sense it isn't terribly backwards - it's not Richard Morgan's "The steel remains"
771	Ser_Niall	2011-05-18	I was wondering about how taboo homosexuality is in the world of westeros too. I think that it probably is or there'd be more openly gay characters. It's definitely more taboo than incest as that seems to be fine if you are of the correct lineage but there don't seem to be any gay-lords (for lack of a better word). Homosexuality seems only to be allowed in the brothels and even then it's hush-hush as the varys/Petyr exhange showed.I guess it's not something that people are fanatical about punishing at least, otherwise there would be more of a witch-hunt if anyone suspected Renly/loras. In that sense it isn't terribly backwards - it's not Richard Morgan's "The steel remains"This would be similar to European history I think.  Not an expert, but I do know that GRRM modeled Westeros after real world medieval Europe.  It was definitely not uncommon for first cousins to marry, keeping the royal bloodline "pure."  I'm sure even closer in-family relationships existed.  The biggest issue with the Cersei/Jaime relationship is the fact that their children are bastards, not born out of incest.  The Targaryens often married brother and sister.
772	Cereal Forel	2011-05-18	We also need to keep in mind that while Renly is obviously gay based on his scene with Loras, when not in private we've been given no hints whatsoever that he isn't a masculine, heterosexual male. I expect it's probably the worst kept secret in Westeros, just like it is in the book, but only time will tell.I know it's difficult, but we shouldn't really judge the character based on one scene. By the end of the first season he could be portrayed as a completely different character. Maybe we will see him joust (practice maybe), maybe his charisma will shine through if we see him in scenes other than in the small council. Who knows?
773	Borias	2011-05-18	Renly will be dead by around the 3rd show in the next season. That doesn't leave a lot of time to "build" things.In the book, a lot of the Renly/Loras relationship hints are brought up after his death. TV is definitely a different medium and it wouldn't make much sense to have that be the case here, wasting time on a dead character. There is no point in taking that same path of hinting at hit until he's long dead.Sure there is.  Just the bit with Littlefinger and Renly would be very sufficient for the first bit.  Then when Renly leaves, there can be a scene between him and Loras, a bit more there.  And at the beginning of the next season, a full scene.  Doing everything now means the next time they are together, unless it's some hardcore porn style stuff, it's going to be, "Oh, the gay guys, ok."  I'm mid reread, but what are all the hints?  The rainbow guard?  Gonna happen for sure.  Loras going berserk after Renly dying?  Gonna happen.  Jaime threatening Loras with the quip about putting a dagger in a spot where Renly never even saw?  Might or might not happen.  See above for easier ways to show they're gay/together, but not all at once.I mean, aside from Ros the whore, no character has gone faster to sex than these guys.  And Ros has had more lines I think than Loras.  Take that for what you will.
					
					
							Edited by Borias, 18 May 2011 - 11:27 AM.
774	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-18	I was wondering about how taboo homosexuality is in the world of westeros too. I think that it probably is or there'd be more openly gay characters. It's definitely more taboo than incest as that seems to be fine if you are of the correct lineage but there don't seem to be any gay-lords (for lack of a better word). Homosexuality seems only to be allowed in the brothels and even then it's hush-hush as the varys/Petyr exhange showed.I guess it's not something that people are fanatical about punishing at least, otherwise there would be more of a witch-hunt if anyone suspected Renly/loras. In that sense it isn't terribly backwards - it's not Richard Morgan's "The steel remains"Incest was taboo for everyone but the Targaryens. Cercei's children are at least once referred to as "abominations born out of incest", which doesn't exactly paint a kind picture.As for homosexuality, to me it seems like there's some taboo in that you'll be looked down upon but not the kind where they get attacked by religious fanatics as is the case in some parts of our world. Renly and Loras was a secret, but not a flawlessly kept one. For example, we learn later that Cersei knew about Renly preferring men.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 May 2011 - 11:36 AM.
775	Desch	2011-05-18	Sure there is.  Just the bit with Littlefinger and Renly would be very sufficient for the first bit.  Then when Renly leaves, there can be a scene between him and Loras, a bit more there.  And at the beginning of the next season, a full scene.  Doing everything now means the next time they are together, unless it's some hardcore porn style stuff, it's going to be, "Oh, the gay guys, ok."  I'm mid reread, but what are all the hints?  The rainbow guard?  Gonna happen for sure.  Loras going berserk after Renly dying?  Gonna happen.  Jaime threatening Loras with the quip about putting a dagger in a spot where Renly never even saw?  Might or might not happen.  See above for easier ways to show they're gay/together, but not all at once.I mean, aside from Ros the whore, no character has gone faster to sex than these guys.  And Ros has had more lines I think than Loras.  Take that for what you will.I really hope the line about Margaery and her maidenhood will be in the show. That one is one of the best lines in the book /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> And about homosexuality, I think as far as we know from the books there isn't that taboo as in incest. All we know of talk is more or less bickering and making fun of.
776	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-18	I don't have a problem with Renly showing a softer side in private, but I was very surprised that he balked at the sight of blood, since any guy who trained as a knight would have gotten his fair share of cuts. And, as other people have mentioned, Loras oohing and ahhing about his lover's charisma doesn't carry much weight since he's either biased or trying to manipulate him. Renly hasn't shown himself to be charismatic in public yet, though of course he might in the future. With the sloppy sword fighting I was mainly thinking of Jaime's guys in the Jaime/Ned scene and how generic the faceoff between Gregor and Sandor was. But then again I've been spoiled by Spartacus, which features a much flashier style with no bulky armor to slow everything down. Really, the swordfighting thing was a minor complaint and I'm sure it'll improve over the course of the show. The episode was very strong overall.Ah, this explains a lot. I think people today have been fed enough flashy, yet unrealistic, tv and movie fighting scenes that the flashy has become synonymous with realistic sword fighting. I hate to be the one to inform everyone that the Easter bun isn't real, but what you see on tv, especially Spartacus which was the most unrealistic sword fighting I have ever seen anywhere, isn't how people fight with swords in play, much less when life is on the line. This is also medieval time frame with medieval weapons, armor, and of course fighting techniques. They probably haven't incorporated Asian style martial arts into their everyday repertoire. What I loved most about the Jaime/Ned fight is that Jaime is taken aback by how fiercely Ned attacks him in that no joking manner. Jaime has been only tournament fighting for the last 9 years, so he isn't expecting such a fierce attack by such an old man. Hence the brief smile at what was almost a fatal error on his part. He readjusts and turns the tables a bit. Ned has to take a step back to catch his breath, and a spear to the leg. In the end, I am sure that Jaime would have beaten Ned in that fight, but it was much more difficult than Jaime had at first anticipated. As for Ned being such a good fighter, isn't it possible that living in the north has provided him with some practice against hill tribes, or wildlings that slip past the wall, or any number of non law abiding groups. At a minimum, having been in two major wars in the last two decades, keeps his skills up with practice.
777	The Knight of Grasses	2011-05-18	As someone who knows nothing on sword-fighting technique other than what I've read in fantasy novels (so...pretty much nothing), the battles look fine to me.  And I'm guessing that's the case with 98% of the people watching the show.  It seems like the only ones complaining about the "sloppiness" are knowledgeable about sword fights and see problems that others won't because they don't have the experience.  
I suppose I'm fortunate they don't have any scenes of Littlefinger talking about accounting rules, because then I'd get all nitpicky too.  "Wait!  You can't expense the cost of those horses!  Those are clearly fixed assets that need to be depreciated over their useful lives!  This show has gotten so sloppy!"  Although I suppose Westeros could have its own version of FASB that has allowed that accounting treatment...
Everything needs to be given a cost-benefit analysis.  In this case, the producers thought, "Okay, we could spend thousands of dollars more, delay production, and take hours of extra time to perfect the choreography all in the name of making the sword fights more realistic, which will probably only be noticeable to only 2% of our viewers.  Or we could spend that money and time elsewhere and produce fights that will be fine for 98% of our viewers."  The choice was easy.  The producers realize they didn't create the best fight scenes ever.  And they're almost certainly okay with it because the benefit (pleasing a few people who will probably watch no matter how sloppy the scenes are) didn't outweigh the cost.
778	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-18	I suppose I'm fortunate they don't have any scenes of Littlefinger talking about accounting rules, because then I'd get all nitpicky too.  "Wait!  You can't expense the cost of those horses!  Those are clearly fixed assets that need to be depreciated over their useful lives!  This show has gotten so sloppy!"  Although I suppose Westeros could have its own version of FASB that has allowed that accounting treatment...Ok, this had me rolling. Very nicely done!
779	Cereal Forel	2011-05-18	Whatever, it's not worth debating something I've already said doesn't matter in the scheme of things. I'm disappointed, that's all.
780	Xenophon	2011-05-18	I mean, aside from Ros the whore, no character has gone faster to sex than these guys.  And Ros has had more lines I think than Loras.  Take that for what you will.I think you may be forgetting some things.  We meet Tyrion mid-blowjob, HBO-style slurping and all.  Also, we meet Renly Loras separately before we see them together.  We know Renly is kind of flippant on the King's small council, but seems to get on well with everyone.  And we know Loras is a skilled warrior, who isn't above using trickery to win, but nevertheless has a reputation for being very chivalrous (and to be fair, he is very gracious with the Hound).As for Ned being such a good fighter, isn't it possible that living in the north has provided him with some practice against hill tribes, or wildlings that slip past the wall, or any number of non law abiding groups. At a minimum, having been in two major wars in the last two decades, keeps his skills up with practice.Also, in the show, I think the audience would assume he practices regularly, given the clear physical contrast between him and Robert, and since half the scenes in Winterfell are of people practicing their martial skills.  In the book we learn that he doesn't spar regularly, but I don't think viewers would think that.
781	Manakhkubar	2011-05-18	Everything needs to be given a cost-benefit analysis.  In this case, the producers thought, "Okay, we could spend thousands of dollars more, delay production, and take hours of extra time to perfect the choreography all in the name of making the sword fights more realistic, which will probably only be noticeable to only 2% of our viewers.  Or we could spend that money and time elsewhere and produce fights that will be fine for 98% of our viewers."  The choice was easy.  The producers realize they didn't create the best fight scenes ever.  And they're almost certainly okay with it because the benefit (pleasing a few people who will probably watch no matter how sloppy the scenes are) didn't outweigh the cost.Not just that, if they really tried to make fight scenes realistic, a whole lot of people would be argueing how unrealistic those scenes look, much more than the relatively few nit-pickers now (me included). Hack, even among experts, there is a extreme wide range of incompatible believes what styles existed when, how and so on.Besides, realistic sword fighting would be impossible to be shot with actors like Sean Bean.
					
					
							Edited by Manakhkubar, 18 May 2011 - 02:45 PM.
782	Starkess	2011-05-18	I think it's amusing that people spend so much time debating the sword fighting. In reading and watching, fight scenes bore the crap out of me. Really they could all be about 2 seconds and I would be happy.
But more power to y'all! 
/fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
783	Chirios	2011-05-18	Ah, this explains a lot. I think people today have been fed enough flashy, yet unrealistic, tv and movie fighting scenes that the flashy has become synonymous with realistic sword fighting. I hate to be the one to inform everyone that the Easter bun isn't real, but what you see on tv, especially Spartacus which was the most unrealistic sword fighting I have ever seen anywhere, isn't how people fight with swords in play, much less when life is on the line. This is also medieval time frame with medieval weapons, armor, and of course fighting techniques. They probably haven't incorporated Asian style martial arts into their everyday repertoire.It's isn't about being flashy.The fight between Jaime and Ned was disappointing to me because the moves they were using aren't the kind of moves you should expect from someone of Jaime's caliber. I used the term: chopping, in the other thread because that's what all their moves were, and they're fighting with double edged swords not axes, they should be stabbing and slicing every once in a while. And then there was the bit where they locked swords and pushed against each other which always annoys me whenever I see it. Locking swords is pointless because of the cross guard, Jaime should've just turned his sword and cut along Ned side. There's also the fact that they made it seem like Jaime and Ned were equals when it came to fighting, but I'll accept that that was changed for the tv.Basically, the modern day equivalent would be if you saw a fight between Anderson Silva and an old man who back in his day once competed in the Golden Gloves, and all Anderson Silva did throughout the whole fight was swing wild haymakers.As for the thing about asian martial arts, there are only so many ways you can swing a sword, the chinese had double edged blades just like the europeans, the martial arts will inevitably be similar. I would like to hear the full version of that song the singer was... singing.
					
					
							Edited by Chirios, 18 May 2011 - 04:33 PM.
784	Lone	2011-05-18	Just a quick point about Loras. He is renowned for his jousting because he's a knight of summer and he's made a name for himself in tourneys, but I think it's understood that he's an excellent swordsman as well.
785	Chirios	2011-05-18	Just a quick point about Loras. He is renowned for his jousting because he's a knight of summer and he's made a name for himself in tourneys, but I think it's understood that he's an excellent swordsman as well.I think he was supposed to be above average, but not as good as say, Jaime or Bronn. His brother Garlan was supposed to be better.
786	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-18	He also states how stupid it would be to sit and hide in their fortified cities letting the Dothraki rape and pillage the entire countryside as Jorah suggests.Indeed! I was just suggesting that Robert is smarter than Jorah gave him credit for when he said that Robert would be "stupid enough to meet the Dothraki on an open field". Clearly Robert has thought way ahead of that so he might actually have been a tougher opponent than Jorah, Viserys and the Dothraki believed. An academic question to be sure since we all know what happens to Robert.
787	Kalbear	2011-05-18	I think he was supposed to be above average, but not as good as say, Jaime or Bronn. His brother Garlan was supposed to be better.Yeah, but Garlan is supposed to be pretty freaking awesome. It's not like saying that Loras isn't as good as Garlan is a knock on him.
788	Xenophon	2011-05-18	The fight between Jaime and Ned was disappointing to me because the moves they were using aren't the kind of moves you should expect from someone of Jaime's caliber. I used the term: chopping, in the other thread because that's what all their moves were, and they're fighting with double edged swords not axes, they should be stabbing and slicing every once in a while. And then there was the bit where they locked swords and pushed against each other which always annoys me whenever I see it. Locking swords is pointless because of the cross guard, Jaime should've just turned his sword and cut along Ned side. I'm not sure what exactly you find so objectionable.  I'll admit the final locking of swords went on way too long, so we could get a good close up of each, but the basic techniques they're using looks very similar to the RL German school of fencing. The fight choreographer has clearly studied historical longsword fighting manuals--Jaime repeatedly uses the ox guard, while Ned uses the plough, and they always push/wind their way out of the bind rather than just pulling their swords apart.  Oh, and they both do thrust at each other's heads a couple times during the fight.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 18 May 2011 - 05:20 PM.
789	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-18	It's isn't about being flashy.The fight between Jaime and Ned was disappointing to me because the moves they were using aren't the kind of moves you should expect from someone of Jaime's caliber. I used the term: chopping, in the other thread because that's what all their moves were, and they're fighting with double edged swords not axes, they should be stabbing and slicing every once in a while. And then there was the bit where they locked swords and pushed against each other which always annoys me whenever I see it. Locking swords is pointless because of the cross guard, Jaime should've just turned his sword and cut along Ned side. There's also the fact that they made it seem like Jaime and Ned were equals when it came to fighting, but I'll accept that that was changed for the tv.Basically, the modern day equivalent would be if you saw a fight between Anderson Silva and an old man who back in his day once competed in the Golden Gloves, and all Anderson Silva did throughout the whole fight was swing wild haymakers.As for the thing about asian martial arts, there are only so many ways you can swing a sword, the chinese had double edged blades just like the europeans, the martial arts will inevitably be similar. I would like to hear the full version of that song the singer was... singing.This part clearly shows how little you know about the difference in Asian martial arts and European. It goes much further than "both have double edged blades". Everything about the styles are completely different because the fighters' builds were different, the armor was certainly different, and the lineage was vastly different. A Chinese Dao sword, with its double edged blade, is not meant to pierce armor in the same way if at all. In fact, it is considered bad form in a Chinese sword fight to touch blades at all, but doing that in a movie would be heralded as unrealistic and too "matrix-like". The Japanese art, Iaido, has thousands of moves that originate from a sheathed sword and are meant to be a single slice to kill your opponent without touching their sword or armor. Watch some old Kurosawa Samurai movies and see how little the blades touch, if at all. In GoT, they are using European style swords and armor, which is much heavier and requires stronger swings and thrusts to overcome the weight of the blade and the thickness of the armor. The style of fighting in GoT, as Xenophon points out, is using moves more along the lines of German fencing techniques. I have quite a number of years in training with Chinese weapons of all kinds. I can wield a sword for hours on end and not be all that sore or tired. I have tried the same movements with medieval weapons and I am pretty gassed after about 5 minutes.
790	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-18	It's isn't about being flashy.The fight between Jaime and Ned was disappointing to me because the moves they were using aren't the kind of moves you should expect from someone of Jaime's caliber. I used the term: chopping, in the other thread because that's what all their moves were, and they're fighting with double edged swords not axes, they should be stabbing and slicing every once in a while. And then there was the bit where they locked swords and pushed against each other which always annoys me whenever I see it. Locking swords is pointless because of the cross guard, Jaime should've just turned his sword and cut along Ned side. There's also the fact that they made it seem like Jaime and Ned were equals when it came to fighting, but I'll accept that that was changed for the tv.Basically, the modern day equivalent would be if you saw a fight between Anderson Silva and an old man who back in his day once competed in the Golden Gloves, and all Anderson Silva did throughout the whole fight was swing wild haymakers.As for the thing about asian martial arts, there are only so many ways you can swing a sword, the chinese had double edged blades just like the europeans, the martial arts will inevitably be similar. I would like to hear the full version of that song the singer was... singing.To my memory Jaime is stabbing and slicing a few times in that scene, plus that he looks like he's just showing off once or twice, so I don't fully agree with your assessment. Jaime also does some combination strikes, which is not an equivalent to haymakers in martial arts either so all in all I don't quite agree with the Anderson comparison (and at least Jaime didn't run around and hid behind his men, like the Maia fight /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />). It's of course not the best example of technical display of fighting on TV but I think it's clearly better than the impression I get from your post. I have a lot of martial arts experience but I think I've come full circle as I can very easily spot every actor that isn't a dedicated martial artist, but luckily I've also managed to learn to shut that part out to a big extent.As for the martial arts of western Europe and China, they were to my knowledge quite different due to variances in things like armor. Of course there will always be similarities because, as you say, there's only so many ways to swing a sword, but the intended target will greatly affect how you attack. That became apparent in Europe when advancements in projectile weaponry made heavy armor obsolete, which in turn changed how you fought in melee.
791	Chirios	2011-05-18	This part clearly shows how little you know about the difference in Asian martial arts and European. It goes much further than "both have double edged blades". Everything about the styles are completely different because the fighters' builds were different, the armor was certainly different, and the lineage was vastly different. A Chinese Dao sword, with its double edged blade, is not meant to pierce armor in the same way if at all. In fact, it is considered bad form in a Chinese sword fight to touch blades at all, but doing that in a movie would be heralded as unrealistic and too "matrix-like". The Japanese art, Iaido, has thousands of moves that originate from a sheathed sword and are meant to be a single slice to kill your opponent without touching their sword or armor. Watch some old Kurosawa Samurai movies and see how little the blades touch, if at all. In GoT, they are using European style swords and armor, which is much heavier and requires stronger swings and thrusts to overcome the weight of the blade and the thickness of the armor. The style of fighting in GoT, as Xenophon points out, is using moves more along the lines of German fencing techniques. I have quite a number of years in training with Chinese weapons of all kinds. I can wield a sword for hours on end and not be all that sore or tired. I have tried the same movements with medieval weapons and I am pretty gassed after about 5 minutes.Iaido uses a katana, which has a single edge, so the moves by definition will be different from a longsword which has two edges. The same is true of the Dao. The Jian has two edges, but that is much thinner than the average longsword would be and therefore the moves are slightly different. The average longsword in medieval times weighed between 2-5 pounds, a katana weighs about 2 pounds, a 70 cm Jian weighed about 2 pounds. Anything else would be prohibitively heavy.I didn't say that they would be the same, I said that they would be similar. Western and Asian martial arts all took into account the use of angles, they all took into account using wrestling techniques of some sort to trip up/ disarm your opponent. Yes, the heavier plate affected the growth of western fencing, but the techniques generally weren't to hammer through the plate, it was to attack the joints, and those areas which the plate armour couldn't fit over and were only protected by mail, under the arms, the neck, the groin. There are only so many ways you can cut someone.
792	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-18	In GoT, they are using European style swords and armor, which is much heavier and requires stronger swings and thrusts to overcome the weight of the blade and the thickness of the armor. The style of fighting in GoT, as Xenophon points out, is using moves more along the lines of German fencing techniques. I have quite a number of years in training with Chinese weapons of all kinds. I can wield a sword for hours on end and not be all that sore or tired. I have tried the same movements with medieval weapons and I am pretty gassed after about 5 minutes.You weren't using accurate medieval weapons then.Watch this show about swords: Weapons that Made Britain: The Sword (Part 1)or read this book: Swords and SwordsmenI am not being too snarky either, both are excellent!
					
					
							Edited by AquariumDrinker, 18 May 2011 - 10:04 PM.
793	Ellroy	2011-05-19	Am I the only one who felt that the scene between Varys and Littlefinger was awfull? It was a stupid and childish confrontantion. I really do not see the need of that scene. The dialogue is not that great. It does not help the development of the story. What's the point adding things if they do not improove the storytelling.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 19 May 2011 - 08:13 AM.
794	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-19	Am I the only one who felt that the scene between Varys and Littlefinger was awfull? It was a stupid and childish confrontantion. I really do not see the need of that scene. The dialogue is not that great. It does not help the development of the story. What's the point adding things if they do not improove the storytelling.Varys is prone to such displays of his power in the book as well, so he can get some satisfaction, plus make his competitors paranoid. He basically does the same thing when Tyrion arrives at King's Landing.
795	Lord Varys	2011-05-19	The dialogue actually makes Littlefinger much more of an asshole than he actually is. 'To his face we call him 'Lord Eunuch'' is the kind of joke he makes, but he does not insult him by inclining he might be a pederast, or making fun about the possible location of his balls. He really seems to provoke Varys into lashing back at him, and I'm not sure that Varys could be provoked into doing that. Nor am I certain that Littlefinger would dare insult/threaten people like Renly or Varys. He and his career is dependent on the fact that everybody likes him, or considers him to be no threat to them. Everybody in the Small Council (Varys included I think) is more powerful and influential than Littlefinger at this point. Yes, Littlefinger has his men in the treasury and stuff, but he is still technically the smallest of lords, and should, say, Renly, Varys, and Pycelle deciding to ally to get him fired, they would easily succeed. And without being the Master of Coin Littlefinger would be nothing. Until he becomes Lord of Harrenhal and marries Lysa, his position was not really secure, and the all the power he had only temporary.
796	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-19	The dialogue actually makes Littlefinger much more of an asshole than he actually is. 'To his face we call him 'Lord Eunuch'' is the kind of joke he makes, but he does not insult him by inclining he might be a pederast, or making fun about the possible location of his balls. He really seems to provoke Varys into lashing back at him, and I'm not sure that Varys could be provoked into doing that. Nor am I certain that Littlefinger would dare insult/threaten people like Renly or Varys. He and his career is dependent on the fact that everybody likes him, or considers him to be no threat to them. Everybody in the Small Council (Varys included I think) is more powerful and influential than Littlefinger at this point. Yes, Littlefinger has his men in the treasury and stuff, but he is still technically the smallest of lords, and should, say, Renly, Varys, and Pycelle deciding to ally to get him fired, they would easily succeed. And without being the Master of Coin Littlefinger would be nothing. Until he becomes Lord of Harrenhal and marries Lysa, his position was not really secure, and the all the power he had only temporary.I agree, Littlefinger should act/look like a cute kitten who keeps everyone happy with his skills in providing the throne with enough gold. The show looks like its trying to moderate the amount of tension and shock come post-Robert incidents.
					
					
							Edited by The Bare Hand, 19 May 2011 - 10:19 AM.
797	Snow White	2011-05-19	I don't have a problem with Renly showing a softer side in private, but I was very surprised that he balked at the sight of blood, since any guy who trained as a knight would have gotten his fair share of cuts.It didn't appear to me that he was balking at the sight of blood. I thought he was just surprised that his lover had cut him to make a point.I think it's amusing that people spend so much time debating the sword fighting. In reading and watching, fight scenes bore the crap out of me. Really they could all be about 2 seconds and I would be happy.That would be fairly realistic as well. Probably not the best television, though.The fight between Jaime and Ned was disappointing to me because the moves they were using aren't the kind of moves you should expect from someone of Jaime's caliber. I used the term: chopping, in the other thread because that's what all their moves were, and they're fighting with double edged swords not axes, they should be stabbing and slicing every once in a while.There were a couple stabs, albeit all at the head. I'm not sure how you'd tell the difference between a 'chop' and a 'slice' when they don't connect/are parried. (I'm assuming by 'slice' you mean a draw-cut.)There was some mis-direction in the attacks by Jory and Jaimie (but not Ned, that I saw. Honest man and all that.) Yeah, the locked swords was a bit long, but it's TV. We've got to see them in the clench for a bit.
798	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-19	The dialogue actually makes Littlefinger much more of an asshole than he actually is. 'To his face we call him 'Lord Eunuch'' is the kind of joke he makes, but he does not insult him by inclining he might be a pederast, or making fun about the possible location of his balls. He really seems to provoke Varys into lashing back at him, and I'm not sure that Varys could be provoked into doing that. Nor am I certain that Littlefinger would dare insult/threaten people like Renly or Varys. He and his career is dependent on the fact that everybody likes him, or considers him to be no threat to them. Everybody in the Small Council (Varys included I think) is more powerful and influential than Littlefinger at this point. Yes, Littlefinger has his men in the treasury and stuff, but he is still technically the smallest of lords, and should, say, Renly, Varys, and Pycelle deciding to ally to get him fired, they would easily succeed. And without being the Master of Coin Littlefinger would be nothing. Until he becomes Lord of Harrenhal and marries Lysa, his position was not really secure, and the all the power he had only temporary.Littlefinger makes himself seem like he's not a threat although I don't think the smart people buy that anyway. Tyrion notices that Littlefinger is dangerous very quickly and the others have had much more time to figure that out so it's basically impossible that Varys doesn't know that. It would also probably take a lot to get him removed because he's succeeded far better in his position than anyone else, to the point where the king basically can't afford to lose him so something big would have to happen. Varys is probably less secure in terms of his functional position, despite how good he is at it.
799	Lord Varys	2011-05-19	Tyrion only suspects Littlefinger after he ends up in the Vale of Arryn, and learns that he does so due to a tale Littlefinger supposedly told Catelyn. Everyone would suspect him to be a rather mean guy after that. Before that, he did not suspect him of anything. Of course, Varys most likely looked through Littlefinger's masquerade, but he would not show that, and Littlefinger would continue to be all nice and harmless with him, even if he knew that Varys knew that he was not ;-).
And messing with Renly - well, he is the King's brother, it would be a very bad idea to make him not like you.
But I gather the Renly in the series is supposed to be more honest and idealistic than the book Renly. The book-Renly and Littlefinger were friends in my opinion, and Littlefinger most likely believed - as Loras does in series and books - that Renly would be the best possible successor to Robert.
The series-Renly likely dislikes Littlefinger for being the man he is. A guy with no morals whatsoever.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 19 May 2011 - 01:41 PM.
800	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-19	Tyrion only suspects Littlefinger after he ends up in the Vale of Arryn, and learns that he does so due to a tale Littlefinger supposedly told Catelyn. Everyone would suspect him to be a rather mean guy after that. Before that, he did not suspect him of anything. Of course, Varys most likely looked through Littlefinger's masquerade, but he would not show that, and Littlefinger would continue to be all nice and harmless with him, even if he knew that Varys knew that he was not ;-).And messing with Renly - well, he is the King's brother, it would be a very bad idea to make him not like you.But I gather the Renly in the series is supposed to be more honest and idealistic than the book Renly. The book-Renly and Littlefinger were friends in my opinion, and Littlefinger most likely believed - as Loras does in series and books - that Renly would be the best possible successor to Robert.The series-Renly likely dislikes Littlefinger for being the man he is. A guy with no morals whatsoever.I doubt Tyrion was in any position to suspect Littlefinger for anything since he had nothing to do with the matters of court. You're right in that Tyrion of course had the whole dagger story as evidence that Littlefinger is what he is but I don't think he would have trusted Littlefinger anyway, given that he doesn't trust anyone at court when he plays the role of the Hand (nor do I think anyone else at court trusts any of the others), even less given what Littlefinger did to Eddard.As for messing with Renly, I don't see that as anything that would ruin much. It's hardly as Renly's sexual preference is perfectly kept secret and I'd suspect it would just be treated as a time where the joking got a bit too far. I think Renly would only act if Littlefinger actually tried to blackmail him or something, but it's of course nothing more than my speculations. As for Littlefinger and Renly being friends, I only think Littlefinger has friends that further him towards his ultimate goal.I guess the point is that I don't think the changes of the show in this matter affects the grander things much.
801	Abaddon	2011-05-19	Am I the only one who felt that the scene between Varys and Littlefinger was awfull? It was a stupid and childish confrontantion. I really do not see the need of that scene. The dialogue is not that great. It does not help the development of the story. What's the point adding things if they do not improove the storytelling.Personally, I loved it.  YMMV.
802	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-19	Tyrion only suspects Littlefinger after he ends up in the Vale of Arryn, and learns that he does so due to a tale Littlefinger supposedly told Catelyn. Everyone would suspect him to be a rather mean guy after that. Before that, he did not suspect him of anything. Of course, Varys most likely looked through Littlefinger's masquerade, but he would not show that, and Littlefinger would continue to be all nice and harmless with him, even if he knew that Varys knew that he was not ;-).And messing with Renly - well, he is the King's brother, it would be a very bad idea to make him not like you.But I gather the Renly in the series is supposed to be more honest and idealistic than the book Renly. The book-Renly and Littlefinger were friends in my opinion, and Littlefinger most likely believed - as Loras does in series and books - that Renly would be the best possible successor to Robert.The series-Renly likely dislikes Littlefinger for being the man he is. A guy with no morals whatsoever.Why do you assume the series Renly dislikes Littlefinger? Unless I missed something on tv. I took the joust scene as something two friendly, if not exactly friends, people joking around with each other. You don't make bets with people you dislike and throw in comments like "maybe you can buy yourself a friend" and smile about it. I thought Littlefingers retort was a touch on the blatant side, but perhaps we are supposed to believe that not everyone is focusing on their conversation, much like the LF and Sansa conversation about the Hound.
803	DurararaFTW	2011-05-19	I doubt Tyrion was in any position to suspect Littlefinger for anything since he had nothing to do with the matters of court.I coulda sworn early in Game of thrones it was said Tyrion had some kind of position on the kings council (not the actual small council)
804	Lord Varys	2011-05-19	Well, Renly's comment sounded a little too true to me, and it was supposed to reveal something about Littlefinger - the fact that he truly has no friends, and that his talk to Cat might most likely have been just talk. And the way Renly said it, and the way Littlefinger reacted to it seemed more on a not so friendly basis. At least no on the level of friendliness I'd expect of them.
It's quite different when he later asks what Varys and Littlefinger are plotting. There it is a friendly joke, and none of them acts weird and starts to ask Renly what he has done since they last saw each other.
And then there is the fact that the interview with the actor and the writers indicated that Renly is really supposed to be a nice good-hearted guy. He does what is necessary to protect the Realm and his family (that's why he goes along with the Dany murder plot), but he does not feel good about these things. He does not like to fight wars or kill innocent. So it makes not that much sense that he should be really close to a person like Littlefinger.
Littlefinger staring at the Iron Throne is more than ominous as well. It's more than a nod to the thing he truly wants in the end (and if he does not want to sit personally in it, he wants what it represents, i.e. power and control over Westeros).
I think you really get to much clues that Littlefinger is not really that trustworthy and a somewhat unsavory character. The whole thing about the fresh corpses did not let him appear sane/friendly/nice at all. That should not be the case. At least not to this extent.
Before ACoK Tyrion is only brother to the Queen. He is a courtier, if he cares to attend the court (which he most likely did at least since Joffrey's 12th name day), but he holds neither official office (on the Small Council or somewhere else in the administration) nor title. This might be somewhat irritating, as Tyrion really falls in love with power way too quick in ACoK to be entirely uninterested in theses things. And although Cersei does not like Tyrion very much, one could actually expect her to press Robert to find a position for her brother on the Small Council.
805	Wunhopkuendo	2011-05-19	I guess I have to disagree with you about the jousting conversation. It looked like a couple of buddies joking around. I could easily see my friends and I doing something similar. 
I don't understand the "too much clues" part about Littlefinger. I pegged him as what he was the first time I ever read AGoT, and at least by the third time we meet him. He isn't really all that complicated of a figure to figure out. Not really trustworthy and unsavory would be a good enough description.
806	Lord Varys	2011-05-19	I watched it again, and you are right. The jousting conversation really shows buddies, not. Renly seems more annoyed that Littlefinger got the upper hand in the end, than really pissed about him mentioning his relationship to Loras.
As to Littlefinger's game, you can find him unsavory in the books, but he is never portrayed as an outright criminal. I for my part thought that his past with the Catelyn should him make more or less a Stark ally, and I really remember telling a friend who had already read the books when I started reading, that Littlefinger would have no motive to betray Ned. I really fell for the Lannister contra Stark scenario in the book, and as Littlefinger is such a little man, I did not take him seriously.
And when he betrayed Ned, I never understood why he did it. First, I thought had bought him, being rich and all, or that he had been always a Lannister crony. It took really ASoS and his involvement in Joffrey's murder that made me consider him a really dangerous guy. And I really grasped only most/all of the things going on underneath after a reread.
807	wandarah	2011-05-19	I guess I have to disagree with you about the jousting conversation. It looked like a couple of buddies joking around. I could easily see my friends and I doing something similar. Eh? No way dude. They're obviously having real digs at each other.
808	Cyclone49	2011-05-19	A very good episode, quite a few more deviations from the book and added scenes but I felt most of them worked very well in terms of developing the characters and imparting information that was otherwise only available in internal monologues. Focusing mostly on Tyrion/Cat and the King's Landing plotlines helped it breathe a lot more too. Unlike some, I didn't really have any problem with the Cersei/Robert conversation - I could easily imagine something like this taking place in the books, even if Lena Headley's interpretation of Cersei seems rather different.
Well, we're halfway through the first season now, and I'm really impressed by just how good this has been so far (and we arn't even up to the really good parts of the first book yet!). There have been a few little things here and there that have bugged me, but overall they've done a brilliant job of both faithfully adapting the mammoth source material (both in terms of the actual events on screen and the general mood and feel of the series/world/characters/etc) and making a damn good TV show at the same time.
There's really only one thing that I really don't like so far: what the hell are they doing to The Hound!? The guy playing him certainly looks the part, but there's barely a hint of the savage, terrifying, tortured soul from novels. His drunken speech to Sansa about knighthood and the way of life in Westeros was, IMO, one of the most important parts of the first book, one of those moments where you see just how different this is from other fantasy novels, as well as setting up his own character arc.
809	Balefont	2011-05-20	To the crazy cat people: I watched the ep again last night and noticed the cat Arya was chasing did not appear to be the same cat from the first cat-chasing shot.  The cat she chased to the dragon skull area appeared to be scrawny and black.  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
810	oneeye	2011-05-20	I think Littlefinger in the book is too complicated for the tv show, and they are making him a more straight forward bad guy on TV. In the TV show we just know he is on the small council, clever, nasty but cool, and keeping the crown from going bankrupt. We don't really  need to focus on his precarious status. 
I thought both cats Arya was chasing were gray tabbies.
811	Arrogant Bastard	2011-05-20	Just thought I'd mention that HBO On Demand has a special feature about the tournament. Oddly, when Gemma Jackson the production designer is talking about the banners they show a clip of Sansa and Arya at the tournament with Arya complaining about how the Swyft banner is stupid because its a rooster. This was certainly not in the show, makes me wonder if they saved some scenes to use in LOTR style extended edition to promote the dvd or at least to advertise deleted scenes.
812	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-20	Just thought I'd mention that HBO On Demand has a special feature about the tournament. Oddly, when Gemma Jackson the production designer is talking about the banners they show a clip of Sansa and Arya at the tournament with Arya complaining about how the Swyft banner is stupid because its a rooster. This was certainly not in the show, makes me wonder if they saved some scenes to use in LOTR style extended edition to promote the dvd or at least to advertise deleted scenes.We can always hope, but it's quite common that filmed scenes don't make it into the finished series/film. To make a new cut of the episodes would make the creation of the DVD/BD box much more time consuming and expensive so I certainly wouldn't count on it, but as said, there's always hope.
813	Xenophon	2011-05-20	We can always hope, but it's quite common that filmed scenes don't make it into the finished series/film. To make a new cut of the episodes would make the creation of the DVD/BD box much more time consuming and expensive so I certainly wouldn't count on it, but as said, there's always hope.I seem to remember reading somewhere that on of the reasons why HBO was confident about the series' financial viability was that LOTR etc. had demonstrated that nerds will buy DVD/BluRays with bonus features.  That probably just means including deleted scenes as extra features, but I wouldn't be shocked if they also decided to make a "special edition" with the deleted scenes spliced in.
814	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-21	If they do the tower of joy scene or the house of the undying they will sell a lot.
815	TerraPrime	2011-05-21	In fact, it is considered bad form in a Chinese sword fight to touch blades at all, but doing that in a movie would be heralded as unrealistic and too "matrix-like". Then I guess all the wuxia novels of all ages have all gotten it wrong. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
816	Hollandia	2011-05-21	I generally liked the Varys - Littlefinger scene. A TV show is different than the book, and I don't mind seeing some extra scenes that were not in the books. The TV shows miss the POV's of the lead characters and this compensates for it I guess. 
I've read somewhere that the producers of GOT know some of the endings of the overall Asoiaf-series. I wonder how this affects some of the decisions they make in adding/deleting scenes.
My suspicion:
	Spoiler  I strongly suspect we will see a clash between Littlefinger and Varys later on in the serie. At the very least they will play a huge role beyond a FfC.
817	gullyfoyle	2011-05-21	JAIME POV: "Amongst the living, Greatjon Umber was stronger, Strongboar of Crakehall most likely, both Cleganes for a certainty. The Mountain's strength was like nothing human. It did not matter. With speed and skill, Jaime could beat them all."
Thanks for posting this. I was trying to remember exactly who Jaime said was stronger than him. Of course, strength isn't everything, fighting skill is even more important. Not sure how much of that you can get from tournaments...trying to take someone down in a tournament is different than trying to kill them, even if there were plenty of wounds and even deaths in tournaments in medieval times.
This was definitely the best episode for battles so far, but overall it was my least favorite due to the scenes with Renly/Loras and Littlefinger/Varys. Some worthwhile exposition in those, but the gay sex and talk of sex with little boys, amputees and corpses was very off-putting. Someone mentioned HBO making their "quota" with those scenes and I've had the same problem with HBO before (e.g. True Blood) -- sex and violence that detracts from rather than aiding the story.
Count me as one who liked the Jaime/Ned fight. I don't think we can assume Ned has rarely raised a sword since Robert's and Balon Greyjoy's rebellions. The North is a dangerous place. There are wildlings who climb over the Wall for raids, occasional reavers from the Iron Islands despite the truce, maybe restless bannermen who need to be put down from time to time.
I liked the mountain clan attack scene too, except for the very end. Bronn, a mercenary of vast experience, sticks his sword covered with blood and who knows what else back in the scabbard without even cleaning it?  And when there's so many convenient bodies to wipe it off on? It's a little thing I know, but it took me out of the moment.
The tournament. Yes, HBO Could have shown a few more jousts, or a melee, and more crowds and pageantry. Perhaps it was a budget decision, but there are plenty of fans who'd have appearted as extrass for free. Unless that's against union rules or something. The fight between Sandor and Gregor Clegane looked fine, people don't move at lightning speed with big swords and heavy armor, even if your strength is like nothing human. 
Other standout scenes were the Robert and Cersei breakfast discussion. Mostly because the actors are good, but it does make sense that they'd reach an accommodation and have occasional civil conversations after 17 years of marriage. And Arya wandering through the crypts of the castle and hiding in the mighty dragon's skull (I even thought she might be permanently separated when the guards didn't let her in). And the great pullout when Tyrion looks over the edge of the sky cell.
I signed up with HBO specifically to watch this show, because I'm a big fan of the books and it's an incredible rarity to see a fantasy show tht's not aimed at kids. Will proably keep watching for the rest of the series, but then cancel my subsciption til next year.
818	Queen Dorothea	2011-05-21	This guy called Robert Boake, who is one of the production designers and has just been talking about the tournament in said production video, has an almost absurdly sexy voice, I always feel a little weird inside when he speaks... is it just me?
Well, Bryan Cogman said in his interview he was gathering stuff for the bluray.. so hey.
819	Abaddon	2011-05-21	[...] but the gay sex and talk of sex with little boys, amputees and corpses was very off-puttingFair enough; I find it extremely off-putting that you include the first with the others as if they are remotely the same thing.
820	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-21	I misread something, Im butting out /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by AquariumDrinker, 21 May 2011 - 03:58 PM.
821	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-21	Thread has reached the limit. Closing.
822	Ran	2011-05-15	Book spoiler discussion of the episode, titled "The Wolf and the Lion", when it's available. Please don't post before then.
823	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	here we go...
824	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	did they add a few more 'workings' to the Kings Landing part of the prologue??
I don't remember the sept there before
825	King's Landing	2011-05-15	yes.  So looking forward to this.
826	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	Barristan gets a name, a little bit of exposition...
827	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	more Lancel and his pretty hat
828	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	no mystery w/ the Loras and Renly plotline
829	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	fuck you, TimeWarner Cable. I just missed 3 minutes of the show because it randomly switched over to some other shitty show. /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
Well, it's back now and we have ambushes.
830	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	impressed w/ the hill tribe battle.
I had forgotten the "I'm willing if she is line"  love it
831	Tempra	2011-05-15	Loras looks.....funny.  Wasn't he supposed to be very good looking?
832	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	more ROZ!!
833	King's Landing	2011-05-15	LOL.  Ayra catching cats.
834	kairparavel	2011-05-15	Loras looks.....funny.  Wasn't he supposed to be very good looking?He looks like he might not have bathed in a fortnight or ten among other things.He's very not dreamy.
835	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	dragon skulls!!
836	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	Vardis looks harder than I imagined him.I was expecting him to be older; that it would be obvious he was mismatched against Bronn
837	word	2011-05-15	Bronn is already awesome.
838	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	I want to see him fly!!
839	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	I want to see the bad man fly
840	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	HAWT
shaving.
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 15 May 2011 - 08:41 PM.
841	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	Yep,
definitely not playing the gay angle subtly are they
842	kairparavel	2011-05-15	Well, they got the crazy right in Lysa and her son. So there's that.
843	SwordoftheMorning	2011-05-15	A skinny Lysa with big well-formed tits. Things that make ya go hmmmmmmmmmmm
ETA: if the Peta clowns had an issue with the death of of Lady, the Mountain's killing of that horse is gonna drive them completely batshit.
					
					
							Edited by SwordoftheMorning, 15 May 2011 - 08:47 PM.
844	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	we hear the name Stannis, he DOES exist
845	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	that was a great scene between cersei and robert
846	SwordoftheMorning	2011-05-15	Not liking the touchy, feely Cersei/Robert interaction. Not one bit
847	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	couple interesting added scenes there
different take on the Renly/Loras dynamic
848	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	Jory /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
849	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	that played out a little differently, but I guess the end result is about the same
850	SwordoftheMorning	2011-05-15	oh shit ... that fight was EPIC.
851	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Oh, such a good episode! There was so much I loved about it!
852	King's Landing	2011-05-15	Awesome episode.  The fight scenes were great.  I liked the added scenes that were not in the book.
853	Starkess	2011-05-15	Wow, no subtlety to the Renly/Loras story! And yeah, Loras is NOT doing it for me.
Didn't like the Cersei/Robert scene AT ALL.
Jory!!!
FUCK the Lannisters.
Lysa is scary crazy, love it!
854	Aoife	2011-05-15	Nooooo. Must have more GoT now!
Liked a lot of the changes, but the stuff I didn't like I really didn't like. LF's quip in public at the tourney and the played-up foppish stereotypes for Renly and Loras in particular.
855	Tempra	2011-05-15	Loras was lame.
Jaime = the shit.
Rest was meh.  Weakest episode of the series.
					
					
							Edited by Tempra, 15 May 2011 - 08:59 PM.
856	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	I liked the added scenes that were not in the book.Me too, with each scene though, I originally thought "oh this is strange," because it was not in the books (particularly with the Varys/Littlefinger and Robert/Cersei scenes) but then both scenes added a lot to the episode and the general show, I thought.
857	End of Disc One	2011-05-15	Loras was lame.Jaime = the shit.Rest was meh.  Weakest episode of the series.Really?  I thought this was BY FAR the best episode yet.  Not even close.
858	CelticCail	2011-05-15	JOORRRRYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  *cries*  Not that the scene was at ALL what it was in the book, but still touching and had me holding my breath. 
I'm loving Varys more, still love Petyr.  
That Loras/Renly scene was absolutely over the top.  I mean, half the people I know didn't even know they were gay (and together) from reading the books so I just heard a collective "WTF" from people that aren't die-hard fans but read the book.  I am not a fan of the open portrayal (and Queer as Folk is my favorite show ever, lol).  
The Cersei/Robert scene was pathetic; I am HATING how they are portraying Cersei, like awww, poor Cersei.  Screw that.  
Lysa should be fat but her dynamic with "Robin" is perfect.  
LOVE Bronn.  
They needed to do more with the tourney but whatever.  
Overall, good episode, but nothing like the last one.
859	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	Loras was lame.Jaime = the shit.Rest was meh.  Weakest episode of the series.Going to have to strongly disagree there. This episode had several hell yeah moments and some great exposition and a nice cliffhanger ending for the non book read.
860	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	Loved it!  So intense, I couldn't move, sat frozen, glued for a solid hour.
Wonder about child actors and what they can and can't have them doing...  I mean, Lysa and Sweetrobin and that big swollen breast..  GAAAKKKK.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
861	legba11	2011-05-15	Wow!  On first watch that may have been the best single episode of TV I've seen since Season 2 of Deadwood!
I can't wait to see the Gay Renly and Loras meltdowns.
862	House Snow	2011-05-15	I'm not sure how I feel about this episode.  I think I am going to have to watch it again.  Add my name to the list that more subtlety to the Renly/Loras angle would have been better  Thought th Eyre scene was really good though. Exactly how I pictured it.  The little kid did a really good job.
863	JSpin13	2011-05-15	Varys/Littlefinger scene was AWESOME!
Loras was awful
864	CelticCail	2011-05-15	that was a great scene between cersei and robertUm.  Not if you're a fan of, you know, what actually happened in the books.
865	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	The only thing I didn't like was LF's quip to Renly at the joust. Otherwise, I enjoyed the episode.  
Lysa and Sweetrobin are pleasingly creeeeeeptastic.
866	adamsputnik	2011-05-15	I quite liked this episode - a lot more than last week's, which I found sluggish. I am not really sure about the Renly characterisation though - I thought he was supposed to be a fairly martial kind of guy in spite of his dandy-ish nature. He just comes off as a bit of a prig in this episode. Hard to see him getting an army behind him.
Sad end to Jory. It all seemed rather sudden there!
867	herkles	2011-05-15	I liked this episode, they mentioned stannis and hinted at the fact that renly will become one of the kings vying for the crown later which is good.  Lysa and the eryie was awesome, I loved the crazyness. the hill tribes were cool, as was the fight at the end.
What I wish was that there was more of the tournment; though I must admit I did love the fight between ser gregor and the hound.
868	So1ar	2011-05-15	so that's what theon's dick looks like. the renly/loras scene was a little...odd. i liked pretty much everything else though. the ending was really cool and the shots of the eyrie were amazing.
869	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	JOORRRRYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  *cries*  Not that the scene was at ALL what it was in the book, but still touching and had me holding my breath. I'm loving Varys more, still love Petyr.  That Loras/Renly scene was absolutely over the top.  I mean, half the people I know didn't even know they were gay (and together) from reading the books so I just heard a collective "WTF" from people that aren't die-hard fans but read the book.  I am not a fan of the open portrayal (and Queer as Folk is my favorite show ever, lol).  The Cersei/Robert scene was pathetic; I am HATING how they are portraying Cersei, like awww, poor Cersei.  Screw that.  Lysa should be fat but her dynamic with "Robin" is perfect.  LOVE Bronn.  They needed to do more with the tourney but whatever.  Overall, good episode, but nothing like the last one.I have a theory that they're making her more sympathetic so that when it's revealed that her kids are Jaime's AND she killed her first born AND she has the rest of Robert's bastards put to death it really flips the switch on her.
870	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	That Loras/Renly scene was absolutely over the top.  I mean, half the people I know didn't even know they were gay (and together) from reading the books so I just heard a collective "WTF" from people that aren't die-hard fans but read the book.I had a good laugh about that during the episode.  Thinking there are many readers who are thinking "That was not in the book!!" I thought this one was, by far, the best episode.  None of the others even come close for me.
871	Anomandaris86	2011-05-15	So, Renly's definitely gay. They really left no doubt in this episode. I wonder if there's going to be other times down the road where the TV show confirms some things for us that are still up in the air in the books.
Is that a good idea? I'm not sure myself.
					
					
							Edited by Anomandaris86, 15 May 2011 - 09:21 PM.
872	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	the scenes from the book were all excellent for me.
-loved the fight w/ the mountain clans
-the Sandor/ Gregor fight was very nice as well, although I would still say that a bigger crowd would add a lot.
-Lysa wasn't what I pictured, but I liked that scene and she came off right, also liked the sky cells and little Robert.  I wonder what was involved to get approval for a kid that age to be breast feeding
- also liked Arya chasing cats and finding the dragon skulls; having us see Illyria and Varys though kills a little of the suspense we had in the book
the added scenes were a mixed bag in my opinion
-Varys/Littlefinger seemed a little overdone.... LF really getting set up as the mastermind it appears
-Robert/Cersei- scene was good, but really presenting Cersei differently than what we got in Book1
- Renly and Loras didn't work for me.    I liked the innuendo in the book.
873	Arataniello	2011-05-15	OK, this was the first episode where I was impressed.  There was ACTION, instead of just characters talking to one another in static groups.  Plenty of actual gore - the horse head, the fight on the way to the Eyrie, the fight at the end.  
The shots of Tyrion in the skycell was the first time I actually got a feeling of "oh wow - they have managed to capture the sense of imagination" that I got when reading the books for the first time.  
Lysa was a bit too thin and drawn - she is supposed to be bulging and sagging, as described when Sansa and Cat both see her (spearately) for the first time.
I thought that these scenes that were added (Varys and Littlefinger; Cersei and Robert) seemed to actually work in that they added a little bit of nuance to everything.  Loras and Renly manscaping - not so much.  Plus, Loras suggesting to Renly that he could be king - is that from the books?  Maybe there was a throwaway comment by another character about it?
Bran and Luwin was a nice little scene, plus it gave the producers a chance to work in some more of the background.
874	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	Um.  Not if you're a fan of, you know, what actually happened in the books.True, I'm not someone with a stick up their arse, if that's what you mean. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
875	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Um.  Not if you're a fan of, you know, what actually happened in the books.Not exactly.  I liked the scene, even though seeing the two of them discussing strategy was weird, but seeing them just mutually talk about how much they hate each other was good, I thought.  Also, having Robert tell Cersei that it never would have worked and Lyanna was all he ever wanted, did a lot to help people understand the dynamics of their relationship, I think. That is assuming Cersei is lying about losing their son.  If they actually lost a son, and she didn't kill it, then I will hate that scene.
876	Trebla	2011-05-15	I was rather surprised about Lysa breastfeeding. I really didnt think they would show it. They did. This show doesn't eff around.
I also liked the added scenes, especially the Bran and Maester Lewin scene. Houses, banners, house mottos. We saw Theon the archer and a very bitter Bran.
Okay, the one secene that completely floored me was Littlefinger blackmailing Varys with the knowledge of Illyrio. Wow. You know, LF says in the book that he had Varys by the "balls". 
 A Redwyne likes  boys?
Confirmation Cersei wasnt lying about her first boy. And I loved the line that Cersei speaks Tywin's words. Perhaps she has just been parroting what he writes her.
877	koifishkid	2011-05-15	Loved it!  So intense, I couldn't move, sat frozen, glued for a solid hour.Wonder about child actors and what they can and can't have them doing...  I mean, Lysa and Sweetrobin and that big swollen breast..  GAAAKKKK.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Yeah, I thought the same thing--eek!
878	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Wonder about child actors and what they can and can't have them doing...  I mean, Lysa and Sweetrobin and that big swollen breast..  GAAAKKKK.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Yeah, that can't have been real.  It was way too creepy to just watch, imagine that poor child actor.
879	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-15	Um.  Not if you're a fan of, you know, what actually happened in the books.I am 100% with X-RayThis is NOT the booksIt was amazing!!!!
880	CelticCail	2011-05-15	I had a good laugh about that during the episode.  Thinking there are many readers who are thinking "That was not in the book!!" Haha, seriously.  I made a joke to my husband during that scene saying "Well, if THAT had been in the book, everyone would've gotten it.... "  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
881	IheartTesla	2011-05-15	"We prayed together" became "We shaved together". A simple transcription error, happens all the time in written texts.
					
					
							Edited by cyrano, 15 May 2011 - 09:13 PM.
882	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	"We prayed together" became "We shaved together". A simple transciption error, happens all the time in written texts./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />The Common Tongue is a treacherous one.
883	Arataniello	2011-05-15	The first thing that flashed into my mind when saw Ser Loras up close was that it was Stuart Townshend in whichever terrible movie adaptation of an Anne Rice vampire novel he was in.  Definitely not how I pictured him from reading the books.
884	End of Disc One	2011-05-15	Yeah, these kind of people are the worst
885	Arataniello	2011-05-15	/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />The Common Tongue is a treacherous one.Nevertheless, Loras seemed to be able to get his tongue around it  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
886	Eve	2011-05-15	Loved it!  So intense, I couldn't move, sat frozen, glued for a solid hour.Wonder about child actors and what they can and can't have them doing...  I mean, Lysa and Sweetrobin and that big swollen breast..  GAAAKKKK.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />That is exactly what went through my mind!  But it was wonderfully creepy.  If Lysa were a little plumper, the whole scene was, for me, just like the book.  Creepy! Not fond of the Loras/Renly scene, but loved the Hound and his brother's fight.  Can't wait for more of Sandor.  And Arya...that girl is fantastic!I have to edit to add that every scene that Sean Bean is in is amazing.
					
					
							Edited by Eve, 15 May 2011 - 09:18 PM.
887	legba11	2011-05-15	I liked the added scenes of Robert/Cersei and Luwin/Bran.
It was nice to see Robert and Cersei as human beings as opposed to fairly one-dimensional characters they are in the first book.  They clearly wanted to give the audience a clear reason for Cersei to finally off Robert.  She wanted to talk to him one last time and see if she was doing the right thing. It also establishes her very average scheming ability.  She sees Ned's departure as the perfect time to do this, when in reality Ned would be a perfect hand for her Joffery.  He would do a good job, give the throne credibility and stability and he is not playing on the same level as the schemers, so they could easily act behind his back.  
Loras should be built better if we are to buy him as a premier warrior.  He was built like a boy.
888	Lifendz	2011-05-15	Not sure why they felt the need to make Renly and Loras gay. I understand you gotta deviate from the book in some respects, but this just felt contrived.
889	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	I hated the Cersei/Robert scene but the episode was so much win I don't care.
Bronn is the best.
And Ned is a heartless bastard.  Jory was enjoying some breast in the last moments of his life before he gets an eyefull of dagger and Ned had to cut him off.  WTF Ned?
890	CelticCail	2011-05-15	True, I'm not someone with a stick up their arse, if that's what you mean. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />No, I just meant a fan of the actual book GRRM wrote.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
891	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	I think the only reason Loras looks a little weird, is that horrible wig.  Finn Jones, the actor who plays him, should have been allowed to keep his natural hair, maybe just grow it out a little bit.  The curly, brown hair would have fit Loras much better, I think.
892	legba11	2011-05-15	Most people think they are gay in the books too.  Not going to outline that theory here.
893	Aoife	2011-05-15	Not sure why they felt the need to make Renly and Loras gay. I understand you gotta deviate from the book in some respects, but this just felt contrived.I really hope this is a joke, but in this subforum I'm just never sure.... /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
894	Lifendz	2011-05-15	I think the only reason Loras looks a little weird, is that horrible wig.  Finn Jones, the actor who plays him, should have been allowed to keep his natural hair, maybe just grow it out a little bit.  The curly, brown hair would have fit Loras much better, I think.Agreed. And would it have killed them to get an actor that isn't built like a 10 year old boy.
895	banditry	2011-05-15	Not sure why they felt the need to make Renly and Loras gay. I understand you gotta deviate from the book in some respects, but this just felt contrived.umm... they are gay in the books too
896	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Not sure why they felt the need to make Renly and Loras gay. I understand you gotta deviate from the book in some respects, but this just felt contrived.It's in the books, brother. Explore the forums and the wiki a bit /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
897	Arataniello	2011-05-15	Not sure why they felt the need to make Renly and Loras gay. I understand you gotta deviate from the book in some respects, but this just felt contrived.Ummmm.......I can't tell if you are trolling or not.  Since this is your first post, and it appears that you have read the books, I am undecided.I would suggest reading some more of the forums to get some hints about what happens in the books.
898	israfel070	2011-05-15	Can't waaaiiit to watch this one tonight!!! I'm following reactions on Twitter and dying to go home. Apparently the Jory scene did not occur in the rain with Jaime laughing... that's one of the vivid book scenes I had wanted to see done fairly faithfully :-/
So, tell me what you thought about the dragon skulls scene! Is it good? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
899	makotohanabi	2011-05-15	Wondered if they could show Lysa nursing Sweetrobin, but was glad they could. It really shows how pathetic/crazy she is. They also made him a massive brat. 
Knew Jory's death scene was coming, but it was just gross and sad. Jory is one of my favorite bannermen. 
Thought the Loras-Renly relationship would be a bit subtle, but then I remembered this is HBO. 
Disappointed about the lack of Dany and Jon, but liked the scene of Arya hunting cats in the dungeon.
900	Trebla	2011-05-15	I thought the Loras/Renly scene was good. It introduced more than just manscaping. It introduced Stannis. It introduced the Tyrells. It also hinted at Renly and Loras' ambition. In the book, we knew they were scheming to being Maergary to court. For tv purposes, this was better.
901	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	Most people think they are gay in the books too.  Not going to outline that theory here.It's not a theory.  GRRM confirmed it.  Anyone who doesn't realize that Loras and Renly are gay just don't know how to read closely.
902	CelticCail	2011-05-15	That is assuming Cersei is lying about losing their son.  If they actually lost a son, and she didn't kill it, then I will hate that scene.Fair enough.  I keep assuming they're making her honest and they're making that actually have happened.  If they do turn it around, then she's potentially even MORE horrible than in the books and I'd be 100% cool with that!!!!
903	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	I liked the added scenes of Robert/Cersei and Luwin/Bran.It was nice to see Robert and Cersei as human beings as opposed to fairly one-dimensional characters they are in the first book.  They clearly wanted to give the audience a clear reason for Cersei to finally off Robert.  She wanted to talk to him one last time and see if she was doing the right thing. It also establishes her very average scheming ability.  She sees Ned's departure as the perfect time to do this, when in reality Ned would be a perfect hand for her Joffery.  He would do a good job, give the throne credibility and stability and he is not playing on the same level as the schemers, so they could easily act behind his back.  Loras should be built better if we are to buy him as a premier warrior.  He was built like a boy.This was my exact thought during that scene. When Robert said "No" he just sealed his fate in her mind, and she felt nothing.
904	Stormcreature	2011-05-15	I loved the episode until the end. I loved that whole scene in the book. It was very emotional and dramatic with the rain and Jory. I had a clear vision of it. The HBO version was less dramatic to me and I did not like Lord Stark and the Kingslayer going at it. Maybe because I was worried the creators would give Lannister the upper hand and Lord Stark is my favorite character. I still rate the episode an 8/10.
905	bens	2011-05-15	Most people think they are gay in the books too.  Not going to outline that theory here.It's not a theory. GRRM has confirmed it, a very long time ago (and obviously never would have given the go-ahead on the TV show anyway).
					
					
							Edited by bens, 15 May 2011 - 09:19 PM.
906	Mr Bean	2011-05-15	Not in any real order1. The Tournament went nowhere, no Archer, and Robert wants to fight in the Joust not the Melee, would it have been to hard to simply leave it as it was? I want to fight in the Melee tommorow and why cut Barristan? The Good Cop /Bad Cop thing they had going on was great and it's not like Barristan's actor can't act.2. Our grand total of Jousts was the Mountain VS Sir Dead Guy and the Mountain VS The Knight of Flowers3. The added scene between Bran and Maester Lewin was a good add, we get the words and a map of the Seven Kingdoms plus more Theon development.4. That's Ros the whore with the magic tits? Come on by the build I expected DD's at least from a girl who skipped right out of a hair add. She was not the person we had been lead to believe. Plus I had no idea it was Theon fucking her? I was wondering who the hell was screwing who when the scene started.5. Wow no way to build up the crazy on Lysa's part just oh hey I'm Lysa and I'm crazy nice to meet you6. The TV budget shows we don't get the idea of the hill clans launched multiple attacks on the team and them slowly losing members until here comes the thunder of hooves and hey it's a bunch of knights of the Vale we are saved! Instead it's oh hey lets have a battle and lose half our people then oh hey it's the Knights7. Okay why did we see the fact it was Varies and Illerio, in the books it's left a mystery but now not only do we see them but Littlefinger knew as well. It was better as a mystery but I can see why they did it with the later with the Varys VS Littlefinger Xantos break dance scene8. Loras and Renly, in the books it's only hinted at sideways and obscure, in the show, Oh hi audience, this is me Loras giving Renly a blowjob, don't mind us, cut to Robert!9. The Cersei/Robert scene is well done, some fan reaction hate on that but I LOVED it, you got the feeling these people knew each other for the longest time and had pretty much gone through every trial, she even describes what she's doing as spite. Shame Robert never "honors" her which would have really gotten the point home. But yeah I'm hoping Episode 8 or 9 where it comes out she's been a murdering asshole who kills Roberts bastard's left and right plus his old whores and the like.10. I'm undecided on the Jamie VS Ned scene, I'm not sure I'm happy with the fight choreography but I loved how well Jamie took Jory apart and punched the guardsmen afterwards for breaking up their fight.And 11.I loved the episode until the end. I loved that whole scene in the book. It was very emotional and dramatic with the rain and Jory. I had a clear vision of it. The HBO version was less dramatic to me and I did not like Lord Stark and the Kingslayer going at it. Maybe because I was worried the creators would give Lannister the upper hand and Lord Stark is my favorite character. I still rate the episode an 8/10.Thank you for reminding me11. What a nice SUNNY DAY you got going there?  The rain whole scene would have been much more powerful had the whole square been bathed in rain but I guess they looked at the costs of flooding the area with fake rain VS pretending it was sunny for budget reasons.I'd have pitched in the what extra 50,000$? to rent a rain machine for the afternoon.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Bean, 15 May 2011 - 09:22 PM.
907	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	Not sure why they felt the need to make Renly and Loras gay. I understand you gotta deviate from the book in some respects, but this just felt contrived.Uh, because they are!
908	CelticCail	2011-05-15	Not sure why they felt the need to make Renly and Loras gay. I understand you gotta deviate from the book in some respects, but this just felt contrived.Loras and Renly are indeed gay in the books.  It's not hit-ya-in-the-head obvious, but it's there.
909	Eddard house stark	2011-05-15	this episode was excellent.....except the scene with robert and cersei, the scene with loras and renely and the littlefinger/varys scene. renely is really be portrayed as a weak person not at all like the books
910	Lifendz	2011-05-15	Are you joking or just ill-informed?Ill-informed or just missed what I guess was so obvious to most of you. Now that I think about it, Margarey being a virgin after her wedding night with Renly makes sense now. I guess I didn't pick up on that after reading the books. I did a google search on it and it appears I wasn't alone. I don't follow GRRM interviews so I wasn't aware that he confirmed those characters are gay. Might need to read the books again.
911	Trebla	2011-05-15	Okay, what i REALLY wanna know is which lord is humping corpses??? Thoros of Myr, u dirty dog. Qyburn, what are you up to???
(yes I know they aren't lords)
912	legba11	2011-05-15	For me, if it's not in the material, it's speculation.  I don't care what the creators say post-script. (Does anyone really think George Lucas always had Luke and Leiah being sibs?)  It's not stated in the books, thus it is a theory (to me).  I'm not saying it's not true, I'm saying it's not proven.  They should probably just pop a link to some threads in to forums for this as it's going to blow up in here.
913	AUyushu	2011-05-15	That Loras/Renly scene was absolutely over the top.  I mean, half the people I know didn't even know they were gay (and together) from reading the books so I just heard a collective "WTF" from people that aren't die-hard fans but read the book.  I am not a fan of the open portrayal (and Queer as Folk is my favorite show ever, lol).  I'm sorry, but how the heck could anyone read the entire series and not realize they are gay and together? Jaime and Loras flat out discuss it when Jaime becomes the commander and makes a verbal jab related to it to Loras on another occasion (threatening to bugger him with his sword in places even Renly didn't hit or words to that effect). People really should realize that many things are going to be shown in the series and more in your face that weren't in the book. The only reason we don't see any of that in the books is due to not having a Renly/Loras POV. When you add the visual medium we are going to see many POV chars we don't see in the book. That is the only way they can effectively explain some things, they can't have 5-10 mins of infodump in every episode. That scene showed they were a couple, which in turn will explain how he gets support from the Martells later on, and also puts forward Renly as a possible Game of Thrones King later down the line. It also gives a bit of insight as to who the Martells are and sets them up as a powerful house, showing they are very rich but not quite as rich as the Lannisters. While I don't think Loras or Renly are really enough of pretty boys for the parts, I think the scene itself was done well. The book series always made it seem that Renly and Loras was something most the nobles knew about but just didn't discuss. The only part that really bothered me was Littlefinger's comment, as bringing it into the open like that wouldn't seem like a likely move.
914	legba11	2011-05-15	And for heaven's sake, please stop insulting people just because they don't agree with you.
915	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	For me, if it's not in the material, it's speculation.  I don't care what the creators say post-script. (Does anyone really think George Lucas always had Luke and Leiah being sibs?)  It's not stated in the books, thus it is a theory (to me).  I'm not saying it's not true, I'm saying it's not proven.  They should probably just pop a link to some threads in to forums for this as it's going to blow up in here.Let the canon debates.....commence!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
916	banditry	2011-05-15	For me, if it's not in the material, it's speculation.  I don't care what the creators say post-script. (Does anyone really think George Lucas always had Luke and Leiah being sibs?)  It's not stated in the books, thus it is a theory (to me).  I'm not saying it's not true, I'm saying it's not proven.  They should probably just pop a link to some threads in to forums for this as it's going to blow up in here.It's very clear in the books - it's not speculation.
917	Balefont	2011-05-15	Loras and Renly are indeed gay in the books.  It's not hit-ya-in-the-head obvious, but it's there.Yeah.Uh, Rainbow Guard.  Duh.
918	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	I'm sorry, but how the heck could anyone read the entire series and not realize they are gay and together? Jaime and Loras flat out discuss it when Jaime becomes the commander and makes a verbal jab related to it to Loras on another occasion (threatening to bugger him with his sword in places even Renly didn't hit or words to that effect). People really should realize that many things are going to be shown in the series and more in your face that weren't in the book. The only reason we don't see any of that in the books is due to not having a Renly/Loras POV. When you add the visual medium we are going to see many POV chars we don't see in the book. That is the only way they can effectively explain some things, they can't have 5-10 mins of infodump in every episode. That scene showed they were a couple, which in turn will explain how he gets support from the Martells later on, and also puts forward Renly as a possible Game of Thrones King later down the line. It also gives a bit of insight as to who the Martells are and sets them up as a powerful house, showing they are very rich but not quite as rich as the Lannisters. While I don't think Loras or Renly are really enough of pretty boys for the parts, I think the scene itself was done well. The book series always made it seem that Renly and Loras was something most the nobles knew about but just didn't discuss. The only part that really bothered me was Littlefinger's comment, as bringing it into the open like that wouldn't seem like a likely move.This. Not to mention Loras goes into a lover's rage when Renly dies, slaying fellow members of the Rainbow Guard.
919	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	This was my exact thought during that scene. When Robert said "No" he just sealed his fate in her mind, and she felt nothing.This was my exact thought during that scene, too.That, and I also took the same message away that Mr. Bean did. It's a wonderful arc to their dysfunctional relationship.
920	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-15	this episode was excellent.....except the scene with robert and cersei, the scene with loras and renely and the littlefinger/varys scene. renely is really be portrayed as a weak person not at all like the booksIn the books Renly is "Copper" all shiny and pretty and no substanceI think they are doing ok with this
					
					
							Edited by Lany Cassandra, 15 May 2011 - 09:28 PM.
921	Lannes	2011-05-15	Liked the added scene with Robert and Cersei....though my wife was yelling out, "F**k that lying bitch."  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> 
Didn't mind the overt scene with Renly and Loras, but didn't quite like the characterization of Renly. Thought he was a dandy in the books but never got the sense he was wussy about blood, fighting, etc.... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> 
Squealed like my 5 year old when the Hound stood up to the Mountain. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> 
The only thing I really didn't like was the 500 foot tall Eyrie....though I guess that's picking nits. /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> 
Another great episode all round. /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' />
922	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	And for heaven's sake, please stop insulting people just because they don't agree with you.There's plenty of evidence in the book and GRRM himself said it was true.  Disagree all you want but then you are only reading what you want to read and hearing what you want to hear.  There's a very good reason that you never saw Loras and Renly have sex in the books and its' because they don't have a PoV in the books. It's GRRM's story, not yours.
923	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	And for heaven's sake, please stop insulting people just because they don't agree with you.Who in the world are you talking to?  You keep popping into the thread yelling at.. somebody.  Who?  And for what, exactly?  Strange..
924	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Like Martin said in his interview, in this setting there wasn't even the idea of "homosexuality" so to have anyone actually say Loras or Renly was gay would take us out of the proper setting and throw us into a modern one.  It is very evident in the books, without making it feel forced and applying a modern word.
925	Eve	2011-05-15	Yeah.Uh, Rainbow Guard.  Duh./smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />That was pretty clever of GRRM.
926	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	For me, if it's not in the material, it's speculation.  I don't care what the creators say post-script. (Does anyone really think George Lucas always had Luke and Leiah being sibs?)  It's not stated in the books, thus it is a theory (to me).  I'm not saying it's not true, I'm saying it's not proven.  They should probably just pop a link to some threads in to forums for this as it's going to blow up in here.It IS in the books. Their covert relationship was well-known in King's Landing. Remember Jaime's comment to Loras when he and Brienne arrived in KL in SoS? Jaime said something to the effect of "Drop your weapon or I will stick it someplace even Renly couldn't find." Renly and Loras being gay lovers is canon.
927	CelticCail	2011-05-15	I guess I didn't pick up on that after reading the books.You're not alone.  I didn't get that AT ALL the first time I read the books, and since I didn't want to feel like the only idiot, I asked everyone else I knew that I had read the books and only one out of a dozen got that on the first reading.  Most of the rest of us were like, uh, what?  When you re-read, you'll realize all sorts of things like when you're introduced to Renly, Petyr makes a quip about how he dresses better than half the ladies at court and Loras is described as "fabulous" later on, etc. etc. etc.  I guess the rainbow cloaks was supposed to be the clincher but eh.  Really didn't get it until the second read through then confirming it online, so don't feel too bad.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
928	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	/smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />That was pretty clever of GRRM.As well as, "I'll stick that sword someplace that Renly never found."  Gee I wonder what Jaime could mean by that because it's so vague.
929	Balefont	2011-05-15	It IS in the books. Their covert relationship was well-known in King's Landing. Remember Jaime's comment to Loras when he and Brienne arrived in KL in SoS? Jaime said something to the effect of "Drop your weapon or I will stick it someplace even Renly couldn't find." Renly and Loras being gay lovers is canon.But but but THAT'S JUST YOUR OPINION! /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
930	banditry	2011-05-15	There are numerous very specific references in the books to Renly and Loras having an intense, intimate relationship.   The nature of their relationship is very clear and it's clear to the main characters in the book, as well.
931	madking	2011-05-15	so that's what theon's dick looks like. the renly/loras scene was a little...odd. i liked pretty much everything else though. the ending was really cool and the shots of the eyrie were amazing.theons dick is an integral part of the series
932	Trebla	2011-05-15	The Red Viper on Ser Loras: "Renly's little rose?" Tyrion hiring Renly's cook because she was used to keeping secrets.
It was the worst kept secret in KL.
933	Balefont	2011-05-15	So, in this episode we got some Theon cock and some gay love action.  Diversity FTW!  
I, too, had a total fangirl moment during the Mountain/Loras/Sandor scene.
934	Eve	2011-05-15	theons dick is an integral part of the seriesAnd I certainly hope we see more of it.
935	CelticCail	2011-05-15	I'm sorry, but how the heck could anyone read the entire series and not realize they are gay and together? One person on this thread already admitted to the error, and the same is true for me, my husband, and many others I have asked.  Only one person I know personally got the gay thing on the first read through.  Took me until reading the first book a second time to get it.  *shrug*  I guess many of us just aren't as skilled in critical reading as the rest of us!
936	Lightning Tiger	2011-05-15	You know in the books i never noticed that the Knight of Flowers was supposed to be gay, i also imagined him being more buff seeing as how hes supposed to be a badass.
937	legba11	2011-05-15	I am talking to the two posts which are calling people who don't see them as gay as being ignorant.
I'm not going to get into the whole debate, it's not the forum for it, however saying other posters are stupid is not appropriate no matter how correct you think you are.
938	Starkess	2011-05-15	Renly and Loras being gay definitely IS canon.
But I, like many others, missed it my first read through, I don't think there's any need to be running around saying anyone who didn't know that fails in reading comprehension.
939	mimi	2011-05-15	Yup, it's clear in the books that the guys are gay. GRRM handled it very well. HBO is more blatent but that's ok with me.
Over at WIC.net it's about to get ugly over this. So I came over here. Play nice folks!
Lysa's boob MUST be fake. Please??!!!?
GREAT episode. Loved it! Cerc & Robert scene was fantastic.
But I miss Jon...........
940	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	It seems that the things that differ from the book (especially added scenes) get the most discussion.
I just want to throw out that I really like how they have begun to develop the Tyrion/ Bronn relationship in the small amount of time allotted so far.
It starts w/ the looks we see from Bronn when Tyrion mentions how his father will be offering rewards...
the highlight of course is after the fight w/ the exchange:
-'now you just need a woman, nothing like a woman after a fight'  then
-'I'm willing if she is'
later we get a little more levity between the 2 of them.  they've clearly laid the ground work for Bronn to act as Tyrion's champion
941	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	So, in this episode we got some Theon cock and some gay love action.  Diversity FTW!  I, too, had a total fangirl moment during the Mountain/Loras/Sandor scene.I also shouted when The Hound stood up to The Mountain. And when Bronn started kicking all kinds of mountain clan ass. And when Jaime showed his skill with a blade.Lots of action, great episode.
942	Lifendz	2011-05-15	One person on this thread already admitted to the error, and the same is true for me, my husband, and many others I have asked.  Only one person I know personally got the gay thing on the first read through.  Took me until reading the first book a second time to get it.  *shrug*  I guess many of us just aren't as skilled in critical reading as the rest of us!Thanks for being honest. One thing I hate about forums is how everyone is so like "it's so teh obvee-us htat dere gayz." Give me a break. Something as blatant as a rainbow guard didn't register because it's not like GRRM had many modern day cultural references or symbols in the novels.
943	legba11	2011-05-15	Who in the world are you talking to?  You keep popping into the thread yelling at.. somebody.  Who?  And for what, exactly?  Strange..Please show where I am yelling.  I am requesting people be civil so the forums stay civil.  I don't see that as strange.
944	Kaitscralt	2011-05-15	blah waah blahYour list is full of so many pointless things that don't matter one bit if they were changed to better suit a non-reader audience or to save a few bucks. I can't even respond to each complaint individually because I find your nitpicking so irrelevant.--I liked this episode. Leaving out Jon and Daenerys was a good call. - I did think the Theon scene was a bit unnecessary since we heard two Greyjoy expository speeches last week, plus Bran and Maester Luwin right beforehand. A fourth explanation of Theon in two episodes seems like overkill.- I liked the Robert/Cersei scene.- I liked the fight at the end. Jory's death was less emotional, but Jaime's final comment, "I want my brother back," was awesome and adds a nice shade of grey for him.- Loras/Gregor/Hound was done well enough, but having a mumbling Littlefinger in a loud crowd explain the horse in heat won't help any confused non-readers. Still, horse decapitation was awesome!- Varys is the bomb! "He started asking questions." One of my favorite end-chapter lines ever, and he nailed it.- I need to watch the LF versus Varys conversation again before I decide how I feel about it.More to come as I remember.
945	House Snow	2011-05-15	Did anyone else LOL when Loras raised the Hounds hand WWF "we won the match" tag team style.
946	israfel070	2011-05-15	I finally came up with an analogy for how I feel about the changes to Cersei.
It's like if you sat down, all excited, to watch the Harry Potter movies in a theater for the first time... and it turned out that Voldemort is just really really sad because Dumbledore wasn't nice to him in school.
947	Trebond	2011-05-15	NMH...Needs More Hound.
948	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	I am talking to the two posts which are calling people who don't see them as gay as being ignorant.I'm not going to get into the whole debate, it's not the forum for it, however saying other posters are stupid is not appropriate no matter how correct you think you are.Are you talking to me now?  It'd be so much easier to follow your posts and your reasonings if you'd use the reply button, so we could see the text you're referring to.  Just sayin'
949	CelticCail	2011-05-15	Yeah.Uh, Rainbow Guard.  Duh.Eh, as a friend said to me when I asked her if she knew the gay thing (which she said she did), "Why the hell would we assume rainbow in Medieval fantasy = gay?  I just figured Renly = flamboyant, yay, rainbows!!!  Flair."  She got that they were gay but not at all from the rainbow cloak thing.  I remember reading about that the first time and literally thinking "What an odd choice for GRRM to make with the gay implications of rainbow in our society!"  Haha, clearly I am clueless (it took me a second reading to get the gay thing.  I'm not good with subtlety...or anything besides being directly told things, apparently, LOL.
950	legba11	2011-05-15	Did anyone else LOL when Loras raised the Hounds hand WWF "we won the match" tag team style.I forgot about that scene.  It was very queer.
951	oneeye	2011-05-15	Ok lot of scenes not in the book, but they got to give some of the actors more lines so I think it's ok
Not sure why this whole Loras/Renly question about them being gay came up, it was clear in the books even though the creepy shaving scene was not in there.
They got the Eyrie down nicely /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> and Bronn rocks!
I think Loras was introduced heavy so Highgarden makes sense later.
When are we going to see Randyl Tarly and Tywin?!
952	mimi	2011-05-15	The Hound & the Mountain scene was good but I still don't think they show their heights very well. I had to look hard to see that the Mtn is really tall.
Ned was hurt in a different way from the books but this works just as well. I imagine that fights on horseback would be a nightmare to film.
The dragon skulls were kinda hard to see - yes?
Did not understand one single word of Mord's....anyone?
953	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Can I just say how happy I am they kept Tyrion's line "I'm willing if she is."  Tyrion wasn't the shining character in this episode like he has been in the past, there was so much more going on, but he still was fantastic.
954	Mr. X	2011-05-15	My only complaint about this episode is that Time-Warner Cable fucked up and made us watch 3 minutes of some movie with Queen Latifah instead of seeing Sandor and Gregor at the tournament. Bah!
Good thing we have on-demand.
955	legba11	2011-05-15	Are you talking to me now?  It'd be so much easier to follow your posts and your reasonings if you'd use the reply button, so we could see the text you're referring to.  Just sayin'I will try to do so, it was just a general request thrown out, I looked back when you asked and saw which two.  Neither was you, I think.
956	banditry	2011-05-15	Thanks for being honest. One thing I hate about forums is how everyone is so like "it's so teh obvee-us htat dere gayz." Give me a break. Something as blatant as a rainbow guard didn't register because it's not like GRRM had many modern day cultural references or symbols in the novels.[shrug]  it IS obvious. It's not just the rainbow guard, there are many references and it's very clear.  It's a key subplot and dynamic between 2 fairly major characters.
957	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	Please show where I am yelling.  I am requesting people be civil so the forums stay civil.  I don't see that as strange.The mods are pretty good at that, actually.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
958	Kaitscralt	2011-05-15	- I liked the Hound's very, very subtle nod of appreciation to the crowd as they cheered him. Very good acting for the character.
- Renly's actor looks fine to me, but why is he being written as such a pussy? Scared of blood, never fought, loathe to go hunting, complaining about getting picked on by his brothers. I guess it gives a better reason for him to declare as king though, having your lover convince you that you deserve it. His claims in the novel never really held any weight.
959	Valmy	2011-05-15	I had a good laugh about that during the episode.  Thinking there are many readers who are thinking "That was not in the book!!" I thought this one was, by far, the best episode.  None of the others even come close for me.Totally with you.  Excellent episode.
960	Sheppo	2011-05-15	Great episode. I loved the added scenes between Cersei/Robert and Varys/LF. If I had to nitpick about anything it would be about Sandor after he defends Loras from his brother. Whenever Sandor tells Loras that he is not a ser I expected him to be in a angry mood yet he's kind of emotionless. The few lines that Sandor has had so far seem the same way. I've always pictured him as this guy who is always pissed off and snarling. But other than that great episode. Can't wait to next week.
961	AUyushu	2011-05-15	I am talking to the two posts which are calling people who don't see them as gay as being ignorant.I'm not going to get into the whole debate, it's not the forum for it, however saying other posters are stupid is not appropriate no matter how correct you think you are.Pretty sure putting words into people's mouths is not very appropriate myself. I never called anyone stupid or ignorant, I just feel it's fairly obvious by the 4th book. I can see people not seeing it in books 1 and 2 very easily, but Jaime threatening to stick a sword in places even Renly didn't find was pretty obvious to me, as well as their long discussion as to why Loras killed the Rainbow Guard when Jaime is trying to clear Brienne's good name. But these are thousand page books, so if folks are reading fast or missing the little things it can be easily done I suppose.But you have people complaining about how the TV show is doing things because they completely missed something in the books, which is pretty crazy /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
962	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	I will try to do so, it was just a general request thrown out, I looked back when you asked and saw which two.  Neither was you, I think.Your problem is saying something that was clearly in the books isn't canon. Just because you missed it doesn't mean it wasn't there.
963	Kaitscralt	2011-05-15	NMH...Needs More Hound.I like this. Will be using it henceforth.
964	banditry	2011-05-15	- I liked the Hound's very, very subtle nod of appreciation to the crowd as they cheered him. Very good acting for the character.- Renly's actor looks fine to me, but why is he being written as such a pussy? Scared of blood, never fought, loathe to go hunting, complaining about getting picked on by his brothers. I guess it gives a better reason for him to declare as king though, having your lover convince you that you deserve it. His claims in the novel never really held any weight.Agree on Renly, very strange change to his character.  Not sure the purpose of that;  Ned always remarked that he was like Robert in his youth.
965	Lion's Tooth	2011-05-15	I laughed out loud when Bran couldn't think of the Lannister words-they vanish so quickly from the novels too.
Great episode. I'm thrilled by the way the writers have taken the liberty to add new scenes and tweak old favorites. The tv adaptation has to be different from the novels to succeed-from my perspective, it's done a great job so far.
966	Balefont	2011-05-15	Eh, as a friend said to me when I asked her if she knew the gay thing (which she said she did), "Why the hell would we assume rainbow in Medieval fantasy = gay?  I just figured Renly = flamboyant, yay, rainbows!!!  Flair."  She got that they were gay but not at all from the rainbow cloak thing.  I remember reading about that the first time and literally thinking "What an odd choice for GRRM to make with the gay implications of rainbow in our society!"  Haha, clearly I am clueless (it took me a second reading to get the gay thing.  I'm not good with subtlety...or anything besides being directly told things, apparently, LOL.I hear ya.  I see it somewhat on par with his shout outs to Robert Jordan and Tad Williams when the southern lords appear in the third (?) book.  House Jordayne of Tor who has a golden quill on a green and white checked banner? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I don't remember exactly when I realized they were lovers - it's been awhile and I've read the first 3 books at least seven times over the past 10+ years.  Here's a little secret about me so that I can hopefully make some of you feel better - I never figured out the R+L=J theory on my own.
967	Kaitscralt	2011-05-15	Why did nobody explain who attacked Catelyn & company? Sure Tyrion mentioned hill people five minutes earlier, but a random attack should have been given some details after. Even one line, "Damn these savage mountain clans." I feel like they aren't catering to the non-reader enough in some of these scenes.
968	AUyushu	2011-05-15	Yup, it's clear in the books that the guys are gay. GRRM handled it very well. HBO is more blatent but that's ok with me.Over at WIC.net it's about to get ugly over this. So I came over here. Play nice folks!Lysa's boob MUST be fake. Please??!!!?GREAT episode. Loved it! Cerc & Robert scene was fantastic.But I miss Jon...........The boob looked pretty fake to me, and I'm guessing it was to avoid the real life icky factor of a young boy sucking on a woman's breast for real if so. I mean, this is HBO, but there are limits I suppose.Great episode indeed.
969	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-15	Really?  I thought this was BY FAR the best episode yet.  Not even close.I agree, this was the first episode I really have no complaints about.  Even the added scenes fit seamlessly.
970	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	Instead of the Cersei/Robert scene, I wish we got more tournament and a Sansa/Sandor scene.  
Oh well, Bronn, Ned, Jory and Jaime made this episode the best so far.
971	Vuron	2011-05-15	My favorite scene wasn't a major scene, but I loved the scene with Arya and the guards.  She gets better every episode.
The dragon skulls were a little hard to see.  The person that I watched with didn't know what they were.
Too bad Jory didn't get to sleep with that courtesan before he died.  She was the sexiest girl that I've seen in the show, so far.  Absolutely stunning.
I haven't quite decided on the scene with Robert and Cersei.
I'm a little sad that Varys isn't being portrayed as the master of disguise. I don't think he was even disguised when Arya saw him and Illyrio in the dungeon.
All the fight scenes were great.
Lysa's tit couldn't have been real, could it?
972	Ran	2011-05-15	Off to bed shortly. Our recap and analysis/review, plus a brief book-to-screen thing, at our episode guide.And.... stop it with the Rainbow Guard! It has nothing to do with what GRRM intened to convey about Renly or Loras, as indicated here:The Rainbow Guard isn't meant to symbolize Renly's sexuality. It was more of a culmination of several unrelated things, such as the fact that he'd already used white for the Kingsguard and black for the Night's Watch. A rainbow is seven colors combined together in one object - he compared it to a shamrock being a Irish Catholic symbol of the Holy Trinity, three parts which make up one thing. Plus it has seven colors and is tied to the Seven, plus worshipers of the Seven use prism rainbows in their temples.It's, literally, coincidence.  I expect GRRM, a child of the 50s and 60s, doesn't see a rainbow image and think "LGBT" as his first association.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 15 May 2011 - 09:48 PM.
973	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	- I liked the Hound's very, very subtle nod of appreciation to the crowd as they cheered him. Very good acting for the character.This.  Very nicely done on McCann's part.  Very nice, indeed.  I mean, who ever cheers this deeply scarred and wounded man.  Then, they did, and he made us see that it felt like a bit of warm honey for the first time in his life.  Very nicely done.
974	legba11	2011-05-15	The mods are pretty good at that, actually.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />Seems so, it is a peeve of mine when (and this is not exclusive to the internet, but it sure as hell is more prevalent here) people all point and laugh at the new kid who doesn't know something they all take to common truth. (whether it is or not)  As such, I am going to speak up when I see it going on.  I'd rather folks regulate themselves than the mods do it.
975	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	I'm kind of glad the tourney was cut short. I'm not usually one to pick on the budget cuts, but the tourney set was so sparse it was distracting. Nothing close to what I imagined. High school football games have more attendance.
976	Kaitscralt	2011-05-15	The only scene that seems less than stellar to me was Theon's. Written for mandatory HBO sex, or to explain Theon's backstory for the fourth time in two episodes?
Could have been used for more tournament IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 15 May 2011 - 09:48 PM.
977	Balefont	2011-05-15	Off to bed shortly. Our recap and analysis/review, plus a brief book-to-screen thing, at our episode guide.And.... stop it with the Rainbow Guard! It has nothing to do with what GRRM intened to convey about Renly or Loras, as indicated here:It's, literally, coincidence.  I expect GRRM, a child of the 50s and 60s, doesn't see a rainbow image and think "LGBT" as his first association.My first go with the RG was that it was flamboyant and was more about style and being different from all the other kings.  However, it was a total "Ah Hah!" moment when it did click, intended or no.
978	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-15	Lysa's tit couldn't have been real, could it?On American TV?  Not a chance - it was fake.  Obviously a GOOD fake given how many people are questioning its authenticity.   /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
979	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	Here's a little secret about me so that I can hopefully make some of you feel better - I never figured out the R+L=J theory on my own.psssst, don't tell anyone.  me neither.
980	Balefont	2011-05-15	The only scene that seems less than stellar to me was Theon's. Written for mandatory HBO sex, or to explain Theon's backstory for the fourth time in two episodes?Could have been used for more tournament IMO.I disagree.  People need to see Theon go from ward to rebel and this is planting the seeds.
981	Ran	2011-05-15	Kaitscralt,
Not so much explaining Theon's backstory, but perhaps building on a sense of resentment. This will not be the last episode. They're clearly setting up his turn in season 2.
982	Aoife	2011-05-15	The only scene that seems less than stellar to me was Theon's. Written for mandatory HBO sex, or to explain Theon's backstory for the fourth time in two episodes?Could have been used for more tournament IMO.Added Ros time, I think, as much as anything else. Hadn't they decided to give her more screen time (and a name!) after the pilot?
983	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-15	I disagree.  People need to see Theon go from ward to rebel and this is planting the seeds.Right - otherwise his arc next season won't make much sense.
984	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	I'm kind of glad the tourney was cut short. I'm not usually one to pick on the budget cuts, but the tourney set was so sparse it was distracting. Nothing close to what I imagined. High school football games have more attendance.Yea but I don't see why they couldn't move the Sandor backstory to this episode instead and have him tell Sansa it and also about Gregor's lance going where Gregor wants.  It would have added more to the story than the Robert/Cersei scene, which seemed superfluous to me unlike the Renly/Loras scene, which actually set up future events.
985	Kaitscralt	2011-05-15	I disagree.  People need to see Theon go from ward to rebel and this is planting the seeds.I didn't hate it, just seemed like a weak point for me. I thought this episode was great.
986	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	Kaitscralt,Not so much explaining Theon's backstory, but perhaps building on a sense of resentment. This will not be the last episode. They're clearly setting up his turn in season 2.Yea that makes sense, but they should also set up his friendship with Robb to make that arc more tragic.  Hopefully they do.
987	Balefont	2011-05-15	Yea but I don't see why they couldn't move the Sandor backstory to this episode instead and have him tell Sansa it and also about Gregor's lance going where Gregor wants.  It would have added more to the story than the Robert/Cersei scene, which seemed superfluous to me unlike the Renly/Loras scene, which actually set up future events.I saw Littfeflinger taking that moment to tell Sansa the story as a way of distracting her from the gruesome death of Ser Hugh.  It's starting his role as her protector in troubled times.
988	israfel070	2011-05-15	The only scene that seems less than stellar to me was Theon's. Written for mandatory HBO sex, or to explain Theon's backstory for the fourth time in two episodes?Could have been used for more tournament IMO.Theon's backstory doesn't come into play for FOREVER... can't believe they decided to spend so much time on it now.
989	legba11	2011-05-15	Heh, first it was Theon is being forgotten, now he is getting too much time.  I would not want to ever write a screenplay from an established source material.
Not that anyone would want to see such a screenplay performed anyway...
990	CelticCail	2011-05-15	I never figured out the R+L=J theory on my own.Haha, oh please, neither did I.  If I didn't get the bashed-on-the-head-with-innuendo Renly/Loras thing, I certainly didn't get that one until I started playing on this site.  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  And again, that's true of nearly everyone I've asked that I know personally.  Unless we're all a bunch of morons (and I have to say I doubt it, as we all have graduate degrees and most of us are teachers, some in literature!), I'd wager some people that say both were OH SO OBVIOUS to them on first read through are lying.  But that's fine.  Now we all know everything thanks to these forums!
991	Balefont	2011-05-15	Yea that makes sense, but they should also set up his friendship with Robb to make that arc more tragic.  Hopefully they do.It looks like next week we'll have our chance. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
992	IheartTesla	2011-05-15	Things I liked about the episode:
- The running theme/joke about Arya being a boy, which will become important later
- The fight scene outside the brothel was awesome.
- The view from Tyrion's cell was stunning, cant tell if it sloped. In fact, the whole Vale part rocked
- And of course, Theon's dick. I can't claim to have actually seen it, but others do and who am I to doubt them.
Things I was meh about:
- The tourney crowd scenes continue to underwhelm.
- Loras looked more than a bit ridiculous.
Things I didnt like:
- The shaving scene wasn't quite the way I'd have shown the Loras/Renly relationship. Also, how the hell are they going to show him about to battle Stannis with an army behind him when he cant even stand the sight of blood.
993	israfel070	2011-05-15	psssst, don't tell anyone.  me neither.Sev, say it ain't so!! haha <3
994	Trebond	2011-05-15	My favorite scene wasn't a major scene, but I loved the scene with Arya and the guards.  She gets better every episode.Absolutely true. Every scene with Arya in it has been flawless. As soon as I see her on screen, I just start grinning. She *is* Arya Stark. Here's hoping we get to see her as Cat of the Canals. I finally came up with an analogy for how I feel about the changes to Cersei.It's like if you sat down, all excited, to watch the Harry Potter movies in a theater for the first time... and it turned out that Voldemort is just really really sad because Dumbledore wasn't nice to him in school.This made me full of ROFLs. I'm reserving judgment on how I feel about the recharacterization of Cercei, but that analogy is hilarious.
995	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	out of curiosity,  did they ever tell us why Arya is chasing after cats on the show???
that was a cool scene, even though I don't like the cat the cast as Balerion, not nearly big, mean or battered enough /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
996	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	It looks like next week we'll have our chance. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yea it does look that way and they did already hint at Theon's skill with a bow. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
997	legba11	2011-05-15	Things I liked about the episode:- The running theme/joke about Arya being a boy, which will become important later- The fight scene outside the brothel was awesome.- The view from Tyrion's cell was stunning, cant tell if it sloped. In fact, the whole Vale part rocked- And of course, Theon's dick. I can't claim to have actually seen it, but others do and who am I to doubt them.Things I was meh about:- The tourney crowd scenes continue to underwhelm.- Loras looked more than a bit ridiculous.Things I didnt like:- The shaving scene wasn't quite the way I'd have shown the Loras/Renly relationship. Also, how the hell are they going to show him about to battle Stannis with an army behind him when he cant even stand the sight of blood.They showed water running out of the cell.  Thus sloped (at least the runoff groove is).  Of course this is just speculation.
998	Balefont	2011-05-15	out of curiosity,  did they ever tell us why Arya is chasing after cats on the show???that was a cool scene, even though I don't like the cat the cast as Balerion, not nearly big, mean or battered enough /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yes, last episode Arya told Ned about starting to chase cats.  It was the scene where he finds her balancing on one foot at the top of the stairs.
999	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	Also, now I know what Ran meant on his original reviews when he said that the 5th episode is where the show feels like it finally lets itself breathe.
I think focusing on only a few settings really helped this episode.  It felt more fleshed out than some of the other ones.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 15 May 2011 - 09:58 PM.
1000	Ran	2011-05-15	Cold Hands,
They did. She said Syrio told her you can learn a lot from watching and chasing cats.
1001	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-15	out of curiosity,  did they ever tell us why Arya is chasing after cats on the show???that was a cool scene, even though I don't like the cat the cast as Balerion, not nearly big, mean or battered enough /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />last week she told her dad Syrio told her to do it
1002	legba11	2011-05-15	Do we ever see Renly fight in the books?  He is certainly more swishy here than in the books, but I don't think he ever actually fought did he?
1003	Trebla	2011-05-15	The shaving scene wasn't quite the way I'd have shown the Loras/Renly relationship. Also, how the hell are they going to show him about to battle Stannis with an army behind him when he cant even stand the sight of blood.Renly had every intention of watching the battle from the rear. He gave the commands out, who was to lead from where. Renly was no warrior. He may have made a good king but the Reach lords would have fought his battles for him.
1004	Balefont	2011-05-15	Also, now I know what Ran meant on his original reviews when he said that the 5th episode is where the show feels like it finally lets itself breathe.I think cutting down on the number of setting changes really helped this episode.  It felt more fleshed out than some of the other ones.I agree.  The break-neck pacing trailed off a bit and we got to settle in with the characters.  It was a nice break. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1005	Vuron	2011-05-15	out of curiosity,  did they ever tell us why Arya is chasing after cats on the show???that was a cool scene, even though I don't like the cat the cast as Balerion, not nearly big, mean or battered enough /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It was in last weeks episode.  Arya told Ned that her next assignment from Syrio was to catch cats.
1006	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	out of curiosity,  did they ever tell us why Arya is chasing after cats on the show???that was a cool scene, even though I don't like the cat the cast as Balerion, not nearly big, mean or battered enough /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I'm pretty sure Arya mentions that Syrio wants her to catch cats during the scene where she's balancing on one leg on the stairwell, and then she and Ned sit down to talk about wolves sticking together in winter.beaten to the punch. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 15 May 2011 - 10:02 PM.
1007	trfhms	2011-05-15	Things I liked about the episode:- The running theme/joke about Arya being a boy, which will become important later- The fight scene outside the brothel was awesome.- The view from Tyrion's cell was stunning, cant tell if it sloped. In fact, the whole Vale part rocked- And of course, Theon's dick. I can't claim to have actually seen it, but others do and who am I to doubt them.Things I was meh about:- The tourney crowd scenes continue to underwhelm.- Loras looked more than a bit ridiculous.Things I didnt like:- The shaving scene wasn't quite the way I'd have shown the Loras/Renly relationship. Also, how the hell are they going to show him about to battle Stannis with an army behind him when he cant even stand the sight of blood.I've seen a couple different people talking about Renly's apparent lack of courage.  I was thinking that since we never saw him as a POV character, it was entirely possible that he acted naturally with his lover and put on a "tough guy" image when he was out and about (which is where we really "saw" him).
1008	Balefont	2011-05-15	Poor Cold Hands Hot Pie.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1009	CelticCail	2011-05-15	out of curiosity,  did they ever tell us why Arya is chasing after cats on the show???Yep, she tells her dad she's going to be chasing cats and he goes "Cats?  .... ah.  Syrio says."  or something.
1010	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	Cold Hands,They did. She said Syrio told her you can learn a lot from watching and chasing cats.Good,  I'm glad or there would be a lot of people going wtf is Arya doing.One thing that's too bad is that the frantic pace of the show isn't giving us any time to see Arya progress in her training.  She still looked pretty clueless when going after the cat in tonite's episode--whereas in the book she has progressed to the point where she can catch any cat in the castle complex and even get Balerion the baddest feline out there.
1011	Balefont	2011-05-15	That's 6 people about the cats... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1012	Trebla	2011-05-15	I agree.  The break-neck pacing trailed off a bit and we got to settle in with the characters.  It was a nice break. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Indeed. It wasn't until the end of the episode that I noted there had been no Jon or Dany.
1013	legba11	2011-05-15	Yep, remarkable they made such a strong episode without the two (IMO) most important characters of the series.
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 15 May 2011 - 10:03 PM.
1014	Wolfmage	2011-05-15	I don't think you can seriously expect a network like HBO to tippy-toe around the homosexuality like GRRM did. Obviously GRRM was capable of writing some very explicit sex scenes, but he averred from showing us male-on-male bedsport because it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t happen between viewpoint characters, and in all probability, writing such intimacy well was beyond GRRMâ<U+0080><U+0099>s comfort zone. That makes perfect sense to me, and he can hardly be accused of homophobia with several interesting gay characters in the series â<U+0080><U+0093> cf. The Wheel of Time series. 
Given the accumulative references about Renly and Ser Loras do provide us with a relatively unassailable picture of their homosexual relationship, this is really just a case of the tv show taking something canon off-screen and putting it into the foreground. You donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have to enjoy the aesthetics of the scene, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to see how you can gainsay such a decision. Being a visual medium, TV isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t limited solely to the experiences of viewpoint characters, and I see no real dramatic purpose to be all coy about it through ambiguity or some dramatic revelation in season 2. Indeed, in this day and age, such coyness strikes me as more than a little odd. Obviously that doesn't mean the characters themselves shouldn't be acting cognisant of the taboo of the act, but at best this was always a very poorly kept secret amongst Westerosi nobles. Accordingly, there's no need for the show to go beyond that and try to insert extras layers of opaqueness at a meta level in how it communicates the existence of the relationship. The fact that many, many people know the score and make open references to it in the books is more than sufficient licence to make it on-screen scene.
					
					
							Edited by Wolfmage, 15 May 2011 - 10:21 PM.
1015	Ran	2011-05-15	In the novels, Renly is a knight. He rode in the tourney. He's an average knight, apparently, Stannis mocks him for taking part to let better men defeat him, but still.
He did not actually intend to lead from the rear. Renly gives himself command of the right battle, not the rear; in medieval warfare, the right (along with the vanguard) was often the primary offensive arm. We see this at the Green Fork, where the bulk of the Lannister cavalry are placed on the right. 
He's perfectly capable and willing to fight, but he knows he's no great warrior like Robert, to go off and lead the vanguard.
1016	AverageGuy	2011-05-15	I thought it was a good episode.  But I feel like Barristan's being jobbed.  Even if he doesn't talk, why can't they show him sitting on the Small Council?
Re: Renly and Loras, in AFFC Cersei also wonders if Margaery shares Loras's tastes and looks at her ladies for a partner.
					
					
							Edited by AverageGuy, 15 May 2011 - 10:04 PM.
1017	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	Edit.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 15 May 2011 - 10:15 PM.
1018	Xray the Enforcer	2011-05-15	That's 6 people about the cats... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />What can we say? Cats are VERY IMPORTANT. <--- Monty made me write this.
1019	Mr Bean	2011-05-15	blah waah blah mehYour list is full of so many pointless things that don't matter one bit. I can't even respond to each comment individually because I find your nitpicking so irrelevant.You might have noted my list included dislikes, likes and simple general comments.  It was no hate filled diatribe or praise filled masturbation piece, but all is forgotten since one can simply quote the others post and snip all content and declare it irrelevant.  If you cared so much why bother responding at all?  There are 190 plus posts also in this thread any one of which you could have responded to.So that begs the question why respond to the only post you don't care about in the slightest?  Why not simply ignore it like you ignore the other 190 posts?
					
					
							Edited by Mr Bean, 15 May 2011 - 10:05 PM.
1020	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	Sev, say it ain't so!! haha <3Hiya, darlin', been wondering where you are!  Missing your insightful views that opened my eyes to many nuances that otherwise zoomed right over my head.  Keep posting!  That's an order!
1021	TyrionTargaryen	2011-05-15	Did you notice Yoren waiting for Jory and Arya to completely leave the tower of the hand?
Ugghh male genitalia is so gross on tv.... wtf
1022	Balefont	2011-05-15	What can we say? Cats are VERY IMPORTANT. <--- Monty made me write this./kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' /> to Monty, then.  And a snuggle to Ethel as well. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1023	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	Do we ever see Renly fight in the books?  He is certainly more swishy here than in the books, but I don't think he ever actually fought did he?Renly jousted (is that the right usage??) in the Hand's tournament.  It was our first intro to his splendid green armor.I think he is portrayed as an individual who can cut an impressive image and fool the superficial lookers, but those who look deeper know him better.-Donnal Noye and the copper penny line-also I think Stannis has a line in the second book about Renly about how he likes to dress up in fine armor and then gets humiliated by better fighters.also, without referencing the books, I think in the battle against Stannis at Storm's end that he had appointed Loras to lead the (all important) van and 2 other guys on each flank, but was intending to personally lead the center of his force and the main portion of the fighters.  Brienne was to arm him for battle.....
1024	Balefont	2011-05-15	Easy peeps.
Gods, I wish there were a nit-pick thread.  But I get it why there isn't.
Just everyone remember, Opinions are like assholes.  Everyone has one.
1025	Tyler Snow	2011-05-15	I know the scene with Loras and Renly was a bit over the top but I don't think it was so much to establish their relationship but, rather, to show the origins of what will eventually be Renly's decision to oppose Stannis and declare himself King. In that regard, I thought it was kind of clever, though they made Renly a bit of a wuss (Eek! Blood).
Did not like the Cersei/Robert scene. Very biased towards Cersei and I dislike her so strongly that I can't snap out of it when I'm seeing it on the show.
I did like the Lannister/Stark showdown. Little bit of a different take but I liked how it made Jaime look rather annoyed that he didn't best Ned fairly.
The Eyrie looked AWESOME.
1026	Trebla	2011-05-15	In the novels, Renly is a knight. He rode in the tourney. He's an average knight, apparently, Stannis mocks him for taking part to let better men defeat him, but still.He did not actually intend to lead from the rear. Renly gives himself command of the right battle, not the rear; in medieval warfare, the right (along with the vanguard) was often the primary offensive arm. We see this at the Green Fork, where the bulk of the Lannister cavalry are placed on the right. He's perfectly capable and willing to fight, but he knows he's no great warrior like Robert, to go off and lead the vanguard.You're right, my bad. Estermont had the reserve.
1027	legba11	2011-05-15	Jousted, but did he ever fight for real?
1028	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	I did like the Lannister/Stark showdown. Little bit of a different take but I liked how it made Jaime look rather annoyed that he didn't best Ned fairly.Those Lannister guys were pretty deadly with their spears.  But at least Jory took a few of them.
1029	israfel070	2011-05-15	Cold Hands,They did. She said Syrio told her you can learn a lot from watching and chasing cats."And you have to be quick to catch them" /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1030	Ran	2011-05-15	Renly is one of the "knights of summer". They haven't had a "real" fight. It's even noted in the episode: Loras would like to fight in a war, but hasn't had the opportunity.
Loras Tyrell does just fine when he gets his chance. Tyrion, too, in the novels. Renly didn't get his, is all, but as I noted, it was clear he wasn't going to be leading from the reserve in the novel.
1031	Trebla	2011-05-15	Jousted, but did he ever fight for real?No, the battle with Stannis would have been his first along with a good portion of the knights with him. Cat reflects that many of them were boys during the War of the Usurper and the Greyjoy Rebellion. "They are the knights of summer and winter is coming"
1032	TyrionTargaryen	2011-05-15	Did Marillion get killed?? I know that a later book character dies in the first book...
1033	legba11	2011-05-15	I need to watch for it on viewing #2, but did Jaime ever go for any killing shots on Ned?  The way I take Jaime in that scene somewhat hinges on it.
1034	Balefont	2011-05-15	I did like the Lannister/Stark showdown. Little bit of a different take but I liked how it made Jaime look rather annoyed that he didn't best Ned fairly.And that he'll never again get the chance.
1035	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	Jousted, but did he ever fight for real?I don't think so.  He was too young to have fought in Greyjoy's rebellion I believe.  And Cately called him and his knights the Knights of Summer or something to that effect as they were all inexperienced.  Loras was green too but he still held his own at the Battle of the Blackwater.
1036	Ran	2011-05-15	Tyrion,
No, we see Marillion limping about after the fight is done.
legba,
I'm pretty sure Jaime's cuts that Ned barely ducked were meant to hit, yes. If he held back, it was to toy with Ned, but I don't think he really held back.
1037	IheartTesla	2011-05-15	You donÂ<U+0092>t have to enjoy the aesthetics of the scene, but itÂ<U+0092>s hard to see how you can gainsay such a decision.I agree with most of what you said, including your speculation about GRRMs reticience to write explicit homosexual love scenes. I'd say I disagreed with the aesthetics of the scene more than anything. Although I think apart from the Drogo/Dany missionary stuff it was the only other time we'd seen some tender lovemaking between people who cared for each other.
1038	CelticCail	2011-05-15	Did Marillion get killed?? I know that a later book character dies in the first book...Marillion is kinda integral to Petyr's excuse for Lysa's death later.............. so I'm not entirely sure what you mean.
1039	legba11	2011-05-15	Renly is one of the "knights of summer". They haven't had a "real" fight. It's even noted in the episode: Loras would like to fight in a war, but hasn't had the opportunity.Loras Tyrell does just fine when he gets his chance. Tyrion, too, in the novels. Renly didn't get his, is all, but as I noted, it was clear he wasn't going to be leading from the reserve in the novel.Thats what I thought, I agree that he is swishier than Renly in the books, but it's not a total change with him being afraid of blood. In many ways it's similar to the outright gay sex in that scene.  Renly's lack of "iron stomach" needed for war is talked about but never directly shown.
1040	israfel070	2011-05-15	...he averred from showing us male-on-male bedsport because it didnÂ<U+0092>t happen between viewpoint characters, and in all probability, writing such intimacy well was beyond GRRMÂ<U+0092>s comfort zone.Wha??? George doesn't HAVE a comfort zone!!!! Which is why I love the books.
1041	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Indeed. It wasn't until the end of the episode that I noted there had been no Jon or Dany.I really didn't mind.  I thought keeping the show more centralized around King's Landing with a few scenes in Eyrie, and one (I think just one) in Winterfell made for the best episode yet.
1042	Tacye	2011-05-15	Quick impressions:
The Eyrie was incredible.
Not enough tournament! Or Sansa, for that matter.
Strangely, I didn't miss Jon or Dany until after the episode ended.
Still think the actress playing Cersei was miscast. She is just not winning me over at all.
Fight between Ned and Jaime was excellent.
Was that tabby cat supposed to be "Balerion"?  (I know, small point there, but I loved that little bit in the book)
Loras/Renly was NOT SUBTLE AT ALL. And when did Renly become such a wuss? He was an established tourney knight, wasn't he?
Surprised they kept the scene with Robin Arryn nursing. One hopes that was a stunt breast in the scene. Poor kid.
The sky cells!  Wow, what a visual!
Best episode so far IMHO.
1043	Balefont	2011-05-15	Marillion is kinda integral to Petyr's excuse for Lysa's death later.............. so I'm not entirely sure what you mean.I was thinking the same.  But then again, who knows how things have been tweaked.  It's why I refrain from speculating much as well as nit-picking.  I am one of those who has utmost faith in D&D's adaptation.  I'm just glad the story is finally being told so that I can share it with an even greater audience.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 15 May 2011 - 10:20 PM.
1044	Ser Luke	2011-05-15	I don't like how the did the fight with Jaime and Ned. I understand they needed to make Ned put up a fight, Jaime is his vast superior as I understand in the books. Also Loras looks....soft. He's supposed to be a great knight, and the dude they cast for him is in terrible shape. Nitpicking. 
Overall I'm very pleased!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Luke, 15 May 2011 - 10:20 PM.
1045	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	I'm pretty sure Jaime's cuts that Ned barely ducked were meant to hit, yes. If he held back, it was to toy with Ned, but I don't think he really held back.I thought that the fight between Jaime and Ned looked good, but then I know nothing about swordsmanship.Ran, or any expert on the topic out there, how good did they do?  Obviously the 2 are actors who got training for the role...did they do a credible job? stellar?? or was the fight actually pretty mundane as far as movie sword fights go?
1046	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	I know the scene with Loras and Renly was a bit over the top but I don't think it was so much to establish their relationship but, rather, to show the origins of what will eventually be Renly's decision to oppose Stannis and declare himself King. Absolutely.  They set the foundation for what Renly will do at the end of this season and during the next season.  He has the gold and support of Highgarden because people don't like Stannis ("he has the personality of a lobster")
1047	legba11	2011-05-15	If Jaime was trying to kill Ned, it continues the continuity of his character which I am enjoying.  He knows what he needs to do, he outright says it this time, yet he is unable to control his nature.
I do not like his duster.  He should be fighting Clint Eastwood if he's going to wear that thing.
*My typing is going to hell, time for bed*
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 15 May 2011 - 10:23 PM.
1048	ppdoc	2011-05-15	Add me into the group that did not see the relationship between Renly and Loras despite having read the entire series multiple times. But now looking back it is there. I guess the overtness of it bothered me. GRRM doesn't hold back in his other books. I assume that he meant the relationship to be subtle.
The scene between Robert and Cersci was very good. While not in the book it gave the people who have not read the series a very good background into the warped psychology of their relationship. By the end of the discussion, you can even see her saying to herself... Ahh what the hell, let's off him, he never could have loved me anyway.
Great series. So far it has been everything I expected and even more.
1049	Orion	2011-05-15	In this article the producers and Martin talk about gay characters on the novels: http://www.afterelto...s-george-martin
1050	Balefont	2011-05-15	Was that tabby cat supposed to be "Balerion"?  (I know, small point there, but I loved that little bit in the book)I don't think so.  Balerion was princess what's-her-name's (Rhaenys?) cat.  The princess the Mountain murdered during the rebellion.
1051	End of Disc One	2011-05-15	Yeah it's not like Jaime to hold back in an actual fight, unless he's just toying with his opponent.  As we know, Ned has been made a much better fighter in the show.  Jaime wasn't holding back.
1052	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	I don't think so.  Balerion was princess what's-her-name's (Rhaenys?) cat.  The princess the Mountain murdered during the rebellion.True, but there's a Balerion cat in KL that Ayra chases around, black, evil-eyed, fast--he's the meanest, smartest, baddest cat ever, scarred and torn and the the speculation is that he's the same Balerion.
1053	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	It just hit me that the season is now HALF OVER! Not only do the episodes fly by, but the whole season is.
1054	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	Add me into the group that did not see the relationship between Renly and Loras despite having read the entire series multiple times. But now looking back it is there. I guess the overtness of it bothered me. GRRM doesn't hold back in his other books. I assume that he meant the relationship to be subtle.The thing is, how could GRRM not have been subtle in the books without a Loras or a Renly PoV?  Without a PoV, you will never know everything as you find out with Jaime -- who for example, was a one dimensional villian in everyone'es eyes until he had his own PoV.With Loras and Renly, it doesn't make sense for it to be a blatant affair in the books because you can't expect either of them to walk around telling everyone that they are gay.  And since we only see them in the eyes of other PoVs, it wouldn't make sense for us to see any of their love scenes in the books.Their relationship was as obvious as it could be without a PoV.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 15 May 2011 - 10:27 PM.
1055	VikingLegion	2011-05-15	out of curiosity,  did they ever tell us why Arya is chasing after cats on the show???that was a cool scene, even though I don't like the cat the cast as Balerion, not nearly big, mean or battered enough /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />"Syrio says every swordsman should study cats.  They are quiet as shadows and light as feathers"      -Arya to Ned on the stairwell
1056	legba11	2011-05-15	Well, a smart Jaime would hold back in that fight, he knows he can't kill Ned.  He says as much.  Pretty much every episode has shown him with a time where he tries to do a "good" (or simply common courtesy) thing, yet fail miserably due to his nature.
This is an aspect of Jaime we don't get until book 3.  I like seeing it now.
1057	melicorn	2011-05-15	I feel like the only reason the Loras/Renly relationship is seen as subtle is because neither of them really get that much 'screen time' in the books. Certainly if one of them had the chance to be a viewpoint character there would have been nothing subtle about it. Although I did always imagine Loras as a little prettier and much more decorated. I think showing sapphires on his horse would have been a better indication of the riches of the Tyrells than him just dully mentioning it. Also, Renly has almost a year to toughen up, doesn't he? (Well, maybe six months? I was never that great at keeping track of time in the books.)
And the main issue I have with so much Theon set-up is that it's really going to take the punch out of his betrayal. What made it so gut-wrenching and enraging for me is that it came with so little warning (although I am another one of those that needed a few extra hints to guess Jon's parentage, so maybe there were more hints there). And it makes Robb look a little dumber for not seeing all of Theon's pent-up rage. Unless, hopefully, they give Robb a lot more screen time to show his reasoning, which looks like it will happen starting with the next episode.
I really enjoyed the added scene with Cersei and Robert. I think it's one of the very few chances they've really given Robert to show he is not a complete ass (he just doesn't care about her), plus after 17 years of marriage it just wouldn't make sense to have them always ignoring one another. I like seeing the uneasy truce they developed. In the books the nature of their relationship was always given through one person describing it to someone else; for television it is better to get some first-hand views.
I loved the scene with Varys and Littlefinger. I think that's much more important foreshadowing than anything with Theon. Their little rivalry certainly has much greater influence on the story. Although in the books Littlefinger is the only character whose motivations remain almost entirely inscrutable to me, and I haven't really got that impression from the tv series yet.
Finally, the Eyrie: I am somewhat disappointed that they cut out the climb to the top because I love Mya Stone, however I can understand how that would have been tedious and difficult to convey on television. But where was the Blackfish?
1058	Balefont	2011-05-15	True, but there's a Balerion cat in KL that Ayra chases around, black, evil-eyed, fast--he's the meanest, smartest, baddest cat ever, scarred and torn and the the speculation is that he's the same Balerion.17 years later though?  That's one spry geezer of a cat!
1059	End of Disc One	2011-05-15	Well, a smart Jaime would hold back in that fight, he knows he can't kill Ned.  He says as much.  Pretty much every episode has shown him with a time where he tries to do a "good" (or simply common courtesy) thing, yet fail miserably due to his nature.Yeah that's what I mean, he knows he shouldn't kill Ned but he gets caught up in the moment.
1060	alguien	2011-05-15	Holy shit. 
Pardon my language, but I fucking loved this episode. 
It felt like the first where there was more original material than scenes from the book, but almost all the scenes felt like they could have taken place in the book, only off camera. (save one notable exception)
I admit was I concerned with how the fight between Ned and Jaime would go.  I like how they did it.  I'm glad that they weren't building up Ned to have him completely outclassed by Jaime. Jaime was bad-ass, but Ned held his own until another guard stepped in. Sad to see Jory die at Jaime's hand, but I figured they would do this after they had Jory talk with Jaime in the previous episode.
The fight between the Hound and Mountain was satisfying. So was the scene at the King's Council and the fight with the mountain clans on the road to the eerie. (Bronn looked like an exceptional killer)  
The scene between Littlefinger and Varys rocked.  It was epic geeky awesome sauce. Might have been my favorite moment, if only because I didn't expect it. (and I think it revealed what Littlefinger meant when he said he had Varys "by the balls")
The scene that felt like a pretty big deviation was the discussion between Robert and Cersei. I really enjoyed the scene, but I felt that we were seeing a different, more introspective Robert and a sympathetic Cersei. Different, but not enough so that I was put off.  And the actors did such a great job. I loved how Addy's Robert admitted he couldn't remember what Lyanna looked like.  Just perfect.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> 
Makes me so impatient for next Sunday!
					
					
							Edited by alguien, 15 May 2011 - 10:34 PM.
1061	Blue Steel	2011-05-15	And the main issue I have with so much Theon set-up is that it's really going to take the punch out of his betrayal. What made it so gut-wrenching and enraging for me is that it came with so little warning (although I am another one of those that needed a few extra hints to guess Jon's parentage, so maybe there were more hints there). And it makes Robb look a little dumber for not seeing all of Theon's pent-up rage. Unless, hopefully, they give Robb a lot more screen time to show his reasoning, which looks like it will happen starting with the next episode.Hmm.  I disagree.  I think with the added emphasis on Theon's character, it will add to his betrayal especially if the show developes the close friendship with Robb that was hinted at in the books.  It will make his character arc more tragic for the viewer and I can't wait.  Still, you could be right and I could be wrong.
1062	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	17 years later though?  That's one spry geezer of a cat!Yup.  I agree, but them's the facts.  (Actually, my sister's got a cat who's going to be 20 yrs old in July, if he makes it that far.  So, it happens...)
1063	VikingLegion	2011-05-15	Just everyone remember, Opinions are like assholes.  Everyone has one.Why doesn't anyone ever finish that line properly?  You're supposed to add:"And they all stink!"
1064	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-05-15	WHERE IS JALABHAR XHO DAMN IT.
1065	johnnysd	2011-05-15	Why did nobody explain who attacked Catelyn & company? Sure Tyrion mentioned hill people five minutes earlier, but a random attack should have been given some details after. Even one line, "Damn these savage mountain clans." I feel like they aren't catering to the non-reader enough in some of these scenes.Actually the DID have that line. Maybe even two. Tyrion says that the mountain clans will attack and if he ran away they would kill him for his boots.
1066	Aoife	2011-05-15	Well, and in the books it's only 14 years or so. Still an older cat, but not impossible. (The TV cat isn't that cat, though - not full black, for one. Also, had we already found out about the princess's cat before Arya went cat-catching? In the series, have we even learned that Rhaegar had children?)
1067	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Am I the only one who wasn't impressed with the Eyrie? Sure, it looked impressive, but I think it was the first time watching this show that I said "oh, that's obviously CGI."
1068	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-05-15	Just watching the repeat.
Liked the exchange between Robert and Ned about the assassination plot
from Littlefinger:  "Jorah Mormont is a slaver, not a traitor, small difference, I know, to an honorable man."
Stark:  "the Robert I grew up with didn't tremble at the shadow of an unborn child"
well constructed scene
					
					
							Edited by Cold Hands-Hot Pie, 15 May 2011 - 10:39 PM.
1069	Shillen	2011-05-15	Haha, oh please, neither did I.  If I didn't get the bashed-on-the-head-with-innuendo Renly/Loras thing, I certainly didn't get that one until I started playing on this site.  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  And again, that's true of nearly everyone I've asked that I know personally.  Unless we're all a bunch of morons (and I have to say I doubt it, as we all have graduate degrees and most of us are teachers, some in literature!), I'd wager some people that say both were OH SO OBVIOUS to them on first read through are lying.  But that's fine.  Now we all know everything thanks to these forums!I think some people just read these kind of books more carefully than others.  I know when I read fantasy novels I read them fairly quickly.  I care more about the overall story than every little detail.  So when a character says a line that isn't 100% obvious I don't sit there and think to myself "now, what did he mean by that?" - I just keep reading.  So, anyway, put me in the group that never knew they were gay until I read about it on a website.
1070	Rangers30	2011-05-15	A skinny Lysa with big well-formed tits. Things that make ya go hmmmmmmmmmmmConsidering little Robert has been working that muscle for a good six years I'm surprised it wasn't BIGGER.
1071	Trebla	2011-05-15	My old 3 legged cat lived to be 19. Even in her advanced age and missing a limb she could jump up onto a table. I always liked how Balerion jumped up on the table and swiped a roast quail out of Tywin's hand. Too bad that couldn't have made it onto the small screen!
I was underwhelmed by the Hound and Mountain fight. I figured that the Jaime/Ned fight would end with Ned saving face somehow. eh. The fight in the Vale was excellent, though. 
Can we get a petition to have Esme Bianco (Roz the Redhead) to appear in EVERY episode?  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
1072	Balefont	2011-05-15	Well, and in the books it's only 14 years or so. Still an older cat, but not impossible. (The TV cat isn't that cat, though - not full black, for one. Also, had we already found out about the princess's cat before Arya went cat-catching? In the series, have we even learned that Rhaegar had children?)No.  And I totally did the geek thing and just checked Arya's chapter.  There's no mention of Balerion there.Sorry, Sev, I wasn't even going to bother mentioned it again but considering it's sparked a little discussion, I figured I might as well. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1073	Cable	2011-05-15	That was the best episode, hands down. The series has been fantastic so far but that one took it to another level. I loved the scene between Cersei and Robert, I thought it was just terrific. Goddamn Mark Addy is making me love Robert more than I do in the books. I was really laughing hard during  the scene with Lancel and the armour.
The fight between Ned and Jaime was awesome. The mountain tribe fight was great too. Much to love and I definitely need to rewatch this episode.
1074	melicorn	2011-05-15	Hmm.  I disagree.  I think with the added emphasis on Theon's character, it will add to his betrayal especially if the show developes the close friendship with Robb that was hinted at in the books.  It will make his character arc more tragic for the viewer and I can't wait.  Still, you could be right and I could be wrong.No, I think you are right and it will make his overall arc more tragic. I just don't want it to be tragic because I hate Theon so much (hah). I was so disappointed when a friend pointed out to me that he was probably not really flayed alive (at least not completely) because no other POV characters had died offscreen.Somewhat off-topic: now I am wondering HBO will have any on-screen flayings, especially after seeing a horse beheaded. I might have to stop watching if it gets to that. I know they're only hinted at in the books, but obviously we've seen that means it's not off-limits.
1075	VikingLegion	2011-05-15	I admit was I concerned with how the fight between Ned and Jaime would go.  I like how they did it.  I'm glad that they weren't building up Ned to have him completely outclassed by Jaime. Jaime was bad-ass, but Ned held his own until another guard stepped in. Sad to see Jory die at Jaime's hand, but I figured they would do this after they had Jory talk with Jaime in the previous episode.I was pretty nervous for this fight.  I knew Ned had to lose, but I really wanted him to give a good showing of himself - especially with all the little sniping and shit-talking Jaime/Ned have engaged in various scenes so far.It seemed clear to me that Jaime was the stronger/quicker/more skilled fighter, and if nobody intervened, would've dispatched Ned.  His moves seemed effortless, whereas Ned was laboring a bit more.  But I'm glad they made Ned hold his own, and hey - maybe if the fight had continued he could've pulled something crazy out of his ass and beaten Jaime with a surprise move the younger man hasn't seen before.  Age/experience winning out over youthful vigor and all that.  Unlikely, I know, but....Jory's death was so.... sudden!  I thought he and Jaime would cross swords for at least a few more seconds, but wow did the Kingslayer make short work of him!  Alas, poor Jory
1076	Tears of Lys	2011-05-15	this episode was excellent.....except the scene with robert and cersei, the scene with loras and renely and the littlefinger/varys scene. renely is really be portrayed as a weak person not at all like the booksMy only problem with the episode, which I thought was 98% awesome, BTW, was the relationship between Loras and Renly - and NO, NOT THE GAY PART /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />In the books the dominant personality was clearly Renly, whereas here Loras is evidently in charge.  Just a curious switch, IMO.  And didn't that spear through Ned's leg look nasty?!  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> And I want to add FUCK THE MOUNTAIN - We don't like him even more so now.  /angry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry2:' />
1077	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	No.  And I totally did the geek thing and just checked Arya's chapter.  There's no mention of Balerion there.Sorry, Sev, I wasn't even going to bother mentioned it again but considering it's sparked a little discussion, I figured I might as well. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Mention away, sweetling.  /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' />   I don't think we're ever going to glimpse Balerion the Bad, alas.  Its not just shaping up that way, time-wise.  Too bad, really.  I would have loved to have seen Ayra try to corner that crafty old dude.  But then again, how would they film it?  I mean, herding cats is, well, like herding cats.
1078	DragonAge93	2011-05-15	I'm still shaking from this episode.... That final encounter between Ned's guards and Jaime's guards was just amazing. And Ned vs. Jaime... Wow, best moment of the show hands down for me. I knew what was going to happen since I've read the series, but seeing Jory die made my jaw drop.  And the battle between the Hill tribe and Catelyn's "men" was very great and bloody. I like how they don't shy away from it. Best episode so far, and I've loved every episode thus far.
1079	Abaddon	2011-05-15	Am I the only one who wasn't impressed with the Eyrie? Sure, it looked impressive, but I think it was the first time watching this show that I said "oh, that's obviously CGI."That depends.  If you're talking about the first shot where we see it, I didn't like it at all, it was over the top and fake looking.  Everything after was brilliant, particularly the view from the sky cell and then the view OF the sky cells.
1080	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	I hate Theon so much (hah). I was so disappointed when a friend pointed out to me that he was probably not really flayed alive (at least not completely)HAHAHAHAHAHA!
1081	End of Disc One	2011-05-15	In the books the dominant personality was clearly Renly, whereas here Loras is evidently in charge.  Just a curious switch, IMO.  Who went down on whom?
1082	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	That depends.  If you're talking about the first shot where we see it, I didn't like it at all, it was over the top and fake looking.  Everything after was brilliant, particularly the view from the sky cell and then the view OF the sky cells.Fair enough, and I agree.  The outside of the Eyrie, I thought was poor.  But the high hall and the sky cells were spot on.
1083	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	Who went down on whom?Regardless, Renly was the one in the episode saying how he couldn't be king because of Stannis and he wasn't a real warrior, but Loras was the one telling Renly all he could do and being rather forceful about it.
1084	TrueMetis	2011-05-15	So apparently Ned is a better swordsman in the TV adaption.
The conversation between Robert and Cersei was just weird.
And the Dragon skull, holy shit that was big I guess when they said you could ride a horse down its throat in the books it didn't get across so well.
					
					
							Edited by Thor The Almighty, 15 May 2011 - 11:01 PM.
1085	Tacye	2011-05-15	No.  And I totally did the geek thing and just checked Arya's chapter.  There's no mention of Balerion there.It's not there b/c Balerion being the wicked black tom-cat was inferred, rather like Renly and Loras' relationship.Arya chases around the oldest, meanest cat in the Red Keep, a raggedy-eared black tom. She finally manages to catch him and kisses him on the top of his head.Later (I think it was Varys?) refers back to Rhaegar's daughter having a little black kitten that she had named Balerion. But it wasn't a dragon, it was a kitten, and it couldn't save her.I daresay the tabby was what was available to the film makers that day in the way of stunt-cats.Whatever. I just liked that bit in the books.
1086	Simon Steele	2011-05-15	Ill-informed or just missed what I guess was so obvious to most of you. Now that I think about it, Margarey being a virgin after her wedding night with Renly makes sense now. I guess I didn't pick up on that after reading the books. I did a google search on it and it appears I wasn't alone. I don't follow GRRM interviews so I wasn't aware that he confirmed those characters are gay. Might need to read the books again.Don't feel bad, it is really not obvious to a lot of us until  you go back and look for it.  Then it is obvious and cool how subtle it was. I don't like how the show is handling it though.The last scene was awful compared to the book. My friend and I pulled the book out right when it was done, and the nerds we are he read it out loud to us and it was far more gripping in his monotone rendition. Jory was a badass, killing Lannisters as he fell and Jaime not dirtying his hands at all.I get why they had Jaime do it and all, his character in the show is being set up differently and I'm okay with that, but I think the menace of Jaime is missing. When he came for characters in the books, I was legitimately worried about their fates. Jaime should have shown his amazing fighting abilities--not just a quick shot to the eye. I don't know.I am leaning on this episode being very disappointing.What happened to the fanfare of the tournament? I feel like Sansa was watching all the great knights ride in--asking who they were as they passed. Beric Dondarrion, Loras, and so on. All the great "sers" of the realm. But on screen it translated into about two fights. Very disappointing.
1087	Xenophon	2011-05-15	Most of what I thought has already been said.  Overall, it was really good--interesting change of pace, more exciting than previous episodes.I really like what they're doing with Cat and Tyrion, showing her clearly having some doubts about his guilt--was this in the books?I also thought the Loras/Renly scene was very clever--just like the Viserys/Doreah scene, they fit a lot of exposition into the scene, but kept it interesting by how the information conveyed related to the current relationship between the characters.  Theon felt oddly out of place in the episode.  Anyone have an idea why they put him in this one?A few nits to pick:I don't like how the did the fight with Jaime and Ned. I understand they needed to make Ned put up a fight, Jaime is his vast superior as I understand in the books. Also Loras looks....soft. He's supposed to be a great knight, and the dude they cast for him is in terrible shape. Nitpicking. Agreed on both points.  Loras isn't in terrible shape, but he does not look like a man who practices the art of war daily.Who went down on whom?But who turned the bear into a twink?Fair enough, and I agree.  The outside of the Eyrie, I thought was poor.  But the high hall and the sky cells were spot on.Yeah.  I felt the same.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 15 May 2011 - 11:10 PM.
1088	Simon Steele	2011-05-15	Yeah.Uh, Rainbow Guard.  Duh.Hahahahahaa...I never caught that. What a glaring hint.
1089	Mya Stone	2011-05-15	This thread has far too much cat-discussion in it. ( Why yea, I'm a dog person, how could you tell?) /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Firstly, to whomever said that male gentalia never looks good on tv, I ask - when exacly does it look good?
Secondly, I missed Mya Stone as well, but showing the ride up to the Eyrie would have eaten up precious dollars and minutes. 
And lastly, I loved all the little foreshadowings we got of Ned's fate. When speaking to Barristan, Ned stated that his wife was also glad they never met in the field of battle, since being a widow wouldn't become her. And the Robert stated he wanted to behead Ned himself, which I thought was ironic. 
If it wasn't so damn late, I'd add more, but that's all I can muster right now.
1090	Jaime L	2011-05-15	Fair enough, and I agree. The outside of the Eyrie, I thought was poor. But the high hall and the sky cells were spot on.Honestly, I thought the Eyrie was incredible. Had no idea how the show would capture the feel of the place from the books, but this exceeded all expectations. I mean, sure it was CGI, but I was pretty sure they weren't going to build an impregnable citadel on an unreachable mountain just for filming. Everything about the Eyrie and the Arryns was spot on IMO.Anyway thought all the disparate plotlines the show was weaving really came together in this episode. Probably helped to have no Jon or Dany diversion. Just keep it on the heart of the drama which really was Kings Landing and the Eyrie. Thought the most interesting factor of the series is the omniscient viewpoint we now have. We see Renly and Loras, Varys and LF, Robert and Cersei having frank, meaningful conversations about subjects that take books to glean out because we're limited by our first person narrators. It's a real interesting gambit, to lay all the cards out on the table, really allow us to empathize with all the major players from the get go as opposed to halfway through Storm of Swords. So far, though, think it's both nuanced and effective. But we still get the satisfying moments of LF being supremely cunning and shifty and Jaime being appropriately vile as he jams a knife into Jory's eye. Brilliant episode. Really think the episode can and should serve as the moment where it really starts to click for non-readers.
1091	Triskan	2011-05-15	Secondly, I missed Mya Stone as well, but showing the ride up to the Eyrie would have eaten up precious dollars and minutes. Psssht.   Mya Stone, Schmya Stone.  The highlight of this episode to me was the one-on-one conversation between The Spider and Littlefinger.  The fight between Ned and Jaime was pretty intense and well-choreographed.  Some of the fight scenes in Rome (for as much as I loved it) were pretty weak (not talking about "Thirteenth!", obviously).
1092	Myrish swan	2011-05-15	I liked this episode; I continue to be impressed with the kid who plays Bran. A fantastic actor.
In that vein, I'm going to voice a totally unpopular opinion and say... I am not actually bowled over by the girl who plays Arya's acting. She is good-- very good, for her age-- however, considering the amount of praise she's been getting, I'd expect her to be a bit better. She seems a bit wooden at times, and at others, her line delivery seems a bit... off, somehow. The same is true of Sophie Turner as Sansa, however, she has certainly been criticized plenty thus far. However, I thought her facial expressions at the tournament were pretty well done (her line delivery... not so much.)
Tyrion was awesome... though he has many of the same lines in the book, I get a far different feeling from Peter Dinklige than I did from book Tyrion. The passive aggressiveness, spite, and misogyny are simply not there. In the book, I found his line, "I'm willing if she is," sort of creepy. (And yes, I do realize it was a joke and meant to be funny. However, I also couldn't help but feel that, in the book version, Tyrion was bringing Cat down a peg, and sort of degrading her in front of Bronn in making that comment. It's like he wants to bond with Bronn and the other dudes there by saying creepy, sexual stuff about Cat. Yuck.) However, here, the line was delivered very lightly; it seemed as though Tyrion was talking to himself more than anything; more or less saying "yeah, that's about the last thing in the world that is gonna happen." 
Once again, Mark Addy really impressed me as King Robert. The scene with Ned was... poignant, to say the least. By the look on Ned's face, you could see his mingled disappointment and sorrow over what his once great friend had become. Though Robert's way more of a creep here than in the books, I feel for him far more here. In the books, though "nicer," he never really felt like a fully realized character to me. That was partially because he was very much in the mold of the "jolly, washed up old soldier" archetype; partially because (I suspect) GRRM took pains to make him far more sympathetic than Cersei (whom he obviously wanted to be the clear cut villain.) 
And speaking of Cersei... I don't get all the hate for making her a fairly more complex character than in the books.  All of the stuff that's been highlighted in the series thus far? Cersei being forced to witness her husband philandering; Robert being intentionally cruel to Cersei; Cersei having to grit her teeth and smile through a miserable marriage? ALL of these things are true of the Cersei in the books, too. However, GRRM does everything to draw attention away from this; lest a few readers actually sympathize with this woman he loathes so much.
 In the books, GRRM's hatred of her is so strong, its ridiculous. Still, in the first three books, despite doing everything he can to manipulate readers to hate her, he managed to draw a believable and complex portrait of Cersei.And then in AFFC, he pretty much destroys the character. He takes a complex villain, and turns her into a shrieking caricature. It's as though he takes every possible excuse for Cersei, ambiguity about her motives, or possible justifications for her behavior and says-- "nope, not true. She's just a total evil bitch, with no redeeming qualities. Okay?" Seriously-- he takes pains to show that being married to an abusive drunk did no real damage to her, since she was a murdering sociopath at age 9 (despite the fact that the whole murdering Melara story makes NO SENSE for purely practical reasons.) 
He also makes sure that its clear that she doesn't love Jaime, is blatantly cruel for no reason (neither of which appeared to be true before. Cersei could certainly be cruel, but there were always reasons behind her cruelty.) And of course, lets not forget that she does not really love her kids at all. Despite ample evidence in the first three books that she truly did.  
At any rate, I have no idea why people insist on seeing the caricature of AFFC rather than an actual, believable character. Even villains suffer; even villains have reasons for being the way they are. Is it so hard to believe that Cersei has suffered, that, like nearly everyone else, the things she has gone through have had some influence on shaping who she eventually became. 
In addition, I can appreciate how the show writers do not delight in saying creepy, offensive sexual stuff about Cersei. That is another thing that Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not crazy about in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Myrish swan, 15 May 2011 - 11:42 PM.
1093	Triskan	2011-05-15	In that vein, I'm going to voice a totally unpopular opinion and say... I am not actually bowled over by the girl who plays Arya's acting. She is good-- very good, for her age-- however, considering the amount of praise she's been getting, I'd expect her to be a bit better. She seems a bit wooden at times, and at others, her line delivery seems a bit... off, somehow. The same is true of Sophie Turner as Sansa, however, she has certainly been criticized plenty thus far. However, I thought her facial expressions at the tournament were pretty well done (her line delivery... not so much.)Actually, for as much as I liked her at first, I'm less sold now.  Not bad by any means.  I'm just not as sure that she rocks as I was after the first three.
1094	AutomatedTeller	2011-05-15	Liked a lot of it.  I actually liked the Robert/Cersei scene - I thought it was well acted - though I don't know that it should have been there.
Lyssa breast-feeding the kid, though... that kind of squicked me.   That whole scene was vastly creepier that way.    
Arya is pretty awesome in these.
1095	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-15	Liked the episode.
I enjoyed that the character development is really becoming fuller and we're seeing that all the characters are shades of grey. For example, while in earlier episodes he seemed like a decent guy, we really got a glimpse today of what a total fucking scumbag Littlefinger is. I mean, really - child prostitution, amputee prostitution, murder and necrophilia, slavery. What a winner.
Now that we're seeing Theon more, I'm glad we were introduced to one of his biggest character flaws - the absolutely horrible way he treats women. His character makes my skin crawl. Like crawling with maggots. Ugh.
Nevertheless, way to go Alfie Allen for being the first guy to go full frontal in the series! Mad props!  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
I was also feeling the change in pace. The episode felt much more coherent without flying off to so many locations.
1096	Myrish swan	2011-05-15	I have a theory that they're making her more sympathetic so that when it's revealed that her kids are Jaime's AND she killed her first born AND she has the rest of Robert's bastards put to death it really flips the switch on her.Re: the kids being JaimeÂ<U+0092>sÂ<U+0097>IÂ<U+0092>ve got to ask, does this really make Cersei straight up evil? Why should she be faithful to Robert, honestly? Why should she have the children of a man she loathes, a man who has made her miserable? Having kids with Jaime is sick, weird, and vengeful, but not pure proof that Cersei is PURE EVIL, as you seem to be implying. Re: putting the bastards to deathÂ<U+0097>definitely something that is evil, horrible, and unforgivable. However, in the books, she did that only to protect her own children. Which brings me toÂ<U+0085>Cersei Â<U+0093>killing her firstbornÂ<U+0094>, as you say. Now, IÂ<U+0092>ve been thinking about this a lot lately, and IÂ<U+0092>ve come to the conclusion that yeah, the show probably is going to go this route. And their main motive will probably be to make sure that viewers see that Cersei is the truly evil one; Robert and Ned are good. Otherwise, even if she had had children with her brother, and killed RobertÂ<U+0092>s bastards to protect said children, I suspect some viewers might still sympathize with her. Or, if not sympathize, than some might at least pose the question: was Cersei really so much more evil than her husband, King Robert? After all, he did hit and abuse her. And all of the evil stuff she did, she did for her children. Obviously, asking such questions would ruin the message GRRM wants to send with Cersei. It would also shake CerseiÂ<U+0092>s place as the villain of the series, something that GRRM has been clear about from the beginning. So yeah, they probably are going to throw Cersei murdering her firstborn in there. However, I think this is a heavy handed and stupid move, and I truly hope they do not go this route (though I strongly suggest they will.) This is because it totally goes against CerseiÂ<U+0092>s character as she was presented in the first three books.  As with GRRMÂ<U+0092>s Â<U+0093>CerseiÂ<U+0094> chapters in AFFC, making Cersei kill her firstborn is making Cersei act out of character for the sake of showing her as unforgivable, pure evil, etc. However in the books (and here, thus far) Cersei loves her children and would do anything for them. I cannot picture her murdering her already born child, even her child by Robert. (And yes, I realize that she did drink the moon tea to get rid of RobertÂ<U+0092>s baby in the books. However, aborting a fetus that is a few months old is totally different from killing an already born baby.)
1097	Jaime L	2011-05-15	Lyssa breast-feeding the kid, though... that kind of squicked me.   That whole scene was vastly creepier that way.    I wonder who volunteered their kid to play little Robert Arryn.Cause, I dunno, of nightmarish roles kid actors have to play that they may never live down, getting to play a sickly, hyper, still breastfeeding 8 year old is pretty near tops on the list.
1098	Trebla	2011-05-15	Ya know, I'm getting to the point where I don't blame tv Lancel for giving Robert the spiked wine. After the way Robert treats him, I'd wanna brain him with his own hammer. You just KNOW robert makes him wear that hat!
1099	Xenophon	2011-05-15	I liked this episode; I continue to be impressed with the kid who plays Bran. A fantastic actor.In that vein, I'm going to voice a totally unpopular opinion and say... I am not actually bowled over by the girl who plays Arya's acting. She is good-- very good, for her age-- however, considering the amount of praise she's been getting, I'd expect her to be a bit better. She seems a bit wooden at times, and at others, her line delivery seems a bit... off, somehow. Yeah, she wasn't as good this episode.  And the kid playing Bran is doing a great job with very few lines.
1100	Xenophon	2011-05-15	I wonder who volunteered their kid to play little Robert Arryn.Cause, I dunno, of nightmarish roles kid actors have to play that they may never live down, getting to play a sickly, hyper, still breastfeeding 8 year old is pretty near tops on the list.I know!  I could barely appreciate the scene, I was so creeped out on that kid's behalf.  I'm sure he tries to spin it as cool with his friends, boobs in his face and all, but that is one seriously disturbing role to play.
1101	Myrish swan	2011-05-15	LNow that we're seeing Theon more, I'm glad we were introduced to one of his biggest character flaws - the absolutely horrible way he treats women. Yeah. Here, like in the books, he makes Tyrion's weird, master/ servant plus fantasy girlfriend relationship with Shae look almost decent. And that's saying a lot. Liked the episode.I enjoyed that the character development is really becoming fuller and we're seeing that all the characters are shades of grey. For example, while in earlier episodes he seemed like a decent guy, we really got a glimpse today of what a total fucking scumbag Littlefinger is. I mean, really - child prostitution, amputee prostitution, murder and necrophilia, slavery. What a winner.Yeah, i'm loving their portrayal of Littlefinger thus far. In the books, it's always seemed to me that GRRM identifies with LF a bit too much; if Tyrion is his alter ego, Petyr Baelish is his id. He constantly voices all the more nasty, inappropriate thoughts that GRRM obviously does not want to alienate readers with by placing in Tyrion's mouth. However, as a result I think GRRM has always over indulged LF. He's every bit as bad as Cersei, but he's portrayed as a badass, a "magnificent bastard," while she is degraded as a stupid, worthless she devil. So I'm glad to see here that the TV writers are not afraid to show how truly unsavory LF is. No highlighting of his brilliance, no effort to make his evil deeds appear "badass," just a presentation of him as he is.
1102	Triskan	2011-05-15	Ya know, I'm getting to the point where I don't blame tv Lancel for giving Robert the spiked wine. After the way Robert treats him, I'd wanna brain him with his own hammer. You just KNOW robert makes him wear that hat!"Lancel!!!  What kind of a stupid name is 'Lancel?'  Come 'ere and put on this stupid hat to go with your stupid name, Lannister!  Don't ever let me see you without that hat!"
					
					
							Edited by Triskele, 15 May 2011 - 11:37 PM.
1103	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-05-15	Oh, I forgot to say something about Loras. I hate it when people complain about actors not physically matching the characters, but I'll do so now because I can't get beyond this one thing.
It actually made it difficult for me to watch the manscaping scene because Loras was so obviously not an athelete and when they talked about what a great sword fighter he was I just couldn't be convinced by the scene. I like what they're doing with his character, but I will never be able to buy into the protrayal of Loras because they didn't even try to make him appear to be a fighter. And he's one of the most famous swordsmen that we'll meet! 
I think it bothered me so much because it was such a sharp contrast with the other shirtless scene - Theon, who was all muscle-y.
1104	Jaime Lannister	2011-05-15	Oh, I forgot to say something about Loras. I hate it when people complain about actors not physically matching the characters, but I'll do so now because I can't get beyond this one thing.It actually made it difficult for me to watch the manscaping scene because Loras was so obviously not an athlete and when they talked about what a great sword fighter he was I just couldn't be convinced by the scene. I like what they're doing with his character, but I will never be able to buy into the protrayal of Loras because they didn't even try to make him appear to be a fighter. And he's one of the most famous swordsmen that we'll meet! I think it bothered me so much because it was such a sharp contrast with the other shirtless scene - Theon, who was all muscle-y.I get what you're saying. I certainly wouldn't feel intimidated by a shirtless Loras coming at me. But he's supposed to be what, 17, in the books? Maybe He's 18 or so for the show. I always got the impression his skill was based on speed and agility, not brute strength. If Arya can stab and kill grown men at arms, I think Loras can manage. But still, they could have given him at least a Jon Snow type build I guess...
1105	Lord Godric	2011-05-15	"Lancel!!!  What kind of a stupid name is 'Lancel?'  Come 'ere and put on this stupid hat to go with your stupid name, Lannister!  Don't ever let me see you without that hat!"Oh, shit.  Robert would totally do this! And I love it!
1106	Maester Cressan	2011-05-16	I didn't get the time spent on Theon Greyjoy this episode.
Bran's bit was okay, but Theon doesn't need anymore attention until he kills the wildlings trying to take Bran prisoner.
Better to spend the time with Robb, or Jon, or Dany.  Or give The Hound some extra time.  Or anything other then Theon and Roz.  Why is she getting so much development?
1107	Triskan	2011-05-16	Better to spend the time with Robb, or Jon, or Dany.  Or give The Hound some extra time.  Or anything other then Theon and Roz.  Why is she getting so much development?So HBO can show more tits, duh./tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1108	Maester Cressan	2011-05-16	Oh, I forgot to say something about Loras. I hate it when people complain about actors not physically matching the characters, but I'll do so now because I can't get beyond this one thing.It actually made it difficult for me to watch the manscaping scene because Loras was so obviously not an athelete and when they talked about what a great sword fighter he was I just couldn't be convinced by the scene. I like what they're doing with his character, but I will never be able to buy into the protrayal of Loras because they didn't even try to make him appear to be a fighter. And he's one of the most famous swordsmen that we'll meet! I think it bothered me so much because it was such a sharp contrast with the other shirtless scene - Theon, who was all muscle-y.  Actually, as I recall, Loras is not a great swordsman, he's a great jouster.  Which is a different build, and uses different muscles.
1109	Rockroi	2011-05-16	Maybe my favorite episode so far this season. What I liked:Ned v. Jaime:  Let's just take the gloves off and let's just get right down to it.  Enough of the point-counter-point; enough of the "who-should-have-killed-Aerys"; Enough of the who owes what to whom; let's just fucking try to kill each other while neither one of us is actually trying to kill the other.  Let's see who is actually the better man.  I like that Jaime was theer without armor, sword at the ready, and with eyes only for Ned, even when he took Jory's out with his dagger.  That sword fight was epic.  I knew neither would die, but ... but I guess I wanted to see who would win.  When the soldier interfered (as I think we all knew he would), Jaime's reaction was priceless- "Now, I'll never know." But Ned's was better: "I have 2 feet of pine sticking out of my leg; three of my men are dead, I am on my knees and bleeding, maybe to death.  But you, Lannister, will not hear me scream."  It really was the Wolf and the Lion. Cersei v. Robert: Easily the most controversial scene in the episode, people just don't like having a more sympathetic Cersei.  Well, sorry, but I think we all should have had some sympathy for her (for reasons expressed time and time again).  Robert illustrated perfectly why he is terrified of a Targaryen resurgence on the back of dothrakai screamers; for the first time we saw a man who actually had foresight and vision- even if it was at the end of a lance.  He sees what his realm's problems are and how a Targaryen resurgence is possible.  And in his voice... just that hint of paranoia over Ned, over Jaime, over Tywin, over Cersei, over himself.  But Cersei had this scene the whole time- this is her husband and she spoke to him like a wife, calling him Robb, taking his bait on the "Which is greater: 5 or 1" question.  And then finally giving him the out she wants to hear: Tell me we could have made it together.  That's all I ask.  Tell me you could see in me something you could not see in Lyanna; that these 17 years together were not all for nothing.  And Robert was- once again -so brutally honest.  He doesn't even remember what Lyanna looked like.  But he remembers what she made him feel like.  The reason I liked that scene was because we come face-to-face with true, fleshed out people and not the shadowy people we have come to know through Martin's POV system (please do not mistake me: Martin's POV system is tremendous and adds so much to the story- BUT there are things lost in it as well).  Are we to believe these two people NEVER had this kind of talk?  It would be barbaric.  No, when push comes to shove there is some respect for the other, enough to try to see the other.  Enough to, still, try to hurt the other.  And then deny the pain.And Addy's Robert is now, officially, the character in the series who improved the most on the books.  Second, is Viserys.  Jury still out on Cersei. Bran v. Cat (through her proxy, Master Lewyn):  Maybe the best scene in the show (that didn't involve swords).  Bran shows us how hurt he has been for being abandoned.  Sure, he has a castle around him and sure, he has sworn men and masters etc.  But abandoned is abandoned, and that's how he feels.  And I like how Arya is not the only smart child. I like that Bran actually has feelings that would be be expected in a CHILD his age.  The Hound v. the Mountain: I was afraid they were not going to include this.  Nice to see the spirit of the book carried through.  Great stuff. And I like watching the Hound and the Mountain swing swords at each other.  Loras v. Renly: Maybe the most important scene in the show, this scene answered an age-old question: what the FUCK got into Renly that made him think he could upjump Stannis?  even after you get past the abominations, how do you get it in your head that YOU- and not STANNIS -should be King.  Maybe a little flower told you?  And maybe- just maybe -you are a little peeved that you had no war to fight, no castle to hold for a year, no prince to sink your war hammer into (That sounded a lot less gay inside my head).  I like that we finally got some meat on the Renly bone (that sounded gay the whole time).  The scene was a little heavy-handed, but it was worth it.Tyrion v. Lysa Arryn: I like this new imagined Lysa: fuck the fat, she's just bat-shit crazy.  And skinny.  And they kept in the 5-year old breast feeding (Creep-E).  She sits on that dead wirewood throne and you think for a second she may sprout wings and try to feed off the dead.  Great job.  And I like the Call back to Return of the King: Remember, if somebody is left in charge of a mideval castle and its located very high up on, say, a mountain, they turn crazy.  Bank on it. Not Sure About:Loras v. Renly: Look, I get it, they're gay.  But do they have to be that ... gay?  I mean, okay fine, he likes hairless men, but two characters have not touched themselves that much in any scene so why does it has to be via creepy shaving?  And could we have had more slurping sounds on blow job scene?  (and please, I'm no prude because its homosexual attraction: I think its fine if we saw them boffing; its the creepyness factor; like looking at Theon's glissening wang- I don't mind that I see it as much as I see it... like glowing in the dark).  Theon v. the World: Okay, we can kind of get it now.  He's pissed because he's a ward/hostage.  Fine.  Did we need two more scenes of it?  We could have EASILY put in more Tyrion with that.Did Not Like:Varys v. Littlefinger: Uh... the whole point is that they don't EVER fight out in the open.  EVER!  Yes, I get it, we needed that scene so that we could ... wait... we didn't need that scene in the book?  It really was just filler.  Emo-Lorase: When he ever came out, trapsing on the horse, long hair lazily flowing, that rose limply in his hand: I mean, did you expect him to joust or talk about how much he hated his materialistic parents?  I honestly expected him to pull out a guitar and say, "I wrote this song last night while I was thinking about the tyranny over the proletariat and how veal is murder."  ALL POINTS BULLETIN!!!!!:  Westeroes officials need your help!  They are putting out an Amber alert!!!   Please be on the look out for the following:Grey WolfSummerShaggydogAny Scene with Joff Speaking.  Like at all.  Rickon StarkA scene wherein a Kingsguard actually guards the King.  Okay, some of that is totally nit-picking.  And its not entirely fair because this was the best episode so far in the series, and they ahve been getting better one after the other.Edited to fix a major name.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 16 May 2011 - 12:31 AM.
1110	Oberyn42	2011-05-16	just like the books...no jon, no dany = meh.
1111	TerraPrime	2011-05-16	However, as a result I think GRRM has always over indulged LF. He's every bit as bad as Cersei, but he's portrayed as a badass, a "magnificent bastard," while she is degraded as a stupid, worthless she devil. Hmm... no.Cercei doesn't get as much popularity as Littlefinger does because she's a dumb villain and Petyr is a smart villain.
1112	Triskan	2011-05-16	Rockroi - Lots of good thoughts, but you've got a major Freudian slip to correct, at least thrice by my count.
1113	tybeechris	2011-05-16	Loved it!  So intense, I couldn't move, sat frozen, glued for a solid hour.Wonder about child actors and what they can and can't have them doing...  I mean, Lysa and Sweetrobin and that big swollen breast..  GAAAKKKK.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />I was wondering about that too. Since the child is so young, I bet it was a fake plastic breast. It is HBO but somehow that seems too much. Wish they had spent more time in the Eyrie.
1114	damian	2011-05-16	Lancel v. Renly/unsure.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
1115	damian	2011-05-16	Rockroi - Lots of good thoughts, but you've got a major Freudian slip to correct, at least thrice by my count.lol
1116	Ormond	2011-05-16	Maybe my favorite episode so far this season. What I liked:Ned v. Jaime:  Let's just take the gloves off and let's just get right down to it.  Enough of the point-counter-point; enough of the "who-should-have-killed-Aerys"; Enough of the who owes what to whom; let's just fucking try to kill each other while neither one of us is actually trying to kill the other.  Let's see who is actually the better man.  I like that Jaime was theer without armor, sword at the ready, and with eyes only for Ned, even when he took Jory's out with his dagger.  That sword fight was epic.  I knew neither would die, but ... but I guess I wanted to see who would win.  When the soldier interfered (as I think we all knew he would), Jaime's reaction was priceless- "Now, I'll never know." But Ned's was better: "I have 2 feet of pine sticking out of my leg; three of my men are dead, I am on my knees and bleeding, maybe to death.  But you, Lannister, will not hear me scream."  It really was the Wolf and the Lion. Cersei v. Robert: Easily the most controversial scene in the episode, people just don't like having a more sympathetic Cersei.  Well, sorry, but I think we all should have had some sympathy for her (for reasons expressed time and time again).  Robert illustrated perfectly why he is terrified of a Targaryen resurgence on the back of dothrakai screamers; for the first time we saw a man who actually had foresight and vision- even if it was at the end of a lance.  He sees what his realm's problems are and how a Targaryen resurgence is possible.  And in his voice... just that hint of paranoia over Ned, over Jaime, over Tywin, over Cersei, over himself.  But Cersei had this scene the whole time- this is her husband and she spoke to him like a wife, calling him Robb, taking his bait on the "Which is greater: 5 or 1" question.  And then finally giving him the out she wants to hear: Tell me we could have made it together.  That's all I ask.  Tell me you could see in me something you could not see in Lyanna; that these 17 years together were not all for nothing.  And Robert was- once again -so brutally honest.  He doesn't even remember what Lyanna looked like.  But he remembers what she made him feel like.  The reason I liked that scene was because we come face-to-face with true, fleshed out people and not the shadowy people we have come to know through Martin's POV system (please do not mistake me: Martin's POV system is tremendous and adds so much to the story- BUT there are things lost in it as well).  Are we to believe these two people NEVER had this kind of talk?  It would be barbaric.  No, when push comes to shove there is some respect for the other, enough to try to see the other.  Enough to, still, try to hurt the other.  And then deny the pain.And Addy's Robert is now, officially, the character in the series who improved the most on the books.  Second, is Viserys.  Jury still out on Cersei. Bran v. Cat (through her proxy, Master Lewyn):  Maybe the best scene in the show (that didn't involve swords).  Bran shows us how hurt he has been for being abandoned.  Sure, he has a castle around him and sure, he has sworn men and masters etc.  But abandoned is abandoned, and that's how he feels.  And I like how Arya is not the only smart child. I like that Bran actually has feelings that would be be expected in a CHILD his age.  The Hound v. the Mountain: I was afraid they were not going to include this.  Nice to see the spirit of the book carried through.  Great stuff. And I like watching the Hound and the Mountain swing swords at each other.  Lancel v. Renly: Maybe the most important scene in the show, this scene answered an age-old question: what the FUCK got into Renly that made him think he could upjump Stannis?  even after you get past the abominations, how do you get it in your head that YOU- and not STANNIS -should be King.  Maybe a little flower told you?  And maybe- just maybe -you are a little peeved that you had no war to fight, no castle to hold for a year, no prince to sink your war hammer into (That sounded a lot less gay inside my head).  I like that we finally got some meat on the Renly bone (that sounded gay the whole time).  The scene was a little heavy-handed, but it was worth it.Tyrion v. Lysa Arryn: I like this new imagined Lysa: fuck the fat, she's just bat-shit crazy.  And skinny.  And they kept in the 5-year old breast feeding (Creep-E).  She sits on that dead wirewood throne and you think for a second she may sprout wings and try to feed off the dead.  Great job.  And I like the Call back to Return of the King: Remember, if somebody is left in charge of a mideval castle and its located very high up on, say, a mountain, they turn crazy.  Bank on it. Not Sure About:Lancel v. Renly: Look, I get it, they're gay.  But do they have to be that ... gay?  I mean, okay fine, he likes hairless men, but two characters have not touched themselves that much in any scene so why does it has to be via creepy shaving?  And could we have had more slurping sounds on blow job scene?  (and please, I'm no prude because its homosexual attraction: I think its fine if we saw them boffing; its the creepyness factor; like looking at Theon's glissening wang- I don't mind that I see it as much as I see it... like glowing in the dark).  Theon v. the World: Okay, we can kind of get it now.  He's pissed because he's a ward/hostage.  Fine.  Did we need two more scenes of it?  We could have EASILY put in more Tyrion with that.Did Not Like:Varys v. Littlefinger: Uh... the whole point is that they don't EVER fight out in the open.  EVER!  Yes, I get it, we needed that scene so that we could ... wait... we didn't need that scene in the book?  It really was just filler.  Emo-Lancel: When he ever came out, trapsing on the horse, long hair lazily flowing, that rose limply in his hand: I mean, did you expect him to joust or talk about how much he hated his materialistic parents?  I honestly expected him to pull out a guitar and say, "I wrote this song last night while I was thinking about the tyranny over the proletariat and how veal is murder."  ALL POINTS BULLETIN!!!!!:  Westeroes officials need your help!  They are putting out an Amber alert!!!   Please be on the look out for the following:Grey WolfSummerShaggydogAny Scene with Joff Speaking.  Like at all.  Rickon StarkA scene wherein a Kingsguard actually guards the King.  Okay, some of that is totally nit-picking.  And its not entirely fair because this was the best episode so far in the series, and they ahve been getting better one after the other.
1117	Seerow	2011-05-16	I was pretty disappointed with the missing "I never bet against my family" line from Tyrion. If I recall correctly that line in the book showed up after the fight with the mountain clans. I'm hoping it still makes an appearance in his trial in the upcoming episode.
Anyway, aside from that, I liked the episode, especially the added/changed scenes. I much preferred Jaime/Ned fighting to Ned's horse slipping and crushing him. Tyrion bashing a guy to death with a shield instead of picking up an axe and becoming a god of war (I like this in the same way I liked them taking out the random drunken flip from Winterfell, it makes him more believable). And both the Robbert/Cercei and Varys/Littlefinger scenes I really enjoyed. Renly/Loras seemed a bit over the top, but the information conveyed through the dialogue almost makes up for it (giving Renly his motive for going for the throne, and introducing several new characters, including finally a Stannis namedrop).
1118	Winter is Icumen in	2011-05-16	Hello, all.  I just joined this forum tonight.  Read the books when they first came out and am awaiting number 5.  This is an excellent series so far.  I have some quibbles but they pale in contrast to the amazing adaptation here.  One of my favorite scenes in this episode is Robert's and Cersei's conversation.  It's a brief truce in their relationship.  Yes, Robert is brutally honest, and you can see that Cersei is telling herself it's ok to murder him. 
She will change after her son dies in front of her eyes, in great agony.
I assume the two men in the dungeon were Varys and Ilyrio?  I wondered who they were when I read the books.  I know some of you are close readers.  Correct?  If not do we know who they are?
1119	smegma	2011-05-16	Favorite episode so far. Some points:
- Loras looks exactly like the kind of boy that teen girls dream of. He's made to not look hot, but really "pretty". Think Leo DiCaprio in Titanic. 
- I always kind of hated that Lysa had gone fat in madness, to me this skinny version was much more apropos. Definitely a fake breast, but still excellently creepy. 
- Cat did a great job of showing just a hint of doubt at Tyrion's character. 
- I love the casting of Marillion. He's cute and has a nice voice.
- I think the scene between Loras and Renly did a wonderful job of showing so many things: their relationship, the Tyrell's, Loras's thirst for battle, how Renly gets the idea for being king, how he is well loved, etc. I really liked that he didn't like blood, I think it is a change from the book but it shows how Renly would not have been a bloodthirsty king, but rather only doing only what was required of him (and how he hates the idea of killing Dany and Viserys but concedes that it's probably the wisest thing).
- So we get the infamous scene between Cersei and Robert that the critics were raving about. I see what they mean. Excellent. I loved the line about her speaking and Tywin's words coming out. Totally establishes what moves she makes next. 
- Miss Jon and Dany, but I get why they didn't go there and I think it was a wise decision.
- LOVED Bran's scene. I think it gave some great exposition, but also showed him hurting for his mother. Still created a niggling in the back of my mind that they are setting Bran up to be evil, ala Evil Bran Theory (I both hope it's not true and that it is - I can go either way). 
- Theon was given more exposition, he's good at archery, treats women badly, has a chip on his shoulder but still shows respect to the Starks, almost unconsciously - but he's being called out on it more and more. Sets his arc up nicely. 
- Jory /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> My favorite incidental character. I loved Jaime's expressions as they were fighting, and the best part was hitting the soldier that stabbed Ned. 
- OMG FIRE NINA GOLD THE CAT WAS TOO SMALL  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
					
					
							Edited by smegma, 16 May 2011 - 12:39 AM.
1120	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-16	yep it was Ilyrio and Varys. 
Lysa scene creeped me out. definatly got the crazy chick down.
1121	Kilroy	2011-05-16	I sort of wished they had shown just a touch more about the Eyrie. I thought the travel to the fortress was some of the charm of the place. Passing through all the check points all the defensive positions and then that narrow mule track to the elevator pulley system. Not to mention the characters they meet along the way. I see that they changed the look of the Eyrie and how to get up there with that long bridge. It sort of distorted my image of the place. I always imagined it as a more terrestrial location, a massive mountain surrounded by the winding spiral trail and peaked by the airy fortress. The show kind of made it look more "typical fantasy" than realistic. I guess that's the only complaint I have. Lysa is just as insane as she is in the book. The prosthetic suckling boob was a nice touch. The Eryie dungeon was nice to see realized. I always imagined a box instead of an arched room but that's not a story changer.
Littlefinger is getting a lot more screen time than he did in the book IMO. Probably because the actor is accomplished from his stint on "The Wire" so they gave him more lines to fill in details of the story. It's a good character so I don't mind. The Spider is as good as ever though I would expect him to be a bit more quiet as well.
Loras... yea. I guess I expected him to look a bit more fit and a little less rich gay music playing noble. Couldn't have hurt to ask the actor to work out a bit more before the role. Otherwise I don't think it's breaks the story too bad. A bit more subtly would have been better I think.
Otherwise I liked the episode. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1122	enigma	2011-05-16	Hello, all.  I just joined this forum tonight.  Read the books when they first came out and am awaiting number 5.  This is an excellent series so far.  I have some quibbles but they pale in contrast to the amazing adaptation here.  One of my favorite scenes in this episode is Robert's and Cersei's conversation.  It's a brief truce in their relationship.  Yes, Robert is brutally honest, and you can see that Cersei is telling herself it's ok to murder him. She will change after her son dies in front of her eyes, in great agony.I assume the two men in the dungeon were Varys and Ilyrio?  I wondered who they were when I read the books.  I know some of you are close readers.  Correct?  If not do we know who they are?Yes, the two men in the dunegon are Varys and Ilyrio, confirmed by the author in a fan-question session (it's ambiguous in the books, though).Also, great episode, but the casting of Loras is terrible. Loras is supposed to be a premier jouster, but looks like he's completely out of shape.  I don't buy the arguement that jousting uses 'different muscles' - like any strenuous physical activity, it will make you really lean and well-toned.  HBO's Loras looks skinny-fat, and it breaks my suspension of disbelief when he talks about training with weapons all day.
1123	aeu	2011-05-16	My favorite background detail of the series so far: Someone wrote "Time to Fly" on the walls of Tyrion's sky cell, in what seems to be blood.
1124	Vindor Clegane	2011-05-16	I'm lovin the mountain. Guy is just as badass as I imagined. 
I agree Loras could be a little bigger, but he is just a teenage boy afterall. With armor and a sword, speed and technique will shine. I never envisioned him to be as deadly as the Kingslayer or the Hound. We clearly see what the Mountain was gonna do to him if his bro didnt step in.
1125	Winterfelled	2011-05-16	I have never been one who believed that adaptations are married to the source material, no matter how good that source is, and I expected differences between the books and the show. So far, I have been thrilled by the changes, because nothing is lost, and it allows the characters and the show a little room to breathe. What is the point of adaptation if it's going to be a shot-for-shot remake? Just read the books if that's all you want.
I love that Cersei is so well-rounded in the show. That's the whole calling card of the series, that everyone is sympathetic in some way, and that even the "good guys" do things that could be viewed as naive and selfish. Fleshing Cersei out a bit has been brilliant, and Lena is up to the task. 
This episode was by far the best of the series, I think. There haven't been any clunkers, but last week's effort was a marked improvement over the somewhat lifeless third episode, and tonight's show was even better than that. And that's what we want, isn't it? A show that gets better every week? 
There's a LOT of exposition, but with so much important history and backstory to relay, it can't be avoided. They've done an admirable job of keeping the "As you know, Bob..." conversations to a minimum. I'm failing to understand why people are complaining about the Theon scenes, since the people complaining obviously have read the books and know how he becomes a pretty major character later on. When Theon goes home later on, how is the viewer going to share in his alienation if the place feels foreign to them? Keeping Theon on stage is vital for that. Otherwise nobody is going to care.
Great series, better than I could have hoped. I really wish people would stop nitpicking.
1126	vgz	2011-05-16	Agreed. And would it have killed them to get an actor that isn't built like a 10 year old boy.I agree with you 100% regarding the actor being built like a 10 yr old.  Reading the book I pictured him more of what a warrior would look like.  Very disappointing.
1127	smegma	2011-05-16	Also, helllllooooo Alfie Allen. Now I can see why you played the lead in Equus. Not bad, not bad at all.
1128	GreatswordIce	2011-05-16	Great episode, loved it, but didnt like they changed eddards leg scene, and loras and renly??? wtf?
1129	AquariumDrinker	2011-05-16	I read as much of the thread as I could, but sleep calls and I am about to pass out. My favorite scene was the mountain clan skirmish.
Bronn is the fucking man!!!
I really enjoyed watching Tyrion struggle with wanting to jump on a horse and escape, then deciding to defend Cat. 
Bronn had the best fight choreography so far, he killed with such ease and his swordwork was excellent.
1130	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	Loved this episode. The shit has now hit the fan.
First impressions:
- Loved the Robert/Cersei scene. Best part of the episode. Superb writing and performances.
- The Eyrie looks cool, especially the Sky Cells. Robin and Lysa Arryn are creepy as fuck. That is a scary, unhinged place.
- Bronn kicks ass in the fight scene.
- The Hound vs the Mountain was really cool.
- Loras looks like a little bitch. Also I think he might be gay.
- The Small Council meeting was really well done. Ned was excellent in that scene. Robert bellowing as he left the room was a nice touch.
- I generally enjoyed the Varys/Littlefinger scene. Littlefinger knows about Illyrio's visit? Interesting. The dude who plays Varys is spot on.
- The Ned/Jaime showdown was epic.
ETA: Robert fucking with Lancel is hilarious.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 16 May 2011 - 01:28 AM.
1131	Morrigan	2011-05-16	I dare say... best episode yet? Action-packed, to be sure.Pros:- The Hound / the Mountain fighting. Bad. Ass. \m/- Bronn being also badass. - Varys vs Littlefinger's battle of wits was a bit forced, but still great.- Poor Jory /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> - Arya chasing cats <3  /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />- Lysa's different than what I imagined, but she's still a creepy, disgusting bitch. *approves*- Jaime kicking that soldier's ass over the cheap shot to Ned's leg. Nice! And yet somehow very in-character, I thought.Cons (minor):- more exposition through silly nudity (Theon / Ros). Way to make sure people don't pay attention to the dialogue guys /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />- no Dany / Jon. no time for it in the episode, but still, pity.- non-canonical "I loved Robert once" Cersei still annoys me, but I have to admit Lena plays her pretty well. I just have to get used to the fact that Cersei's a different character than from the book...- okay, so Loras / Renly are non-ambiguously gay and very much so, I don't mind that, but why did they make Renly such a "eww blood!" pansy? come on now  /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' /> - Loras looks like a little bitch. Also I think he might be gay.I LOLed. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1132	Kalbear	2011-05-16	Cersei v. Robert: Easily the most controversial scene in the episode, people just don't like having a more sympathetic Cersei. Well, sorry, but I think we all should have had some sympathy for her (for reasons expressed time and time again). Robert illustrated perfectly why he is terrified of a Targaryen resurgence on the back of dothrakai screamers; for the first time we saw a man who actually had foresight and vision- even if it was at the end of a lance. He sees what his realm's problems are and how a Targaryen resurgence is possible. And in his voice... just that hint of paranoia over Ned, over Jaime, over Tywin, over Cersei, over himself. But Cersei had this scene the whole time- this is her husband and she spoke to him like a wife, calling him Robb, taking his bait on the "Which is greater: 5 or 1" question. And then finally giving him the out she wants to hear: Tell me we could have made it together. That's all I ask. Tell me you could see in me something you could not see in Lyanna; that these 17 years together were not all for nothing. And Robert was- once again -so brutally honest. He doesn't even remember what Lyanna looked like. But he remembers what she made him feel like. The reason I liked that scene was because we come face-to-face with true, fleshed out people and not the shadowy people we have come to know through Martin's POV system (please do not mistake me: Martin's POV system is tremendous and adds so much to the story- BUT there are things lost in it as well). Are we to believe these two people NEVER had this kind of talk? It would be barbaric. No, when push comes to shove there is some respect for the other, enough to try to see the other. Enough to, still, try to hurt the other. And then deny the pain.And Addy's Robert is now, officially, the character in the series who improved the most on the books. Second, is Viserys. Jury still out on Cersei.Agreed. While there were a ton of great moments lifted from the book - the east road, Arya's overhearing, the tournament, the decision on Dany, Ned's sudden yet inevitable betrayal - this was the best part.I guess one of the things that I'm finding is that the show is far more interesting in the spaces that I've not seen or read before. I don't need to see a tournament or a Dothraki or a dragonskull or a dragon's egg. I don't need to see the duels and the conversations verbatim. That's all great, but I've already experienced a great version of that; the best that can happen is that it's realized as great as it is in the books, like Arya's training.But the new scenes - they're awesome. It's like the deleted scenes version of the books. It's like getting to read the books and finding a whole new detail all over again. And in this case, it was a truly tremendously well-acted scene between Cersei and Robert. The weight of their loveless, unhappy marriage in which they stay together because of duty but loathe each other. The struggle for normalcy and candor when every word is an opening. The burden of 17 years knowing every little flaw and slight of the other. It was a tremendous scene that makes me love the direction they're taking Cersei all the more; book Cersei could never be so vulnerable with Robert, so human, and Robert could never be so open with book Cersei. Just phenomenal work. I'm downright astounded at those who think otherwise; seeing that scene and thinking not about how great the acting was  or the poignancy or the sheer perfection of it from the standpoint of it being so...fucking fitting for Westeros and GRRM, but instead how it's not in the books or it's not the Cersei they read about? Wow.Just great.Loras really should be built more. He might not be a mass of muscle, but he should at least look like he's occasionally worn armor. Bad choice, that. That's really my only quibble of this ep. Astounding, well-paced ep from start to finish.
1133	Myrish swan	2011-05-16	Hmm... no.Cercei doesn't get as much popularity as Littlefinger does because she's a dumb villain and Petyr is a smart villain.Yeah, and GRRM made it that way for a reason.Furthermore, there is a hell of a lot differing in the LF/ Cersei portraits than just their intelligence.The difference is largely in presentation, but the end result is the same-- LF ends up largely beloved; Cersei despised. If you want me to expand on all the ridiculous ways in which GRRM glorifies Petyr and demonizes (or simply degrades) Cersei, I will, but I don't want to take  up too much thread space on such an obvious issue.
1134	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-16	I just watched it (my HBO got cut off, so I had to watch a later showing).1. Gregor Clegane looks very damn awesome and terrifying. Better than how I imagined him, although I imagined Book-Gregor being taller. This guy looks like a monster, the type of guy who would rape an innkeeper's daughter on a table in front of the father, or have a failed outrider's eyes cut out and given to the next outrider as a warning against failure. 2. I actually liked the Varys vs Littlefinger pettiness and wordplay. 3. Robert was still perfect - he's been one of the better portrayed characters so far. I liked some of what he talked about with Cersei, although not the whole "Our marriage sucks, doesn't it?" bit. 4. I'm still divided on Show-Cersei vs Book-Cersei. I like how Show-Cersei is more sympathetic, but I still think I like Book-Cersei more. 5. The Sky Cell is too big - he's got an actual room in there. I think it should have been much smaller (IIRC, Tyrion had something like five feet from door to sky, and was constantly afraid he'd accidentally roll off in his sleep). The difference is largely in presentation, but the end result is the same-- LF ends up largely beloved; Cersei despised.I'd hardly say Littlefinger is "widely beloved." He's damn clever and good at the Game of Thrones, but he's also got a serious pedophile vibe going in his relations with Sansa. Most people think he's sleazy.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 16 May 2011 - 02:02 AM.
1135	Chirios	2011-05-16	What I thought at the end of the episode:
"It's like Logen said. You can never have too many knives."
1136	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-16	Side-note, but I'm very sad that we're already halfway through the season.
1137	Myrish swan	2011-05-16	But the new scenes - they're awesome. It's like the deleted scenes version of the books. It's like getting to read the books and finding a whole new detail all over again. Hmmm.... you know, a lot of people might disagree with me here, however, I think the Cersei/ Robert scene was not like anything seen in the books. I actually think (just when it comes to these two characters) that the T.V. show has actually been a great improvement on the books. Not to denigrate the books. I know they contain this wonderful, rich, imagined world of Westeros to begin with, and are filled with many colorful characters. However, keeping in mind that nothing is perfect, I'm going to put it out there that I think some of the characters (including a few of the main ones) are fairly...unbeliveable. And this cannot be attributed solely to the POV system. In particular, Cersei and especially Robert have struck me as two underdeveloped characters. Not to mention the fact that their relationship with each other was a very simplistic view of a sterotypically unhappy marriage; with Cersei as the emasculating, shrewish wife, and King Bob as the philandering husband. Here, in the T.V. show, we get two truly complex, well- thought out characters, with a believable history and complex relationship with each other.  The weight of their loveless, unhappy marriage in which they stay together because of duty but loathe each other. The struggle for normalcy and candor when every word is an opening. The burden of 17 years knowing every little flaw and slight of the other. It was a tremendous scene that makes me love the direction they're taking Cersei all the more; book Cersei could never be so vulnerable with Robert, so human, and Robert could never be so open with book Cersei. I actually don't think book Robert would have been capable of such complex, adult thoughts and feelings as T.V. Robert clearly is. Book Robert always struck me as little boy trapped in a man's body; T.V. Robert clearly deals with grown up emotions, but does everything he can to repress them.At this point, after scenes like this drawing sympathy for Cersei, I fear more and more that the writers are going to go down the "Cersei poisoned her little baby by Robert!" route. Now that she mentioned "our son," to him, we know that it was not all just some story she made up to throw Cat off. Furthermore, Cersei (or at least people tend to claim) needs to be unsympathetic. At this point, despite the affair with Jaime, and even having Robert's bastard children killed to protect her own, I'd say that she engenders some sympathy. Which makes me suspect that Cersei will admit to Ned she killed her firstborn son. Which honestly makes no sense whatsoever to  me, given everything I know about Cersei thus far from both the movies and the books. Oh well. I'm downright astounded at those who think otherwise; seeing that scene and thinking not about how great the acting was  or the poignancy or the sheer perfection of it from the standpoint of it being so...fucking fitting for Westeros and GRRM, but instead how it's not in the books or it's not the Cersei they read about? Wow.Yeah, I don't get the need that some people have to have Cersei be PURE EVIL and totally unsympathetic.
1138	axels15	2011-05-16	I missed Renly/Loras on my second read-through as well. Damn
1139	Myrish swan	2011-05-16	I'd hardly say Littlefinger is "widely beloved." He's damn clever and good at the Game of Thrones, but he's also got a serious pedophile vibe going in his relations with Sansa. Most people think he's sleazy.He is not beloved in the sense that, say, Tyrion or Arya is beloved. However, readers in general admit to finding him fascinating, amusing, and weirdly likeable. There's also a significant portion of the readership who, despite his deeds, profess to love him, and hope that he'll win the iron throne in the end. Basically, considering his deeds, very few readers hate LF. Many, as I've said, think he's very funny/ witty, and enjoy reading about him, despite the fact that he's a villain. People also seem to very rarely feel any sort of deep, personal hatred for him. In contrast, Cersei is loathed. Her incompetence in AFFC alone is not enough to explain this; she is presented in a way that encourages the reader to loath her. As for LF being a pedophile, GRRM obviously doesn't think so. He portrays pretty much every healthy adult male in 12 year old Sansa's vicinity as being attrackted to her, something I guess we're suppossed to find normal. The thing that is presented as creepy in the LF/ Sansa relationship is the fact hat LF wants Sansa as sort of a Cat replacement. However, still, I have yet to hear anyone profess to hate LF for this. In fact, I've read several posters declaring they hope LF has his way with Sansa.  /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
1140	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-16	I think the Jaime fight was a wasted opportunity. Think about it, inthe books we know he's a great fighter because we have his PoV and a lot of people being scared of him even with his injury and a lot of people saying it. In the tv show, these things need to be shown as they cannot be told. With this fight being so ambiguous as to who was better, by the time Jaime is maimed he will have been seen to fight one on one twice, once against a girl, and never have won. Which really throws off his character, which has a development continuing for several seasons, and every other character's interaction with him, in the favour of saving face for a character whose sword prowess is irrelevant in every way, even including the ToJ. Unless they add a significant number of new scenes to make Jaime an actually good, as in more than just competetant swordsman, and he already has a lot of extra scenes, then his entire arc won't work
1141	Great Jared	2011-05-16	Ned's sudden yet inevitable betrayalI think we should call it you're grave!
1142	melicorn	2011-05-16	There was one bit of choreography in the Gregor v. Sandor fight that I really liked: at the very end, Sandor narrowly misses being beheaded by Gregor by kneeling before the king faster. I thought that was fairly clever.
1143	Social Justice Bass	2011-05-16	Back to the show, I think this was my favorite episode so far. Yeah, I don't get the need that some people have to have Cersei be PURE EVIL and totally unsympathetic.That's the thing - I've never seen Book-Cersei has either pure evil or totally sympathetic. In fact, what makes her such an interesting character once we get a viewpoint from her is that you can sympathize with her, understand her . . . while still thinking that she's an awful person. I noticed that on my recent re-read of AFFC. Cersei is paranoid, cruel, and impulsive - and it works, at least for me.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 16 May 2011 - 02:33 AM.
1144	Daenerys	2011-05-16	Confirmation Cersei wasnt lying about her first boy.She wasn't lying about losing the child. But what is not confirmed is whether she had him killed or if it truly was just misfortune. That's the important point.
1145	CloudFlare	2011-05-16	Wow. This episode rocked. The Cersei/Robert, Loras/Renly and Varys/Littlefinger scenes were great. The L/R one really fleshed out why why Renly was motivated to make a play for the crown. Does anyone else think that Family Tyrell pushed Loras to motivate Renly? The C/R scene was a bit out of character, but still worked somehow.Aidan Gillen as Littlefinger rocks. I know GRRM hates derivative works, but I would love to see a show about him. He's a modern day Iago. Hell, why not a theatrical production featuring Littlefinger?One iffy thing: Ned not knowing who the best swordsmen in his guard were. GRRM specifically points out that Ned knows all his men, e.g. Porther(older, a bit lethargic, not so bright) and CayneAlaine(?, rash).Edit: Was it the Cersei/Robert scene where Robert said they haven't had a real fight in 9 years? Was that referring to the Greyjoy rebellion?
					
					
							Edited by Sword of Insolence, 16 May 2011 - 03:11 AM.
1146	Eponine	2011-05-16	No Jon, no Dany = awesome
Renly + Loras = not sexy /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
When I didn't find Renly to be handsome or charismatic last episode, I was disappointed but thought that maybe Loras could be fabulous enough for both. Now I'm just disappointed. It makes me cringe, watching these two soft and foppish manscapers pretend to be Renly and Loras. I don't want to have to see them in the show so I can keep thinking of them as awesome.
On the plus side, Lysa brings on the crazy even better than what I imagined from the book.. I'm really convinced by the actress and I see why they abandoned the book description to be able to cast her. Although I think that the acting is good overall, I think many of the actors are still less than their book character - they're going through the motions of a part that's already established, and it's hard not to always be comparing them to what they "should" be like. The actress who plays Lysa is already more than the book character, IMO. 
I didn't like Robert/Cersei for the same reason that Ive not been impressed with several of the added scenes - they just keep going and going. I don't like the change that they've gone from years of built up avoidance to this honest and thoughtful conversation in which Robert is sober and Cersei is wistful. I think it makes her seem weak and indecisive rather than sypathetic. 
Cersei vs Littlefinger - the problem with the female characters and likeability is that they're mostly humorless. Almost all the funny and verbally clever stuff is given to the male characters, and there aren't any equivalently clever female characters with much screen time. Even as bad as he is, it would be entertaining to be around Littlefinger with his quips and scheming, while I can't imagine that actually being around Cersei or Cat would be entertaining in the least.
ETA: is the horse killing at all plausible? I thought it was that Gregor kills the horse with one blow, ripping through part of its neck. It was cool that they included him killing the horse, but it seemed pretty unrealistic that the whole head came off like that. Gregor is properly scary.
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 16 May 2011 - 03:15 AM.
1147	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-16	I liked the Cersei/Robert scene but had no sympathy for Cersei at all: I assumed she was lying through her teeth the whole way through. We know she had a crush on Rhaegar and grew up thinking she'd be his queen; she ends up married to the man who killed him, who is another member of Lyanna's fan club, which sucks for her but she never cared about Robert. She's making him ashamed of the way he's treated her, but I don't think she feels a word of it.
Jaime is badass. I love how he seemed completely at ease in the duel, but Ned looked pushed to the limit of his ability.
Liked the tourney scene a lot and really wish there was a lot more of it. I want to see Dondarrion, Thoros and the Sandor-Sansa scene! But I didn't miss them until the end of the episode and I'm trusting the producers here. Renly/Loras created a bit of setup for Season 2; I think Theon's had enough of that by now. He's an ass, we get it!
The Eyrie looks really cool - not how I pictured it (where are Sky, Snow and Stone?) but still pretty awesome. Tyrion was great! Lysa and Sweetrobin are fantastically batshit. Bring on next week.
1148	CloudFlare	2011-05-16	The Eyrie looks really cool - not how I pictured it (where are Sky, Snow and Stone?) but still pretty awesome. Tyrion was great! Lysa and Sweetrobin are fantastically batshit. Bring on next week.I like the castle itself, but the huge natural(?) arch bridges seemed kind of hokey. Maybe the way-castles are located there.
1149	Wethers	2011-05-16	Basically, considering his deeds, very few readers hate LF.Really?I loathe LF.  There is not a single character in the book I hate more from an emotional standpoint.  Maybe Gregor if he were actually 3-dimensional.  I hate Petyr all the more because he always seems to come away unscathed and seems forever one step ahead of everyone with his jaunty little schemes (hoping Sansa turns the tables on him).I do strongly dislike Cersei too, but in a more ordinary, less visceral way, and by AFFC I feel sorry for her.  I certainly don't find myself wishing for her to come to a painful, gruesome end like I sometimes do with LF in my weaker moments, though I suspect it's more likely to happen to her than to him.  And this is "book Cersei" I'm talking about, let alone "series Cersei" - I feel for her, not sympathy, but a shred of compassion given her circumstances (none such for LF).By AFFC, Cersei has become unhinged, losing her twin brother's support, losing Joffrey, losing Myrcella, being bullied by and then losing her domineering father, fearing Tyrion.  Sure she's revealed to have been a murderous villain all along, but LF is true evil.So no, I don't get at all that GRRM wrote LF for people to admire, though I admit that while lurking on these boards, I've noticed that some people do admire him in a perverse way that I don't comprehend (maybe they just like the way he was written?).  To me, Cersei is a villain, but LF is THE villain.
1150	CloudFlare	2011-05-16	Wonder about child actors and what they can and can't have them doing...  I mean, Lysa and Sweetrobin and that big swollen breast..  GAAAKKKK.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />CGI?
1151	Kat	2011-05-16	First, the important bites- Loras looks exactly like the kind of boy that teen girls dream of. He's made to not look hot, but really "pretty". Think Leo DiCaprio in Titanic. Yeah, when I read the books, the picture in my mind was a slightly younger Heath Ledger in A Knight's Tale. I remember when I went to go see that at the seedy movie theater in the mall next to my high school, and that afternoon the theater seemed to have been invaded by 8th grade girls who spent the first half of the movie going OMGSQUEEEEEEE HEATH LEDGER HE'S SO HOTT to the point where my loudmouth friend actually told them to STFU, sit down, and turn off their phones. Heh. Anyway, yeah. Loras. Dreamboat. Totally rocked the dreamboat look when he was on his horse, anyway.In the books the dominant personality was clearly Renly, whereas here Loras is evidently in charge.  Just a curious switch, IMO.  Yeah, although we never really see them on their own in the books. Loras is totally full of teenage anger when he goes on a rampage after Renly's death, and I never get the idea that he was subordinate in their relationship. He must at least have some of the characteristics of the rest of his scheming family, who surely approves of his being in bed with someone high in the line of succession. He's just not very good at playing his part (not as smooth as Olenna, Margaery, or Garlan) and maybe too eager to please. "Oooh, pick me, pick me, my daddy's rich and powerful." Not very subtle there.I thought the Loras/Renly scene was good. It introduced more than just manscaping. It introduced Stannis. It introduced the Tyrells. It also hinted at Renly and Loras' ambition. In the book, we knew they were scheming to being Maergary to court. For tv purposes, this was better.Agree completely. It was a scene with more than one purpose. 1: /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' /> 2: /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />In the novels, Renly is a knight. He rode in the tourney. He's an average knight, apparently, Stannis mocks him for taking part to let better men defeat him, but still.He's perfectly capable and willing to fight, but he knows he's no great warrior like Robert, to go off and lead the vanguard.On that, either I'm misremembering, or they switched the contests Renly and Robert were good at in tourneys. Wasn't Robert supposed to be preparing for the melee, while Renly rode in the joust? I thought that showed a bit more of their personalities in the book and was disappointed to see they had reversed those. Makes no sense with screen Renly to prefer something up close and bloody if he doesn't like blood, anyway.I always thought Renly was supposed to be a poor man's version of war hero Robert, but much better socially and politically, and it would have been nice if they had been able to show Renly as a bit of a popular party boy. Because that is how he earns his popularity, anyway. Loras spells it out in the shaving scene, but without showing it, it does make you wonder why, if Renly isn't a fighter, is his entire popularity based on being propped up by the Tyrells?This was my exact thought during that scene. When Robert said "No" he just sealed his fate in her mind, and she felt nothing.Wasn't that part of the scene a version of something that Cersei remembers or tells someone in the books? I know they've drastically changed the characterization of Cersei (an improvement, imho) but I do vaguely recall her getting totally ticked off on something Robert said to piss her off.It was an odd scene, really. I'm not sure what to make of it. If Robert and Cersei hate each other so much, how come they can have a little chat like this and be so....wistful/nonchalant, rather than outright loathing that we've seen them display elsewhere, such as when Robert wanted to go visit Lyanna's crypt, or when he's drunk at the tourney or the feast at Winterfell? Oddly intimate conversation between married frenemies.Cersei "killing her firstborn", as you say. Now, I've been thinking about this a lot lately, and I've come to the conclusion that yeah, the show probably is going to go this route. And their main motive will probably be to make sure that viewers see that Cersei is the truly evil one; Robert and Ned are good. Otherwise, even if she had had children with her brother, and killed Robert's bastards to protect said children, I suspect some viewers might still sympathize with her. Or, if not sympathize, than some might at least pose the question: was Cersei really so much more evil than her husband, King Robert? After all, he did hit and abuse her. And all of the evil stuff she did, she did for her children.Really? You think the portrayal of Robert has been sympathetic in any way, or made him look like a good guy? To me it's pretty clear that the production has him exactly as he should be: a drunken, bloodthirsty lout past his prime and a bit out of his element. Making Cersei more sympathetic is not diminishing from the wretchedness of Robert as a king. Only Ned looks good in all this.Honestly, I thought the Eyrie was incredible. Had no idea how the show would capture the feel of the place from the books, but this exceeded all expectations. I mean, sure it was CGI, but I was pretty sure they weren't going to build an impregnable citadel on an unreachable mountain just for filming. Everything about the Eyrie and the Arryns was spot on IMO.The Citadel was awesome. My favorite castle so far, and the long shot of the Vale was my second favorite after the one of Beyond the Wall.
1152	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	I didn't have a problem with Cersei and Robert portrayal in the books. Robert was one of my favorite characters and his last scene is one of the saddest in series bar none. AFFC may have shown her as more unstable then ever before, but she was never suppose to be rational, she was suppose to be the person that did a crappy job raisig Joffrey, turned Robert into a shell of his former self, did a crappy job controlling Joffrey and eventually ran the Realm into the ground over five years of rule. AFFC merely sped up the process.A Song of Ice and Fire was a world filled with grey but required one truly good character (an adult good guy, that is) Ned and one truly bad (one that actually took forefront in the story and good significant characterisation in spite or her role), Cersei. Cersei drew the short straw. Too bad.But I like this more. Cersei and Robert scene was great. Extra scene with Bran and Luwin was good, I liked what the Ned vs Jaime fight did for Jaime's character. The gayness I'm meh toward, I don't deny that it was canon, but it was just something extra for those who are into that. Not so here. Varys and Littlefinger I wasn't sure about. Though I do like that Varys managed to get the last word in.Barristan is getting shortchanged, Ned stands alone in convincing Robert to not joust and not assassinate Dany. Perhaps him being a POV character wasn't set in stone yet when this was shot but him being sympathetic to Dany and aware of her continued existence, as well as Jorah's true nature is a important plot point.
1153	The Demon of Darry	2011-05-16	that added scene from last week's episode where Jory and Jaime reminisce about fighting together on pyke really adds a whole new dimension of vileness to Jaime when he so easily stabs Jory in the eye.
1154	Eponine	2011-05-16	I always thought Renly was supposed to be a poor man's version of war hero Robert, but much better socially and politically, and it would have been nice if they had been able to show Renly as a bit of a popular party boy. Because that is how he earns his popularity, anyway. Loras spells it out in the shaving scene, but without showing it, it does make you wonder why, if Renly isn't a fighter, is his entire popularity based on being propped up by the Tyrells?I wouldnt follow that guy to a box of free doughnuts.
1155	CloudFlare	2011-05-16	I didn't have a problem with Cersei and Robert portrayal in the books. Robert was one of my favorite characters and his last scene is one of the saddest in series bar none. AFFC may have shown her as more unstable then ever before, but she was never suppose to be rational, she was suppose to be the person that did a crappy job raisig Joffrey, turned Robert into a shell of his former self, did a crappy job controlling Joffrey and eventually ran the Realm into the ground over five years of rule. AFFC merely sped up the process.I think Show-Cersei is going to be more likable and rational much longer in the books. In the books, the four adult women PoV all have at least moments of madness. Lysa had been slotted as the nutjob. If the show stays true to form, Cat will go mad and Dany will have episodes of madness. Having Cersei go nuts as well would be worn out on screen, so I bet she stays coldly calculating.
1156	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	Best episode of the season so far! I liked the added scenes although they came as a surprise. Loras is not the Loras I always imagined nor is Renly but I can live with that. Eyrie and the crazy duo were amazing especially the shot from the dungeons. Tourney although it was the weakest part of the series ended with an amazing fight scene. Gotta give credit to the actor playing Bronn, he is nailin it. The only added scene I wanted out was Cersei/Robert, totally unnecessary. Jory's death was rather anticlimactic but the modified fight scene was overall great. 9.5/10
1157	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	There was one bit of choreography in the Gregor v. Sandor fight that I really liked: at the very end, Sandor narrowly misses being beheaded by Gregor by kneeling before the king faster. I thought that was fairly clever.Yea, have to hand it to the sword play master on the set, I was replaying that move in my head for 2 minutes after that scene /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1158	Wethers	2011-05-16	There was one bit of choreography in the Gregor v. Sandor fight that I really liked: at the very end, Sandor narrowly misses being beheaded by Gregor by kneeling before the king faster. I thought that was fairly clever.I loved that too.  But I think that was directly from the book, no?  Or is that what you are saying (fairly clever... of GRRM in the book).
1159	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-05-16	Renly + Loras = not sexy /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />When I didn't find Renly to be handsome or charismatic last episode, I was disappointed but thought that maybe Loras could be fabulous enough for both. Now I'm just disappointed. It makes me cringe, watching these two soft and foppish manscapers pretend to be Renly and Loras. I don't want to have to see them in the show so I can keep thinking of them as awesome.Yeah, I think Renly was *somewhat* miscast, but Loras was *horribly* miscast.  When he was standing there naked he looked too scrawny to lift a sword let alone fight with one.  Renly at least looked a bit athletic (but still doesn't seem very much like a Barratheon).  I honestly think that HBO pushed to bring what was a very subtle thread from four books and spoil it right away because it fits their idea of "edgy"  They are ruining several future awesome character moments as well.  Either way, Loras should've been a lot more built to be a knight.  He looks like a refugee Ambercrombie and Fitch model.  Lame lame lame.  The Theon/Roz scene also seemed totally gratuitous simply because Roz repeated everything that Tyrion had said to Theon in a previous episode.  Heck, the Bran/Luywin scene even rehashes it somewhat.  I liked the Robert/Cersei scene *somewhat* but unless you know what's coming that scene comes off a lot differently. It seems like they're trying to get sympathy more for Cersei, but to someone who has read the books, it seems like she's sizing him up to decide whether she is going to kill him or not.  I didn't mind horribly the changes to the Jaimie/Ned throwdown.  They had telegraphed combat between the two for a long time.  Jaimie punching the guy who intervened seemed pretty in-character.  Littlefinger didn't seem very forceful with his "hey, no stop that" stuff.  Anyway, loved the Arya stuff.  Her rambling seemed a lot more coherent than it had been in the book.  She even mentioned finding the bastard which should've given credence to what she was saying.  It was also nice to see Illyro and Varys clearly.  How much discussion did it take originally to figure out who was talking back in the day?  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1160	Gertrude	2011-05-16	Some of the little bits I liked ...
At one point in Cersei and Robert's talk, they laughed over how long they've hated this marriage. I liked it. It's a visual portrayal of 'if I didn't laugh I'd be crying'. Emphasizes the hopelessness of their situation I think. I don't know why so many people are convinced Cersei killed their firstborn. In the HBO version, I could absolutely see Cersei wanting that child thinking it might bring her and Robert closer as it seems she wanted the marriage to work early on. After that it probably drove a wedge between them because they were grieving alone, not giving or getting support from the other and Cersei found comfort in Jaime.
I loved Jaime's look during the fight with Ned where he was grinning. I could read on his face that this was the type of thing he lived for. He seemed both to show respect to Ned for giving him a good fight, and smirking at the prospect of beating him. Very nice.
Arya giving the city guards a tounge-lashing had me smiling. Sassy little wench.
Lysa's introduction was fantastic. Creep-tastic! They sky cells lived up to my imagination. Also, did anyone else hear Tyrion saying to Bronn 'I like you' after their exchange after the fight or did I make that up? Didn't see anyone else mention it even though there has been talk of their building a relationship between the two in just a few lines.
1161	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	So anyway, I was thinking about what Luwin says. Bran is being set up to have a bow and arrows handy when he goes riding next episode (or the one after that), you guys think he'll take one down? Bran getting his first kill before Arya seems wrong. Even if she does owe him one after that scene in episode 1.
1162	enigma	2011-05-16	So anyway, I was thinking about what Luwin says. Bran is being set up to have a bow and arrows handy when he goes riding next episode (or the one after that), you guys think he'll take one down? Bran getting his first kill before Arya seems wrong. Even if she does owe him one after that scene in episode 1.It was Theon they were showing using the bow and arrows, and likely it will be Theon who makes the killing shot.  Bran will probably be testing his new horse harness when he gets kidnapped.
1163	smegma	2011-05-16	I gotta admit, I thought the Renly and Loras scene was going to be more lewd and gratuitous, more like Aiden Gillen's first sex scene in Queer as Folk when he's licking a guy's ass. This was much more tasteful, intimate, and with the exception of the sucking noise, very subdued. 
Also love this tweet from Jon Favreau: Let's save some time and give Peter Dinklage the Emmy now. 
That's two awesome tweets from him!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1164	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	It was Theon they were showing using the bow and arrows, and likely it will be Theon who makes the killing shot.  Bran will probably be testing his new horse harness when he gets kidnapped.I was talking about what Luwin was saying. Bran: I'll never shoot from a bow againLuwin: says who?Bran: I can't use a bow sitting down.Luwin: The Dothraki learn to shoot bows from horseback. Why can't you?Bran: Great ideaNext episode he'll be out on horseback. I know he'll get kipnapped and shoot free by Theon, but there are like 7 dudes. Grey Wind and Summer mauls a few, Robb takes one down, Osha survives.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 16 May 2011 - 04:37 AM.
1165	Vorg	2011-05-16	No Thoros of Myr, No Beric Dondarrion. Why am I watching this show, again? Oh yes, Arya chasing kitty cats around the castle. Why not just an hour of that?
1166	sennahoj	2011-05-16	No Thoros of Myr, No Beric Dondarrion. Why am I watching this show, again? Oh yes, Arya chasing kitty cats around the castle. Why not just an hour of that?I agree, they should have introduced Thoros and Beric, because they become so important in the later books. overall, I was a bit disappointed about the lack of knights at the Hand's Tournament. I understand that they have to watch the budget, but if you build an entire set for the tournament, why do we only see THREE knights jousting and "Don't-call-me-Ser" Sandor crossing blades with his brother. If you don't have enough people for the melee, at least have two stunt guys don different suits of armour and coat of arms a couple of times, so we at least get the impression that this is a tournament.
1167	Ran	2011-05-16	There were many other knights shown watching and getting ready for the joust last episode. I think they've basically made the Mountain and the Knight of Flowers the final joust of the tournament, which is why we don't glimpse anyone else who's ready.
Episode 6:
	Spoiler Beric is introduced, but this actor is basically a featured extra and will not necessarily ever be seen again. ANd they've already introduced Thoros by mentioning him last episode. Why does he need to actually be seen? Especially when, again, it'd be as a featured extra who isn't necessarily the "real" Thoros that we'll see if the show gets a third season? You have to take these things into account.

Oh, and re: the Eyrie,
They changed the effects some from the screener! They had a big gate/castle at the head of that bridge, which I figured was their nod to the Gates of the Moon... but it's gone entirely now. Baffling.
Hey, geologist types, what do you figure that mountain is even supposed to be? I'm thinking some sort of karst limestone formation, with a bit of fantasy twist. I literally spent ten minutes researching and trying to figure it out for my recap.
Re: Loras,
I wonder just what people think Loras should look like? I'm getting the sense that some think he ought to be all rippling muscles and stuff. That's... that's not Loras from the book.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 16 May 2011 - 05:13 AM.
1168	Eddard house stark	2011-05-16	jamies sword play was weak. the whole scene was so slow and poorly executed. jamie literally looked like he was fighting in slo mo. bronn was betrayed as a better swordsman and looked like he woukd own jamie
1169	Arrogant Bastard	2011-05-16	I agree, they should have introduced Thoros and Beric, because they become so important in the later books. overall, I was a bit disappointed about the lack of knights at the Hand's Tournament. I understand that they have to watch the budget, but if you build an entire set for the tournament, why do we only see THREE knights jousting and "Don't-call-me-Ser" Sandor crossing blades with his brother. If you don't have enough people for the melee, at least have two stunt guys don different suits of armour and coat of arms a couple of times, so we at least get the impression that this is a tournament.The show has enough characters as it is right now, there's really no need to introduce Thoros and spend time on his melee when he won't become relevant until the third season. They don't even know if there will be a third season at this point so why cast an actor for one episode where he appears for less than a minute and won't show up again for two years? This show has to appeal to people who haven't read the books and introducing characters in the first season that won't do anything for a while will just confuse new viewers and honestly waste screen time.
1170	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-16	I don't like how the did the fight with Jaime and Ned. I understand they needed to make Ned put up a fight, Jaime is his vast superior as I understand in the books. Also Loras looks....soft. He's supposed to be a great knight, and the dude they cast for him is in terrible shape. Nitpicking. Overall I'm very pleased!I am not sure how people get Loras "was a great knight" He was a tourney knight and something like 16 years old---he puts on a good show, but he used a nasty trick to win, not skillYes, he has been training with sword and lance since he could walk, but at this point, he has not fought any actual battles---the only thing great about him (at this point) is his armor
1171	Samalander	2011-05-16	Some thoughts:
- Ned's fighting skills in the show are way better than in the books. He's supposed to be an average swordsman and great strategist, but here he is holding his own against the Kingslayer, presumably the best sword alive at this point.
- "Heads on spikes" threat is supposed to be a very Lannister shtick. Yet in this episode every character we meet from Robert to Arya seems to be using it.
1172	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-16	On TVWOP, several people think Jaime would have been easily killed by Ned. It's only a small thing but it's rather galling. They can show Lannister killing a million Karstarks at the Whispering Wood but it will be irrelevant because on screen everybody knows that only main characters count and at the moment Jaime looks decidedly average with a sword which means when Kingsguards refuse to argue with him when he only has one hand because they are so scared of how good he used to be it's going to look ridiculous. Especially after he's been beaten by a girl (who in the TV adaption will almost certainly be reasonably feminine). His change of character post mutilation is not going to work at all I fear...
1173	Herr Fick	2011-05-16	Best episode yet!But I just remembered that I have to be annoyed nonetheless. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I grant Mr Reeves that the Kingslayer seems to have the upper hand throughout the fight, but it's still a little bit annoying. In the novels Jaime Lannister is the greatest living knight of the Seven Kingdoms and he would cut Eddard Stark into shreds. At least, he is appropriately pissed at his guardsman in the series...
					
					
							Edited by Herr Fick, 16 May 2011 - 05:45 AM.
1174	Lany Cassandra	2011-05-16	Best episode yet!But I just remembered that I have to be annoyed nonetheless. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I grant Mr Reeves that the Kingslayer seems to have the upper hand throughout the fight, but it's still a little bit annoying. In the novels Jaime Lannister is the greatest living knight of the Seven Kingdoms and he would cut Eddard Stark into shreds.I think he would have if the fight had continued---Ned holds his own for a few minutes, but that's allHis man-at-arms actually keeps Jaime from killing Ned
1175	julandro	2011-05-16	ohhhh, the scene of Loras and Renly, has been very sexy. It's a shame it has been very short. Are we going to have a sex scene? 
On the subject of Lancel. I have already assumed that we will not see anything of him with his cousin Cersei.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
1176	ingsve	2011-05-16	I wonder if part of the scene with Loras and Renly is so that it makes more sense when Renly suddenly proclaims himself king at the end of the season. (That was from the end of AGOT wasn't it? And not the beginning of ACOK?)
1177	Mentat	2011-05-16	Thought the most interesting factor of the series is the omniscient viewpoint we now have.Makes me wonder if we could maybe get to see the full Syrio Forel vs. Ser Meryn Trant fight. I'd seriously love that (and I think we're due it too, a cliffhanger too far if ever there was one...).
1178	TheEvilKing	2011-05-16	ohhhh, the scene of Loras and Renly, has been very sexy. It's a shame it has been very short. Are we going to have a sex scene? On the subject of Lancel. I have already assumed that we will not see anything of him with his cousin Cersei.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Hang on in there little fellow. Maybe not this season, but perhaps the next?  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1179	Axon	2011-05-16	I wonder if part of the scene with Loras and Renly is so that it makes more sense when Renly suddenly proclaims himself king at the end of the season. (That was from the end of AGOT wasn't it? And not the beginning of ACOK?)I think it was shown for that very reason, yes. Now Renly has a big head...I don't know, if there was going to be an alpha in that relationship, I would think it would be Renly.  Whatevs.
1180	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-16	Ummm, where was the excruciating pain and writhing in agony that would come with having a spear shoved through your leg? The endorphins don't kick in that quickly. Then again I suppose when the adrenaline is up when you're fighting the perception of pain is a bit different.
Something seemed a little off this episode, I dunno what it was, the acting seemed a bit forced maybe? Maybe some of the dialogue wasn't very meaty, I dunno. Episode in general was good. Perhaps I was paying attention to the hype of people saying it was the best yet which raised my expectations too much. Moved the story along nicely though.
I also wonder at the LF/Varys conversation. To me those characters are not the type to carry on that sort of conversation.
The Lyssa and Sweet Robin characterisations were great.
I know it has to be done but seeing Theon totally limp 3 seconds after finishing off Ros was silly. Better not to have a willy shot if you can't show what it's really like. Seemed like a bit of a pointless scene other than to show some TVP because it had been missing for the last few episodes.
I'm glad Jory took a few Lannisters down before he went for Jaime. The earlier scene with him talking to Jaime about the rebellion had a good pay off.
I need to check out the Spitball Watch forum to see how it looked to fresh eyes. Knowing everything that's coming up dampens down the drama a lot for me, so seeing it fresh through the eyes of N00bs means I can vicariously experience the drama anew.
1181	Herr Fick	2011-05-16	I'm glad Jory took a few Lannisters down before he went for Jaime. The earlier scene with him talking to Jaime about the rebellion had a good pay off.I liked the irony of Jaime stabbing Jory through the eye after they both talked about one of the Greyjoys almost taking Jory's eye during the siege of Pyke. Contrary to those Ironmen, Jaime Lannister gets shit done. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1182	legba11	2011-05-16	Why doesn't anyone ever finish that line properly?  You're supposed to add:"And they all stink!"I prefer "And no one wants to hear some one else's."
1183	julandro	2011-05-16	Hang on in there little fellow. Maybe not this season, but perhaps the next?  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Thanks for giving me encouragement.Turning to Renly and Loras. The scene is beautiful, but I thought I had scene sex.
1184	DurararaFTW	2011-05-16	Wasn't it suppose to be "Opinions are like butts; Everyone got one and nobody thinks theirs stink."
1185	julandro	2011-05-16	Incidentally, I was very surprised naked Theon. Is this a declaration of intent for the next episodes?
1186	legba11	2011-05-16	I agree, they should have introduced Thoros and Beric, because they become so important in the later books. overall, I was a bit disappointed about the lack of knights at the Hand's Tournament. I understand that they have to watch the budget, but if you build an entire set for the tournament, why do we only see THREE knights jousting and "Don't-call-me-Ser" Sandor crossing blades with his brother. If you don't have enough people for the melee, at least have two stunt guys don different suits of armour and coat of arms a couple of times, so we at least get the impression that this is a tournament.Not that I didn't want to see Beric and Thoros (I did), but you do see a bunch of pavilion tents behind the royal stands, so the impression is there of many people visiting for the tourney.  It was my only real disappointment this episode, with Loras's lack of stature as a minor quibble.A few folks have talked about Robert looking bad here.  I could not disagree more.  The council scene shows Ned's fatal flaw perfectly.  He holds his honor higher than his people.  IS there anyone out there who thinks Robert is wrong about needing to kill Dany and Viserys? (He also shows that he is listening to his advisors and sees Dany as the true threat, Jorah must be telling them that Viserys is going to present no problem)  It may be a vile act, but it is the type of act a King needs to do if he is going to protect his people.As for Ned holding his own vs Jaime.  Not really, it seemed to me Jaime had the upper hand for that brief fight, and Ned is not the type to get dispatched by anyone with 2 moves.  He does just that to the Captain of the Guard of Winterfell, not some summer peacock.  Jory is a scarred war veteran and probably somewhere on the top 100 list of most feared warriors in the lands.  Captain of Winterfell (the roughest capital for guards). Ned is also in armor and wielding a +3 sword.  Jaime is not.I love Bran's upset over Cat's abandonment of her family.  That has always bothered me about her, and she seems to get a fairly easy pass for it from the fans (minus a few ranters who see her as the anti-christ).
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 16 May 2011 - 07:20 AM.
1187	Tempra	2011-05-16	Re: Loras,I wonder just what people think Loras should look like? I'm getting the sense that some think he ought to be all rippling muscles and stuff. That's... that's not Loras from the book.I genuinely don't like commenting on people's appearances for something subjective like beauty, but I have a hard time seeing Loras as a person that both guys and girls fawn over.  Perhaps it is just the bad wig, but he looks  very androgynous and not at all comely.
1188	Joanna vander Poele	2011-05-16	Liked it a lot. Did not miss Jon and Dany at all, sorry fans! Peter Dinklage is consistently amazing, even with only a handful of lines; his flat delivery had me in stitches, especially the Eyrie scene oh my.
Loras looked fine to me, just wish he'd had a bath beforehand. And his helmet looked kind of dorky /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  For some reason though, I always imagined he was ~above~ the scheming nature of the other Tyrells, but maybe my memory's misplaced again. Either way, I did enjoy his scene with Renly mucho, though I fear Renly came off as a little too petulant and whiny. I mean, there's a way of complaining and not make it sound like you're a grumpy teenager. But who knows.
The Varys-Littlefinger scene was hilarious. Chewing scenery all around, and them scrambling to get the last one up on each other. And the Robert-Cersei scene was incredible. The actors are A+. 
And Nikolaj is more Jaime than Jaime. Damn. 
I don't want this season to be half over /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I can't even imagine how long it'll take for aCoK to come out.
1189	Ormond	2011-05-16	I only have time to comment on Loras and Renly:I am a gay man myself, but it took me a while to be sure GRRM meant them to really be gay while I was reading the books. It's been a long time, but I don't think I had that figured out by the end of AGOT. When others made remarks about them, I wasn't quite sure at the start if they were really gay or if it was just a case of a homophobic culture where straight men insult other guys by accusing them of being gay when that isn't necessarily the case. I certainly did have it figured out, though, well before AFFC. I have very mixed emotions about the Renly/Loras scene. I like them making the relationship obvious, which is really appropriate in a scene where they are alone together, which is something you never see in the books. A lot of the information imparted in the scene was very valuable. It could have certainly been imparted in a scene which made the nature of the relationship clear but which wasn't so overtly erotic -- but the same thing could be said about the scene with Viserys and the slave girl, and this is the HBO sexploitation factor affecting the show. I am a bit put off by what I see as a bit of the use of modern gay stereotypes, however. Both the actors are slighter in build than I imagined Loras and Renly to be (especially since Loras, like so many characters, is supposed to be a bit older in the TV version than in the books.) And the whole idea of using the shaving of body hair as a trope really seems to play into what I think are a lot of false stereotypes many heterosexuals have about modern gay men. There are a great many of us who prefer body hair and find shaved chests to be rather icky. They did make this a bit less off by having Renly be a bit surprised that Loras would prefer him that way (at least implying that Renly himself isn't necessarily turned off by body hair), but I think that passing comment will be all too easily overlooked by most of the viewing audience. Years ago I had a straight apartment-mate who was dating a young woman. He told her I was gay before I met her, and when she did, she was really surprised that I was not "tall and thin and dressed out of Gentleman's Quarterly." I think the show is playing way too much into that silly gay stereotype here -- as someone else said above, the TV show's Renly and Loras are too much like Abercrombie & Fitch models. On the other hand, I really do love the idea of Loras wanting to be the "power behind the throne" and being the one who implants the idea in Renly that he should be the king. It's a great bit of characterization and enhances the depiction of their relationship. I also don't think Renly's squeamishness about blood is as bad a bit of characterization as many others on this thread do. His level of blood-dislike does NOT rise to that of a true blood or pain phobia, or else he would have fainted and/or been really angry with Loras when he was deliberately cut. And the whole point there is that Loras is deliberately trying to desensitize him from his blood-dislike. I would assume at this point that this works, and by the time we see Renly in a battle scene he will have overcome that minor problem. (At least I hope that's the way they write it.) I also find it a bit amusing that some above use the fact that Loras fellates Renly as evidence that Renly is really the "dominant" one in the relationship. I never got the idea that GRRM was implying that Loras and Renly had the sort of relationship that's common in Latin America and some other parts of the world where one man takes the completely passive "woman's role" in sex and the other one gets to be the "real man" who can deny that there's anything different about him. I don't think the way Loras is depicted in the books shows that he thinks of himself as some sort of substitute woman for Renly, or that Renly thinks that of him. In public, Loras would of course seem like the less powerful one in the relationship because of Renly being the one who is the Prince trying to become the King, but that doesn't mean that's how they would have acted in private. And the way Loras uses the fellation in the scene seems to show him as having the real power in the relationship here, using his wiles to manipulate Renly to see himself as a claimant for the throne. And I must admit that in spite of the actor playing  Loras not being my "type", and being one who prefers hairy chests to shaven ones, the scene was nevertheless incredibly erotic.  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />  /blush.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />
1190	julandro	2011-05-16	I was told that he had gay sex scene, but I have not seen anything. I've only seen Loras tilts to make it a blowjob.
1191	So1ar	2011-05-16	this may have been said already, but did anyone else notice the awesome war helmet robert has sitting next to him? it had deer antler's on top just like in the books!
1192	Ormond	2011-05-16	I was told that he had gay sex scene, but I have not seen anything. I've only seen Loras tilts to make it a blowjob.Do you really have to actually see "lips on a penis" before you define something as a "sex scene"?    /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1193	julandro	2011-05-16	Do you really have to actually see "lips on a penis" before you define something as a "sex scene"?    /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />You're right. But, I expected a scene like that of Theon.
1194	Warg Arry	2011-05-16	I really liked the Cersei/Robert scene, it was very..human. I suppose you could say.
But aside from that. We get another aspect of a person that has never been on screen and yet seems to be the most present.
I think we get to see how blind Robert is where Lyanna is concerned.
He can go and screw every whore in the Kingdom, have little bastards everywhere.
But that scene shows. That Robert would never allow himself to be in love with another woman.
and when you experience that emotion so strongly for someone. It's possible that they couldn't comprehend that the object of their affection may not feel the same way about them.
Personally I think that scene sets up many future aspects and story line, really well.
Loved this episode. Makes me wish I owned the season on DVD so I could just watch each episodes back to back.
1195	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	I was told that he had gay sex scene, but I have not seen anything. I've only seen Loras tilts to make it a blowjob.hmmm... a Lancel avatar and asking for a more explicit gay scene /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
1196	Chirios	2011-05-16	I think the Jaime fight was a wasted opportunity. Think about it, inthe books we know he's a great fighter because we have his PoV and a lot of people being scared of him even with his injury and a lot of people saying it. In the tv show, these things need to be shown as they cannot be told. With this fight being so ambiguous as to who was better, by the time Jaime is maimed he will have been seen to fight one on one twice, once against a girl, and never have won. Which really throws off his character, which has a development continuing for several seasons, and every other character's interaction with him, in the favour of saving face for a character whose sword prowess is irrelevant in every way, even including the ToJ. Unless they add a significant number of new scenes to make Jaime an actually good, as in more than just competetant swordsman, and he already has a lot of extra scenes, then his entire arc won't workI don't think that's quite accurate. Jaime wasn't fighting Ned, he was playing with him. You could see it when Jaime was smiling and fresh while Ned was winded and tired. Jaime was planning on humiliating Ned, that's why he got so pissed when the other guy broke up the fight.
1197	Vargos	2011-05-16	Couldn't help but noticing the very small White Cloak when Gregor walks off. I know, Gregor is big but that White Cloak is like.... tiny /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1198	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	I don't think that's quite accurate. Jaime wasn't fighting Ned, he was playing with him. You could see it when Jaime was smiling and fresh while Ned was winded and tired. Jaime was planning on humiliating Ned, that's why he got so pissed when the other guy broke up the fight.He was pissed cause the soldier impaled Ned from behind while clearly fighting one on one with him. Jaime might be the Kingslayer but he is an honorable fighter. The soldier insulted Jaime by implying that Jaime could not take care of Ned by himself.
1199	legba11	2011-05-16	Preferring no (or less) body hair is hardly a stereotype for gays.  Most straight women prefer it (if you look at Hollywood as giving people what they want).  How many male sex symbols have substantial body hair these days?
As for straight men, when is the last time you saw an American production where the woman has any body hair, other than a very minimal amount for a rare groin shot?
Seems to me, Hollywood thinks we all prefer shaved.
1200	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	Preferring no (or less) body hair is hardly a stereotype for gays.  Most straight women prefer it (if you look at Hollywood as giving people what they want).  How many male sex symbols have substantial body hair these days?As for straight men, when is the last time you saw an American production where the woman has any body hair, other than a very minimal amount for a rare groin shot?Seems to me, Hollywood thinks we all prefer shaved.So you prefer your women hairy? I'm sorry if I misinterpret but that's gross man!
					
					
							Edited by The Bare Hand, 16 May 2011 - 08:32 AM.
1201	legba11	2011-05-16	To be honest, no.  But your reaction proves my point well, so thank you!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1202	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-16	To be honest, no.  But your reaction proves my point well, so thank you!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />If your point was that Hollywood knows that men prefer their women without body hair except some minimal amount, yes you are right.
1203	Herr Fick	2011-05-16	I thought that the fight between Jaime and Ned looked good, but then I know nothing about swordsmanship.Ran, or any expert on the topic out there, how good did they do?  Obviously the 2 are actors who got training for the role...did they do a credible job? stellar?? or was the fight actually pretty mundane as far as movie sword fights go?I'm not an expert, but you have to keep in mind that stage fighting is not in any way a historically accurate depiction of one-on-one fencing and grappling as it was done in high-medieval times and the early renaissance. Such fighting has, as far as I know, never been shown in a big budget film or television series (though there were some commendable hints at it in Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven). Thus, you can never assert whether someone has 'the better' technique' - there just isn't any real technique. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Keeping that in mind, I think that the fights in Game of Thrones so far have been decent but not great. They look a little bit heavy-handed, in my opinion. And I don't like some of Mr Reeves' decisions. What I find especially grating are the more pointless 'looking cool' moves he put in there for no apparent reason (for example, the 360Â° turns are mostly ridiculous and serve no real purpose in those situations). On the other hand, Jaime's stab at Jory was very well done, since that kind of close-quarters fighting actually was an integral part of a knight's (or any armoured swordfighter's) combat skills.
					
					
							Edited by Herr Fick, 16 May 2011 - 08:58 AM.
1204	Tempra	2011-05-16	Preferring no (or less) body hair is hardly a stereotype for gays.  Most straight women prefer it (if you look at Hollywood as giving people what they want).  How many male sex symbols have substantial body hair these days?As for straight men, when is the last time you saw an American production where the woman has any body hair, other than a very minimal amount for a rare groin shot?Seems to me, Hollywood thinks we all prefer shaved.There are some males with a hairy chest.  George Clooney and Pierce Brosnan spring to mind, but generally you are correct.
1205	Morrigan	2011-05-16	I think the Jaime fight was a wasted opportunity. Think about it, inthe books we know he's a great fighter because we have his PoV and a lot of people being scared of him even with his injury and a lot of people saying it. In the tv show, these things need to be shown as they cannot be told. With this fight being so ambiguous as to who was better, by the time Jaime is maimed he will have been seen to fight one on one twice, once against a girl, and never have won. Which really throws off his character, which has a development continuing for several seasons, and every other character's interaction with him, in the favour of saving face for a character whose sword prowess is irrelevant in every way, even including the ToJ. Unless they add a significant number of new scenes to make Jaime an actually good, as in more than just competetant swordsman, and he already has a lot of extra scenes, then his entire arc won't workWhat are you babbling on about? Jaime was dominating the whole fight.I think we should call it "your grave"!/biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> FTFY, though.There was one bit of choreography in the Gregor v. Sandor fight that I really liked: at the very end, Sandor narrowly misses being beheaded by Gregor by kneeling before the king faster. I thought that was fairly clever.That's straight from the book, but yes, I'm glad they kept this detail.Yeah, I think Renly was *somewhat* miscast, but Loras was *horribly* miscast.  When he was standing there naked he looked too scrawny to lift a sword let alone fight with one.Agreed, Loras's face is fine, looks like the pretty-boy young girls like Sansa would fawn over, but he's way too scrawny to be a knight...It was also nice to see Illyro and Varys clearly.  How much discussion did it take originally to figure out who was talking back in the day?  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />GRRM had said who they were in an interview a long time ago, it was no secret.ohhhh, the scene of Loras and Renly, has been very sexy. It's a shame it has been very short. Are we going to have a sex scene?Wot. "Short"? It actually kind of dragged on, and you'd think a blowjob with slurping sound would count as a "sex scene"... what more do you want, sheesh.On the subject of Lancel. I have already assumed that we will not see anything of him with his cousin Cersei.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />That's in season 2. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1206	Chirios	2011-05-16	Another thing that pisses me off about the way that the swordsmen fight is that every blow is too heavy. One of the best moves in the show was Bronn's block and counter to the neck that he did when the Hilltribes attacked, simply because it was one of the only instances in the show where the fighters don't overcommit to every attack. They're fighting with swords, not axes, why is every attack a chop? Can't they stab or slice at least once?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=tsGU5KI1qJA^There's an example of some german renessaince longsword techniques.
					
					
							Edited by Chirios, 16 May 2011 - 09:10 AM.
1207	Herr Fick	2011-05-16	Another thing that pisses me off about the way that the swordsmen fight is that every blow is too heavy. One of the best moves in the show was Bronn's block and counter to the neck that he did when the Hilltribes attacked, simply because it was one of the only instances in the show where the fighters down overcommit to every attack. They're fighting with swords, not axes, why is every attack a chop? Can't they stab or slice at least once?http://www.youtube.c...h?v=tsGU5KI1qJA^There's an example of some german renessaince longsword techniques.I agree as regards overcommitment.And yeah, those Arma guys are very good. They do a lot of research, use the original fencing books - and their moves look far better, faster and, of course, believable than any modern choreography in my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by Herr Fick, 16 May 2011 - 09:09 AM.
1208	Kalbear	2011-05-16	I wonder just what people think Loras should look like? I'm getting the sense that some think he ought to be all rippling muscles and stuff. That's... that's not Loras from the book.Something like Manny Pacquiao, Ran. Someone that isn't particularly big but has some definite muscle mass and strength. You build up a fair amount of muscle mass wearing 80 pounds of armor regardless of what you do with it.
1209	Arataniello	2011-05-16	[mod] I have noticed a lot of replies in this thread in particular where the poster is not including any text from the original post to which they are replying.  This opens the door to all sorts of misinterpretation and confusion, which we would like to minimize.
Please review the stickies we have here - http://asoiaf.wester...39-general-got/
On this specific issue, posters should include relevant sections from the post to which they are replying.
[/mod]
					
					
							Edited by Aratan, 16 May 2011 - 09:12 AM.
1210	Merentha	2011-05-16	I don't know, I thought the fight scene was the weakest scene there.  So far, they haven't really shown Jaime being dominant in combat.  Ned was in leathers, would it have been too much for him to have gotten a few cuts on him that would have been lethal but weren't because of the armor?  Jamie just comes across as Prince Charming, not the best swordsman in Westeros.  Sandor's duck of Gregor's sword, for instance, showed a lot of control in that fight.  Having Jaime not ever parry Ned because he's got the timing and distance of Ned's swings would be great.  He could always be just leaning back out of distance or slightly deflecting Ned's blade, while Ned could be making wild parries and strikes.  I'm not saying make Jaime some kind of kung fu master, but looking at some movies like that for examples of how you can have a fight that clearly shows someone toying with someone else.  So far, I haven't been engaged in any fight.  It looks like two kids bashing each other with sticks. Here's hoping Bronn vs. Ser Vardis is better!  (And whoever does the choreography for the Gregor-Oberyn match had better be brilliant, because that was one of the best written fights I've read)edit:  Since someone brought it up:  Yeah, the entire series has had pretty bad fights from a dueling perspective, but then, nobody's got it right so far.  I used to be an ARMA member before switching to Olympic sport fencing.  They keep doing all these hard blocks that you really never should do, just because that doesn't gain you any advantage.  Stopping your opponent's blade just protects you, redirecting it protects you just as well and gives you openings to counterattack.  (It also looks a lot cooler, which is why I'm baffled that they aren't in movies.  An Ochs guard looks badass and is really effective, plus can be used as a reactive parry leading to a quick stab.  Hell, it'd be a good way to differentiate who's good and who isn't.  Have the good swordsmen using good techniques, which are quick, fast, and brutal, while have the untrained ones hack at each other like they currently do.  I can dream.   Non-fight-chat:I thought Cersei-Robert was amazingly acted.  They're humanizing Cersei a lot, which I think is a good thing.  When I read the books, because of the limited perspective, she came across as very much a pure antagonist.  Good scene, amazingly acted, and shows, really well, how important Lyanna was to everyone.  (Also, makes me even more confident that R+L=J)I'll say that I'm incredibly impressed with the acting in the show so far.  Some absolutely stellar performances all around.
					
					
							Edited by Merentha, 16 May 2011 - 09:24 AM.
1211	Ser Warpechowski	2011-05-16	IMHO, in reality fights were decided quite kick. One or two wrong movies and youÂ´re dead. The whole Hollywood long duels is a bit fantastic for me to believe.
The only time you had long fights was when the oponents were armored. Yet even with full plate they had the warhammer and other blunt weapons that could kill a full armored warrior in one strike. A straight spear thrust to a ringmail armored warrior could be his doom.
Of course battles are more chaotic and you need as much armor as you can to hold against stray arrows, projectiles and weak strikes, but in a duel its mostly about not making mistakes. That is why Bronn won.
Also, a good spear is a very balanced weapons and wasnt heavier than 1.5 kg or 2 kg. That isnt a lot and someone who practices with it many hours every dayn since childhood doesnt consider it heavier than a glove. The way almost every strike in choreografic fights feels heavy doesnt look real at all. 
Anyway, Ned and Jaime fight was pretty good, too bad JoryÂ´s death didnt had nearly the same impact as in the book. The book is way more dramatic with Ned trying to save his man and a brief acount of how each of them tried to flee or save everyone else. Ned holding Jory was also powerfull.
About Cercei: She is going to be the main actress of season 2, with NedÂ´s death. I mean, they need to make her more likeable.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 16 May 2011 - 09:33 AM.
1212	Convivial Edd	2011-05-16	Loved the episode. Finally some action, and less exposition. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
The added scenes were great. If there is one area that complaints cannot be made, it's in the quality of the acting. 
The major complaint I have of this episode is the scene between Renly and Loras, for a number of reasons. First, Loras is too thin and too soft to be a trained Knight. My biggest complaint however, is the fact that they are portraying Renly as effeminate as they are. Yes, Renly was gay and a dandy, but he certainly was never that stereotypical "girly" gay guy squealing at the sight of blood. 
Overall great stuff. Hopefully the exposition heavy stuff is behind us, and we can get to the meat of the story.
					
					
							Edited by Convivial Edd, 16 May 2011 - 09:22 AM.
1213	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	I'm not an expert, but you have to keep in mind that stage fighting is not in any way a historically accurate depiction of one-on-one fencing and grappling as it was done in high-medieval times and the early renaissance. Such fighting has, as far as I know, never been shown in a big budget film or television series (though there were some commendable hints at it in Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven). Thus, you can never assert whether someone has 'the better' technique' - there just isn't any real technique. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Keeping that in mind, I think that the fights in Game of Thrones so far have been decent but not great. They look a little bit heavy-handed, in my opinion. And I don't like some of Mr Reeves' decisions. What I find especially grating are the more pointless 'looking cool' moves he put in there for no apparent reason (for example, the 360Â° turns are mostly ridiculous and serve no real purpose in those situations). On the other hand, Jaime's stab at Jory was very well done, since that kind of close-quarters fighting actually was an integral part of a knight's (or any armoured swordfighter's) combat skills.I would disagree. Although I have no experience in medieval sword fighting I am a pretty successful martial artist (which makes me think that I know quite a bit about proper technique in both striking and grappling) and I'm quite sure you can draw a strong parallel between sword fighting and unarmed fighting in movies and on TV. You rarely see unarmed fights in movies that are realistic when people know what they are doing but you can definitely see which of them that have great technique because while they aren't doing everything that would take place (mostly the things that don't look flashy or cool), the things they are doing are still things taught to be done in a certain way. The same should go for sword fighting. While they are only using parts of the proper fighting style I'd say that you can still see if people are using proper techniques, and which characters that are shown as superior.
1214	Carter209	2011-05-16	Varys/Littlefinger was very interesting. Especially since we know they're the two biggest players in the series.
Actually liked the Cersei/Robert scene(sue me). The way they're portraying Cersei makes me want to like her, but I just can't do it.
Hell of a scene in the Mountains of the Moon. Can't wait for Shagga, Timmett and the others. Plus, Bronn=hella badass.
Fight scene was really cool. While it wasn't straight from the books, I loved Jamie v. Ned. The look on Jamie's face when the guardsman put his spear through Ned's leg made me think of a kid who just got their favorite toy taken away from them.
					
					
							Edited by Carter209, 16 May 2011 - 09:25 AM.
1215	Merentha	2011-05-16	I would disagree. [snip] The same should go for sword fighting. While they are only using parts of the proper fighting style I'd say that you can still see if people are using proper techniques, and which characters that are shown as superior.Bronn, so far, has been the only competent swordsman in the show, and that was in one action.  They aren't taking anything from proper fighting styles.  Edit: Jaime owning Jory wasn't bad either.  Rob Roy did it pretty alright, incidentally.
					
					
							Edited by Merentha, 16 May 2011 - 09:59 AM.
1216	kungtotte	2011-05-16	Roz has done a masterful work of shaving, considering the razors at hand are probably not all that sharp...
1217	Spanky	2011-05-16	I haven't read through this whole big giant topic, because I don't have time, so I don't know if it's been mentioned or not, but here goes.
I've read the book, so I knew exactly what was coming, but still, it was kind of a surprise that they did it so explicitly.  Did they really get a 10 year old kid to chill out on an adult woman's booby?  O_o
1218	Chirios	2011-05-16	Jamie just comes across as Prince Charming, not the best swordsman in Westeros.  Sandor's duck of Gregor's sword, for instance, showed a lot of control in that fight.  Having Jaime not ever parry Ned because he's got the timing and distance of Ned's swings would be great.  He could always be just leaning back out of distance or slightly deflecting Ned's blade, while Ned could be making wild parries and strikes.  I'm not saying make Jaime some kind of kung fu master, but looking at some movies like that for examples of how you can have a fight that clearly shows someone toying with someone else.I'm going to say it: Jaime should look like some kind of kung fu master. Jaime is without a doubt one of the best swordsmen in the kingdom. He's one of the last two of Aerys's Kingsgaurd. Ned on the other hand was a pub swordsman, competent, but not particularly brilliant. Jaime v Ned should look like Anderson Silva v Forrest Griffin.
1219	Tywin's bastard	2011-05-16	Bronn, so far, has been the only competent swordsman in the show, and that was in one action.  They aren't taking anything from proper fighting styles.  Rob Roy did it pretty alright, incidentally.As said I have no personal experience with sword fighting so I don't really know enough to comment but if every single slash is completely made up and differs from real sword fighting techniques, then I'd be extremely surprised. I saw a documentary where a professor that specializes in medieval warfare set up a mock battle and that wasn't completely different from what we saw here. Of course there were clear differences and the people fighting had only been given a crash course but there were still plenty of similarities in techniques.And as for proper fighting styles, we don't know exactly how the medieval knights fought. We only have approximations made from the few fighting manuals that have survived but the experts say that they aren't enough to learn everything without a knowledgeable teacher. This part isn't really about the show, just putting "proper fighting styles" in context.
1220	Trebla	2011-05-16	Ned described Loras as "slender as a reed" even in his armor. Out of armor he thinks he looks even younger than 16. 
The best scene was Varys and Littlefinger. Ah, to see how the real Game of Thrones is played. Move and countermove. I'm still shocked that LF knew about Varys and Illyrio. As I mentioned last night, LF boasted in the book that he didn't fear the Spider because he had dirt on him. I heavily suspect that the writers got this detail straight from George. It makes sense since Varys never ratted out LF even though he had to know LF was behind quite a bit.
So which Redwyne likes young boys? They say "Lord Redwyne" but in the book Paxter was at the Arbor. Bad Horror or Slobber.
Sounded like it was a "Ser Merlon (sp?) of Tumblestone" who liked amputees. ew.
1221	aeoleron9	2011-05-16	I'm just going to pretend I never saw that Cersei/Robert scene. 
No complaints about the fights though.
1222	Bubba	2011-05-16	Loras was definitely too skinny. I don't see how he even holds the lance. A body type similar to Renly's would have been better. The slurping sounds were too much. Yeah, you're sucking his penis, we get it. 
I would have enjoyed more of the Vale trip, particularly when Tyrion in the turnip basket. Great episode overall.
1223	Arataniello	2011-05-16	This thread has now been closed due to us reaching the 400 or so replies.  Please see new thread for continuation.
1224	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-09	The preview for next week's episode has been uploaded here. What does everyone make of it?[media]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKxOe8sspKM[/media]
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 09 May 2011 - 05:24 PM.
1225	zippypoodle	2011-05-09	The preview for next week's episode has been uploaded here. What does everyone make of it?Sounds like we will get the scene where Arya overhears two people talking. Don't want to spoil anyone with names.
1226	Anomandaris86	2011-05-09	The scene with Ned fighting...the "kill his men" Jaime encounter I suppose?
1227	iheartseverus	2011-05-09	Sounds like we will get the scene where Arya overhears two people talking. Don't want to spoil anyone with names.These threads are book spoilers, so spoil away!Isn't that Littlefinger we see in the back view in the final frame?  WTF?  All I can think of is he's there, posed like that (looking at the throne) because he is the ultimate player in the game of thrones.  Anybody else have input?
1228	ExLibris	2011-05-09	I'm excited to see Arya catch some cats, Syrio says... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Edit: Also, that last scene looks like a party of Eyrie knights...perhaps led by the Blackfish and come to greet Catelyn?
					
					
							Edited by ExLibris, 09 May 2011 - 08:03 PM.
1229	Daenerys	2011-05-09	I'm excited to see Arya catch some cats, Syrio says... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I think the fact that they had her tell Ned she was going to do that means "Don't expect to actually see me chasing cats." If they had so much trouble with the dogs, imagine how it would go with cats. I'll be surprised if it's shown.
1230	ExLibris	2011-05-09	I think the fact that they had her tell Ned she was going to do that means "Don't expect to actually see me chasing cats." If they had so much trouble with the dogs, imagine how it would go with cats. I'll be surprised if it's shown.Hey now, a man can dream! How else will she end up in the cellars with the dragon skulls and overhear Ned's conspirators if she's not caught by Tommen and Myrcella catching cats? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
1231	Bronn Stone	2011-05-09	I suspect that it would be considerably easier to use cats if the whole point is that the cats run away.   My mom's cat could do that one.  Especially if there was a cat wrangler offstage with an electric can opener.  She'd come running.
Having Arya actually catch one would be more challenging.
1232	Ran	2011-05-09	No Blackfish this season. It'll be lead by Ser Vardis Egan.
1233	ExLibris	2011-05-09	No Blackfish this season. It'll be lead by Ser Vardis Egan.Yeah I thought I had read that somewhere...oh well. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1234	Asharak	2011-05-10	I think thatÂ<U+0092>s a really weird choice since most of the Blackfish dialogue in GOT is either about the situation at the Eyre or giving advice to Robb or Cat. I would assume that some character has to say those things anyway, so why not the Blackfish.
I think this will be a really good episode anyway, according to Maureen Ryan itÂ<U+0092>s the best of the first six episodes by a big margin.http://www.tvsquad.c...fantasy-review/
I suspect the Ned and Jaime confrontations will be one of the most memorable moments of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Asharak, 10 May 2011 - 05:08 AM.
1235	DurararaFTW	2011-05-10	I wonder if Rodrik is gonna stick with Cat (and later Robb) for the rest of the season, now that Blackfish doesn't come in to take Cat of his hands.
1236	Slick Mongoose	2011-05-10	So Ned vs Jaime, Hound vs Mountain, and the High Road... Lots of fighting!
1237	Isabella Stark	2011-05-10	I think the fact that they had her tell Ned she was going to do that means "Don't expect to actually see me chasing cats." If they had so much trouble with the dogs, imagine how it would go with cats. I'll be surprised if it's shown.Actually, I think they had that line in there so people will know WHY Arya is trying to catch cats when they see her doing it.  Of course, if the only way a cat could ruin a shot is by allowing itself to be caught, it would. Cats are that contrary:)I'm pretty sure I saw preview footage of Arya in the room with the dragon skulls. Looking forward to that.
1238	herkles	2011-05-10	lots to look forward into this episode.
dragons skulls, I am curious to see how they look as this should give a hint at what the dragons will look like.
jaime vs ned
the assanation attempt on dany
the rest of the tournment 
the high road fighting
1239	nothatso	2011-05-10	Mysterious lack of Jon/The Night's Watch, could this be the episode with the wights in castle black?
1240	Lord of Starfall	2011-05-10	I think that'll be episode 6. I doubt we'll see much of the wall next week. Looks like too much else is going on.
1241	Asharak	2011-05-10	I think this episode will feature very little of Jon or Danny, maybe none at all. The assassination attempt on Danny wonÂ<U+0092>t be until after ep. 6, and episode 6 contains the story told in the next Danny chapter in the book.
1242	DurararaFTW	2011-05-10	That line from Robert where he goes  "how long can people stand by their absentee king" he talking to Cersei. I wonder if they are gonna have Cerei be the one pushing him to hunt down the Taryagans convincing him the people still want to dethrone Robert, in the same way Illyrio was doing on the other side of Narrow Sea with Dany and Viserys?
1243	DragonAge93	2011-05-10	Wow.... Sunday can't come quick enough. Really looking forward to Ned finely using a sword! The Ned/Jaime encounter was my favorite part in the book, and I'm very excited to see it on screen (albeit maybe a few changes, which I do no mind).
And the High Road looks awesome. Can't wait to see that unfold. And the rest of the tournament of course.
1244	Kaitscralt	2011-05-10	I have this scenario playing out in my head based on the book and this preview that I'd love to see play out on the screen.
At the end of the episode, after the clan people are defeated by Catelyn, Tyrion and company, we get the quick piece of dialogue where Tyrion and Catelyn discuss the dagger, and learn how Littlefinger's story couldn't be true because Tyrion would never bet against Jaime. The scene ends with both of them looking a little perplexed, and then it cuts to the previewed shot of Littlefinger's back, standing alone staring at the throne, and the screen fades to black and the episode ends.
/prays
1245	Joohnson	2011-05-10	So, is this the episode where Ned's leg gets hurt?
Shit is going to hit the fan.
1246	Ser Latecomer	2011-05-10	So, is this the episode where Ned's leg gets hurt?Shit is going to hit the fan.Yep.  And depending on where it falls in the episode, it would give us the first opportunity to see a Tower of Joy dream sequence since he has that dream while recovering.  I really, really hope we get to see that in some form.  I just recently re-read it, and the dialogue gives me chills.
1247	Steinman	2011-05-10	This will be one packed, and awesome, episode I predict.
Arya chasing cats
Dragonskulls
Mysterious conversation
Epic tourney fights
Mountain clan fight
Kings Landing street fight
1248	chris.t.	2011-05-10	I look forward to the unveiling of that receptacle of badassery...  the mighty Bronn!
1249	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-10	I have this scenario playing out in my head based on the book and this preview that I'd love to see play out on the screen.At the end of the episode, after the clan people are defeated by Catelyn, Tyrion and company, we get the quick piece of dialogue where Tyrion and Catelyn discuss the dagger, and learn how Littlefinger's story couldn't be true because Tyrion would never bet against Jaime. The scene ends with both of them looking a little perplexed, and then it cuts to the previewed shot of Littlefinger's back, standing alone staring at the throne, and the screen fades to black and the episode ends./prays /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1250	Joohnson	2011-05-10	Yep.  And depending on where it falls in the episode, it would give us the first opportunity to see a Tower of Joy dream sequence since he has that dream while recovering.  I really, really hope we get to see that in some form.  I just recently re-read it, and the dialogue gives me chills.Ain't gonna happen. My guess, at least.
1251	JaimeNotJamie	2011-05-10	I have this scenario playing out in my head based on the book and this preview that I'd love to see play out on the screen.At the end of the episode, after the clan people are defeated by Catelyn, Tyrion and company, we get the quick piece of dialogue where Tyrion and Catelyn discuss the dagger, and learn how Littlefinger's story couldn't be true because Tyrion would never bet against Jaime. The scene ends with both of them looking a little perplexed, and then it cuts to the previewed shot of Littlefinger's back, standing alone staring at the throne, and the screen fades to black and the episode ends./praysThat sounds great.  I really hope they elect to go in that direction.
1252	DragonAge93	2011-05-10	I think the episode will end with Ned fighting Jaime and the guards, and injuring his leg, leaving it on a cliffhanger. Then the next episode will open with his dream sequence.
1253	Arrogant Bastard	2011-05-10	I have this scenario playing out in my head based on the book and this preview that I'd love to see play out on the screen.At the end of the episode, after the clan people are defeated by Catelyn, Tyrion and company, we get the quick piece of dialogue where Tyrion and Catelyn discuss the dagger, and learn how Littlefinger's story couldn't be true because Tyrion would never bet against Jaime. The scene ends with both of them looking a little perplexed, and then it cuts to the previewed shot of Littlefinger's back, standing alone staring at the throne, and the screen fades to black and the episode ends./praysThat sounds good, I can see the transition to the previewed shot of Littlefinger's back after the clan people's attack happening, but I don't think it will end the episode. I think it will end with Jaime and Ned's fight or Bronn's "Ill stand for the dwarf" (although the episode probably won't get this far).
1254	Huan	2011-05-10	Interesting that they show nothing from the tournament in the preview. The Westeros.org gallery for the episode shows several screen shots from the tournament. I am wondering whether the Hound actually jousts in the episode, or only saves Loras from the Mountain? The picture of Loras raising Sandor's arm would imply he's giving him the victory, but the other pictures show him standing behind Joffrey.
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 10 May 2011 - 05:40 PM.
1255	Daenerys	2011-05-10	Mysterious lack of Jon/The Night's Watch, could this be the episode with the wights in castle black?One of the reviews (the people who have seen the first 6 eps) mentioned the Castle Black story goes on a 2-week hiatus. So I wouldn't expect to see much, if any, of Jon in the next two episodes. Too bad because Castle Black is being handled pretty well IMO, but honestly the events elsewhere will be so exciting that it might be a bit of a downer to go back to watching Jon scrubbing tables and practicing swords in between. Plenty of other stuff going on for now, I think it's good if they start focusing on a few things of importance each episode and really let them play out instead of trying to cover every single angle. And really, it's like that in the books too, sometimes characters and locations go away for a while (even almost for entire books) and then you're really glad when they reappear ("absence makes the heart grow fonder").
1256	The Bastard King	2011-05-10	Yep.  And depending on where it falls in the episode, it would give us the first opportunity to see a Tower of Joy dream sequence since he has that dream while recovering.  I really, really hope we get to see that in some form.  I just recently re-read it, and the dialogue gives me chills.I don't think they want to do too many dream sequences, it makes it harder for the audience to follow. The Tower of Joy scene is really important though, so I think they'll move it to episode 8 or 9 when Ned is in the dungeons instead of showing us the Harrenhal flashback.
1257	El Duderino	2011-05-10	Jon's fight w/ the wight in Castle Black isn't until he learns that Ned has been arrested for treason; Jon then attacks Thorne for mocking him and comes out of his cell to find the guards dead etc. won't be til ep 8-9
1258	Anomandaris86	2011-05-10	I don't think they want to do too many dream sequences, it makes it harder for the audience to follow. The Tower of Joy scene is really important though, so I think they'll move it to episode 8 or 9 when Ned is in the dungeons instead of showing us the Harrenhal flashback.I hope to fuck that they show his fight against the three kingsguard.
1259	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-11	I hope to fuck that they show his fight against the three kingsguard.I doubt it. Surely we would have heard something about the casting of the character by now? Though I suppose it's possible they've gone out of their way to keep it under wraps.I am hoping we'll get some sort of vague flashblack, but if we do, I bet it'll be a woman, who won't be clearly identified, telling Ned, "Promise me..."
1260	Anomandaris86	2011-05-11	There's actually a lot of characters whose casting haven't been revealed who nevertheless must be in the show this season. Miri Maz Duur immediately comes to mind. And there are characters who have already had lines in the show and who were never mentioned, like Ser Hugh. I think I read somewhere that this season had 162 speaking parts. That's obviously a LOT more than all that were revealed initially.
1261	TheEvilKing	2011-05-11	I have this scenario playing out in my head based on the book and this preview that I'd love to see play out on the screen.At the end of the episode, after the clan people are defeated by Catelyn, Tyrion and company, we get the quick piece of dialogue where Tyrion and Catelyn discuss the dagger, and learn how Littlefinger's story couldn't be true because Tyrion would never bet against Jaime. The scene ends with both of them looking a little perplexed, and then it cuts to the previewed shot of Littlefinger's back, standing alone staring at the throne, and the screen fades to black and the episode ends./praysDon't think that'll happen. Pretty sure that Littlefinger shot is from a scene where he has a one-on-one chat with Varys the Spider. Which is even more awesome.
1262	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-11	I forgot all about Miri Maz Duur. You're right I suppose it is possible.  Still, I'd rather not get my hopes up to see the fight. In order to save time and money casting, I still think we'll probably just get Lyanna's "Promise me" at most. i'd be happy to be wrong though. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1263	OhDanyBoy	2011-05-11	1. Mirri Maz Duur's casting has indeed been announced.  Check WiCnet's cast page.
2. The Jon Snow story seems to go on full hiatus for episodes 5 and 6, as he doesn't take his vows until episode 7.  I don't believe much else happens in his story until then, so we might get a scene or two of Jon-Sam bonding - perhaps Jon convincing Aemon to take Sam on, but that's it for the next two weeks.
1264	Kaitscralt	2011-05-11	2. The Jon Snow story seems to go on full hiatus for episodes 5 and 6, as he doesn't take his vows until episode 7.  I don't believe much else happens in his story until then, so we might get a scene or two of Jon-Sam bonding - perhaps Jon convincing Aemon to take Sam on, but that's it for the next two weeks.They will give us a normal amount of Jon scenes in eps. 5-6 in my opinion. They want the stars to get a lot of air time each episode. Note how there are 1-2 made up Jaime scenes per episode despite him playing basically no part in the first book.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 11 May 2011 - 10:31 AM.
1265	Huan	2011-05-11	There's actually a lot of characters whose casting haven't been revealed who nevertheless must be in the show this season. Miri Maz Duur immediately comes to mind. And there are characters who have already had lines in the show and who were never mentioned, like Ser Hugh. I think I read somewhere that this season had 162 speaking parts. That's obviously a LOT more than all that were revealed initially.Mirri Maz Duur is listed as being played by Mia Soteriou at http://lexicopia.blo...of-thrones.html . Don't know the source of this cast list, but it lists a lot of minor characters.
1266	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-11	The preview for next week's episode has been uploaded here. What does everyone make of it?This is the episode that deals with the part of the book where things really started to get exciting for me. Not that the book had been boring up to this point, by any means, because GRRM takes his time to build up the suspense and let the reader get to know his characters before shit really starts to hit the fan. I'm really looking forward to this episode.
1267	Anomandaris86	2011-05-11	Mirri Maz Duur is listed as being played by Mia Soteriou at http://lexicopia.blo...of-thrones.html . Don't know the source of this cast list, but it lists a lot of minor characters.Okay. That list is more comprehensive than the IMDB one. Still, it's not 162. Minor speaking roles still aren't revealed, like for instance the three knights of the Tully bannermen that Catelyn speaks to at the end of episode 4. The three kingsguard knights would likely fall under that category since they would only appear for that one flashback, even if they were "important" in the backstory. Keeping fingers crossed!
1268	Huan	2011-05-11	Okay. That list is more comprehensive than the IMDB one. Still, it's not 162. Minor speaking roles still aren't revealed, like for instance the three knights of the Tully bannermen that Catelyn speaks to at the end of episode 4. The three kingsguard knights would likely fall under that category since they would only appear for that one flashback, even if they were "important" in the backstory. Keeping fingers crossed!You're right, let's hope for at least one Ned flashback/dream! I was happy to see Lommy Greenhands on the cast list. He's someone that could be easily eliminated since he doesn't make it as far into the story as Hot Pie. Also, the unfortunate stable boy has apparently been cast as well.
1269	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-11	I think the episode will end with Ned fighting Jaime and the guards, and injuring his leg, leaving it on a cliffhanger. Then the next episode will open with his dream sequence.As long as Jaime kicks Ned's butt. As much as I like Ned and his new, more badass threats etc, if they try to make him equal or beat Jaime in swordplay, it will effectively ruin later story where Jaime being amazing as a swordsman and losing to Brienne and then losing it all is incredibly important to his character and he needs to be established in the TV show as excellent to make this fly. Plus then all the new viewers (who have been guessing that Ned will beat him and that his whole "I don't do tourneys so that when I fight a man he doesn't know what I can do" spiel means he is amazing) will get a lovely shock in discovering that Jaime may be arrogant but that's because he is the best
1270	El Duderino	2011-05-11	There's actually a lot of characters whose casting haven't been revealed who nevertheless must be in the show this season. Miri Maz Duur immediately comes to mind. And there are characters who have already had lines in the show and who were never mentioned, like Ser Hugh. I think I read somewhere that this season had 162 speaking parts. That's obviously a LOT more than all that were revealed initially.both of those castings have been revealed and documented. Check WIC
1271	Heal	2011-05-11	These threads are book spoilers, so spoil away!Isn't that Littlefinger we see in the back view in the final frame?  WTF?  All I can think of is he's there, posed like that (looking at the throne) because he is the ultimate player in the game of thrones.  Anybody else have input?He's the best player of the game.
1272	ogbebaba	2011-05-11	He's the best player of the game.maybe but maybe varyes is the best its sorta a tie
1273	Huan	2011-05-11	As long as Jaime kicks Ned's butt. As much as I like Ned and his new, more badass threats etc, if they try to make him equal or beat Jaime in swordplay, it will effectively ruin later story where Jaime being amazing as a swordsman and losing to Brienne and then losing it all is incredibly important to his character and he needs to be established in the TV show as excellent to make this fly. Plus then all the new viewers (who have been guessing that Ned will beat him and that his whole "I don't do tourneys so that when I fight a man he doesn't know what I can do" spiel means he is amazing) will get a lovely shock in discovering that Jaime may be arrogant but that's because he is the bestWhen I watched Episode 4 on HBO GO, one of the extras was a clip from David Benioff called "A Warrior at Court" about how Ned is a soldier (or a general), not a politician, and he says something to the effect of  "Ned is the best soldier in the land." Now I suppose that's different from saying that he's best swordsman in the land, but it's definitely a different characterization of Ned than in the book.
1274	Hyper	2011-05-11	There's a lot of interesting misdirection for newbies in that preview... Among them it makes it sound like Robert is wanting Ned executed (or one of his daughters)  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1275	Anomandaris86	2011-05-11	As long as Jaime kicks Ned's butt. As much as I like Ned and his new, more badass threats etc, if they try to make him equal or beat Jaime in swordplay, it will effectively ruin later story where Jaime being amazing as a swordsman and losing to Brienne and then losing it all is incredibly important to his character and he needs to be established in the TV show as excellent to make this fly. Plus then all the new viewers (who have been guessing that Ned will beat him and that his whole "I don't do tourneys so that when I fight a man he doesn't know what I can do" spiel means he is amazing) will get a lovely shock in discovering that Jaime may be arrogant but that's because he is the bestIf I remember correctly in the book Jaime gives the order to his men to attack and then rides away. I don't think they ever fought.
1276	Hyper	2011-05-11	Yes, but there has been footage of Ned & Jaime in a sword fight, so it must be from this upcoming episode. It will clearly be a deviation from the book, since viewers expect them to duel at some point. I expect Jaime will injure Ned and then leave.
1277	The hairy bear	2011-05-12	I expect Jaime will injure Ned and then leave.The show's version of the fight will make Jaime much more honorable than the book's version, I'm afraid. Saying "kill his men" and leaving was sickening, while personally killing Jory and hurting Eddard in a fit of rage after your brother is kidnapped is more understanable.Let's see how it plays out.
1278	Baleran Cole	2011-05-12	When I watched Episode 4 on HBO GO, one of the extras was a clip from David Benioff called "A Warrior at Court" about how Ned is a soldier (or a general), not a politician, and he says something to the effect of  "Ned is the best soldier in the land." Now I suppose that's different from saying that he's best swordsman in the land, but it's definitely a different characterization of Ned than in the book.In the book, Ned is presented as a very good general. So it's not that different.
1279	Asharak	2011-05-12	While Jaime is certainly a better fighter than Ned, I think its made pretty clear in the book that Ned is a great swordsman, even though the book doesnÂ<U+0092>t give him a real chance to show it in the "present" time of GOT. I see no reason why he should come off as a push over in this scene.
1280	Mike	2011-05-12	While Jaime is certainly a better fighter than Ned, I think its made pretty clear in the book that Ned is a great swordsman, even though the book doesnÂ<U+0092>t give him a real chance to show it in the "present" time of GOT. I see no reason why he should come off as a push over in this scene.Ned isn't a great swordsman.  GRRM made it pretty clear via email in the SSM compilation.  As far as textual evidence goes, we know that Arthur Dayne would have killed him if it wasn't for Howland Reed, and we know that Yohn Royce beat him to the ground when they sparred with tourney swords.
1281	DurararaFTW	2011-05-12	Ned isn't the best swordsmen but Jaime kicking his butt???? Jaime went up against Ned 20 vs 4 and Ned and his guys still managed to kill 5 Lannister soldiers. Jory and Ned by all means should go down looking damn awesome this episode.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 12 May 2011 - 10:45 AM.
1282	Brewmaster	2011-05-12	Yeah, I was just about to say...
My memory of the specifics may be a little fuzzy, but I thought Ned was badly outnumbered in the fight next week and him and his handful of guys cut their way through a ton of people before the end.
Ned is clearly a skilled swordsman.
1283	DurararaFTW	2011-05-12	Ned isn't a great swordsman. GRRM made it pretty clear via email in the SSM compilation. As far as textual evidence goes, we know that Arthur Dayne would have killed him if it wasn't for Howland Reed, and we know that Yohn Royce beat him to the ground when they sparred with tourney swords.Arthur Dayne was the best bar none. Jaime thinks Dayne can take out Loras and all the other current Kingsguards with two hands tied behind his back. Ned is no Sword of Mourning, but he was at least able to keep Dayne busy while Howard Reed rolfstomped the White Bull and the other guy that was there.
1284	OhDanyBoy	2011-05-12	Arthur Dayne was the best bar none. Jaime thinks Dayne can take out Loras and all the other current Kingsguards with two hands tied behind his back. Ned is no Sword of Mourning, but he was at least able to keep Dayne busy while Howard Reed rolfstomped the White Bull and the other guy that was there.Except Ned's group was 7 against the 3 Kingsguard.  So, Ned and two others kept Dayne busy while the 4 others killed Hightower and Whent.
1285	DurararaFTW	2011-05-12	Except that everyone else was dead when Howard killed Dayne. I assume he had just dealt the finishing blow on someone else before swooping in to kill the Sword of Mourning.
1286	madking	2011-05-12	Yeah, I was just about to say...My memory of the specifics may be a little fuzzy, but I thought Ned was badly outnumbered in the fight next week and him and his handful of guys cut their way through a ton of people before the end.Ned is clearly a skilled swordsman.iirc jaime spares neds life and orders his men to kill all of neds men. This is where jory dies and ned breaks his leg.
1287	DurararaFTW	2011-05-12	[media]http://www.youtube.c...h?v=EzM_TQqlY3w[/media]
The verdict: Barristan>Ned>many great knights
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 12 May 2011 - 01:29 PM.
1288	Arya The Assassin	2011-05-12	HBO has posted a new clip from episode 5:Game Of Thrones: Episode 5 Sneak Preview Clip #1 (HBO)Sean Bean is really good in this scene, I think.
1289	Ran	2011-05-12	Okay...First, Ned: George has indicated that Ned was a competent swordsman. He's no great sword -- that was Brandon. He's like Jorah, good enough, basically. Bronze Yohn Royce kicked Ned's and Rodrik Cassel's butts, at the same time, their two against his one.Ned's great skill was leading men and commanding armies. He is a great general of Westeros. On the show, OTOH, he is a great swordsman -- that's how he was apparently described in the pilot script, and the fact that Jaime Lannister doesn't toally pwn him within seconds (and, no, he doesn't pwn him within seconds  ) just goes to show he's supposed to be way up there. Plus, yeah, Barristans' remark in that clip -- Ned cut down a dozen great knights at the Trident? Holy crap!Second, in the book, the specific events are that Jaime tells his guards to kill his men, and not to hurt Ned. Ned tries to save his men and attacks some Lannisters, killing and injuring some... but they were specifically told not to fight back. His injury comes from them hamstringing his horse, so that it falls on him and breaks his leg -- so it's not some big, amazing feat that he, on horseback, could do some damage on some guys on foot when their hands are tied and they aren't allowed to attack back.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 12 May 2011 - 01:30 PM.
1290	DurararaFTW	2011-05-12	Okay...First, Ned: George has indicated that Ned was a competent swordsman. He's no great sword -- that was Brandon. He's like Jorah, good enough, basically. Bronze Yohn Royce kicked Ned's and Rodrik Cassel's butts, at the same time, their two against his one.Ned's great skill was leading men and commanding armies. He is a great general of Westeros. On the show, OTOH, he is a great swordsman -- that's how he was apparently described in the pilot script, and the fact that Jaime Lannister doesn't toally pwn him within seconds (and, no, he doesn't pwn him within seconds /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) just goes to show he's supposed to be way up there. Plus, yeah, Barristans' remark in that clip -- Ned cut down a dozen great knights at the Trident? Holy crap!Second, in the book, the specific events are that Jaime tells his guards to kill his men, and not to hurt Ned. Ned tries to save his men and attacks some Lannisters, killing and injuring some... but they were specifically told not to fight back. His injury comes from them hamstringing his horse, so that it falls on him and breaks his leg -- so it's not some big, amazing feat that he, on horseback, could do some damage on some guys on foot when their hands are tied and they aren't allowed to attack back.No, Royce first hammered Ned into the ground, then passed onto Rodric.And what the hell do you mean? They weren't attacking but they just threw themselves at Ned's sword without cause or purpose?
1291	Ran	2011-05-12	Don't know, it seems pretty clear he was fighting both. Knocked Ned down, turned to finish up with Rodrik. Perhaps it's subjective, but in any case, George has said that Brandon Stark was the great swordsman of the family, and that Ned's talents lay more in commanding men.They "closed from both sides" to get at Ned's men. He tried to stop them. They didn't throw themselves at his sword, but he sure swung his sword at them. Note that no point is it suggested Ned is threatend with weapons or has to block any blows. What is said is that he was "cutting at phantoms in red cloaks who gave way before him." They were mostly trying to get out of the way, while also trying to kill Ned's men.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 12 May 2011 - 02:13 PM.
1292	DurararaFTW	2011-05-12	Well I'm GLAD they didn't show twenty guys without a fainstest care for their own life let a guy cut away their bodies when they have only three targets to get to between the TWENTY of them. Jesus.
1293	NW Deserter	2011-05-12	Hurray, we get Ser Barristan's name!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1294	Lord Varys	2011-05-12	I'd really appreciate it if Ned would have not been made a good swordsman in the series. That would have really gotten his whole conflict with Jaime more on the emotional level, with both of them more being concerned about honor, rather than making it to some kind of pissing contest. Of course, the honor thing is still there, but the pissing contest is as well, and we don't really need that.
Jaime is somewhat haunted by Ned's cold stare, and that has really nothing to do with him being a good swordsman. It has to do with what Eddard Stark embodies.
As to Ser Barristan, I like him well enough, but he seems to be more some kind of aged assassin, than the embodiment of chivalry to me.
I admit that liked him and Jaime being almost friendly in episode 3, as I can see Barristan thinking fondly of the man Jaime Lannister was before he became the Kingslayer, just as Jaime liked to be remembered of the time where he was not yet the twisted guy he is now. And we should also keep in mind that Barristan joined the Baratheon regime quickly enough. Right now, he cannot be that disgusted (neither openly nor inside) by the likes of Jaime, as he himself serves the man who slew Rhaegar, and went along with the murder of Elia and her children. He is not much better than the Kingslayer if you judge him with the high standards the Kingsguard is judged under normal circumstances.
Selmy's conscience is only reappearing when Joffrey's fires him, and I really hope they make this scene as powerful as it is in the book, including his line about Stannis taking away the Iron Throne from Joffrey.
1295	Ran	2011-05-12	Dudes tried to get away, and it may well be that some of those slashes of his were blocked. No one said they didn't care for their lives -- but they were told not to hurt Ned. Hell, I see I was even wrong about his horse being hamstrung -- it slipped and fell on him. They didn't even dare try and dismount him for fear of what Jaime would do if they broke his orders.So, in other words, they may have defended themselves, but that was purely defensive -- no attacking back at Ned.
1296	Asharak	2011-05-12	"Ned cut down a dozen great knights at the Trident? Holy crap!"
Assuming Ned didnÂ<U+0092>t just command his troops, but actually fought in the battles (just like Robert did), I think itÂ<U+0092>s safe to assume that a lot of glory seeking enemy knights sought him out in each engagement. I doubt he ran away from them, nor that he survived on luck. I think he obviously had to be a pretty skilled swordsman to survive, though not as good as Jaime.
NedÂ<U+0092>s ability with the sword doesnÂ<U+0092>t really change the story of book 1 though.
1297	Ran	2011-05-12	A competent swordsman is, I guess, pretty skilled. Compared to me, anyways.
1298	Lord Varys	2011-05-12	The way I picture Ned, I'd be very surprised if he did not command his army from the rear, like Stannis or Tywin, and the chances to be attacked personally are very slim if you are not actually a part of the battle, and always protected by your guardsmen.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 12 May 2011 - 04:11 PM.
1299	Asharak	2011-05-12	The idea that the commander of an army would take physical part in a battle seams completely insane to me, particularly if the commanderÂ<U+0092>s death would mean the war was won for the opposition. It certainly happened in history, though it hurts my head to think of the lapses in logic it involves. My impression is that itÂ<U+0092>s pretty difficult to command a battle as whole if you are personally engaged in a fight for your life. 
There is a good reason why Napoleon and Wellington never got a chance to duel with each other..................Wellington was a lot taller.
1300	Anomandaris86	2011-05-12	The truth is we don't really have enough information about the rebellion and the battles fought in order to have an accurate opinion of Ned's skills either as a swordsman or a general.
1301	End of Disc One	2011-05-12	The idea that the commander of an army would take physical part in a battle seams completely insane to me, particularly if the commanderÂ<U+0092>s death would mean the war was won for the opposition. It certainly happened in history, though it hurts my head to think of the lapses in logic it involves. My impression is that itÂ<U+0092>s pretty difficult to command a battle as whole if you are personally engaged in a fight for your life. There is a good reason why Napoleon and Wellington never got a chance to duel with each other..................Wellington was a lot taller.It makes a lot of sense for all-or-nothing battles at least.  Having the commander in the ranks would be a big morale boost.
1302	Mack Kilimaro	2011-05-12	Bronze Yohn Royce kicked Ned's and Rodrik Cassel's butts, at the same time, their two against his one.Where do they tell this story? There's always something I miss, no matter how many re-reads.
1303	Kalbear	2011-05-12	What's with the vid links above? The got parody?
					
					
							Edited by Kalbear, 12 May 2011 - 08:33 PM.
1304	HokieStone	2011-05-12	Plus, yeah, Barristans' remark in that clip -- Ned cut down a dozen great knights at the Trident? Holy crap!Well, I'm not sure that Barristan means that he cut down a dozen at the trident.  Granted, they were talking about the Trident, but the way he says it - "I've seen you cut down a dozen knights" is subtly different than "I saw you cut down a dozen knights".  The former can be read as seeing that Barristan saw it over a length of time, while that latter indicates it was all at the same time.  At least, that's how it came across to me.
1305	Bronn Stone	2011-05-12	The truth is we don't really have enough information about the rebellion and the battles fought in order to have an accurate opinion of Ned's skills either as a swordsman or a general.From the books, we do not.  But when GRRM is asked at a public event and says that Ned was average, that pretty much ends the debate.  He would be the one who would know.
1306	Ran	2011-05-12	Mack,
It's the first Alayne/Sansa chapter in AFfC, when she sees Bronze Yohn. She recalls his visit to Winterfell with his son Waymar, who was going to join the Watch, etc.
1307	DurararaFTW	2011-05-13	Robb Stark, Jaime Lannister, TYRION Lannister, Robert Baratheon, Joffrey Baratheon, Rhaegar Targaryen, Loras Tyrell all take part in the battles they lead. Ned Stark would be the exception to the rule.
1308	Kalbear	2011-05-13	Tywin leads from the back. So does Bolton. So does Dany. 
It was about as common back in historical times as it is in Westeros. Some lords preferred to, others did not. The king very rarely did, but there's a reason the king had kingsguard after all.
1309	DurararaFTW	2011-05-13	Tywin's old, Bolton is noted to be overly cautious, Dany's a guuurl.
1310	Kalbear	2011-05-13	Tywin led from the rear for as long as he's been a warrior. He's never considered leading from the front because it's too chaotic and he can't make good decisions there.
Again, it's not a set in stone thing. Some leaders like leading from the front, others lead from the back. Both are effective depending on the person.
1311	DurararaFTW	2011-05-13	Dudes tried to get away, and it may well be that some of those slashes of his were blocked. No one said they didn't care for their lives -- but they were told not to hurt Ned. Hell, I see I was even wrong about his horse being hamstrung -- it slipped and fell on him. They didn't even dare try and dismount him for fear of what Jaime would do if they broke his orders.So, in other words, they may have defended themselves, but that was purely defensive -- no attacking back at Ned.Again, do we REALLY want to see that string of epic failures on television.Tywin led from the rear for as long as he's been a warrior. He's never considered leading from the front because it's too chaotic and he can't make good decisions there.Again, it's not a set in stone thing. Some leaders like leading from the front, others lead from the back. Both are effective depending on the person.Can I get a quote for that?
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 13 May 2011 - 03:37 AM.
1312	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-13	Arthur Dayne was the best bar none. Jaime thinks Dayne can take out Loras and all the other current Kingsguards with two hands tied behind his back. Ned is no Sword of Mourning, but he was at least able to keep Dayne busy while Howard Reed rolfstomped the White Bull and the other guy that was there.Whilst we know Dayne was very good and Ned at least didn't die, A) I think Jaime was exaggerating because he was annoyed at Loras and how Loras reminded him of his own young self and he wanted to put him in his place/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> in a world where fighting multiple decent opponents is depicted as very very hard, going in 7 on 3 and losing 5 men does not back up the suggestion that any of the 7 were exactly amazing. Unless you think Ned fought Dayne and the others split 6 vs 2. In which case there would have been at least 2 left at the end anyway (almost certainly more with those odds) and it still would have ended up with 3 vs Dayne. It's not important but I do think there is very little evidence for Ned being a great fighter in the books. Jon might be but he might have Dayne blood, or Stark blood that is not Ned's.
1313	DurararaFTW	2011-05-13	Whilst we know Dayne was very good and Ned at least didn't die, A) I think Jaime was exaggerating because he was annoyed at Loras and how Loras reminded him of his own young self and he wanted to put him in his place/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> in a world where fighting multiple decent opponents is depicted as very very hard, going in 7 on 3 and losing 5 men does not back up the suggestion that any of the 7 were exactly amazing. Unless you think Ned fought Dayne and the others split 6 vs 2. In which case there would have been at least 2 left at the end anyway (almost certainly more with those odds) and it still would have ended up with 3 vs Dayne. It's not important but I do think there is very little evidence for Ned being a great fighter in the books. Jon might be but he might have Dayne blood, or Stark blood that is not Ned's.I think there's evidence for him being a good fighter in the books. And yeah, the battle ended with Howard Reed and Ned Stark vs Arthur Dayne. if the only reason Nd stark wasn't effortlessly cut dow is because of Howard Reed's intervention AND Arthur Dayne being busy killing another of his friends, then I'm quite disappointed in Ned for not mentioneing the friend that needed to die to make up for his lack of skill. And Jaime maybe exaggerating but he still singled out Arthur Dayne rather then Barristan the Bold or the White Bull or Rhaegar Targaryan or Robert Baratheon all of which he served because the Sword of Mourning was the best.
1314	Kalbear	2011-05-13	Can I get a quote for that?From AGOT paperback, 684:Lord Tywin almost always chose to command the reserve; he would take the high ground and watch the battle unfold below him, committing his forces when and where they were needed most.
1315	MinDonner	2011-05-13	Wait. Is this turning into another "Who is the best fighter in Westeros?" thread?
Anyway, looking forward to seeing the Eyrie in the opening credits this week. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1316	Pan Psor	2011-05-13	Few words about Ned vs Jaime fight:
I hope after this fight there will be clear that Jaime is much better figter(or just better). I don't want my friends(who didn't read books) saying "Jaime had luck" or "Ned is better, Jaime run away" or something like that. And people must know that Jaime is great, because this is very important to his storyline.
					
					
							Edited by Pan Psor, 13 May 2011 - 05:59 AM.
1317	Lord Varys	2011-05-13	Tyrion never was a general, just a guy who was supposed to lead a sortie, and a bunch of expendable guys in a battle. He had not the chance to lead from the rear, because circumstances and Gregor and his father commanded him to fight in the battle.
Robert may have lead from the front, that much I admit, but about Rhaegar I'm not sure. If Robert broke Rhaegar's lines at the Trident, it makes sense that would/could meet on the battlefield. There is no indication that they met because they were both at the front of their armies.
Robb, Loras, and the young Jaime were just stupid boys, in a way, and both Loras and Jaime never were good generals. They are great warriors, but essentially stupid generals. Robb did lead by example, but he was not leading from the front. Else he would not have been surrounded by his guards when Jaime attacked his standard in the Whispering Wood.
Tywin and Stannis most likely are both knights, but they don't care about these stuff. They command. And to command you have to see what is going on the battlefield, not be in the heat of battle. And I really don't see Ned to be as stupid as to lead from the front. Especially as he was only an average sword. That would be way too risky. Robert was an exceptional warrior, and he did not care what might happen to him, but not Ned. Ned looked on the numbers, the ground, and the best position for battle.
1318	DurararaFTW	2011-05-13	Ned would have lead the company against Ser Gregor to put him to the sword personally, if his leg wasn't broken. And this was when he's ruling the Seven Kingdoms. He believes in a very hands on leadership.
1319	Chirios	2011-05-13	I always got the impression that Ned was an above average general, but an average swordsman and that's where 
	Spoiler  Robb got his tactical skills from
1320	HokieStone	2011-05-13	I think there's evidence for him being a good fighter in the books. And yeah, the battle ended with Howard Reed and Ned Stark vs Arthur Dayne. if the only reason Nd stark wasn't effortlessly cut dow is because of Howard Reed's intervention AND Arthur Dayne being busy killing another of his friends, then I'm quite disappointed in Ned for not mentioneing the friend that needed to die to make up for his lack of skill. And Jaime maybe exaggerating but he still singled out Arthur Dayne rather then Barristan the Bold or the White Bull or Rhaegar Targaryan or Robert Baratheon all of which he served because the Sword of Mourning was the best.Alright, I've got to nitpick here, because I've seen you call him "Howard" a few times now.  It's Howland Reed.  And it's the Sword of the Morning...unless the guy who wields Dawn is always sad about someone's death.And I don't think we know anything about how the battle at the Tower of Joy played out.  Just that it was 7 vs. 3 and only Ned and Howland came out alive.
1321	Mazikeen	2011-05-13	I don't believe that we'll see the Tower of Joy fight. You'd have to cast some pretty impressive actors for just one scene (people who actually look like they could be The Sword of the Morning or The White Bull), not to mention 3 full Kingsguard armours, the Dawn sword (which is supposed to be all sorts of awesome) and so on. While it would be a very nice scene to see, it's a little heavy on the budget and it doesn't advance the story in any significant way, it only provides back story. Which is important, yes, but I don't think it'll be considered important enough to spend so much money and effort on it.
					
					
							Edited by Mazikeen, 13 May 2011 - 11:25 AM.
1322	DurararaFTW	2011-05-13	Alright, I've got to nitpick here, because I've seen you call him "Howard" a few times now.  It's Howland Reed.Sorry, I guess I read it wrong.And it's the Sword of the Morning...unless the guy who wields Dawn is always sad about someone's death.As endlessly better as that would be to the man's personal nickname being rendered complely redundant by his ancestral weapon, again sorry.And I don't think we know anything about how the battle at the Tower of Joy played out.  Just that it was 7 vs. 3 and only Ned and Howland came out alive.We know Ned remarked how he would have been by Dayne if not for Howland.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 13 May 2011 - 11:51 AM.
1323	Anomandaris86	2011-05-13	I don't believe that we'll see the Tower of Joy fight. You'd have to cast some pretty impressive actors for just one scene (people who actually look like they could be The Sword of the Morning or The White Bull),Those guys could certainly return for Jaime flashbacks in season 3. Maybe later as well.not to mention 3 full Kingsguard armours,Haven't we already seen those on Barristan and Jaime?While it would be a very nice scene to see, it's a little heavy on the budget and it doesn't advance the story in any significant way, it only provides back story. Which is important, yes, but I don't think it'll be considered important enough to spend so much money and effort on it.There's several important things to be seen from that scene. First, we get to see what the best of the best are like in Westeros, which puts Ned more in perspective. More importantly, we see what the Kingsguard used to mean. So far we've seen how Ned holds Jaime in contempt for killing Aerys, and some new viewers are already like "so what, Ned and Robert rebelled as well." But in that scene we will see just how seriously the "true" knights of the kingsguard take their oaths, to the point where they fulfill their duty even after the king and all his family are already dead. I don't remember the actual dialogue but I do remember Ned tells them the king is dead and they say they don't care. It gives us a glimpse into what Ned views as an honourable opponent. And again, how the kingsguard now has declined, so when the Hound gets promoted and he isn't even a knight viewers might better understand just what has happened. Anyway, that's my two cents. I agree it would be an expensive scene to shoot, but not a waste. One thing they could do is simply have the dialogue leading up to the fight and then skip the fight, as it is in the book. I could live with that. But we need that dialogue.
1324	Bronn Stone	2011-05-13	I don't believe that we'll see the Tower of Joy fight. You'd have to cast some pretty impressive actors for just one scene (people who actually look like they could be The Sword of the Morning or The White Bull), not to mention 3 full Kingsguard armours, the Dawn sword (which is supposed to be all sorts of awesome) and so on. While it would be a very nice scene to see, it's a little heavy on the budget and it doesn't advance the story in any significant way, it only provides back story. Which is important, yes, but I don't think it'll be considered important enough to spend so much money and effort on it.The budget points may be valid, but the actors would not need to be any special thing as actors.  They'd need to be REALLY good fighters though.  I'd cast stuntmen who could act a little.  The scene isn't terribly complex from an acting standpoint.I suspect they're gonna need to make Dawn eventually, if the show lasts long enough.  As Ran has hypothesized over the years, it is probably Lightbringer and will probably play a big part in the eventual resolution of the Others conflict.
1325	Abaddon	2011-05-13	IF they were to do this (I don't think they have, personally): they could shoot a fairly extensive scene or set of scenes once in season one.  Then, take just snippets of it, only do the FX/post for snippets as they use them, and have those bits show up in different places in Seasons 1-3.  Since everyone in the scene except for Howland Reed and Ned is dead before the series starts, and Ned is dead after the 1st season, it seems like the only complication would be Howland Reed, who doesn't show up until... well, we don't know (although if I recall correctly, we do know he's going to show up at some point?).
That one complication is a pretty big one though.  They'd have to risk having a guy they couldn't get again five or whatever years down the road (or might not choose for the presumably bigger role in store for the character) or recast him, which would be cheesy and undermine the impact of the sequence.
1326	walrus	2011-05-13	I would be very disappointed if they left the Tower of Joy out entirely.  Honestly though, I'd prefer to see it portrayed as it was in the books with just the prefight dialog onscreen and not the actual battle.  Also, if they portrayed Ned's companions as they did in the book ("In the dream they were only shadows, grey wraiths on horses made of mist.") they could basically blur them out and eliminate the need to actually cast Howland Reed yet.
1327	NW Deserter	2011-05-13	Honestly though, I'd prefer to see it portrayed as it was in the books with just the prefight dialog onscreen and not the actual battleDefinitely agree with this, and it seems like it would make it a fairly easy scene to film. Have the infamous conversation ("No...now it ends." <shivers>), have Ned draw his sword and run at them, fade to black, have a woman's voice overlaid saying "Promise me..." and then have Ned wake up suddenly. That would be a great opener to episode 6, methinks.
1328	Kalbear	2011-05-13	I think for the most part we aren't going to get flashbacks; the creators have already stated that they like using old soldiers shooting the shit as the way to cover backstory. I'd dearly love to see ToJ, but I doubt we will that much if at all.
1329	RDKfromwesteros	2011-05-13	I dont believe they will show anything more then some voices speaking before Ned wake up, though would be awesometo see at least a glimpse of that
1330	RDKfromwesteros	2011-05-13	I think the series wont have much of flhashbacks or dreams, since most of information its in dialogs, i'am still waiting for a more complete three eyes crow dream but anyway
					
					
							Edited by RDKfromwesteros, 13 May 2011 - 09:50 PM.
1331	Huan	2011-05-13	Another dream I'd like to see is Jon in the Winterfell crypts. But I think he related that dream to Sam soon after meeting him, so most likely we won't see that. Perhaps its significance will be incorporated further down the road.
1332	Anomandaris86	2011-05-14	Definitely agree with this, and it seems like it would make it a fairly easy scene to film. Have the infamous conversation ("No...now it ends." <shivers>), have Ned draw his sword and run at them, fade to black, have a woman's voice overlaid saying "Promise me..." and then have Ned wake up suddenly. That would be a great opener to episode 6, methinks.I agree that that would work very well, perhaps even better...still, it's such an epic fight, it would be a shame to pass it up. I guess one thing they could do is have it your way in season 1, and then in the last season or whatever when "the truth" comes out they could show it again, this time as an uninterrupted sequence of events.
1333	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-14	I don't believe that we'll see the Tower of Joy fight. You'd have to cast some pretty impressive actors for just one scene (people who actually look like they could be The Sword of the Morning or The White Bull), not to mention 3 full Kingsguard armours, the Dawn sword (which is supposed to be all sorts of awesome) and so on. While it would be a very nice scene to see, it's a little heavy on the budget and it doesn't advance the story in any significant way, it only provides back story. Which is important, yes, but I don't think it'll be considered important enough to spend so much money and effort on it.Tower of Joy will be spoken of again in one of the yet to be published books, by the only man left who now lives who lived through the epic fight. If the TV series gets that far it'll be in the season covering this unpublished book when we see it on screen, not the GoT season. By then it'll be well worth going to the expense of filming the scene.
1334	NW Deserter	2011-05-14	I agree that that would work very well, perhaps even better...still, it's such an epic fight, it would be a shame to pass it up. I guess one thing they could do is have it your way in season 1, and then in the last season or whatever when "the truth" comes out they could show it again, this time as an uninterrupted sequence of events.But the actual fight hasn't been revealed in the books, that's one of the big mysteries - how Ned and Howland Reed were the only ones to survive. For all we know something crazy went down that Martin's yet to reveal.
1335	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-14	But the actual fight hasn't been revealed in the books, that's one of the big mysteries - how Ned and Howland Reed were the only ones to survive. For all we know something crazy went down that Martin's yet to reveal.Hawland Reed is fuckn badass! I wanna know more about the guy but Martin seems to be stashing him for a grand entry kickin ass and saving lives style. We know how skilled Ned is in combat to a good extent, but to take out those big dogs I'm thinking Reed gotta be one badass mofo. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1336	bens	2011-05-14	I think for the most part we aren't going to get flashbacks; the creators have already stated that they like using old soldiers shooting the shit as the way to cover backstory. I'd dearly love to see ToJ, but I doubt we will that much if at all.There's no way to get "Promise me, Ned" without a flashback, though, since Ned won't talk to anyone about it (and he won't see Howland Reed before he dies). It seems like that line is important to establish before Ned's head gets chopped off.
1337	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-05-14	There's no way to get "Promise me, Ned" without a flashback, though, since Ned won't talk to anyone about it (and he won't see Howland Reed before he dies). It seems like that line is important to establish before Ned's head gets chopped off.I agree.  I still think we'll see it in some form, most likely as an hallucination while he's imprisoned.  Maybe not the entire ToJ scene, but something.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 14 May 2011 - 07:41 PM.
1338	Rand	2011-05-15	But the actual fight hasn't been revealed in the books, that's one of the big mysteries - how Ned and Howland Reed were the only ones to survive. For all we know something crazy went down that Martin's yet to reveal.Dayne is catching a breather after just killing 10 other dudes leaving only Ned who is cowering in fear, when all of a sudden Howland Reed who was hiding the whole fight jumps out of a tree and throws a net on him. While Dayne is tangled Ned finds his bravery, charges and runs him through with Ice.  How does that work?    /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1339	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-15	Dayne is catching a breather after just killing 10 other dudes leaving only Ned who is cowering in fear, when all of a sudden Howland Reed who was hiding the whole fight jumps out of a tree and throws a net on him. While Dayne is tangled Ned finds his bravery, charges and runs him through with Ice.  How does that work?    /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Anticlimactic as a premature ejaculation.
1340	Manakhkubar	2011-05-15	Dayne is catching a breather after just killing 10 other dudes leaving only Ned who is cowering in fear, when all of a sudden Howland Reed who was hiding the whole fight jumps out of a tree and throws a net on him. While Dayne is tangled Ned finds his bravery, charges and runs him through with Ice.  How does that work?    /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Was my favourite scene from the 7th episode. I really like how D&D come up with these ideas congenially.
1341	NW Deserter	2011-05-15	Meh that's lame and super stereotypical. I'd hope for something better than that.
Looks like there's no second preview scene for this episode, unless they put it up within the next few hours.
Also, this is the first week I don't have HBO available anywhere to watch the episode! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I'll have to resort to unsavory means to get a chance to watch it...  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
1342	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-15	Also, this is the first week I don't have HBO available anywhere to watch the episode! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I'll have to resort to unsavory means to get a chance to watch it...  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />I might actually get up early tomorrow morning to watch it before classes  /unsure.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' /> Someone help me
1343	Greylander	2011-05-15	Lord Varys, You keep refer to "leading from the front" as "stupid".  Even a rudimentary knowledge of military history should tell you that many great generals "lead from the front".  George Washington was notorious for being out in front of his men with bullets whizzing all around him.  The relative merits of leading from the front/rear is something that has been discussed and debated in military circles for millenia, and there is not definitive answer.Some things to understand:"leading from the front" does not necessarily mean literally in the front, but does, generally, mean being in or very near the thick of battle.battles can last for hours or days, being in the "front lines" does not mean that you are hacking at the enemy every moment.  Typically, groups of men come together, hack at each other for a while, then separate, regroup, officers try to bring order, encourage the men, decide what to do next, charge another group of enemies (or brace themselves for an imminent charge).  This happens over and over, becoming more chaotic as the day ensues.  For a general "leading from the front", he will be surrounded by his elite unit going through this same process.  During lulls in fighting, he will receive communications and send out orders by means of runners, drummers, trumpeters."morale" (in simple terms the willingness of the troops to stand an fight rather than run away) is more important than both numbers and strategy, and a general who "leads from the front" imparts a *huge* amount of courage to his men -- they respect him, possibly love him, they will be ashamed to run when he is "leading the charge" so to speak.  A general who "leads from the rear" sacrifices these advantages.Even from a hilltop or tower, a general is not really going to have a good view of what is going on  -- the battlefield may be spread over a mile or more, there can be other hills, trees, buildings, dust, smoke, fog... so the "view" is not all that much of an advantage.  The general in the rear will tend to have better information and be in a better position to make better tactical decisions, but this is a matter of degree -- as I note in the 2nd point above, the general in front can still stay informed and give orders.Bottom line, there is nothing inherently "stupid" about leading from the front.  Nor is there anything inherently "cowardly" about leading from the rear.  A good general, first and foremost, knows himself and knows his men and makes the decision to lead from front or rear accordingly, and may even make a different decision from one battle tot he next or even through the course of a single battle.Given Ned's "man who passes the sentence should swing the sword" philosophy, I seriously doubt that he would not lead from the front.  He would not expect men to take risks that he was not willing to take.  The overall attitude of the Northmen strikes me that they would not respect or follow a leader who "lead from the rear" as for them it would be a sign of weakness.
1344	iheartseverus	2011-05-15	Seven minutes to go!  tick, tick, tick...  Got a glass of wine, got some crunchy breaded shrimp, already let the dog out, filled the coffee-maker for tomorrow morning--I'm READY!
