nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2013-04-14	What do you think?
2	Arrow	2013-04-14	LOL-inspiring funny line: "Watch your head."
3	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	9/10. I loved every bit, particularly the Riverun scenes.
4	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	Still great TV, some of the portions cut out are for time and make complete sense.  Some just don't follow with the characters...how Brienne is talking to Jaime, Stannis and Melisandre.
And I still believe that with the cast of characters that were available and the depth they had, any time I see Roz on screen it is a waste.
Have more to say, but will have to later.
5	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	I gave episode 1 a 7, episode 2 an 8 and this one a 9.  They are getting better and better.  A very strong episode.
6	Wyman_Manderly	2013-04-14	They dumbed down Theon's Arc quite a bit it seems :\ ..
I actually liked this episode much more than the last two... However I wish they used the valuable 5 minutes of air time they wasted after the podrick fiasco in something more important...
7	Tewks44	2013-04-14	I generally only reserve 10s for truly exceptional episodes so I gave it a 9, but I'd give it a 9.5 if I could.
8	Trebla	2013-04-14	9. Best episode since Blackwater
9	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	9, you can really tell that this is the episode where the season's momentum got started.
I liked the first two episodes, but really, they were mostly comprised of setting up new characters, reminding us where everybody stands, and just some general dicking around.
Now we're getting somewhere.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 14 April 2013 - 09:00 PM.
10	Tewks44	2013-04-14	They dumbed down Theon's Arc quite a bit it seems :\ ..I actually liked this episode much more than the last two... However I wish they used the valuable 5 minutes of air time they wasted after the podrick fiasco in something more important...Kinda hard to say they dumbed down an arc that isn't in the books.  I think Theon's arc is quite plausible.
11	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-14	I'll give it a solid 8:
1.  Love watching the Theon story unfold before our eyes.  Poor Theon.
2.  I think they made Edmure too much of an idiot.  I'm loving the Blackfish
3.  Martyn and Willem the grandsons of Tywin's father's brother?  I guess Kevan's story is done.
4.  Loving Dany more and more.  Can't wait to see her take the city.
5.  Poor Jaime.  That was well done.
6.  The scene with the small council was strange.
7.  Pod is the man.  He must give details.  Best sequence of the episode.
12	Ser Farbod	2013-04-14	9/10
Easily the best episode so far this season!  The Rhaegar quote made me smile and the end was fantastic.  I loved the Blackfish as well.  Fantastic job.
13	Died a Hero	2013-04-14	Holy hell this episode was perfect. 10.
From the somber tones of Riverun, to the lighthearted banter of Pod and Tyrion. Seeing the Bastard's hunt (No, not Bastard. Never Bastard.) Dany's talk and walk. And A Bear, a bear! But my god, that ending. My god. If you rated this episode anything lower than a 7 delete your account, turn off your computer, and never watch the show again. Because nothing they do will ever please you.
Good god that ending!
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 14 April 2013 - 09:01 PM.
14	Greyjoy67	2013-04-14	Best of the three so far - nicely paced, didn't rush things and got the tone of certain scenes spot on e.g. Cat + Blackfish made me well up a bit. Nailed that scene from the book.
Last scene with Jaime was great. Theon's chase brought a nice bit of excitement. 
Only thing I didn't like, somewhat predictably, was the whore scene with Podrick... the last bit is clearly relevant though but I can't remember why... what storyline is that going into?
Anyway, 8/10, hmm, fuck it, I'll say 9. I liked it a lot!
15	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-14	Best episode of the season so far! I gave it a 9
16	Fez	2013-04-14	Maybe its because I was drinking a bit (read: a lot) that made me like this one so much more than the first two episodes, but I don't think so.  This was well-paced, well-written, not too jumpy but still covered most (or possibly all) of the ongoing plots, and really funny.  I was almost dying at the start of the small council meeting.  10/10
Also the song at the end, that was amazing.  Just the juxatipostion between Jamie's scream and how upbeat and happy-sounding it was.  I was literally, literally rolling on the floor laughing.
17	winterstood	2013-04-14	I'd honestly say...a 10 outta 10!
for real. loved how they condensed the riverrun scenes - very effective.
Shows how Robb's a brilliant strategist/tactician and was betrayed - in the book he was betrayed by Roose Bolton - who was the guy that did the blunder move on the show - didn't catch the name - but Robb dealt with him WELL. and I loved the funeral scene - touching, funny - the blackfish was well cast  - and the beautiful blanket that covered Hoster Tully! The colors, the texture - wow!
18	TheHedgeWizard	2013-04-14	Gave it a 9. Pretty slow during the episode but was so happy to finally see the Tullys and Riverrun. A bunch of moments had me laughing, the pod brothel scene was great. and of course HAND CHOPPED. That scene was perfect, different from the book but still a holy shit moment. Great episode.
19	Frumpus	2013-04-14	They dumbed down Theon's Arc quite a bit it seems :\ ..I actually liked this episode much more than the last two... However I wish they used the valuable 5 minutes of air time they wasted after the podrick fiasco in something more important...They dumbed Theon's arc down last season. This season his arc is entirely new as he wasn't even around in the books. So I'm not sure how you can say it was dumbed down, unless you are including the previous season.I'm not a fan of the Theon scenes this season, but that's largely because they are predictable and as book readers we all know what's going to happen in the end anyway. So it's wasting valuable screentime that could be used for actual scenes from the book.
20	Zman1863	2013-04-14	Thought it was a good episode. The Dany scene was really good. So were the Brienne and Jaime scenes. I chuckled at the rock version of the Bear and the Maiden Fair after Jaime's hand got chopped off. It was well placed.
21	thegreatwhitebear	2013-04-14	I love that scene with pod, bron and tyrion. One of the funniest moments since tyrion hoped cersei ate the turtle soup he jacked off in lol.  That and the end was great. Blackfish is awesome
22	Zios	2013-04-14	I must be missing something or just in a meh mood. 7/10, felt like I was watching filler other than the Dany+ending.
23	Fez	2013-04-14	Also the Meereenese Knot joke.  D&D showing their trollface I see. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
24	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	They dumbed Theon's arc down last season. This season his arc is entirely new as he wasn't even around in the books. So I'm not sure how you can say it was dumbed down, unless you are including the previous season.I'm not a fan of the Theon scenes this season, but that's largely because they are predictable and as book readers we all know what's going to happen in the end anyway. So it's wasting valuable screentime that could be used for actual scenes from the book.Forgot tags...
	Spoiler Erm... FWIW... why have all this crap with Riverrun if we know what's going to happen to Robb anyway?  Yeah, sure, it's in the books, but we already know how it ends, so why not skip it all?
Obviously, my point is, this is supposed to be a coherent, complete television show aimed at a wide audience, not the drama club's fan-fiction reenactment of their own personal favorite scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 14 April 2013 - 09:21 PM.
25	mafalda	2013-04-14	I gave it an eight! Minus points for Stannis begging to get some from Mel and Pod's journey to losing his virginity. I love this show but what have they turned Stannis into?!
But great episode!
26	Zman1863	2013-04-14	I love that scene with pod, bron and tyrion. One of the funniest moments since tyrion hoped cersei ate the turtle soup he jacked off in lol.  That and the end was great. Blackfish is awesomeYeah I thought the Pod stuff was pretty funny even if the producer for boob exposure or whatever its called was behind its inclusion. At least those scenes included giving the background for Tyrion's new position as master of coin and how LF was leaving a big mess behind.
27	Table8	2013-04-14	Not digging the ep as much as the above posters.  Really disappointed with some of the changes, especially the pervy way they wrote Stannis.  And a couple of filler scenes that seriously made no sense.  Wtf was up with that Talisa scene?  
Glad they mentioned the Iron Bank.  
Need to watch it again to really give it a score, but wasn't that impressed from first glance.
28	Tewks44	2013-04-14	Erm... FWIW... why have all this crap with Riverrun if we know what's going to happen to Robb anyway?  Yeah, sure, it's in the books, but we already know how it ends, so why not skip it all?Obviously, my point is, this is supposed to be a coherent, complete television show aimed at a wide audience, not the drama club's fan-fiction reenactment of their own personal favorite scenes.Yeah, and I mean book readers know how the season's going to end anyway, so why bother making the show?
29	Funkagenda	2013-04-14	Pretty good episode! Love the ending. Also the Pod scene was pretty funny.
Blackfish seemed cool to me, Edmure was also okay. They seem to let Ramsay be the goodguy just a little bit longer, can't wait for the turn in that.
Also, Locke seemed like an interesting chaarcter as well. Don't really miss Vargo tbh.
30	Darth Pipes	2013-04-14	9/10.  Great episode, the best since Blackwater.  It felt like the storylines got a little more time too.
-Off the bat, I want to say that I didn't like the way Blackfish treated Edmure.  He was compassionate to him when he missed the boat in the book, telling him he had missed too.  Whatever his feelings, he wouldn't shove the Lord of Riverrun out of the way either.  That being said, I loved his scene with Catelyn.  Very emotional and well-acted.  I think the Blackfish character will be just fine.
-Speaking of emotional, I'm surprised with just how much they got out of Hot Pie's good-bye.  Touching scene...we'll miss you, Hot Pie.
-F'n loved the silent game of musical chairs played by the Small Council.  Brilliant scene in every way.  The body language between the Three Stooges of Westeros was perfect...they realize that the stern headmaster has returned.
-Meerenese knot...nice way to work that reference in.
-That was some fantastic horseplay in the Theon chase scene.  I figured HBO would be reluctant to allow that with all the problems they had with Luck.  Still, a fantastic sequence and they are doing a great job introducing the little bastard into the show.
-Book dialogue between Jorah and Barristan, especially the "Rhaegar fought honorably but Rhaegar died line."  Very happy that was worked in.
-Jaime and Brienne continue to be MVPs this season.  GC did a good job showing Brienne's reaction to the terrible situation she's in.  NCW does some great work too and we get the big scene.  I have to admit, the rock version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair was jarring but darkly hilarious.
31	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	Better than the last two, I still feel the pacing was off and rushed...so, um, Pod at a whore house was A LOT of wasted time.  And the rock music at the end was really, really jarring.
If I didn't know Storm of Swords was the season they were waiting for I would never know it from watching season 3 since it feels much more thrown together than the first two.
32	nara	2013-04-14	Not digging the ep as much as the above posters.  Really disappointed with some of the changes, especially the pervy way they wrote Stannis.  And a couple of filler scenes that seriously made no sense.  Wtf was up with that Talisa scene?  I think the Talisa scene was to show...(posting the rest in book spoiler code)
	Spoiler how young and innocent the Lannister boys are before they get whacked by Karstark
33	Serial Killer Arya	2013-04-14	I'm just glad they mentioned Rhaegar's name...more than once.  I think I squealed.  I <3 Blackfish.   Never liked Edmure so I liked his portrayal.  Dany I like her feisty.  Overall 8.   I wished they had showed Jamie's skill from the prior seasons so people could really understand how great he was.......to understand how crushed he will be.
BEST EPISODE SO FAR
34	go joff go	2013-04-14	9.5 only b/c the preview made it pretty clear that next weeks episode is going to be crazy.  Also ithought both Beinoff and Weiss were going to direct the episode but only one got credit.
35	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	I think the Talisa scene was to show...(posting the rest in book spoiler code)
	Spoiler how young and innocent the Lannister boys are before they get whacked by Karstark
This.
36	mafalda	2013-04-14	9/10.  Great episode, the best since Blackwater.  It felt like the storylines got a little more time too.-Off the bat, I want to say that I didn't like the way Blackfish treated Edmure.  He was compassionate to him when he missed the boat in the book, telling him he had missed too.  Whatever his feelings, he wouldn't shove the Lord of Riverrun out of the way either.  That being said, I loved his scene with Catelyn.  Very emotional and well-acted.  I think the Blackfish character will be just fine.-Speaking of emotional, I'm surprised with just how much they got out of Hot Pie's good-bye.  Touching scene...we'll miss you, Hot Pie.-F'n loved the silent game of musical chairs played by the Small Council.  Brilliant scene in every way.  The body language between the Three Stooges of Westeros was perfect...they realize that the stern headmaster has returned.-Meerenese knot...nice way to work that reference in.-That was some fantastic horseplay in the Theon chase scene.  I figured HBO would be reluctant to allow that with all the problems they had with Luck.  Still, a fantastic sequence and they are doing a great job introducing the little bastard into the show.-Book dialogue between Jorah and Barristan, especially the "Rhaegar fought honorably but Rhaegar died line."  Very happy that was worked in.-Jaime and Brienne continue to be MVPs this season.  GC did a good job showing Brienne's reaction to the terrible situation she's in.  NCW does some great work too and we get the big scene.  I have to admit, the rock version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair was jarring but darkly hilarious.I HATED that. Edmure continually misses and gets very frustrated with himself, and the Blackfish goes to HELP him instead of shoving him aside and making him feel like an idiot. I got a flashback of Suddenly Mean Dumbledore right there.
37	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	I think the Talisa scene was to show...(posting the rest in book spoiler code)
	Spoiler how young and innocent the Lannister boys are before they get whacked by Karstark
Ooooh, good point.  Yeah, if that's the case I'm 100% cool with that scene.
38	Table8	2013-04-14	I think the Talisa scene was to show...(posting the rest in book spoiler code)
	Spoiler how young and innocent the Lannister boys are before they get whacked by Karstark
Your right.  Didn't think that thru.
39	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	Thought it was a good episode. The Dany scene was really good. So were the Brienne and Jaime scenes. I chuckled at the rock version of the Bear and the Maiden Fair after Jaime's hand got chopped off. It was well placed.I disagree.  It was jarring and took away from the drama.
40	Zman1863	2013-04-14	I HATED that. Edmure continually misses and gets very frustrated with himself, and the Blackfish goes to HELP him instead of shoving him aside and making him feel like an idiot. I got a flashback of Suddenly Mean Dumbledore right there.Haha true, but Mean Dumbledore was more of a butchering of the character (and a more important character) than this more crusty version of Blackfish. I think they were trying to emphasize quickly, without the other two books to lay the background, that Edmure is sort of a mutonhead. .
41	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	I disagree.  It was jarring and took away from the drama.Totally jarring. This is Game of Thrones, not The Sopranos, the music is not supposed to be modern or hip.  It was really stupid of them I thought.
42	scurvy	2013-04-14	I was despondent last week with all of the made up scenes that overwrote good scenes.  This episode was great.  Loved the Bastard building trust with Theon and drawing it out.  That's going to be terrific.
Thapphireth!
43	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	I really liked it, but I may have actually liked last week better ... I dunno, it just felt like they wasted a lot of time on Cersei and Tyrion dragging chairs and the "Pod is a stud-muffin" thing. *sigh*
So many parts were super awesome, though. Like, Dany's parts were pure gold - definitely my favorite part this time around. I also thought that Arya and Gendry saying buy to Hot Pie was super cute.
44	Table8	2013-04-14	Totally jarring. This is Game of Thrones, not The Sopranos, the music is not supposed to be modern or hip.  It was really stupid of them I thought.Especially after the dramatic final scene.  The music totally didn't fit.  If it came at the end of episode 2, I wouldn't have minded it so much.  But Jaime losing his hand is a big event and deserves a more tense or melancholy ending theme.  But GoT is beyond mainstream and I guess we have to accept it will be prone to the marketing "geniuses" at HBO who try too way hard to be cool.
45	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	I really liked it, but I may have actually liked last week better ... I dunno, it just felt like they wasted a lot of time on Cersei and Tyrion dragging chairs and the "Pod is a stud-muffin" thing. *sigh*Well, not everything can be rollicking adventure.  I thought those were, respectively, a very smart character moment and a nice bit of levity.
46	Ser Farbod	2013-04-14	Totally jarring. This is Game of Thrones, not The Sopranos, the music is not supposed to be modern or hip.  It was really stupid of them I thought.I thought the music was excellent way to slap you out of the shock that Jamie Lannister just had his sword hand cut off.  I thought it was nicely done.
47	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	Especially after the dramatic final scene.  The music totally didn't fit.  If it came at the end of episode 2, I wouldn't have minded it so much.  But Jaime losing his hand is a big event and deserves a more tense or melancholy ending theme.But GoT is beyond mainstream and I guess we have to accept it will be prone to the marketing "geniuses" at HBO who try too way hard to be cool.It really irritated me for some reason.  The music is usually so great, the violins make you want to cry, I can't imagine what they were thinking with that kind of a modern treatment for the song.
48	Southpaw89	2013-04-14	9/10Easily the best episode so far this season!  The Rhaegar quote made me smile and the end was fantastic.  I loved the Blackfish as well.  Fantastic job.I was so happy to hear that quote. It literally made the episode a whole lot better.
49	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	Especially after the dramatic final scene.  The music totally didn't fit.  If it came at the end of episode 2, I wouldn't have minded it so much.  But Jaime losing his hand is a big event and deserves a more tense or melancholy ending theme.But GoT is beyond mainstream and I guess we have to accept it will be prone to the marketing "geniuses" at HBO who try too way hard to be cool.I think the more likely explanation for HBO using a punk version of that song for the credits would be a deliberate case of Soundtrack Dissonance, rather than the idea that HBO is so out of touch they're actually making D&D put punk music in their show because "It's what the kids like these days."
50	ServantOnIce	2013-04-14	Gave it a, "4"  disappointed.  Weakest of the season so far IMO and the worst episode in a while . .   one of the worst ones ever.  JMO
51	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	Well, not everything can be rollicking adventure.  I thought those were, respectively, a very smart character moment and a nice bit of levity.I didn't dislike the scenes, but they seemed to drag on just a bit too long for me while other, more important scenes, felt a tad rushed? I dunno. I definitely still liked it a lot.
52	Sxxman	2013-04-14	I would give it a 9, mostly loved everything about it, the thing with the Pod scene is that if it happened to any other character BUT him,  I probably would've been annoyed but I thought it was hilarious and harmless.  The only issue I had with the episode was the punk-style rendition of BATMF, it was really off-putting.  Best episode of the season IO.
53	mafalda	2013-04-14	Gave it a, "4"  disappointed.  Weakest of the season so far IMO and the worst episode in a while . .   one of the worst ones ever.  JMOWhy do you feel that way? I've had some episodes that felt meh to me, but I don't think I've ever given an episode lower than a 6! What didn't work for you this episode? Just curious, I love reading other people's opinions /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
54	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-14	10/10.  Superb television with plenty of laughs to go along with some genuine tense moments.  Maybe D&D need to direct more episodes?  Random thoughts:The "Meereenese Knot" reference by Tyrion was an awesome nod to book readers!  Actually even though that scene was this week's typical silly GoT naked chicks extravaganza, even it was well done thanks to Tyrion's "sales pitch" to Pod.If I were writing the episode, Stan & Mel's conversation would have gone differently, although Mel's deadpan reaction to Stan's goofy "I want you" line was comedy gold.  Gold, Jerry!  At least now the viewing audience knows that shadowbabies aren't an unlimited-use deus ex machina.I have to say I'm enjoying not knowing what the hell is going on with Theon's arc (apart from the identity of "Boy").  Quite interested to see where this is going.  The chase scene was fantastic (and I'm sure cost a fortune in stunt men and horses).The Blackfish is as ideal a casting as could possibly be done - bravo Clive Russell, and of course Nina Gold.Astapor scenes were again hilarious and riveting.  Dany's arc is my favorite thus far this season.LOL'd hard at the small council meeting.  Some great comic timing!  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Even with my skin crawling at knowing what was coming next, I fist-pumped at Jaime saving Brienne with the Sapphire story.  And while I like Locke well enough as a Hoat replacement, I did miss "Thapphireth??"I think this episode may have set the record for intelligent, non-sex related backstory exposition.  Loved Barry & Jorah talking Rhaegar, especially the inclusion of Jorah's fan favorite line.So yeah, this was great.  And judging by next week's preview it looks like we're due for no less than three explosive, epic scenes in that episode!  Should be killer!
55	Victarious	2013-04-14	The credits song had me rolling.  Need to rewatch this.
56	Zman1863	2013-04-14	Especially after the dramatic final scene.  The music totally didn't fit.  If it came at the end of episode 2, I wouldn't have minded it so much.  But Jaime losing his hand is a big event and deserves a more tense or melancholy ending theme.But GoT is beyond mainstream and I guess we have to accept it will be prone to the marketing "geniuses" at HBO who try too way hard to be cool.I actually thought the music was fitting given that the forced amputation completely shatters Jaime's world. Additionally, many viewers, like many readers before them, will have viewed Jaime's declawing as calling for something more celebratory than melancholy. And really, if ASOIAF has made it to HBO, it's already mainstream depending on how much of a hipster the beholder is.
					
					
							Edited by Zman1863, 14 April 2013 - 09:40 PM.
57	mafalda	2013-04-14	And I loved the addition of Riverrun in the opening credits!
58	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	If I were writing the episode, Stan & Mel's conversation would have gone differently, although Mel's deadpan reaction to Stan's goofy "I want you" line was comedy gold.  Gold, Jerry!  At least now the viewing audience knows that shadowbabies aren't an unlimited-use deus ex machina.And thank the Seven for that, I like my Deus ex Machinas to be a bit less soul-rendingly horrifying.  And preferably accompanied by dragons.....Wait...
59	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	I actually thought the music was fitting given that the forced amputation completely shatters Jaime's world. Additionally, many viewers, like many readers before them, will have viewed Jaime's declawing as calling for something more celebratory than melancholy. And really, if ASOIAF has made it to HBO, it's already mainstream depending on how much of a hipster the beholder is.It shatters his world to the point that he comes out of a medieval setting and is shot into a modern one, including a punk rock song?  Ugh.  This was HBO trying too hard to be hip and failing.  The music for the show is fantastic and fits the setting, story and mood perfectly.  Throwing in a punk rock song was just silly.
60	Carey Snow	2013-04-14	Not digging the ep as much as the above posters.  Really disappointed with some of the changes, especially the pervy way they wrote Stannis.  And a couple of filler scenes that seriously made no sense.  Wtf was up with that Talisa scene?  Glad they mentioned the Iron Bank.  Need to watch it again to really give it a score, but wasn't that impressed from first glance.They had to introduce the two Lannister captives.... in case something happens to them *cough* karstark *cough*. That way the tv audience can share Robb's anger and shame.
61	Dank Jedi	2013-04-14	10/10!  Can't really think about anything bad on this episode.  Riverrun was awesome, changing my funeral plans to a Tully one and thinking about having my two nieces call me Blackfish from now on.  Gotta love seeing Jorah and Barristan compete for #1 Queensguard.  Little light on whats happening in the North but we all know it will get its episodes.  Theons storyline is coming along nicely. (Notice I didnt say Poor Theon like a lot of people do, because he deserves everything he gets.)  Love seeing Jaime's attitude towards Brienne start to come out, guess he does have a heart after all. Such a powerful moment when he lost his swordhand.
Also, who knew Podrick was such a pimp?  Anyone who hated those scenes with him, Tyrion and Bronn I have one thing to say...
Dont hate the playa, hate the Game (of Thrones)
62	Sxxman	2013-04-14	It shatters his world to the point that he comes out of a medieval setting and is shot into a modern one, including a punk rock song?  Ugh.  This was HBO trying too hard to be hip and failing.  The music for the show is fantastic and fits the setting, story and mood perfectly.  Throwing in a punk rock song was just silly.I didn't like the song choice but I doubt they did it to be hip and cool.  I mean if they were trying to make the song hip why would they use a punk rendition?
63	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	I didn't like the song choice but I doubt they did it to be hip and cool.  I mean if they were trying to make the song hip why would they use a punk rendition?The same reason they pulled out obscure 70s rock for the Sopranos soundtrack.
64	Karmarni	2013-04-14	Jaime's hand - knew it was coming, but still was holding my breath. Agree that The Bear and the Maiden Fair was jarring for that. Like the song, sweet to have that version, but didn't seem right for the moment.
Think the show is picking up steam, though the bouncing around does bother me a little. Wish I could put the story lines together.
Liked the musical chairs scene and Pod's scene too. Chuckled at both.
65	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-14	Since they have several times used music more modern than medieval...having a "punk" song that was way more folky than punk anyway is a complete non issue...we should have nitpicked probably 15 of the 23 credit song choices. 
Great choice. Having some ambient lute after something as epic as that ending would have been completely anti climactic.
66	Buzzard16	2013-04-14	I like the way they're doing the whole cat and mouse with Theon. We know Ramsey likes to do this with the woman. The bait and switch with , I'm your friend , but I'm really orchestrating all this, is a cool way to integrate material that's not in the books.
67	DolorousKim	2013-04-14	Another pretty solid episode -- I liked it as much as the first and better than the second, I gave it an 8, as I'm a fairly hard grader.What worked for me:Clive Russell is looking to be an awesome Blackfish if tonight's episode is any indication.  Stellar casting job once again.  His scene with Michelle Fairley was perfection.Michelle Fairley gets some well-deserved props for the above scene -- I haven't enjoyed a Cat scene so much since season one.Jaimie and Brienne's scenes were great once again, and dear God, the ending!!The meeting of the small council and the musical chairs game; some of the best actors in the series all facing off at the same time is always great viewingI enjoyed the Tyrion, Pod, and Bronn scenes for the comic relief they provided; this is a somber, somber season, so I appreciate the chuckles even if they don't move the story forward in any significant wayI was surprised that the Hot Pie and Arya/Gendry farewell was actually fairly touching to me; I don't recall being particularly phased when he left in the book.What didn't work for me:Stannis and Mel; Whah???  Since when is Stannis some lovelorn horndog just begging Mel for some?  Really not liking the direction the show is taking Stannis in.Edmure -- in the books Edmure is a decent, kind hearted chap who's a bit on the hapless side at times.  In the show, Edmure looks like a spoiled, haughty, buffoon.  And since when is the Blackfish so totally down on Edmure to the point where he would shove him and diss him publicly?  And what was with Robb snickering at Edmure for missing his bow shot?  They are at a funeral for goodness sakes -- show a little decency and decorum!The whole "bastard" and Theon character arc -- I'm just not buying it.  Maybe it will improve with further developments, but for now, I'm thinking this just strains credibility a bit too much to successfully go where it's supposed to be headed in the books.  Maybe it is going in a totally different direction all together, which would be a huge mistake in my opinion.It also still rankles me that Bran and Rickon are supposedly just "missing," since their "deaths" provided such true and obvious motivations for so many things which happen in the story, while their being missing does not have the same emotional resonance.Not really digging the punk version of the Bear and the Maiden Fair.  Talk about pulling the viewer out of the ambiance of the show.
68	franko99	2013-04-14	Am I the only one disappointed with that rendition of the bear and the maiden fair? There are many fan-made versions in youtube waaaay better than that.
Anyways, I give this episode a 9, even the whores are better this season lol
ETA: after reading this thread most of us didn't like how the music was used in the credits, my bad for post before reading /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by franko99, 14 April 2013 - 10:14 PM.
69	JonDunn	2013-04-14	Stannis and Mel; Whah???  Since when is Stannis some lovelorn horndog just begging Mel for some?  Really not liking the direction the show is taking Stannis in.ALOL.You did NOT get the point of that scene did you?Stannis wants Mel to produce another shadowbaby to take out enemies.  he doesn't just want to 'get some'
70	Ser Creighton	2013-04-14	Well I am one of the more critical viewers, I gave episode 1 a 4 or 5 and episode 2 a 5-6, did not really enjoy either. Episode 3 I give an 8.8. The Brotherhood was great, Riverrun and Blackfish, they nailed it. Tyrion, and Cersie playing musical chairs had me rolling, did not see that coming. Pod, I get the Pod change and he got some props, makes sense but the whole it was free thing, was outstanding. Dany is building up to a great moment, and it keeps in line with her attitude in the books during that period. Had me wondering n the books and even though I know, I was still like whats with the attitude? Jamies scenes were more subtle that I thought and I actually thought they would change things and make him lose an eye. Really well done. I had one problem, Stannis, that was it and I just thought they butchered him. But to much good to bring the grade down much. Also I loved the extended scenes, giving the characters more time, it felt far less choppy. The transition from Dragonstone to Astapore was near perfect, simple but perfect.
Special shout out to Hot Pie, they three kids have not gotten much time but in that moment they translated so much emotion. Thats tough to do considering a lack of development for that story. The hound was only in it for a second, but it was perfect second for him, "watch your head."
No Shea = huge bonus.
There was emotion, there was plot, there was great acting and they managed to squeez in some funny moments without dumbing down the show. I am waiting for it to come on again so I can watch it again Just to see the look on Cersie's face when she moves the chair. Priceless, that my might be the best funny moment the show has ever had. Although I was expecting Sansa/Tyrion and thought that was the perfect lead in and just was left waiting for it. The looks that Varys was throwing back and forth, OMG, where did they come up with that, so Childish and yet so right. You can tell Tyrion thought it was Childish but had to do it anyone because Cersie did it and he had to one up her. I telling you, it was genius. The looks of the people at the table, can't stop laughing about it. Just look at there faces while all this is going on.
Renewed faith in the series after watching this.
71	Kaiser Stormslayer	2013-04-14	Totally jarring. This is Game of Thrones, not The Sopranos, the music is not supposed to be modern or hip.  It was really stupid of them I thought.It totally took away from the end and gave a feeling of a True Blood episode FFS
72	DolorousKim	2013-04-14	ALOL.You did NOT get the point of that scene did you?Stannis wants Mel to produce another shadowbaby to take out enemies.  he doesn't just want to 'get some'Well, I was being a bit facetious with the horndog reference, but judging by the body language, I believe that ol' Stannis was not simply looking for an expedient way to produce his desired end result.
73	Carey Snow	2013-04-14	I personally could care less about the closing song. No biggie, the show is what matters.
74	briantw	2013-04-14	I give it a 9/10.  Quite arguably the greatest non-event (Ned's head/Blackwater) episode in the three-season series.  The ending was incredible.  I knew what was going to happen but it was still amazing.
Also, the song in the credits was hilariously great.
					
					
							Edited by briantw, 14 April 2013 - 10:14 PM.
75	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-14	I totally enjoyed this episode and I LOL'd a lot. Scenes I love:
-The small council. 
-Arya saying bye-bye to Hot Pie. I was kinda sad. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> But the "watch your head" one made me smile.
-Hoster's funeral, and the Blackfish and Cat's scene.
-Astapor
-Jaime's hand getting hacked off
-Theon's hunting scene, my favorite.
I watched it twice. The best by far. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
76	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	I personally could care less about the closing song. No biggie, the show is what matters.The music is part of the show, if they're going to start throwing in modern songs here and there it will totally change the feel of the series.  So, I see a huge red flag that says the producers are losing their way in this season that they say the so wanted to get to, weird.
77	Zupoleon	2013-04-14	Best of the 3 so far - taking nothing away from the first two...
78	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	The music is part of the show, if they're going to start throwing in modern songs here and there it will totally change the feel of the series.  So, I see a huge red flag that says the producers are losing their way in this season that they say the so wanted to get to, weird.Bit of an overreaction to a credits song that, at best, is deliberate soundtrack dissonance done for dramatic effect, and at worst, is just an anachronistic reference gag.
79	The Storm King	2013-04-14	i loved the tyrion bronn pod segment
i loved the riverrun segment
arya hot pie was cute
the ending was out of place i thought. the scene didnt fill me with horror like it did in the book. it made it less serious...maybe if it were a more sobre version?
80	go joff go	2013-04-14	I actually thought the music was fitting given that the forced amputation completely shatters Jaime's world. Additionally, many viewers, like many readers before them, will have viewed Jaime's declawing as calling for something more celebratory than melancholy. And really, if ASOIAF has made it to HBO, it's already mainstream depending on how much of a hipster the beholder is.I really agree with this quote.  I think book bookreaders forget Jaimie is still one of the bad  guys at this point.  He doesn't deserve sad music.
81	Kaiser Stormslayer	2013-04-14	I personally could care less about the closing song. No biggie, the show is what matters.Wouldn't expect a bastard to appreciate the finer points /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
82	Dove	2013-04-14	Oh my god. I can't stop laughing at the hand and sudden jump cut to credits with that music playing. So casually brutal and gruesome, it's perfect. Jaime, you poor bastard. No good deed and all that.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 14 April 2013 - 10:27 PM.
83	JonDunn	2013-04-14	Oh my god. I can't stop laughing at the hand and sudden jump cut to credits with that music playing. So casually brutal and gruesome, it's perfect. Jaime, you poor bastard. No good deed and all that.YES.  It's the dissonance that makes it work.  it's used all the time in independent cinema
84	Dru	2013-04-14	2nd easiest 10 I've ever given to an Episode. This was GREAT!! Was on the edge of my seat the whole time. Loved it.
85	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	YES.  It's the dissonance that makes it work.  it's used all the time in independent cinemaSo maybe we'll be getting some Burt Bacharach with the credits after episode 9?
86	Head of The Ned	2013-04-14	Good episode. I wasn't as excited as I normally get for my Sunday ritual but it was still great..... I'm gonna go watch it again
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 14 April 2013 - 10:31 PM.
87	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-14	Something like that didn't have a precedent in the show so it was too random for me. The whole episode was amazing but I didn't like those last few seconds. Thought something went wrong with the t.v. and was trying to hear what they were saying.
I like what they are doing with the bastard.
The chair scene and Pod was pretty funny.
I love how much the show makes me not like Stannis whereas in the book I loved him. Wonder if maybe Davos point-of-view influenced me since Davos loves him or if the show writers just don't like him.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Tempest, 14 April 2013 - 10:39 PM.
88	jobmartell	2013-04-14	Hated the stannis/mel scene.  Theon/bastard scenes were great." Rhaegar fought valiantly, rhaegar fought nobly, rhaegar fought bravely. And rhaegar died." Television gold my friends. Glad it made its way in, although abbreviated.
89	briantw	2013-04-14	Oh my god. I can't stop laughing at the hand and sudden jump cut to credits with that music playing. So casually brutal and gruesome, it's perfect. Jaime, you poor bastard. No good deed and all that.Totally agree.  The casualness of the brutality is what makes is work so well.
90	wandering	2013-04-14	10 absolutely. Got loads in and it was all excellent to fucking amazing. 
Only thing I didn't like was the closing credits, that music just doesn't belong and it kind if sucked me out of the moment there.
91	Ser Redjed	2013-04-14	I particularly enjoyed the humor shown in this episode, it is an often overlooked quality found in the ASOFAI series.I mean really who doesn't like a dead bard now and then?I now also bear the guilt and shame, that the plot deviations worked in this episode.Long live the Hold Steady!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Redjed, 14 April 2013 - 10:42 PM.
92	J. Stargaryen	2013-04-14	Bit of an overreaction to a credits song that, at best, is deliberate soundtrack dissonance done for dramatic effect, and at worst, is just an anachronistic reference gag.Completely agree.I've seen that user complaining about the song in a few posts now. Get over it, Cas. You didn't like it. We get it. You not liking something =/= any sort of red flag.I respect everyone's right to complain about something once, or even follow up to a reply. But five posts on you're just nagging.---Btw, loved the episode. Gave it a 10.
					
					
							Edited by J. Stargaryen, 14 April 2013 - 10:42 PM.
93	jobmartell	2013-04-14	And is the comnent tyrion makes to LF about bastards in regard to the killing of roberts or an inside statement about him.....?
94	DragonsHungry	2013-04-14	The Blackfish funeral scene, Dany/Jorah/Selmy and the Rhaegar reference, Theon, and Jaime's hand, nice episode.
95	Warrick	2013-04-14	I can't get over how bad that ending credit song was. That was easily the most confusing and dumbest fucking decision ever. It completely ruined the last scene for me. That kind of dumb shit takes away from the realism and grittiness of a great TV show and makes it seem like a joke lol.
96	Ser Graymax	2013-04-14	Another 7 from me with maybe a +.  Too much like the last 2 episodes in timing and editing.
Don't like how they are deviating from the books but I understand.  Still a lot to like.
The Bear sounded to me like they would sing it at a pub after a few rounds so it worked for for me but I have to go back and listen again.
Don't know how well non readers can follow this season.
97	Warrick	2013-04-14	I love this show because I feel immersed into westeros. Those ending credits instantly warped me back into my house and took away any emotion that I felt from the last scene. How people thought that was a good idea is mind boggling haha, jesus
98	tito5601	2013-04-14	a 9 because a 10 is reserved for episodes like blackwater for me i must say i even enjoyed the podrick scene even if it was a bit of a waste
99	RobertF	2013-04-14	So how will the FX dept pull of Jaimie's missing hand in future episodes, I wonder?
100	Head of The Ned	2013-04-14	So how will the FX dept pull of Jaimie's missing hand in future episodes, I wonder?It will be interesting for sure. I can't wait to see Goldenhand The Just!
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 14 April 2013 - 10:56 PM.
101	cybobbie	2013-04-14	I would give 9.5 if I could because the only scene that I didn't like was the one with Stannis, but love the rest.
I love Blackfish, perfect! Loved also the touching scene with Cat. As for Edmure, well I didn't like him in the books as well, so I think that he is fine for me as well in the show. I was amazed by the details on the scenery in Riverrun, they really did an amazing job.
Also loved the Hot Pie goodbye scene, it was beautifully done and even got me missing Hot Pie too.
The scene with the small council made me laugh a lot, I only thought that Tywin was in a very good mood to endure it!
Dany's scenes also awesome, can't wait for next week's episode!
Didn't care much for Pod's scenes at first, but Tyrion mentioning the Meerenese knot changed my opinion /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Finally, Jamie and Brienne. Well they are simply amazing in the series, best casting in the show IMO. I only could see the details of the last scene as I wanted because I had to go to my computer as fast as possible after the show to be able to get my tickets for The Exhibition. Very Happy that I got them /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> However I will be able to watch the episode again in 45 minutes, so I will see what all the comments are all about regarding Nikolaj Coster-Waldau awesome acting in the moment they cut his hand.
102	Dove	2013-04-14	Have to admit I really dig the little shout-outs to the book
"I heard you'd lost your nose..."
"Meereenese knot"
103	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-14	Holy hell this episode was perfect. 10.From the somber tones of Riverun, to the lighthearted banter of Pod and Tyrion. Seeing the Bastard's hunt (No, not Bastard. Never Bastard.) Dany's talk and walk. And A Bear, a bear! But my god, that ending. My god. If you rated this episode anything lower than a 7 delete your account, turn off your computer, and never watch the show again. Because nothing they do will ever please you.Good god that ending! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />   I gave it a 10.
104	Warden of the North121	2013-04-14	I really can't think of anything that I didn't like. I gave it a 10. The pacing was amazing given that everyone except Sansa and Bran was in the episode pretty much.
105	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2013-04-14	I gave it a 7 this week....over all a great episode but I took a point away for the upbeat flavor of the song during the credits. Not to knock the song at all but I think it made too light of Jaime having his hand hacked off.
The Pod and the Brothel scenes were silly but it did give me a chuckle when Tyrion and Bronn pulled up their chairs for details.
106	Chuck88	2013-04-14	Absolutely loved it. This season keeps getting better 10/10.
Noah Taylor is absolutely killing it.
Nikolaj Coster Waldau is right up there with Charles Dance and Alfie Allen in terms of acting ability.
The Hot Pie scene was so sad. Reminded the viewers of just how young Arya really is.
Dany, Robb, the Tullys and the King's Landing stuff was all brilliant as well. I thought the Pod thing was a little bit odd, but he'll be an important character later on so fair play to them. And as a few posters have said, the way this seasons about to go, a little bit of comic relief now won't go amiss.
I'm really looking forward to seeing what goes down at Craster's next week. The tension in that scene was incredible.
Still not really sure what the deal is with Mance. Is that him done for the season now?
My favorite part of the whole episode though -
"You little bastard."
I wasn't a fan of the song at all, at least not the placement of it. Really killed the tension after what is now one of my favorite scenes of the whole series.
107	DornishmansWife	2013-04-14	Why isn't anyone angry at Robb, ever in any of these episodes.  It's like all of his bannermen have forgotten he broke his word and married some wandering healer rather than his promised Frey girl.  No one's worried about losing Frey troops, least of all Robb, which just confuses me.  Doesn't book Robb try to make nice with Walder Frey right away? 
Anyways, if I was Edmure, that's what I would have shouted at King Robb when he was busy dressing me down for not following orders.  
I liked the Theon and Dany scenes, but maybe D&D should let George write all the Robb/Stannis/Tyrion scenes.
108	Warrick	2013-04-14	Since we're adding modern music to the show, let's throw in some Kesha during the sex scenes "everybody gettin crunk crunk, boys wanna touch my junk junk!!!", I think that would really add to the mood and people wouldn't expect it. Also we can throw in some Ice Cube when Robb is beasting on people and putting people in their place "Aint nuttin to it, gangsta rap made me do it". Robbs a G, man.
And during future war scenes, we can get some "let the bodies hit the floor". It would REALLY add to the Westerosi vibe and "artistic dissonance" to the show. Anyone agree?
					
					
							Edited by Warrick, 14 April 2013 - 11:30 PM.
109	Warrick	2013-04-14	.
					
					
							Edited by Warrick, 14 April 2013 - 11:30 PM.
110	briantw	2013-04-14	Since we're adding modern music to the show, let's throw in some Kesha during the sex scenes "everybody gettin crunk crunk, boys wanna touch my junk junk!!!", I think that would really add to the mood and people wouldn't expect it. Also we can throw in some LL Cool J when Robb is beasting on people and putting people in their place "Aint nuttin to it, gangsta rap made me do it". Robbs a G, man.And during future war scenes, we can get some "let the bodies hit the floor". It would REALLY add to the Westerosi vibe and grittiness of the show. Anyone agree?I think adding songs to the end credits is drastically different from adding songs to the actual show.
111	Dr. Pepper	2013-04-14	Why do you feel that way? I've had some episodes that felt meh to me, but I don't think I've ever given an episode lower than a 6! What didn't work for you this episode? Just curious, I love reading other people's opinions /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I also gave the episode a low rating.  I kept looking at the clock wanting it to be over, which never happens when watching GoT.  I think my opinion of it will change in hindsight, but with only the material so far, it didn't excite me at all. This episode will probably be infinitely better when it's viewed as part of a whole, but as a standalone, didn't work for me.
112	Dragonstar	2013-04-14	I just LOVE Blackfish. I'm searching for the name of the actor who plays him. He's not familiar to me. I think he absolutely nails it. Couldn't be happier with the casting of one of my favorite characters.
113	wandering	2013-04-14	I just LOVE Blackfish. I'm searching for the name of the actor who plays him. He's not familiar to me. I think he absolutely nails it. Couldn't be happier with the casting of one of my favorite characters.He looks the part, but I thought the actor played it a little too campy at times. Minor gripe, he wasn't bad or anything. I recognised him from an episode of Spaced, he played the guy with the eye patch.
114	Dove	2013-04-14	Haha, I think most of the people whining about the song torrented the episode - in the legit version the music doesn't play in the show, you goofs, just the credits. ;P
115	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	Haha, I think most of the people whining about the song torrented the episode - in the legit version the music doesn't play in the show, you goofs, just the credits. ;PI watched it on HBO and I still have a huge problem with the song.  The juxtaposition with Jaime's scene kinda ruined it.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 14 April 2013 - 11:48 PM.
116	Oakenfist	2013-04-14	Haha, I think most of the people whining about the song torrented the episode - in the legit version the music doesn't play in the show, you goofs, just the credits. ;PHBOGo screwed up royally.
117	Three Eyed Bro	2013-04-14	It was solid as fuck
118	Israel	2013-04-14	"Also, who knew Podrick was such a pimp?  Anyone who hated those scenes with him, Tyrion and Bronn I have one thing to say...
Dont hate the playa, hate the Game (of Thrones)"
for real
					
					
							Edited by Israel, 15 April 2013 - 12:02 AM.
119	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-14	Easily the best episode of season 3 so far, and MUCH better than any of the shit we got in season 2.
120	Coldhands' Elk	2013-04-14	Nine!
That was the best episode by far in season 3. I'm impressed with how they did this one, hopefully it keeps getting better.
121	Arrow	2013-04-15	machina.The chase scene was fantastic (and I'm sure cost a fortune in stunt men and horses).Reminiscent of the Arwen/The Nine chase scene with Frodo on board - white horse and rider(s) pursued by bad guys dressed in black - was reminded of it instantly.
122	Arya Stalka	2013-04-15	I did think the whole "Podrick the Playa" scene was funny.  The scene where the Blackfish looses the arrow and he lights up the pyre was great! 
Bye bye Hot Pie /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> That was sweet. I miss Vargo Hoat's lisp. "SATHIRES!" Would've preferred the book way Jaime lost his hand.  
Theon's chase was good. I also liked Tyrion's revelation on Baelish's borrowing.  The Bear @ the Maiden Fair! Loved both versions.  It was a good episode. Gave an 8.  Looking forward to next weeks epi!
123	Table8	2013-04-15	Just watched again, and I'm still not a fan of the episode.  Nothing really moved me except the Jaime scene, and that was compromised by the punk song.  Blackfish was a good character intro.  The Theon stuff will be interesting to book readers since it will flesh out all the stuff that happens to Theon that we dont actually experience. But lots of time wasting with moving chairs, whorehouse, and that awful, AWFUL Stannis portrayal.  
Just didnt feel it like the rest of you.  Dr. pepper said it well, this might be an episode that I can appreciate more after watching follow up eps, but on its own, it did nothing for me.  I actually enjoyed the first 2 eps more than this one.  
Gave it a 5, which in hindsight seems a bit harsh (probably should have given it a 6).  But not getting anything close to a 10.
124	shamshir	2013-04-15	i'd give it an 8. enjoyed the scenes with jaime the most. the song was lame.
a bit disappointed with the characterizations of mance and tormund thus far. when is tormund going to mention his status as father of bears?!
oh yeah, not a big fan of the stannis scene either. made him look like a schmuck.
					
					
							Edited by shamshir, 15 April 2013 - 12:06 AM.
125	Kasrith	2013-04-15	AMAZING
Haha totally threw me off there at the end, whoever thought of that is brilliant. 
Riverrun, North of the Wall, Astapor, King's Landing, great bits all around. But that end... Too good
126	Kasrith	2013-04-15	i'd give it an 8. enjoyed the scenes with jaime the most. the song was lame.The song when it first appears, sung by the Northernmen was great. And at the end, it brought huge payoff. Well done I say
127	Dove	2013-04-15	I can understand thinking the Pod scenes were a bit silly and unnecessary but the chair moving and prolonged awkward silences was probably the hardest I've ever laughed at this show (except for the ending to the episode, jesus christ that was delightfully twisted).
It's unfair for me to call anyone who didn't like it "whiners" though because I get how it could be a really hit or miss, polarizing kind of episode. It just happened to hit all the right marks with me.
edit: oh and craster licking his lips at sam, hahahaha
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 12:08 AM.
128	Currawong	2013-04-15	YES.  It's the dissonance that makes it work.  it's used all the time in independent cinemaNot to mention that the main title music itself is SO totally 'medieval' in tone and orchestration!   /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />    Can't see what the problem is.
129	Lord Kyle	2013-04-15	Better than last week's episode! Gave this one a 3, the show is getting better!
130	Arya Stalka	2013-04-15	And during future war scenes, we can get some "let the bodies hit the floor". It would REALLY add to the Westerosi vibe and "artistic dissonance" to the show. Anyone agree?Lol! "Let the bodies hit the floor" love that suggestion.
131	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-15	5/10  One point off for making Stannis look like a jerk.  One point off for the fact that the've gotten cheap with the musical score this year and are only recycling themes from prior seasons.  One point off for another episode that felt like a soap opera.  One point added for the musical chairs in the Small Council and Poderick's "initiation".  Three points off for turning the Bear and the Maiden Fair into a rock song.
132	The She Wolf	2013-04-15	What worked for me:
- Dany's part was great. Barristan, Jorah, Kraznys, Missandei and Dany all were performed amazingly. Loved the Rhaegar references.
- The small council scene was awesome. Again all the actors there did a great job
- The whole thing at Craster's keep
- Jaime/Brienne, saphires, hand and all
- The Hot Pie scene was adorable. There isn't too much cuteness on this show so that made me smile
- I actually liked the Talisa scene too, probably for the same reason as above
- Love the set for Riverrun. Cat and Robb were great.
What didn't work:
- Blackfish pushing Edmure
- The Stannis/Mel thing was just weird
- The random Pod scene. Total waste of time
A much more eventful episode than the last 2, naturally. I'd say it's a 9
					
					
							Edited by The She Wolf, 15 April 2013 - 12:26 AM.
133	Chacho88	2013-04-15	i gave it a 7
i liked the episode, just a few things were hard for me to watch, i don't know how people liked tyrion dragging the chair, i thought it was terrible, i know he is a joker but he doesn't try to act a fool infront of his father and tywin would have never stood up to that, would've thrown him out the room
next stannis? i don't know, maybe since there is no POV of him in books you don't know what he is like really, but that was just weird and creepy
and last i think, i liked the blackfish and edmure, just didn't like him pushing edmure out of the way after he shot the arrow and then just leave, you don't do that to your liege lord
well i guess, other then that 30 seconds of TV in total, the rest of the episode was pretty good, i really thought theon was going to get his shit pushed in, and the pod with the whores was funny ( still don't think they didn't want the money lol) i liked the daenarys parts as well, like i said, besides those little things i was fine with it, i really wish they could do full hour episodes or even maybe make it a 12-13 episode season, or break it up into two, like 6-7 episodes every half season, would be sweet,
134	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	most of the ep was good. but last scene was really dissapointing with that shtty music credits. i never imagined they will include that kind of modern version of that song.
i was watching this ep3 online on my pc and during last scene of jamie when roose bannerman tells jamie something and suddenly the music starts. first i thought some popup or ad appeared on my internet browser so i minimsed my chrome browser to close that ad or popup in the background to stop that music.  but wtf !!!!!!!!!it was no ad or any popup. it was actually music given to the tv show itself. it was end credits.i was really stunned.
135	J. Stargaryen	2013-04-15	most of the ep was good. but last scene was really dissapointing with that shtty music credits. i never imagined they will include that kind of modern version of that song.i was watching this ep3 online on my pc and during last scene of jamie when roose bannerman tells jamie something and suddenly the music starts. first i thought some popup or ad appeared on my internet browser so i minimsed my chrome browser to close that ad or popup in the background to stop that music.  but wtf !!!!!!!!!it was no ad or any popup. it was actually music given to the tv show itself. it was end credits.i was really stunned.Sorry, but I can't help but laugh at people who are complaining because the torrented version had a messed up sound track. So you stole something, and you're pissed about the quality of the thing you stole? Bummer.
136	Cravensbayne	2013-04-15	10/10. One of the best episodes in the whole series. Humor, sex, action, and a twist. Or 2 twists. Or 3?  Great ep that will be even better on subsequent viewings. Theon getting butt rammed could have been left out, though.
137	The She Wolf	2013-04-15	Sorry, but I can't help but laugh at people who are complaining because the torrented version had a messed up sound track. So you stole something, and you're pissed about the quality of the thing you stole? Bummer.I really wish there was a legal way to purchase only the show, not too long after it airs. I don't have any cable or satellite TV subscription (I barely watch any shows, I watch this one because of the books, and I use Netflix sometimes). I have the first 2 seasons on DVD, but they come a year later.But yeah, I understand your point and so I'm not complaining about the soundtrack mess-up /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by The She Wolf, 15 April 2013 - 12:47 AM.
138	DanyStark	2013-04-15	Does anyone else think Mel is going for Gendry as the sacrifice?
139	Griff too	2013-04-15	I gave this episode a 9. As several people have said the Riverrun scenes were terrific. I didn't quite get the whole Stannis scene the first time I watched it but the second time I don't hate it as much, he seems more interested in the destruction of his enemies than the sex. Also I think it sets up a unique story arc for Mel (The whole you are not the only one with your blood). Absolutely loved the Tyrion and Pod scenes. I think the whore scene sets up Pod for later times. And the Tyrion and Bronn pulling up chairs was just a great way to wrap up the scene after Tyrion explains how bad the 7 Kingdoms are off because of the mismanagement of realm for so long, plus the inclusion of the Iron Bank was great. 
I liked the fact that we are getting a little back story with Theon's arc. As book readers we know where it's heading but, they couldn't written Theon out for 1-2 whole seasons, so I am enjoying that quite a bit. 
As other people have said as well, Jaime is a bad guy. No matter how much we as viewers enjoy Jaime, he's still a bad guy. So the end song doesn't bother me at all when put in the context that he deserves some sort of punishment for everything he has done so far.
140	Griff too	2013-04-15	Does anyone else think Mel is going for Gendry as the sacrifice?That's what I was assuming since we have not been introduced to the other possibility.
141	Nezzer	2013-04-15	Sorry, but I can't help but laugh at people who are complaining because the torrented version had a messed up sound track. So you stole something, and you're pissed about the quality of the thing you stole? Bummer.I torrented the episode after having watched it on TV, so please, tell me, what did I steal? I'm sure there are others who did the same as I did. But let us not turn this tread into a piracy thread.I didn't quite get the whole Stannis scene the first time I watched it but the second time I don't hate it as much, he seems more interested in the destruction of his enemies than the sex.Aye, when he got all cozy with Mel and said he wanted her it looked like he was lying just to convice her to make some shadowbabies. You can see he drops the act when Mel rejects it. But the scene was still pretty weird anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 15 April 2013 - 12:58 AM.
142	Words of Winter	2013-04-15	I gave it a 9/10.  The highest for anything this season.  Ep1 8 (on edge of 9)  Ep 2 - 6.Pros:Jaime and Brienne.  Well done.Musical chairsThe Pod scenes - I think it will be important that he didn't pay.  Now he owes a favor, maybe?Blackfish CatylnDany scenes.  Her scenes seem real strong compared to season 2.NeutralAyra, Robb, funeralConsStannis scene.  I would put this as the weak part of the show.  Not sure I dislike it, but I don't like how emotionally destroyed and dependent he is in the show.  Maybe without Melissandre, he will have to re-kindle (no pun intended) his relationship with Davos which makes him stronger Stannis.  Don't know.  Maybe they can pull it out.I honestly don't know how I feel about the Jaime hand scene versus the ending credits.  I'm all over the place on it.  It's unsettling and maybe that's why they used it here.
143	Ser Creighton	2013-04-15	Was it me or did the Jamie cut to credits cue the Bear have a distinct True blood feel about it? Casually brutal, funny, hysterical song. You know the directors know the nailed an episode when they pull something like that.
Was reading the Huffington post and so many fans don't get the end credits, they are like what is that music? Who wrote this? Outside of beingfrom the books, it's Bree and Jamie, hello the Bear and the maiden, gosh what does that have to do with Bree and Jamie, and what a perfect little bit of foreshadowing for Harrenhall.
144	J. Stargaryen	2013-04-15	I really wish there was a legal way to purchase only the show, not too long after it airs. I don't have any cable or satellite TV subscription (I barely watch any shows, I watch this one because of the books, and I use Netflix sometimes). I have the first 2 seasons on DVD, but they come a year later.But yeah, I understand your point and so I'm not complaining about the soundtrack mess-up /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Note, I'm not knocking people for torrenting. I think it's fine that people torrent the show, provided they can't afford it, or don't have access to it otherwise. It's just the complaining about something so trivial that seems tacky.I torrented the episode after having watched it on TV, so please, tell me, what did I steal? I'm sure there are others who did the same as I did. But let us not turn this tread into a piracy thread.Then what the hell is your point? Btw, just because you watched the show on TV before you torrented it, does not make it any less torrented. So, in fact, you actually did steal the episode, genius.
					
					
							Edited by J. Stargaryen, 15 April 2013 - 01:05 AM.
145	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	Sorry, but I can't help but laugh at people who are complaining because the torrented version had a messed up sound track. So you stole something, and you're pissed about the quality of the thing you stole? Bummer. i was not complaining on torrent version dude.   i thought the music was some popup and tried looking from where that extra page came up . so i minimsed the streaming video.  most of the time when we open internet browser the ad appears.
146	Alboin	2013-04-15	Solid 8
(+)
- I'm loving how Emilia Clarke acting has improved since s2. Her jungling men around was quite fun.
- Amazing Jaime/Brienne sequence. Whole cutting the hand  - the action, the reactions, montage - everyting was handled by the director  and actors just perfectly I would say
- not a lot of Arya (sadly) but It was delightfull to see how M. Williams has grown, that look in her eyes when they're leaving the Hot Pie..
-Tobias Menzies as Edmure is just perfect. As unfortunate and clumsy as he should be, 
- Loved C. Russel as the Blackfish. His confidence actually projects some hope for the North cause, even if when we know how it ends up
(-)
- Chair scene. What was that? 
- Pod scene. In course of the years i came to some terms with instant side nudity shows inside GoT episodes treating them as a necessary evil, but this one is just too big and boring. More then 5 minutes of completely meaningless stuff, which is not even sexy! just boring.
Not sure about Theon stuff. It definitely has something in it, his hope and despair, but either the pace of the story progresses too slowly or it lacks something to make perfect sense, as it did in books.
147	J. Stargaryen	2013-04-15	i was not complaining on torrent version dude.   i thought the music was some popup and tried looking from where that extra page came up . so i minimsed the streaming video.  most of the time when we open internet browser the ad appears.Okay, then my post does not apply to you. Sorry about that. Apparently a lot of people who torrented the ep are complaining because the song came on before the end credits. My post still applies to all of those people.
148	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	Oh my god. I can't stop laughing at the hand and sudden jump cut to credits with that music playing. So casually brutal and gruesome, it's perfect. Jaime, you poor bastard. No good deed and all that.i was streaming tv show on my pc and the music started. i thought the music was some ad or popup and tried looking from where that extra page appeared. but it ws not popup. it was real music from the show. wtffff.
149	Nagisa Furukawa	2013-04-15	I totally get what they were going for with the song thing and that kind of tonal dissonance works really well for me sometimes, but the problem here is just that I don't think it's a very good version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair. The Rains of Castamere was a great rendition where as this just felt jumbled, awkward and more obviously "putting-the-book-lyrics-to-music" than a song in its own right compared to TRoC.
150	Ser Creighton	2013-04-15	i was streaming tv show on my pc and the music started. i thought the music was some ad or popup and tried looking from where that extra page appeared. but it ws not popup. it was real music from the show. wtffff.It's a song from the books, and Hoat and his men are sining it while they march along the road. It's also a sublime bit of foreshadowing for non readers. I see a lot of people don't get it, don't worry you will, as it is one of Jamie's greatest moments and is connected to Jamie and Bree. By the time this seasons ends you will look back at episode 3 credits and get it. Just remember those credits.How does the Bear and the maiden fair tie to Jamie and Bree? Ha, for shame non reader, for shame. In terms of TV that's about as good as it gets for foreshadowing.
151	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I gave it a 9. Great episode, far, far better than last week. I was surprised that Benioff did such a good job directing. I expect more episodes to be done by him in the future.
Pros:
-Daenerys' scene with Kraznys. Once again, the translation bit was hilarious. "Only because I like the curve of her ass" "Because Kraznys is generous"
-Theon's scenes. Although I was expecting the near rape to be far more aggressive and brutal to watch, I feel this is a good way to make Theon feel emasculated without gelding him. And Ramsay being his saviour works in the long run, as it works into the whole Stockholm Syndrome Reek has.
-Speaking of which, RAMSAY!!! Man, Iwan Rheon is going to own this role. I was a bit skeptical last week, but the look on his face as he strolled over to the last dying man convinced me that he's right for the part.
-Good to see they're making more progress on the whole Ros storyline. LF is yet to repay Tyrion, and I have a feeling that the way he does it involves Ros
-Nice foreshadowing with the Iron Bank. Better to mention it now than the future.
-Locke cutting off Jaime's hand. It looked gory, and Locke is a pretty good substitute for Vargo. And I felt his reasons for cutting off Jaime's hand weren't very irrational. He just got tired of Jaime's shit. But I'm worried it came off as a bit humorous. Especially since such an upbeat song was played right after.
-Roose mentioned BY NAME.
-Cat and Brynden. God, Michelle Fairley is just tearing me apart. If she keeps up this high level of acting, the RW will be absolutely unbearable to watch. I would be surprised and very disappointed if she doesn't get an Emmy nom this year.
-Cersei dragging her seat over to sit next to Tywin.
-LF haters, "Lord Twatbeard" is your new de facto insult. I find it far better than "Lord Pissant", honestly.
-Backstory on Rheagar and Robert's Rebellion.
-Anyone else really liked Arya saying goodbye to Hot Pie? That was the highlight for me. It wasn't nowhere near as emotional in the books, and I thought it was a really, really nice moment. I am going to miss Hot Pie and his ballkicking ways /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> Arya, why didn't you give him a hug?
Cons:
-What the hell are they doing with Stannis? I'm fine that they're making him a darker character than he is in the books, but he is NOT a lecher. He's a stick in the mud, and let's keep it that way. We are supposed to eventually root for him, and if they keep this up, it will be hard to do so.
-Are we still getting the Barristan/Dany/Jorah confrontation. They really should have addressed it last week.
-Pod's scene was excessive and cheesy, but hey, at least it showed Tyrion being a whoremonger once again.
-Is it just me or was Brynden being a bit of a dick to Edmure?
Overall, a really good episode. Oh, and for any Unsullied viewers that are thinking to themselves, "DAENERYS YOU ABSOLUTE IDIOT!", I can't wait to see your faces next week.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 15 April 2013 - 07:13 AM.
152	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-15	I loved every second of it. The first 10 minutes or so with barely and dialogue was terrific too.
10/10.
153	Turin Turambar	2013-04-15	9/10
The only downisde: the sex scenes with Podrick (just useless filler)
154	Nezzer	2013-04-15	-Roose mentioned BY NAME.Ha! I thought I was the only one who loved hearing his first name for the first time /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
155	Mr Smith	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8. This episodes biggest strength was its humour. I absolutely loved the wordless banter with the chairs at the small council, Tyrion dragging his chair across the floor was priceless. Also quite enjoyed Talisa assuring the Lannister boys that Robb only ate children on the full moon. I know plenty of people didn't like the Pod stuff, but I thought it was great.
Also really enjoyed Dany, and the fact that her thread is, to the most part, keeping the book dialogue. As far as I'm concerned, the best scenes of the season so far have been the ones that stuck to the book dialogue (Tyrion/Tywin, Margery/Sansa/Olenna, Dany in Astapor).
I liked that they put in Tyrion explaining how the Bank of Braavos works, always good to get that stuff in.
I thought Theon's arc picked up the pace, and I'm happy with where they're taking it.
Someone said that Jaime's scene was ruined by last episode; as Brienne beating him has played down how important losing his hand is and I agree. The scene was great though, particularly in the way they lulled you into a false sense of security.
I have two major problems with this episode. The first is character assassination. They've really messed Stannis up. But the real disappointment was Littlefinger... he was never that much of a kiss-ass in the books, and he certainly wouldn't have been one to try to make it first to sit at Tywin's right hand. They've completely missed the point with him I'm afraid.
The second is the Bear and the Fucking Maiden Fair. They got it in earlier in the episode and it was really enjoyable, so why would they ruin the final scene by playing that stupid punk rock rendition? Really inappropriate and hugely unnecessary.
Last little grumble: Mance Rayder is impressing me less and less each episode.
156	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Ha! I thought I was the only one who loved hearing his first name for the first time /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />It's about damn time the Leech Lord got some recognition.
157	Juliads	2013-04-15	I gave it a 7. Not nearly as enjoyable as the second episode, but better than the first.
Enjoyed the musical chair moment, Cersei taking space near her father, and clarifying to the room at large she's still the boss(besides her dad...) Absolutely loved every minute of Riverrun. Blackfish is amazing and I can't wait to see more of his character brought to the screen.  Robb's moment was very well acted and strongly portrayed.  I have been lukewarm to his character but he was great in his little scene.  Even Talisa who I usually can't stand was good, felt more natural for once. I'm really loving poor Theon's story. Something I can't predict!  Love the actor too.  He's perfect in almost every scene, in my pov.  Happy to hear the bear and the maiden fair song finally!  Really DID NOT like it's modern punk rock version at the end.  They did a great job with the rains of castamere, why couldn't they have also created a more appropriate sounding version of the bear one too?  Jamie and Brienne were great.  Jamie losing his hand, while i prefer the book situation more, was a horrific and very very sad thing to watch.  That actor is brilliant.  Dany feels better this season so far.  I don't know exactly if it's different makeup or wardrobe department, or if her acting's gotten better, but at least i can tolerate her scenes more.  Her new slave handmaiden I do not care for at all.  The actress seems wooden and very boring to me. 
Arya's time felt far too rushed.  The hound bumping his head was an odd, almost comical moment for such a depressing intense character.  And her brief exchange with him about remembering the place was bizarre. I suspect that most viewers have forgotten who the butcher boy was..hell even i forgot his name.
Hot Pie had hardly any screen time, so his leaving really left no impression to me.  Arya's reaction helped to explain that they had a stronger bond than what was shown, but it would have been nice to see more development there before they separated. 
The scene with Stannis also felt out of place and could have done without.  I love the character-more in the tv show than the books actually, but his physical, demanding nature towards Mel seemed really out of character.  What was that a hug?
Only complaint besides some of the more rushed scenes, was the absolutely pointless and ridiculous brothel scene with Pod, then afterwards Tyrion and Bronn dragging chairs over to hear all about it?  What the hell am i watching here?  teenage boys gossiping about a good lay? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />   This story has so many amazing plots and characters that haven't had their fair share of screen time, i hate to imagine what we could have been given instead of the elongated pod orgy-gossip scene.
158	Toxspecific	2013-04-15	So I'm watching it on Couchtuner, and just as the last scene with Locke talking to Jaime before cutting off his hand comes on, some silly rock version of the Bear and Maiden fair song starts playing.
Anti climax... You're doing it right.
And the sexual tension between Tyrion and Cersei just seems too much. We need another incest scene. lol
					
					
							Edited by Toxspecific, 15 April 2013 - 01:58 AM.
159	kephv	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8. Pretty much loved it. Don't really like what they've done with Tormund, or Mance really -- he's kinda dull. Also, wtf is up the Others and the corpse circles? I suppose it'll scare some farmers when they finally invade westeros.
Highlights:
Hot Pie and the direwolf treat.
"You little bastard!" -- see what happens when someone calls him that?
Rhaegar was mentioned! I almost thought they forgot about him.
The Meereenese knot - har!
The beginning of Ser Jaime the Just. Though, as others have mentioned, I don't like how they played down his abilities. Makes losing his hand have a bit less of an impact. I don't think D&D think too highly of him.
160	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-15	My only gripes were two scenes, the Pod/whores and Talisa again. We don't need to see Talisa in every episode. If those scenes didn't exist I'd give it a ten. Loved Hot Pie's direwolf creation.
161	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	And the sexual tension between Tyrion and Cersei just seems too much. We need another incest scene. lolLol, I didn't pick up on any sexual tension between the two.
162	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-15	Lol, I didn't pick up on any sexual tension between the two.I don't see it either. When Tywin told Tyrion about being Master of Coin, Cersei looked like she was going to roar and chop the table in half.
163	eRome	2013-04-15	Best episode of the season, no question.
Plus: Jamie's hand was a real suprise, considering HBO's decision to lessen Tyrion's wounds. Now for the rest of the show there will be an added CGI/practical makeup. In the end, too essential to the character arch not to include it, so thumbs up...
Plus: Westerosi Musical Chairs! Varys has great facial expressions...
Plus: Bringing Theon into the story has been handled well, considering he disappears after ACoK and doesn't reemerge until ADwD. I assume letting him go was all one of Ramsay's games he likes to play, which would explain the solider's WTF moment right before the arrow to the head. More mind games and torture to follow, fingers crossed...  
Negative: Stannis has a serious case of depression, which, if you think about it, is probably a more realistic reaction to utter defeat than what we get in the books; I always thought he came off as delusional in ASoS after Blackwater. Just didn't like the scene. And where the hell is Mel going? Don't change too much guys...
Negative: Does anyone else feel Dany's storyline is being rushed? There's a lot more action for her here than in S2, but it seems like they're burning through it rather quickly. I would like more time in Astapor, more Unsullied and more slavers. I was already irked by her scenes in episode one of season three, what with the nonsense of Selmy running around in the Obi Wan robe and his less than shocking reveal, I was hoping for something more. Plus, has anyone noticed in the opening credits just beyond Astapor there's another city? I assume this is Mereen, which implies they are going to leave out Yunki. After the liberation of Yunki Dany earns the title of "Mother" or "Mysha" which just so happens to be the last episode of the season's title. Are they going to cut these scenes? Slow it down folks! And if there's no "Time to cross the Trident" line from Dany next week I'll be pissed...
Negative: End credits music choice took me out of the moment. Bear and the Maiden Fair I get, but why not give us the version sung in Westeros, you know the one everyone was singing earlier in episode? The more I reflect on this the more I hate the decision....
164	Katsa	2013-04-15	This episode has certainly raised my awareness regarding the Others. I never knew they were great artists, capable of creating brilliant ground murals in the show using only the heads of dead horses. Hot Pie's artistry with the wolf-bread also deserves a special mention.Does anyone else feel Dany's storyline is being rushed? There's a lot more action for her here than in S2, but it seems like they're burning through it rather quickly. I would like more time in Astapor, more Unsullied and more slavers. I was already irked by her scenes in episode one of season three, what with the nonsense of Selmy running around in the Obi Wan robe and his less than shocking reveal, I was hoping for something more. Plus, has anyone noticed in the opening credits just beyond Astapor there's another city? I assume this is Mereen, which implies they are going to leave out Yunki. After the liberation of Yunki Dany earns the title of "Mother" or "Mysha" which just so happens to be the last episode of the season's title. Are they going to cut these scenes? Slow it down folks! And if there's no "Time to cross the Trident" line from Dany next week I'll be pissed...It is sped up on purpose. I think that D&D has done this smartly. Dany gets to be a BAMF this season, ending the Unsullied industry in Asatapor by episode 4 and possibly taking the other cities in Slaver's Bay by the end of this episode. Since she is extremely popular among TV viewers, it will be the only positive thing that keeps the viewers watching after the RW. The PW will only be shown in season 4, along with the Battle at the Wall/Castle Black.
165	Hoo	2013-04-15	I'll give it a generous 8.  (It's close to 7)
Theon - Excelent plot, enjoyed every bit of it. 10
Stannis - Dumb plot.  They show Melissandre leaving, but to make the time spent worthwhile, they show several minutes of horny Stannis begging for sex.  Stupid plot line. 0
Arya - Boring plot line, nothing there.  OK hot pie will no longer be a part of the show.  Thanks for wasting my time. 1
Jon - Short but fantastic, straight to the point, Mance stole the show. 10
Nightwatch - it was OK.  I could've done without the birth, but I guess they want to keep developing Piggy's relationship.  6
Rob - Introduction of Tullys was non existent so for a non-reader those two characters are a puzzle.  The scenes were great though, enjoyed them a lot.  Fierce Rob was great: 9.
Lady Stark - Boring. 0.
Tywin Roundtable - Whatever.  It's watchable but impertinent.  2.
Tyrion/Pod - Whatever, Watchable but impertinent. 2.
Jaime Briene - Awesome - 10
Daenerys - This story is moving along quite well. I liked it a lot.  10.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 15 April 2013 - 02:55 AM.
166	Arrow	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8.
Littlefinger: Safest place in the city.
Tyrion: Not for bastards.
Zzzziiiiing...
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 15 April 2013 - 03:35 AM.
167	Eggy	2013-04-15	Yeah, and I mean book readers know how the season's going to end anyway, so why bother making the show?That is the whole problem with too many folks on this site. They watch the show with a checklist in mind, checking off scenes from the book. They don't even care or are oblivious about good television.
168	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-04-15	Just watched the episode. Loved it! 9 points from me. Excellent television.Best points (to me):Riverrun (the castle)Introduction of the Tullys: Changed from the books; but not necessarily for the worse. Well fleshed out characters.Hot Pie's goodbyeCraster's look when he called Sam a pig and licked his lips /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />Dany's negotiations with KraznysTheon being pursued and knocked off his horse by the Dreadfort menWeak points:Stannis / Mel at the beach (WTF?? Stannis suddenly witty yet whiny?) /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />Podrick in the whorehouse, later getting all patted on the back for whatever (what was the point of that??)Brienne howling as she was dragged away for rapeShock points for sudden ultra-graphic brutality:"This here should help you remember..." /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />I think people who dislike the show should generally not watch the previews and the character introduction videos. And not read all the text about the episodes beforehand. Spoiling yourself by letting others tell you what to expect is a surefire way to ruin your enjoyment of the show.
					
					
							Edited by BreastplateWithNipples, 15 April 2013 - 03:56 AM.
169	Holdfast	2013-04-15	9/10.  Best episode of Season 3 so far.  Daenery's storyline a lot more watchable this season.
Liked the Blacfish and Riverun scenes.
Only disappointment for me was the Podrick scene - unecessary - only reason I could see it being included was to give Tyrion and Bronn some more time together, but it didn't work for me.  I would rather more time was given to thecrucial plot lines.
170	tyrions sliced nose	2013-04-15	loved the podrick scene, i thought it was hilarious lol
some really good humour in the episode only for it to lead to a crazy final scene.
171	Volantis	2013-04-15	I think the Talisa scene was to show...(posting the rest in book spoiler code)
	Spoiler how young and innocent the Lannister boys are before they get whacked by Karstark
And to remind the audience she's still there
172	Volantis	2013-04-15	Kraznys is the funniest guy on the show
173	Wankerfell	2013-04-15	I loved the episode. Thoros' brief appearance was enjoyable, the Tully men were brilliant, and Mance delivered once again. It's just a shame that there isn't more time for the crows. I also liked how the show took it slow in the right places, rather than rushing through all the scenes as it's had a tendency to do the first two episodes. The negotiation was excellent, and I love how they give subtitles to the Astapori. 
LOVED Jaime's fingers twitching at the end. Made it look freaking real. Just a great episode all around. The only real negative was the end theme. That was a terrible decision, and hopefully one they don't make again.
					
					
							Edited by Wankerfell, 15 April 2013 - 05:15 AM.
174	Mexal	2013-04-15	I loved the Pod seen as well. It brought more levity to the show, something it's in dire need of. Plus, it builds the relationship between Pod and Tyrion. Nothing wrong with that.
175	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-15	A well deserved 8.
What I liked:
- Arya/Hot Pie scene. Is there any scene (yet!) where Arya is not cute?
- Locke. How's Roose going be scarier than this bloke?
- Tyrion. Back in the game after his dada knocked him down.
- Robb/Blackfish. Robb's still mad as hell. Blackfish' got his back.
- Catelyn(!). Usually I really don't care for her. She outdid herself this time.
- The Harpy of Astapor.
- Missandei /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
- References: Rhaegar, Iron Bank
What I didn't like:
- Pod scene. Didn't hate it, but I have my priorities. They should have replaced this one with more screentime for Robb/Arya.
- Mance. I love Hinds, but up until now he hasn't delivered.
- Stannis. Too clingy.
And in general: too many storylines, not enough time to add adequate depth to certain characters. I'm wondering how they'll handle this in future seasons. Don't get me wrong, I want Dorne and to a lesser extent the Iron Islands in upcoming seasons. But it's going to require pro level juggling.
					
					
							Edited by Moseh Khayim, 15 April 2013 - 06:32 AM.
176	TheEvilKing	2013-04-15	Gave it an 8.
- Jaime/Brienne stuff was great. Jaime's behanding came out of nowhere, which was nice.
- I thought the Riverrun stuff was fairly strong. However I will say that the Blackfish is a total asshole to poor Edmure.
- Aw Hot Pie.
- Dany's bargaining scene with the slaver was a pretty awesome scene, maybe the best in the ep. Didn't like her "we're not men, gurl powah!" line.
- Ramsay stuff was excellent. Point blank arrow execution - wow.
- The scenes beyond the wall were all the best so far this season.
- The Small Council scene was top tier. I have no problem with Pod and his whores, it's nice to fit in a light-hearted fun scene like that while we're still early in the season.
- It's nice to hear the Bear and the Maiden Fair, but the rock version in the credits felt completely out of place. This isn't True Blood.
- Iron Bank was mentioned. I think that bodes well, the writers are setting a bit of stuff up for further down the track.
177	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Yes, thought the Pod scene was hilarious!
Music during the credits following Jaimie's hand being cut off - mind-blowing juxtaposition.  When I heard the music, for the first second or two, I thought the channel had somehow changed to another one!  Then, WTF?  
LOVED the way that the scene with Jaime and Brienne - the Jaime starting with his 'golden tongue bit' was done SO well.  "Yes, I do love partridge, " what a scream (paradoxically).
The Arya scene didn't do much, but I guess it was necessary as a set up for Sandor's meeting with Beric next episode, and I liked the closure with Hotpie.
Thought the bit about the horses at the Fist was really inventive - very impressive.
Glad the Riverrun bit was true to the story.  Edmure's exposure as a real dolt was quick and effective.  Have always loved the bit where he can't get a flaming arrow to his father's bier.  The blackfish!!!  Awesome.
The whole Astapor scene - amazing!  Dany was perfect, and I loved Misandre,,,she's going to be terrific!  Also loved the Valor Morgulis bit - now the non-book audience knows what that means (for men, though...Dany's a force to be reckoned with.  Can NOT wait for the next episode re Dany's pillaging of Astapor.
For next episode - Mel better leave Gendry alone or I'll go beat her up!  Did like Mel telling Stannis his fire was too low -- lol.
I'm sure I've missed something, but gotta get ready for work - bummer.
ETA:  Gave it a 9.
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 15 April 2013 - 06:42 AM.
178	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Not a fan of teh last scene stylistically, nor the Pod scene, otherwise pretty good. Going to have to accept the way they are changing all the characters, found Aiden's LF voice more grating than ever as he literally chews up the scenery alla a Bond Villain which was quite jarring. Liked seeing Theon's escape attempt. Some good dialogue attempts to save mistakes made earlier in the series, like Jaime-Brienne conversation and Robb berating Edmure, but actually avoiding the need for these dialogues in retrospect (which whilst good attempts are far clumsier than showing and telling things as they actually happen) would have been preferable. Didn't really need to see a contortionist prostitute to be honest. So a mix of pretty bloody good (any scene I haven't complained about but especially Dany's ones which is rare) and pretty bad. Averages to 7
179	Gronzag	2013-04-15	I gave it 8. Best so far (of season 3)
180	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	Wanted to gave it a 10, but settled for a 9 because of that Stannis scene. I just can't picture Book Stannis in that position....ever.
Thumbs up for the amount of good humour in this episode. Hope they'll keep it up in the next episodes as well.
181	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	9
I hated the Stannis scene. They have a lot to make up for next season with what the way they are portraying his character.
182	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-15	I give it a 9/10 every episode is getting better except the first episode a bit of a letdown. Pod scene hilarious, arya's pack getting smaller so sad /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
sweet pie with "winterhell" n his deformed wolf bread. Loved crasters scene set up for next episode n hated it too cause of whats coming, poor old bear. Considering she's only viewed little through cat's POV we shouldnt even see "Talisa" unless shes standing next to robb n not even always. must they keep rubing her in our face. if not for her scene would have given it a ten. Didn't like the rock version of the song for a minute I thought I was watching another show, I like how Bolton's men were singing it better.
					
					
							Edited by Rhaegarsjoy, 15 April 2013 - 07:11 AM.
183	Queen of Whores	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8, but would have given if an 8.5 if possible.
Liked:
- Dany talking with Kraznys again and the Rhaegar quote.
- I loved Riverrun in the opening titles. It also looks good in the show itself.
- Everything about the Blackfish except the way he treated Edmure.
- Roose's first name finally being said.
- Mention of the Iron Bank of Braavos.
- Noah Taylor as Locke is amazing.
- The final scene, including the song. Perfect dark humour.
Indifferent:
- Theon's scenes. Although Ramsay trolling us with 'winter is coming' was hilarious.
- Sam and the NW at Craster's.
- Arya, Gendry, Hot Pie and the Brotherhood.
- The Small Council meeting. I grinned about the chairs, but that was it.
Disliked:
- Tyrion, Pod and Bronn's scene. Overly long, pointless and took up precious time that could have been spent on more important things, like...
- Jon at the Fist. Incredibly rushed and no tension. Mance has no charisma and this may well be the last time we see him this season.
- Stannis and Mel's scene. Badly written, and is not showing the Stannis I love in the books. I would rather have seen a scene of Davos brooding in his cell than this scene.
					
					
							Edited by RhymesWithFreak, 15 April 2013 - 07:03 AM.
184	greensleeves	2013-04-15	7... would have been a 9, but I had major problems with the Pod scenes.
185	Conchobar	2013-04-15	HHAHAHAHA! What a brilliant episode! The ending shocked me to the core, was not expecting it to be thaat good, the Jaime scene with his hand. The pooling blood, the rock song. haha. Ramsay scene was creepy as fuck too, you can see how he is going to develop.
186	Sansa in the North	2013-04-15	9/10
The only thing I didn't like was the overly long, unnecessary Pod/Tyrion/Bron thing. It's wasting precious screen time that could be spent catching up with other POV characters on Tyrion's sidekicks. Aslo, the music at the end was strange, I guess. 
But I loved everything else! We finally got to hear the bear and the maiden fair and Jaime's hand scene was brilliant! Also really loved the Tullys, especially the funeral scene and the "wait for me little Cat". For once, the writers got Catelyn's character right!
187	smithy	2013-04-15	I gave a 9 , best episode this season easily , I know its a good TV show when a hour passes seemingly in the blink of an eye , that ending too .
Only bit I didn't like was Pod , even though it was quite amusing , also the second Ros's face appeared on screen I actually said out loud 'UGH' .
Edit ~ That music? wtf was that? took one of the most intense moments in the story then cut to that musical abortion O_o
					
					
							Edited by smithy, 15 April 2013 - 07:51 AM.
188	Srefanius	2013-04-15	OMG whats with the damn music at the end? This was so much no go and it was really badly timed too. Never ever I felt like this after an episode, it just was like a WTF oO moment which totally destroyed the whole episode. I even thought there was something wrong with my setup...
189	Greyjoy67	2013-04-15	5/10  One point off for making Stannis look like a jerk.  One point off for the fact that the've gotten cheap with the musical score this year and are only recycling themes from prior seasons.  One point off for another episode that felt like a soap opera.  One point added for the musical chairs in the Small Council and Poderick's "initiation".  Three points off for turning the Bear and the Maiden Fair into a rock song.Lol. There really is no point watching if you're gonna get butthurt enough to take 3 points off over something like that. Good Lord.
190	Kaitscralt	2013-04-15	I gave it a 10, as always I'd give it an extra few digits if I could for the rage it's inspired from a few people on here.
191	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	Bah, nobody appreciates a good bit of sountrack dissonance anymore.  It's really one of my favorite techniques - accentuating the impact of a scene by subverting the audience's expectations of how the music directs the mood.
192	Tadco26	2013-04-15	I really liked it, but I may have actually liked last week better ... I dunno, it just felt like they wasted a lot of time on Cersei and Tyrion dragging chairs and the "Pod is a stud-muffin" thing. *sigh*I agree.  If they had unlimited screen time then these scenes would have been fine, but when time is such an important resource, wasting it on scenes like this when so much other stuff has to be cut is a shame.  Still a good episode, but those are choices that keep it from being "the best adaptation that could possibly be made for film" as some like to claim it is.
193	boojam	2013-04-15	Negative: Does anyone else feel Dany's storyline is being rushed? There's a lot more action for her here than in S2, but it seems like they're burning through it rather quickly. I would like more time in Astapor, more Unsullied and more slavers. I was already irked by her scenes in episode one of season three, what with the nonsense of Selmy running around in the Obi Wan robe and his less than shocking reveal, I was hoping for something more. Plus, has anyone noticed in the opening credits just beyond Astapor there's another city? I assume this is Mereen, which implies they are going to leave out Yunki. After the liberation of Yunki Dany earns the title of "Mother" or "Mysha" which just so happens to be the last episode of the season's title. Are they going to cut these scenes? Slow it down folks! And if there's no "Time to cross the Trident" line from Dany next week I'll be pissed...Negative: End credits music choice took me out of the moment. Bear and the Maiden Fair I get, but why not give us the version sung in Westeros, you know the one everyone was singing earlier in episode? The more I reflect on this the more I hate the decision....Ok the idea , I thought the idea, of having 20 episodes was to not have to pound 1000 lbs of print prose into a 20 lb teleplay sacks. With too much prose to adapt is it wise to make up story that burns narrative time, unless it really is a change that advances the narrative or fleshes out characters.I thought the whole incident between Brynden and Edmure happened in the book?Whew what an awkward dialog that Clive Russell had to deliver about forgetting he was Brynden!(D and D just do downright goofy things at times.)Hard to leave out Riverrun tho mostly for the introduction of the Tullys.And having started Theon's story it does seem , teleplay wise , useful to the narrative to continue it, tho I have wonder if D and D have imagination to made say 15 more episodes of torture interesting.(I think this is one reason GRRM let Theon's story lapse for almost 2 books!So, my two favorite stories in SoS are Arya and Dany. Arya's story seems to proceed at pace , there was a lot of wandering in circles first few Arya chapters. Some good actors in the Brotherhood , but they must have one season contracts , cause , as I remember they vanish from the narrative, looks like there is going to be some kind of extension ,  due to Gendry, somehow?I re-read the first few Dany S0S chapters last week , it's mostly exposition. Actually in George's fine story telling manner very interesting conversations that fill in a whole lot of back story, and the 'training' of the Unsullied is the most griping, it's pretty long in the book, and makes the slavers seem even more horrible. But I don't know how you put that into a teleplay. Fireworks next week me thinks.That Moroccan seaport city looks good, but they don't seem to VFX 'dress' the surrounds to GRRM's exotic description, except for the Harpy (love their design) is about the only thing they do.Why does " Bear and the Maiden Fair" occur on the end credits this episode? I thought they would be saving that for a particular event in an episode coming up.O Lord I hated the semi-Rock composition, instruments drowned out the lyrics!This was the wrong wrong wrong take.This song is something The Chieftains (or a similar) band could have hit out of the park. (Horrible, I hated it!)The credit close S2E9 was perfect and unexpected ... alas, alas...Now I guess we get to hear it twice! Damn!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 15 April 2013 - 07:49 AM.
194	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Bah, nobody appreciates a good bit of sountrack dissonance anymore.  It's really one of my favorite techniques - accentuating the impact of a scene by subverting the audience's expectations of how the music directs the mood.That went well beyond any sound track dissonance.  A punk rock song at the end of a program set in a middle ages society is just about being too cute for their own good.  Are they going to start playing Beyonce tunes during the show too?
195	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-15	I'd probably say a 9. Loved the Small Council stuff in Kings Landing this week - the 'battle of the chairs' was brilliant. 
Also have to say I liked the Talisa scene with the Lannister boys. I was hoping they'd show them after they mentioned it at Riverrun. Looks like Robb will be swinging his sword soon then.
Jaime's hand scene was brilliantly done. That moment of shock before his scream was chilling - poor old Jaime.
I also loved the conversation between Brienne and Jaime on the horse which was straight out of the book. Hopefully Locke suffers the same way Vargo did although I doubt it'll be the same.
196	Er Rn	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8. 
Loved it. Such a big improvement over last week. Would've rated higher but didn't care for the Stannis scene.
197	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	That went well beyond any sound track dissonance.  A punk rock song at the end of a program set in a middle ages society is just about being too cute for their own good.  Are they going to start playing Beyonce tunes during the show too?Is Beyonce going to do a cover of The Dornishman's Wife?No?Then of course not.  Don't make the absurd argument that, because they chose to use a punk cover of a ASOIAF song over the end credits of one episode, it necessarily means they're going to start using completely unrelated modern pop music as the soundtrack to the show from here on out.Look, if they stick in a scene with a conversation between Sansa and Margaery set to "Single Ladies" then I'll admit you were 100% correct, but that ain't happening.
198	Mr Hodor	2013-04-15	first ooomph moment of the season.... has to be 9
199	Tywin's Honour	2013-04-15	A good solid 9/10. No real weakness to the episode.
 - Blackfish seems to be perfect casting. Exactly as I envisioned him. Edmure was played well, but slightly more of a doofus than I had imagined.
 - The banter between Dany, the slavers, Mormont, and Barristan was adequately executed, I felt. Missandei, although significantly aged up, plays the demure, innocent 'child' with some ability.
- The small council meeting was... odd. I was under the impression that there was going to be some particular reason for having Tywin standing there waiting for everyone to arrive, as well as the arrangement of chairs, but no. There wasn't.
- I actually didn't mind the loss of Pod's innocence scene as some others have. I've come to expect a moment of comedic respite in all the episodes, and this was it.
- I'm a bit unsure as to the overall purpose of the horse heads arrangement in the wildling arc. On first impression, it appears to be waste of time by the Others to put so much effort into such an intricate warning, when the wildlings are already terrified.  Despite not having much information about the Others in the books, I sincerely doubt that they would do such a thing. Perhaps just a dramatic piece.
- Thoros of Myr does indeed to be an amalgamation of Tom 'O Sevens, etc. I like.
- Horny Stannis was amazeballs! And the looks Mel gave him after the "I want you" was hilarious. Dashing his hopes like a love-struck teenager.
200	Lady Octarina	2013-04-15	9/10 
I loved everything, especially the Jaime scenes, and the Stannis/Melisandre one. The one problem I had would be the excessive screen-time to characters I don't care about, but I acknowledge it was necessary for the story, so...
201	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I think I'll give it a 9. Faster pace and big moments making it better than my rating for ep1, which I gave an 8.
However, l can't give it a 10 like I did ep2, for the same reasons as ep1; character assassination. This time Stannis instead of LF.
202	boojam	2013-04-15	That went well beyond any sound track dissonance.  A punk rock song at the end of a program set in a middle ages society is just about being too cute for their own good.  Are they going to start playing Beyonce tunes during the show too?It reminded me of Ladyhawke (1985), a similar fantasy setting , with a clever story , a good movie. one of the few of it's type.But with that jarring god-awful rock score needs to be redone ruins the atmosphere.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 15 April 2013 - 09:50 AM.
203	Olympia	2013-04-15	9/10
I laughed thanks to the new golden trio (Bronn, Tyrion, and Pod)
I cried thanks to the Cat/Blackfish scene and when Arya and Gendry said goodbye to Hot Pie.
I screamed like Jamie Lannister
and I danced to the tune of The Bear and the Maiden Fair
204	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-15	10/10
Bloody incredible and SO FUNNY. Easily the funniest episode to date.
205	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	7 for me. I was expecting Slayer, didn't happen. Didn't particularly like clingy Stannis, that just felt wrong and weak. Jaime's hand: where were the arterial spurts? That was so fake is was cheesy, moar blood in those situations please. Dumb whore scene with Pod, merely an interlude, and a waste of time, purely to get some female nudity on screen as we've been a bit light on nakedness this season. Breasts and vaginas on screen for no other reason than to have breasts and vaginas on screen is pathetic. Pod ogling Ros' cleavage was perfect.
Riverrun was near perfect. Other than the lack of blood, Brienne and Jaime were great. Arya scenes were brilliant. Loved the bits with the hound, loved the parting with Hot Pie. Pretty good at Craster's keep. I hope Sam gets his moment next episode. Astapor was great, can't really fault anything there.
Was almost an 8 but just a few too many negatives.
206	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-15	Lol. There really is no point watching if you're gonna get butthurt enough to take 3 points off over something like that. Good Lord.The end credits music is supposed to keep you thinking about the episode, not desperately trying to forget it.
207	jhodes	2013-04-15	Gave it a, "4"  disappointed.  Weakest of the season so far IMO and the worst episode in a while . .   one of the worst ones ever.  JMOFinally someone who agrees with me. The whole episode seemed pointless to me.1- The weird council meeting: although Tyrion's scene with the chair was funny, the staring and the silence was ridiculous.2- The Pod scene (even a little funny, the 3rd book has a zillion characters and things to explore, so why waste our time with things like that?)3- Where the hell is Melisandre going? And she pointing out the lack of fire in Stannis.. creep.4- The 3min scenes like: Arya saying goodbye to Hot Pie, the Jon Snow scene with Mance, etc., aren't giving us much information and just wasting precious time (I think).5- The song in the credits didn't make sense.
208	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	Good, solid episode. Gave it an 8.
Loved the scenes in Riverrun, the moment Arya, Gendry and Hotpie had was touching, and the ending was pretty well done in terms of shock value.
Didn't like the scenes involving Pod's reward, and the fact that Stannis is becoming moody, creepy and jealous, and the silent scene with the small council was just silly.
209	victim	2013-04-15	9. I thought it was an above average episode (average being 8 for Game of Thrones). It could have done with a bit less moving around, only one scene with characters like Jon, Sam, Arya, Cersei and Dany. That's my biggest complaint.Things I liked: - Best writing and acting for Richard Madden in a long, long time. - A Game of Chairs.- Kraznys- "You little Bastard."- Winterhell
210	SeventySeven	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8, but it was nearly a 9. The problem I have with voting episodes as I watch them, is that I always change my mind after watching the whole series and compare each episode overall, so end up being much tighter in my initial voting. But anyway.I thought it was great, pretty much all of it. The parts that stand out the most were Jaime/Brienne, which I'll get to later, Dany (I'm dying for her story in the next episode!), Theon, and the little snippet of Arya- who needs more screen time asap, it's not enough so far. The things I disliked was the Talisa scene, because as much as I try I just don't care and I find her screen time wasted time, and Jon's sloooow moving storyline. I'm unsure about Pod The Stud; while I understand they need to establish his attachment to Tyrion because at some point it will matter, it went on for too long. And I'm not squeamish about nudity, I just wish it didn't take that much time as it doesn't advance the plot.I loved the ending. While reading SoS those Jaime's chapters were always filled with so much dread but were slightly surreal at the same time, and I felt the scenes on the show completely captured that feeling. One minute Jaime thinks he's manipulating everyone, the next he's handless. Forever. The song was very fitting, too. Like I said, it added to the chaotic/surreal/bleak feel to it. And Jaime/Brienne have by far one of the best dynamics of all.ETA: I still don't understand the point of separating Jon and Ghost.
					
					
							Edited by Door, 15 April 2013 - 08:49 AM.
211	Serr Parker	2013-04-15	7, was an 8 till that end. Just don't understand why at all
212	WinterWarrior	2013-04-15	I gave it a 9, I thought it was excellent and certainly the best of the season so far. I loved the Dany scenes and the "we are not men" response to Valar Morghulis. I also liked the way she put Mormont and Selmy in their places about disagreeing with her in front of others. Can't wait to see Dacharys!
I do not know where the Theon story is going, but it certainly is different from the books. I guess they want to keep him front and center for the viewers. And Millesandre's story - it looks like she will end up with the Brotherhood and that Gendry will take Edric Storm's place. I wonder how that will play out with Arya since her brother is a king she has king's blood too. But if the Hound takes her first then she will be gone.....
I am usually not a fan of scenes added that are not in the book, but I loved the Pod sequences, I could even stand Roz for a few seconds because it was about Pod. I really like his character.
All in all, a great episode. I will watch it a few more times this week I am sure!
213	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-15	I gave it a 6.  Not too sure why since I liked a lot of it.  But it is just so chopped up now.  No need for the Stannis scene.  Would rather have had more Jon or Arya.  I felt it was the weakest out of all three so far.  I did like the Podrick scene with the whore who is great at untying Mereneese knots!!  That cracked me up.  Loved the uncomfortable flaming arrow scene in the beginning.  Do not know why they didn't just make everyone assume Theon killed Bran and Rickon.  Dany's scene was awesome with the slaver constantly calling her names.  Love that.  Jaime helping Brienne was great too.  Love Brienne and the woman playing her is superb.  The hand scene at the end was good too.  Is the guy who did the deed Vargo Hoat?  Or is he just not in it?  Liked the setup for the Karstark incident with the Lannister prisoners.  Loved the chair moving scene.  Very funny that Tyrion makes himself the head of the table.  Still, I guess I should give it an 8 but I gave it a 6.  Felt really rushed to me.  Wanted more Arya/Hound scenes.  Really need more Arya time.  Next week should be nonstop action.
The song at the end confused me until I realized it was the Bear and the Maiden Fair that the Brotherhood was singing but all punked out.  Then it became awesome and I need to download it ASAP.
					
					
							Edited by A Redeemed Hound, 15 April 2013 - 09:07 AM.
214	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-15	ETA: I still don't understand the point of separating Jon and Ghost.Ghost was always a wanderer and I am wondering if he will show Sam the dragon glass?  Or find it for him?  I do not remember if they found it or not last season.  If they did, where is it since it is going to be pretty important soon.  Or is Ghost going to help Sam and Gilly make it to the wall and then run away to help Jon Snow escape?  Not sure but I am okay with that change as long as it comes together in the end.
215	KineticMD	2013-04-15	Redeemed Hound - Locke (TV only character) is the man who cut Jaime's hand off. Vargo Hoat and the Bloody Mummers were axed from the show.
I gave the episode a 9. Pod's scene was played out too long and the episode as a whole felt a little too fast-paced. Everything else was brilliant though, and this is probably one of my top 3 favorite episodes in the series so far. Dany's maturation into a leader (complete with her flaws) is being handled almost perfectly, in my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by KineticMD, 15 April 2013 - 09:09 AM.
216	KineticMD	2013-04-15	Ghost was always a wanderer and I am wondering if he will show Sam the dragon glass?  Or find it for him?  I do not remember if they found it or not last season.  If they did, where is it since it is going to be pretty important soon.  Or is Ghost going to help Sam and Gilly make it to the wall and then run away to help Jon Snow escape?  Not sure but I am okay with that change as long as it comes together in the end.They found the obsidian last season. I'm not sure what Jon, Sam, Edd, and Grenn did with it though.
217	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-15	Funny how i loved King's Landing scenes and got bored by Dany's in the book and now season 3 is so bad i actually have a reversed reaction. Kraznys cutting off unsullied nipples is a welcome relief after the bullshit in westeros. Gave it a 4, only scenes i enjoyed were Dany and BWB. Also i generally like the new cast, but the guy who plays Edmure doesnt convince me at all, hope he gets better.
218	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-15	A lot of people seem to hate the Podrick scene with the whores but I loved it because I love Pod.  It was funny and a nice break from all of the serious tones.  Remember, the books have a ton of dark humor in them and the show needs to add that in in order to make it special.  Podrick is an ass kicker.  I want a show that is Tyrion/Pod/Bronn just traveling around and getting into and out of trouble.
Also people do not like the scene with Jeyne Westerling (I will never call her Talissa) but it is important to set up the seriousness of Karstark's scene next week (if the deed is done next week).
219	Abaddon	2013-04-15	I gave it a 10, as always I'd give it an extra few digits if I could for the rage it's inspired from a few people on here.I gave it a 12 but because of the horrible end credit music I had to subtract negative two and ended up at a 14.
220	BlackTalon	2013-04-15	I gave it a 9.
No doubt the best episode of the series so far. Very very little I didn't like ... Blackfish treating Edmure rudely in front of his men and family for one thing. Other than that I really enjoyed it.
I loled at the Meereneese Knot! Great wink at the book readers and Martin, especially.
221	zeus	2013-04-15	loved seeing riverrun and the tullys
loved how ramsay is starting to kinda playing games with theon. 
loved how they did the jaime hand scene. 
wasnt a fan of the bear and the maiden fair song at the end of it. just didnt think it suited the mood/scene of a main character getting their arm taken off.
hate the way they are starting to portray stannis the mannis.
222	Abaddon	2013-04-15	I gave it a very solid "9".  I wouldn't say there was anything in particular I disliked just a few minor notes here and there that felt just a little bit off.  (For reference, I rated Ep1 an 8.5 (8) and Ep2 a 7.5 (7)).
LOVED the ending and the end credit music.  Although I can definitely understand this is something that is going to be love or hate with really no middle ground to speak of.  I have some further thoughts on that but I will probably save it for the review thread.
223	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	7.
I'm extremely disappointed with the scenes North of the wall.  The NW guys don't even seem anywhere near that desperate and the Mance scenes are soooo meh.  They really aren't creating a sense of urgency to me as a viewer.  When I read the books I felt like freakin white walkers were chasing ME!  These guys are just strolling around.  How about some panic?????  Maybe some guys getting picked off by wights, anything.
As far as Mance, everything seems so rushed.  The scene was so short, the story of his host and Mance's coloful history and personality is all but lost by this point.
The only thing I like is that we're obviously closing in on the wildlings south of the wall, which has so much potential. 
I"m digging Dany, KL, Blackfish, Cat, Brotherhood/Arya/Hound.  I love Theon's arc but I find the hunt scene very curious.  Why the hell are they having him kill Boltons?
224	insertname	2013-04-15	I gave it a 7, but that seems to be more my mood while watching it. I'd up it to an 8, but I can understand the 9s and 10s too. There was almost nothing you could objectively call badly done, it's down to personal opinion.
Negatives:
-The credit song either worked or didn't work, judging from comments here. Some loved it, some hated it. Unfortunately I'm in the second camp, it just pulled me out. I also thought Jaime losing his hand seemed fake but that may be in the connectiong with the cut to the song.
-Stannis saying "I want you" seemed off to me, didn't particularly like the scene, but it's ok.
-The Pod scene was good, but it felt like it could have been done a lot quicker....
Neutral:
-Jon's scenes did nothing for me and I find the others making artwork of corpses a bit weird tbh...I just can't imagine it.
-Show LF being Show LF
-I liked the silent exchanges during the chair dragging, but at the same time it felt a bit goofy to me - I felt the silence was too long.
Positive:
"She can do a Meereneese Knot" - Hah!
Craster licking his lips at Sam - Just great
I REALLY liked seeing how Jaime respects Brienne more and more and doesn't want her hurt - great acting from Nikolaj
Dany scenes were great too
Arya's goodbye from hot Pie - AWWWW /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Catelyn's scene with Blackfish was amazing - I don't always like what they do with Catelyn, but this was good, and awesome acting from Michelle
Theon's scenes were great too, Alfie Allen is still one of my favourite actors on this show, and he doesn't disappoint. Can't wait for the Ramsay reveal (And chuckled at the "you little bastard)
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 15 April 2013 - 09:40 AM.
225	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-15	7.
Would've been more if not for the pointless brothel scene(s) 'cos I did like a fair bit of scenes. The flow was also kind of all over the place.
226	The Fourth Head	2013-04-15	Superb episode- easily the best so far this series. I gave it a 9.I agree with most comments, and once again, the the set design and cinematic settings were breathtakingly beautiful. The Tully woodcarving ornamentation, Tyrion's quarters, the Astapori coastine, all were good enough to distract me during 53 minutes of compelling storying.I would have given it a 10, but the end credit's don't work for me. I understand why they did it. They were probably feeling self conscious writing a mainstream show featuring themes of female rape, male rape, cannibalism, torture and butchery of both horse and man, and felt viewers needed a breath of relief at the end, but for me it was a step too far. I thoroughly appreciate cognitive dissonance when it's done right, but inappropriate levity is one thing, anachronistic, inapproprate levity is a big WFT in my view. Its too far a step to feel the connection. A light joyous rendition with laughter may not have relieved the horror, but it would have added to the ending rather than severing it off... (which was perhaps the point! but still, it doesn't work.)As for the Stannis scene, and people calling it "character assasination" all I'll say is that the good scenes don't wash out the bad, nor the bad the good. TV fans are hardly likely to forget the strong sense of justice and entitlement that he portrayed to Davos in season 2. I didn't like the line "I want you" as it made him seem weaker than he is portrayed in the books, true, but taking the scene as a whole, it hit all the notes as his motives were clearly about more than mere lust. As we don't have a Stannis POV in the books, we perhaps don't fully appreciate how such a rigid man can be unfaithful to his wife, and the simple explanation is that the priestess of the lord of light has seduced Stannis by merging sex and power as one. That emphasis was lost on me in the books due to the "eyes" of the people we see her through, none of which have a burning desire to be king, making her sexual wiles nothing more than that.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 15 April 2013 - 09:50 AM.
227	boojam	2013-04-15	ETA: I still don't understand the point of separating Jon and Ghost.I think they have handled , in this short burst fragmentary story telling style, the Wildings stuff is done well enough.But somewhere the NW, Ghost, 'Fist'... has jumped the tracks, as if they shot a lot of story and it went on the cutting room floor.NW are back in NI next week maybe they will tell that part of the story with coherence?
228	boojam	2013-04-15	The end credits music is supposed to keep you thinking about the episode, not desperately trying to forget it.Well I am desperately trying to forget the end credits (music)....the episode was fine.
229	boojam	2013-04-15	They found the obsidian last season. I'm not sure what Jon, Sam, Edd, and Grenn did with it though.I keep wondering that my self. Seems in the book, maybe?, Sam keep it, or some of it.In the show it's god-knows-where.
230	Juli Cachet	2013-04-15	I gave it a 9. Overall loved it, but I didn't like the scenes beyond the Wall much.
231	Songlian	2013-04-15	10/10. Simply amazing.
I swear, Tobias Menzies must be the most talented underrated actor to ever walk this Earth. And I love, love everything about the BWB, particularly Thoros, who got Mormont-ed, meaning he's far more attractive in the movie than he was supposed to be!!!
But really, just flawless execution of everything in this episode. /sniff Jaime.
232	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-15	I gave it a 9 - it's my favourite so far.
Loved:
- Hot Pie's goodbye, it was so sweet. Loved 'Winterhell', 'Don't get stabbed', 'Don't... burn your fingers'.
- I liked everthing at Riverrun, I even liked Talisa and I don't normally like her scenes
- Theon's escapade is... lets just say I like where it's heading at the moment/?
- loved Dany - which is good because I didn't last season
- Jaime's hand! how cool was that
- Bear and the maiden fair - glad we got to hear that song
Didn't think much of:
- Jon and the fist - which is sad because he is my favourite character and Ilove Mance and tormund in the books - but not here
- Sam at Crasters - I liked parts but not all... not sure why though- maybe because i was expecting more to happen...?
- Tyrion, I liked the musical chairs, loved the facial expressions etc of everyone there lol. I thought it was funny that Pod was getting some action but thought that scene was too long and a little pointless.
Hated:
- Stannis - just because I think the story line will get over complicated with where it looks like it is going. I did like his facial expression though
I don't think I missed anyone did I?
233	King Tyrion I	2013-04-15	I gave it a 9.
That version of "The Bear and the Maiden fair" didn't appeal to me much. They should have taken the one by Irish Moutarde.
Positive:
- the meeting of the small council and later the Podrick scene
- the BwB and Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie
- the scenes in Riverrun (esp. the Blackfish)
234	Weeping Sore	2013-04-15	8.5
Agree that the Stannis scene was jarring, but I think we're just seeing a Stannis low-point. It's an arc. We're going to see him climb out of it.
Pod scene. Sorry, waste of time. Is anybody watching just marking time through all the plot points waiting for boobs?
Love the chairs.
Strong Dany scene- not as rushed as episode 1-Astapor looks awesome- a big step up from Qarth last season.
Boy does Craster have it coming. Great scene.
Quite pleased with Locke & company- can't wait to see events at Harrenhal, likewise the further adventures of Theon & the Bastard.
Over too fast! What happened to this year's episodes being ten minutes longer?
235	WhiteGuts	2013-04-15	Well I thought this episode was very underwhelming. Maybe it has to do with the goddamn whores scenes, but not only. Most scenes were actually weak. Except Dany's, Robb's and Jaime/Brienne, I didn't like any.
236	David Selig	2013-04-15	Great episode 9/10. I am taking away 1 point because LF is still a complete joke and Gillen overacts horribly, plus the" Pod and the whores" story took way too much screentime even it was somewhat funny in a silly way.
 Dany's plotline is way better this season, everything is spot on. Michelle Fairley was amazing as usual, The Blackfish was impressive, they gave just two lines to jon Snow to minimilise Kit's clueless acting, visually the episode was really impressive (Riverrun, the "art" of the Others, etc).
237	rystine	2013-04-15	9/10, barely.  Slightly better than last week.
The only thing I didn't really like was the extended adventures of Pod.  It was funny and all, but it just felt out of place, particularly Tyrion introducing all of the girls.
I also am starting to wonder if Theon's story might stretch too thin, but I won't criticize it too harshly yet.
I prefer show Locke to Vargo Hoat.  Simplifying the whole background of Jaime's captors is simply more efficient storytelling and it loses none of the impact, IMO.
Finally seeing Tywin interacting with the small council was great.  Unlike everyone else who we've seen "in charge" of the small council throughout the show (Ned, Robert, Cersei, Tyrion), there is NO DOUBT that Tywin is running things now.
Farewell Hot Pie, I wish we had more scenes with the BwB.  I like pretty much everyone that's part of this storyline, especially the BwB themselves (Thoros and Anguy).
Blackfish is appropriately awesome and Michelle Fairley may just be the best actress on the show.
238	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Great episode 9/10. I am taking away 1 point because LF is still a complete joke and Gillen overacts horribly, plus the" Pod and the whores" story took way too much screentime even it was somewhat funny in a silly way.Dany's plotline is way better this season, everything is spot on. Michelle Fairley was amazing as usual, The Blackfish was impressive, they gave just two lines to jon Snow to minimilise Kit's clueless acting, visually the episode was really impressive (Riverrun, the "art" of the Others, etc).What are they going to do with Kit whe he has to do more than try to look angsty?  He has to actually deliver a lot of dialogue once Stannis and Mel get to the wall, how are they going to work around this?I have to say, my expectations of Season 3 were obviously too high after hearing that this was the season the producers  had been waiting for.  I'm not seeing it.
239	darksellsword	2013-04-15	i Gave it 10/10 . Im not one to overly praise episodes of the show but this was as close to perfect as the show makers can get.
The screenplay was both well thought out and considered. The battle of chairs scene was hilarious . POD losing his virginity
was funny and a nice way of showing the bond growing between Tyrion and his squire. The Riverun scene was stunning in terms
of location. Im Irish so i tend to take for granted my countrys natural beauty but that scenery would make anyone proud to live in
such a habitat the scene itself was very good . I enjoyed The black fish especially. The shows writers are really taking George
RR Martin to school showing him just how much he missed out on by not elaborating on Rob starks Charecter in respect to his strategies
and interactions with his commanders and troops. I can just keep listing off scene after scene and say excellent after each.
The watch your head scene with the dog , Funny!!! . Theon being chased on horse was amongst the best action sequences so far.
I disagree with everyone that thought the horny stannis with mellisandre scene was bad. In the books they are very intimate very
sensual dialouge between those two , added to that they cast a very attractive woman as the red priestess so i guess they didnt
want to have stannis appear too much of a jesuit as he might if they had of gone with what was in the books between them.
I did see fall out from earlier deviations with Jaime lannisters Charecter  from the novels to how they portray him on the show.
Jaime is not a bad person!!!. He pushed Bran out the window because he had to. It was either Bran who would die or cersei and
his own children even Eddard stark understood that. In the show he killed Alton Lannister he didnt in the books the reason i bring it up is that
people are viewing his hand being chopped off as being a villian getting what he deserved. I feel that is a real shame and
taints the complexity of Jaime Lannister.He saved Brienne from being gang raped because he is good at heart.
Gwendoline Christies acting is in this episode in particular was outstanding. Daenerys scenes were my favourite.
The chemistry between Barristan the bold ( Ian McElhinney)  Emilia Clarke (Daenerys) Iain Glen (Jorah) is fantastic
and makes me very optimistic about the future of the show. The whole idea of Danys Charecter is a journey from
being sold as essentially a slave by her brother who made all of her decisions for her to learning to Think for herself
and believe she has what it takes to rule the world so people who say Emilia clarke isnt a very good actress you
must be watching a different show because shes portrayed this role with perfection. The Ironic thing about the
punk version of The bear and the maiden fair on the end credits is that it was most likely an attempt to share
the significance of the song for ASOIAF readers to the people who have only watched the show.In my
opinion it wasnt a good idea , but a great episode.
					
					
							Edited by darksellsword, 15 April 2013 - 11:06 AM.
240	mafalda	2013-04-15	I also gave the episode a low rating.  I kept looking at the clock wanting it to be over, which never happens when watching GoT.  I think my opinion of it will change in hindsight, but with only the material so far, it didn't excite me at all. This episode will probably be infinitely better when it's viewed as part of a whole, but as a standalone, didn't work for me.I kind of understand. There have been some scenes where I find myself doing something else or wondering when it will be over. Not really an entire episode though. Maybe it will be better for you next week! It should be a very exciting episode, the title says it all!
241	Ser Luke.	2013-04-15	I'll give it an 8.5/10. 
I LOVED most of the episode, but Theon's second scene with Ramsay and "Pod Gets Lucky" brought the episode down a fair bit.
242	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8 but I'm a tough grader. I almost  gave it a 9 just because of Craster's laugh. Seriously how awesome was that laugh?
The Pod scene is a great scene. It's well acted and humorous,and asks the viewer why this thing may have happened - adding layers to the complexity and subtlety of the KL plot and the game of thrones. People complaining about...I guess I don't understand. It's a great scene, and not at all a "Waste of time."
243	Winterfellian	2013-04-15	8.5/10- Overall a good episode but there where some mistepsThe best:Riverrrun- Michelle Fairley breaks my heart and I love how they manage the concept of Cat being strong for others after Cat's "character assesination moment" last week. The Blackfish is awesome. I like how they manage to merge the plots of Edmure's mistep and with the Lannister hostages, which was a concerned for me last season.Theon- Alfie Allen is great and I love that even though I read the books am still intrigued to where this is going. Plus the "you little bastard" line was awesome.Dany- Pretty faithful to the books. I like the "we are not men" line. After the disappoinitng last season am glad that I actully look forward to see what's going on with Dany.Arya and the BWB- Arya's pack is dissolving. Hot Pie and that "wolf" shaped bread /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />.NeutralJaime and his hand- Not epic enough in my book, plus for me the fact that Brienne defeated him so easily last episode to later mock him for it in this one doesn't really convey the non book readers how much of a prodigy with the sword Jaime was and what the loss of his hand truly means for him. Other than that the scene was fine.NW at Craster's- Fine scene. Not much to complain, only that I would have like some more despair like the sick and the wounded who arrived only to die there. Craster licking his lips after saying that Sam was good for eating was priceless.Stannis-  While I do appreciate how defeated he looks he also appears like a whining prick. Stannis isn't my favorite but he's more complex than this. Otherwise, am interested in Mel's coming and goings. I wasn't very sold on this aspect but it looks promising.Worst-LF- But what else is new? Plus I totally hate the cheap ways they try to come up in order to introduce Ros into a scene. They made something as pedestrian as passing a few books into a prolongued boring scene for the benefit of what? Ros's cleavage?Tyrion, Pod and the whores- There was some humour in it but definetely not enough to compensate what is otherwise an overly long, pointless and boring scene that swallows more important information like that of the Bank of BravossJon and the wildings- The only good thing I can say is that thank god it was short. This storyline and Kit Harington's acting get closer and closer to a parody with every passing episode.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfellian, 15 April 2013 - 11:55 AM.
244	Titan	2013-04-15	I gave this episode an '8' - a high 8, the best of the season. (My previous grades: 3x01: 8, 3x02: 7)
Overall I really appreciate the comedy bits (all really funny), juxtapositioned with disturbing elements. Also, I was VERY impressed by the first directorial effort by our show-runners.
Best bits:
+ Initial funeral scene
+ Musical chairs at the council meeting /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
+ Pod escapades /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
+ Mance's "ever the artists"
+ Dany stuff
+ Hot Pie goodbye - surprisingly poignant (and funny)
+ hand cutting well done
Worst bits:
- Why no exterior view of Riverrun? I missed that.
- I did not care for the end credits music
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 15 April 2013 - 11:53 AM.
245	mafalda	2013-04-15	I gave this episode an '8' - a high 8, the best of the season. (My previous grades: 3x01: 8, 3x02: 7)Overall I really appreciate the comedy bits (all really funny), juxtapositioned with disturbing elements. Also, I was VERY impressed by the first directorial effort by our show-runners.Best bits:+ Initial funeral scene+ Musical chairs at the council meeting /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />+ Pod escapades /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />+ Mance's "ever the artists"+ Dany stuff+ Hot Pie goodbye - surprisingly poignant (and funny)+ hand cutting well doneWorst bits:- Why no exterior view of Riverrun? I missed that.- I did not care for the end credits musicI know! The closest we got was Riverrun in the opening credits, which was still cool though. Maybe next week we can get an exterior shot of the castle!
246	Nudu	2013-04-15	It was per-fect. The Bear and the Maiden Fair.
247	podrick_payne45	2013-04-15	Id give it a 10. Best one so far this season.
248	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	I think that D&D are doing a really good job of collapsing the story while getting the flock of characters through the right gates at the right times.  Every season is a Meereenese Knot for them.
Do I think it is different, yes. However, I still think it is excellent and I am learning a lot about the the differences between TV and book story telling from this adaptation. 
I rated this episode a 7, not because I didn't like it but because I am looking forward to even better episodes later! I need a range at the top /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
249	The Monkey	2013-04-15	9/10.
Loved everything except for three things:
1. The music at the end was completely out of place considering the mood of the final scene, but maybe it will improve on additional viewings.
2. The Pod scenes with the whores were a complete waste of time. Cheapest humour on the show so far.
3. Ser Barristan's beer gut.
250	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	1. The music at the end was completely out of place considering the mood of the final scene, but maybe it will improve on additional viewings.The whole point is that it's completely out of place for the mood. Do you think your keen detection skills picked up something HBO missed like wearing a pair of socks that don't really go with your shoes?
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 15 April 2013 - 12:16 PM.
251	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-15	9/10.Loved everything except for three things:1. The music at the end was completely out of place considering the mood of the final scene, but maybe it will improve on additional viewings.2. The Pod scenes with the whores were a complete waste of time. Cheapest humour on the show so far.3. Ser Barristan's beer gut.1.  I've watched it twice.  The music does not get better.2.  Disagree.  Tyrion repaid his debt to Pod and the reaction when Pod returns the bag of coins, is priceless.3.  It's the aging process.
252	The Monkey	2013-04-15	The whole point is that it's completely out of place for the mood. Do you think your keen detection skills picked up something HBO missed like wearing a pair of socks that don't really go with your shoes?By that logic television producers can't ever make a bad scene as their "detection skills" are always superior to the viewers'.
253	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-15	8/10What I liked:Dany's scenes - particularly "He was not the Last Dragon".Catelyn and the BlackfishJaime and Brienne scenesThe small council meetingArya's sceneWhat I didn't like:The wasted time with characters dragging chairs... For all D&D's talk of "time constraints", it would appear that there is plenty of extra room within episodes...Hoster's funeral was handled pretty badly. Brynden was respectful and sympathetic to Edmure in the books; why was that changed?The Tyrion and Pod whorehouse scene. Ugh. I feel sorry for Peter Dinklage - he's been given some of the worst scenes of the entire show so far this season, just so that he can appear in the episode. The scene with the prostitutes and the fact that they didn't take Tyrion's money just makes me feel ill. Again I'm reminded of the "time constraints" excuse...Stannis and Melisandre... AWFUL writing. Not only did Stannis feel like a different character, but Melisandre felt completely... normal. It was hard to remember that she's a fire priestess who casts shadowbabies and is probably hundreds of years old.The episode was quite good overall. Without the Dany scenes it would have been awful though. She's the driving force of the show at the moment IMO.
254	Loras	2013-04-15	I gave the episode a 9/10.
The positives:
- Riverrun:  Just a series of wonderful scenes, I really enjoyed them all.  I also wish that there was an establishing shot of Riverrun.  Michelle Fairley is just wonderful!  I also really enjoyed Edmure.  (Though I did glimpse Riverrun behind Edmure in the opening scene).
- The Theon chase was beautifully shot.  
- Musical chairs was brilliant.
The negatives:
- Pod and the whores.  The Meereenese knot was particularly creepy looking.  
- Aiden Gillen continues to disappoint.
- Repition in the dialogue: twat, 'the world' as opposed to seven kingdoms etc.
255	Sun	2013-04-15	Gave it a 7. On the whole a good enough episode, nothing to write home about either way. The hand amputation scene didn't measure up, imo, but then again my non-readers were genuinely shocked by it, so... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
Visually, not as beautiful as we've come to expect from GOT, but the Theon chase scene was well done. Well paced, well blocked, and well edited. David Benioff gets kudos for the best action scene in the season so far. 
Best scenes:
Catelyn at the window talking about Bran and Rickon. I wept with her and for her. She's a wonderful actress, but in that scene she was nothing short of brilliant. She better win an Emmy this season. 
The chairs. Such a lovely scene and not a word is uttered. 
Meh scenes:
True, the whores were pointless, but they the scene did give us a laugh or two, mainly thanks to Dinklage. 
Dany in Essos. Emilia is so bloody wooden, her face and voice so exp<b></b>ressionless that I can't watch her without yawning. I can not connect to her at all. 
Worst:
Ending credits music: my reaction to it was WTF, and mute.
ETA:
I might have to add Sir Barristan to my list of worst actors on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 12:44 PM.
256	shiola	2013-04-15	9.  It was incredible.  Only complaint was the scene with Pod, but that was so short it hardly mattered.  That added scene where Hot Pie makes the wolf for Arya absolutely did me in.  It was so sad and lovely.
ETA:  I forgot about Stannis' scene because we only saw him once this episode.  Knocking it down to an 8.5 for that, because what the fuck?  But I'll keep my vote on 9 as I round up.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 15 April 2013 - 12:48 PM.
257	MysteryNinja	2013-04-15	I gave it an 8, like I did for ep 2. I still consider it not yet awesome enough to go all the way to the 9's or 10's, though this was a good step up to it.
Some interesting scenes, and that last image certainly was a showstopper (in an icky way).
What stuck most in my mind: Arya and her weird cake gift from Hot Pie; Theon being hunted and Boy being mysterious; the "Mereenese knot" being mentioned (I heard that right, right?), Jaime...
258	polarbear	2013-04-15	Worst-LF- But what else is new? Plus I totally hate the cheap ways they try to come up in order to introduce Ros into a scene. They made something as pedestrian as passing a few books into a prolongued boring scene for the benefit of what? Ros's cleavage?Tyrion, Pod and the whores- There was some humour in it but definetely not enough to compensate what is otherwise an overly long, pointless and boring scene that swallows more important information like that of the Bank of BravossA significant portion of the tv audience tunes in every week specifically for a few minutes of Ros-boobs and Tyrion/Bronn japery. Characters and their relationships to each other is what captivates audiences; not hints of economics and finance based stroylines that wont pay off for another three seasons. (get it...pay off /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
259	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-15	I know! The closest we got was Riverrun in the opening credits, which was still cool though. Maybe next week we can get an exterior shot of the castle!Look closely in the background when Edmure is firing the arrows, you can see it reasonably clearly.
260	Petyr Stone	2013-04-15	I gave this episode an '8' - a high 8, the best of the season. (My previous grades: 3x01: 8, 3x02: 7)Overall I really appreciate the comedy bits (all really funny), juxtapositioned with disturbing elements. Also, I was VERY impressed by the first directorial effort by our show-runners.Best bits:+ Initial funeral scene+ Musical chairs at the council meeting /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />+ Pod escapades /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />+ Mance's "ever the artists"+ Dany stuff+ Hot Pie goodbye - surprisingly poignant (and funny)+ hand cutting well doneWorst bits:- Why no exterior view of Riverrun? I missed that.- I did not care for the end credits musicYou get to see it at Hoster's funeral, even though it's only in the background and mostly out of focus.
261	bluemoon	2013-04-15	10    Fantastic episode,loved Blackfish not even watching his arrow land.
262	pleonasm	2013-04-15	I thought it was the strongest episode of the season by far. I'm still not a fan of where Benioff and Weiss are spending alot of their time -- Theon's storyline or Pod's sexcapades are just eating up far too much screentime which could be served in developing some of the main characters (Danny, Jon, the Stark kids, etc...), but this was a vast improvement over the last 2 episodes.
I did like the Game of Chairs. It was actually a pretty funny and subtle character development scene.
I loved the Theon horse chase sequence as well, an exceptionally well crafted if not necessary scene - although it was a nod to Ramsey's love of hunting people. Although it retrospect, I'm not sure I'm liking their take on Ramsey. I would have preferred a much colder sociopath than this warm and cuddly mind fucker they have presented so far. And I didn't like the ending with Ramsey killing his own men. This is such tired trope in television and film. People just don't kill their own minions! Otherwise, you will never be able to have your own minions!!
I loved the casting of the Blackfish, just wish he and Edmure had been introduced much earlier in the series (late Season 1 or early Season 2).
I even liked a Talisa scene - which is the first that has ever happened!
I'd give the episode a solid 7.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 15 April 2013 - 01:20 PM.
263	shiola	2013-04-15	I just finished the episode. 
I loved:
- The scene with Hot Pie, Arya, and Gendry.  The wolf bread was so sweet.  It made me want to cry.
- Dany's scenes were very good.  Soooo much better than last season.  Jorah is being so sassy to Barristan and I love it.  And Jorah is so fine.
- The bit where everyone was moving the chairs in the council room, but I think it went on too long
- Brienne and Jaime's dialogue.  Jaime's facial expressions when Brienne is about to get raped.  He seems so conflicted over saving her.
- Jaime's hand removal literally came out of nowhere
- Before Ramsay (aka "Boy", at this point he isn't revealed) kills the guy about to rape Theon, the guy says "You little bastard." Such an awesome tip to book readers, because WE know it's Roose's bastard.
- Michelle Fairley's acting is fucking phenomenal.
- I actually didn't mind Talisa's scene.
I didn't like:
- Stannis/Mel scene.  Mel's acting was very weird and not at all mystical or otherworldly like she has been before.
- Pod/Tyrion/Bronn scene.  I don't mind the added sex stuff usually but the stuff where Ros was giving him the books and then the scene of him in the brothel was just too long.  And in the end, the joke with him not having to pay the whores because he's just SO GOOD at sex?  It wasn't funny to me.
- Littlefinger's acting is just terrible.
- Mance Rayder continues to disappoint.
264	shiola	2013-04-15	And I didn't like the ending with Ramsey killing his own men. This is such tired trope in television and film. People just don't kill their own minions! Otherwise, you will never be able to have your own minions!!People normally don't, but Ramsay believably could.  He would kill his own minions just for the sake of his sick games.  That's what sets him apart.
265	Lyana	2013-04-15	Great episode! Voted 8 cause I keep the 9 and 10 for the best ones /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
266	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-15	Good episode overall. Loved some scenes, disliked some others, hated the credits.
the good:
-Dany vs. Master Karazek  - gotta love that nasty bald berk; I'm saddened that his untimely end is likely coming in the next episode. He should get his own shows or something where he gets to ridicule Dany for an hour straight. The translator was great as well. Dany's actress wasn't as wooden as usual this time around either, it seemed to me.
-Small Council meeting chair hilarity. I actually laughed out loud at Tyrion. Great acting all around.
-Aria-Hot Pie-Gantry farewell. Very touching scene. The misshapen wolf was cute.
-Brianne/Jamie dynamic. It seems he's taken a liking to her after all. Nice character development for Jamie over time, and more of that surely to come now that he's lost his main asset. The scream in the final scene wasn't very convincing though.
the bad:
-Pointless hooker scene again. Who's still wowed by T&A on TV? The Joffrey BDSM scene at least served a purpose, but this? Ditto poor Podrick.
-Talisa or whatshername. I don't care that she wasn't in the book, I just don't like the actress.
-Stannis played for a fool by Melisandre. Breaks my heart. He deserves better.
-Edmure being such a jerk-off. Was that in-line with the novel? He seemed quite capable to me in CoK, certainly not the laughing stock of Riverrun.
the ugly:
-Credits country music - totally killed the ending for me. Why not play Gangnam style instead, I'm sure that'd provoke even more WTF reactions if that was the intent.
267	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-04-15	Absolutely loved this episode.
We only got a snippet of Jon with the wildlings but I loved Mance's line something along the lines of "ever the artists" about the Others.
I thought the meanicing undertones of what's about to happen at Craster's keep was done very well.
I like what they're doing with Theon. Non-book readers are going to get smacked pretty hard in the face with Ramsey's level of cruelty and depravity when it dawns on them.
I really enyoed the Riverrun scenes. The Blackfish was great, I loved Robb's reaction to Edmure (played perfectly) and even liked Cat's scenes this episode.
The Jamie/Brienne scenes were excellent. Seeing Jamie's hand cut off was pretty harrowing, especially after he'd done his good deed to stop Brienne being raped. Steelshanks (I presume it's a character based on him) played that one brilliantly.
Really enjoyed the council meeting. There's so many great scenes like that in the books with lots of main charcters discussing what's going on and making decisions. Loved it.
I enjoyed Danearys toughening up and showing Barristan and Jorah who's boss and I loved the Barristan/Jorah dialogue which was lifted from the book.
Also..."Meerenese knot"!!! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
268	mafalda	2013-04-15	Look closely in the background when Edmure is firing the arrows, you can see it reasonably clearly.Thanks, Rabid! I will have to look for that next time I watch it!Also, I know this is really random, but does anyone know if Peter Dinklage has read the books? I know that Kit has, but I'm really curious about Peter.
269	protar	2013-04-15	Gave it an 8, a one up over the last two episodes. Aside from the last scene and Dany's scene there weren't really any super awesome stand out scenes, but unlike the last two episodes there weren't any I hated either. And I thought Pod the Pimp was funny even though it could have been a bit shorter.
ETA: Actually the Stannis scene wasn't too cool but other than that it was good.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 15 April 2013 - 02:09 PM.
270	Winterfellian	2013-04-15	Thanks, Rabid! I will have to look for that next time I watch it!Also, I know this is really random, but does anyone know if Peter Dinklage has read the books? I know that Kit has, but I'm really curious about Peter.He said he hasn't read them because he didn't want to know too much or something like that back at the emmy panel a few weeks ago.
271	Stark Winds	2013-04-15	The end credits. There to make the viewers go WTF enough to not die of heart attacks from the last scene. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> 
In all seriousness, I was expecting the hand-cutting to happen in this episode, but not for it happen...like that...so suddenly and disconcertingly...
Catelyn...no words other than "heartbreaking." 
I loved Daenerys's smirk when she was trading with Kraznys. You just know she's planning to have Drogon roast his face. Oh and the "oh it's we now?" from Jorah was hilarious. Also the "Rhaegar died' quote. Loved the way it was delivered. 
Ah Hot Pie. The only character I can think of off the top of my head leaving the show who doesn't die. 
Very high 8 for this episode.
272	Table8	2013-04-15	I gave it a 5 and explained why in an earlier post.  Just Watched it again.  Wtf was up with that scene btw Dany and Missandei?  
"valar morghulis". 
"yes all men must die.....but we are not men".
Soooooo women don't die?  ASOIAF is so appreciated by females because of the strong feminine characters.  But this quote is just heavy handed and dumb.  I'm surprised Dany didn't throw in a "girlfriend!" while the "I am woman, here me roar" song played in the background.  Sheesh....
					
					
							Edited by Ronrusso75, 15 April 2013 - 02:11 PM.
273	shiola	2013-04-15	I gave it a 5 and explained why in an earlier post.  Just Watched it again.  Wtf was up with that scene btw Dany and Missandei?  "valar morghulis"."yes all men must die.....but we are not men".Soooooo women don't die?  ASOIAF is so appreciated by females because of the strong feminine characters.  But this quote is just heavy handed and dumb.  I'm surprised Dany didn't throw in a "girlfriend!" while the "I am woman, here me roar" song played in the background.  Sheesh....What is this post even.The quote was there because it's a good soundbyte and it's a cool sounding quote for Dany.  She's underestimated for being a woman.  And she's highlighting that in saying  "all men must die", the men forget that women are there too and can be just as powerful.
274	Vendelin	2013-04-15	i dont know why is everyone complaining about the ending credits music
fuck, that rock/punk version of the bear and the maiden fair was the most awesome piece of music i heard in months!
if you didnt like it, well the episode ended right there, nobody told you to continue watching the ending credits, you could just turn it off
but i absolutely LOVED IT
					
					
							Edited by Vendelin, 15 April 2013 - 02:26 PM.
275	Table8	2013-04-15	What is this post even.The quote was there because it's a good soundbyte and it's a cool sounding quote for Dany.  She's underestimated for being a woman.  And she's highlighting that in saying  "all men must die", the men forget that women are there too and can be just as powerful.If a viewer can't see that Dany is a person to be taken seriously, regardless of her sex, then they should watch other shows.  Again, I'm saying the quote was HEAVY HANDED and silly.
276	Dark_Sister	2013-04-15	I thought maybe the quote was to show that Dany can understand what the merchant is saying, wasn't that in the books? Anyway, I don't see what's so wrong about it.
I gave the episode a 9, things are picking up and the episode was good, the Jaime/Brienne scenes were great and I wasn't bothered by the music, actually I laughed because I wasn't expecting it, they cut Jaime's hand and suddenly I'm listening to a punk/rock cover if The Bear and the Maiden fair, but I understand why other people didn't like it.
I loved the Arya scene, I didn't expect it to be so moving, but the wolf-bread got me, it was a very nice scene.
The Pod/Tyrion/Bronn scenes weren't bad, but IMO they were longer than necessary.
And I love the Blackfish, he is just like I imagined
					
					
							Edited by Dark_Sister, 15 April 2013 - 02:34 PM.
277	Table8	2013-04-15	i dont know why is everyone complaining about the ending credits musicfuck that rock/punk version of the bear and the maiden fair was the most awesome piece of music i heard in months!if you didnt like it, well the episode ended right there, nobody told you to continue watching the ending credits, you could just turn it offbut i absolutely LOVED IT. I think it really took away from the drama of the last scene.  If there was precedent to playing punk rock music at the end of shows, it probably wouldn't be so "jarring" to quote the first person who criticized the music.  But this music came out of nowhere and interrupted my processing of the moment.  I read the books and knew it was coming, but I wanted to see how they would pull it off on the series.  They nailed it, but then immediately the music came on and it totally threw me off, thus minimizing the power of the moment.  And I disagree that the cheerful punk sound served as a clever juxtaposition to the scene.  With that reasoning, the producers could have done even more by using a circus theme.  Agree to disagree, but the song just didn't fit IMO.
278	shiola	2013-04-15	If a viewer can't see that Dany is a person to be taken seriously, regardless of her sex, then they should watch other shows.  Again, I'm saying the quote was HEAVY HANDED and silly.I'm not talking about viewers.  I'm talking about, oh I don't know, the entire khalasar in season 1, Viserys, many people from Qarth, Kraznys....
279	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I thought maybe the quote was to show that Dany can understand what the merchant is saying, wasn't that in the books? Anyway, I don't see what's so wrong about itShe isn't really about "girrrl power" though, it seemed a very out of place modern thing for her to say, and unnecessarily heavy handed, as well, simplistic since Valar Morgulous "all men must die" means men in the universal meaning of humans not males.
280	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	If a viewer can't see that Dany is a person to be taken seriously, regardless of her sex, then they should watch other shows.  Again, I'm saying the quote was HEAVY HANDED and silly.Dany isn't talking to the viewers, though. She talking to a young slave girl who has just listened to her master insult and berate this woman. She knows nothing of Dany even if we do.
281	Table8	2013-04-15	I thought maybe the quote was to show that Dany can understand what the merchant is saying, wasn't that in the books? Anyway, I don't see what's so wrong about itIf that was the case, they didn't do a good job IMO. It would have been better if Dany responded in Valyrian and Missandei reacted in a way that showed the viewer Dany understood everything Krasnys said, even all the insults and sexual remarks.  Just felt that quote was dumb.  But I have bigger gripes about this episode which I covered in a previous post.
282	Dark_Sister	2013-04-15	If that was the case, they didn't do a good job IMO. It would have been better if Dany responded in Valyrian and Missandei reacted in a way that showed the viewer Dany understood everything Krasnys said, even all the insults and sexual remarks.  Just felt that quote was dumb.  But I have bigger gripes about this episode which I covered in a previous post.I agree, that's why I said maybe, because if that's what they were trying to show they didn't make it clear. As for the quote, I think they were trying to show bad-ass Dany a little, but they usually fail when they do it.
283	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	If that was the case, they didn't do a good job IMO. It would have been better if Dany responded in Valyrian and Missandei reacted in a way that showed the viewer Dany understood everything Krasnys said, even all the insults and sexual remarks.  Just felt that quote was dumb.  But I have bigger gripes about this episode which I covered in a previous post.The issue shouldn't be so much if the quote is silly but if it's silly in the way that suits the character or not. For example, the Lannister house words are really silly, but it suits them. Daenerys can be pretty full of herself at times so it wasn't much out of character.As for Dany talking Valyrian then no, that should definitely not happen until it's dracarys time. Dropping hints are fine, jumping the gun is not.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 15 April 2013 - 03:02 PM.
284	greatgeek	2013-04-15	9
The Good
-Riverrun scenes
-"musical" council chairs
-goodbye Hot Pie
-creepy Craster
-Dany 
-Theon scenes (great chase sequence)
-Jaime and Brienne
-The Bear and the Maiden Fair (not sure its my favorite rendition, but a good one)
The Meh
-North of the Wall scenes
-Podrick the Pimp (totally gratuitous, but at least it was entertaining)
-Blackfish shoving Edmure
The Bad
-use of Bear and the Maiden Fair (should have been ep 7 - bear pit scene, cut to credits, song, epic)
285	Table8	2013-04-15	The issue shouldn't be so much if the quote is silly but if it's silly in the way that suits the character or not. For example, the Lannister house words are really silly, but it suits them. Daenerys can be pretty full of herself at times so it wasn't much out of character.As for Dany talking Valyrian then no, that should definitely not happen until it's dracarys time. Dropping hints are fine, jumping the gun is not.I totally hear what youre saying, but I have to disagree slightly.  It ultimately is a responsibility of the show writers to not dumb down characters like Dany for a cheap affirmation of Dany's power in a male dominated world.  That was totally a "you go girl!" moment which bothers me for some reason.  Dany being full of herself as you say is really you're opinion (one I actually share).  But there is no objective way to prove that, unlike proving things like Ned is an honorable man, which the novels underscore time and time again.I really beat this point up by replying so many times.  It really isn't that big of deal, but Dany's quote is just another reason why I didn't think this episode was very good.  My bigger problems have to do with #1 pacing, #2 pervy-Stannis (talk about character assassination!), #3 the lengthy whorehouse scene and finally that godawful ending song which, to me, undid the incredible drama of the final scene.
286	Blutrabe	2013-04-15	I LOVED the episode. I cracked up when they mentioned the Meereenese Knot! And I was so happy that Jorah's quote about Rhaegar was there. Plus, they handled the Tullys so well. The Blackfish is exactly as he should be! I even liked the ending. I gave the episode 8 points, although it could have easily been a 9. I just assume that there are even better episodes ahead. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Right now, I'm in love with the season. They have done a much much better job adapting the book than in S2 so far. I hope it stays that way. Let's see where they are going with Mel and Gendry.
287	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	I totally hear what youre saying, but I have to disagree slightly.  It ultimately is a responsibility of the show writers to not dumb down characters like Dany for a cheap affirmation of Dany's power in a male dominated world.  That was totally a "you go girl!" moment which bothers me for some reason.  Dany being full of herself as you say is really you're opinion (one I actually share).  But there is no objective way to prove that, unlike proving things like Ned is an honorable man, which the novels underscore time and time again.I really beat this point up by replying so many times.  It really isn't that big of deal, but Dany's quote is just another reason why I didn't think this episode was very good.  My bigger problems have to do with #1 pacing, #2 pervy-Stannis (talk about character assassination!), #3 the lengthy whorehouse scene and finally that godawful ending song which, to me, undid the incredible drama of the final scene.I kind of think that it's a fact that Dany is full of herself, but I don't deny you your right to dispute it. I'll explain myself though. Dany is against slavery and unjust rule but never does she seem to hesitate the least when it comes to her own right to rule over others. She often talks about the blood of the dragon, how that makes her special and basically more than other men. She also often seem to think that she knows better how other people should live than they do.Basically she has a kind heart but she's still very rooted in that she's more special than everyone else. I think the whole thing that "all men must die, but we are not men" goes into her "I'm the blood of the dragon and no one tells me what to do" (paraphrasing).As for the rest I can't say that much apart from that it's too bad that you didn't like it. I don't see Stannis as very different for wanting to sleep with Mel though, as they clearly did it a lot of times in the book. He's just a bit more emotional instead of being introvert and brooding when he's crushed. I completely understand that not all will accept that though but I think it will swing around nicely when this particular arc for him ends.
288	Ghey4Renly	2013-04-15	The opening scene at Riverrun was borderline masterpiece.
289	NeilSpoon	2013-04-15	Gave it an 8.
Things I didn't like:
Edmure being miscast. He should be naive. They made him arrogant and stupid.
The pod/whore scene was pointless, although kind of funny. But felt like wasted time.
290	mrlukeduke	2013-04-15	The good:<U+0080><U+0094> The woman who plays Catelyn is sensational. The scene where she cries in front of the Blackfish was so heartfelt; what a talented actor. Although they forgot to edit the tears back in on the cut to the close-up! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /><U+0080><U+0094> Blackfish, Blackfish, Blackfish.<U+0080><U+0094> The changes made to Theon/Ramsey etc. Perhaps the biggest departure from the books yet but I thought it was ok actually, no biggie. Sped things along a LOT! Understandably they can only have so much violence in one show. And months and months of perpetual medieval torture doesn't make for great TV...<U+0080><U+0094> Daenerys scenes in Astapor. For once she acted fine for a whole show! Just one or two corny lines, which I'll forgive her for. She looked incredible and lost a bit of her self-entitlement and became strong and more dragonlike.<U+0080><U+0094> The reference to the Meereneese knot. CHEEKY!<U+0080><U+0094> Most of the Jaime/Brienne scenes; if much more toned down in cruelty and suffering compared to the books (expected) until...<U+0080><U+0094> Jaime's hand getting cut off. Holy, holy crap. For a while didn't think they'd do it. They did, oh boy did they. It looked so realistic and I felt sick watching his arm slide away and hearing his cry of agony. But it captured the book perfectly. It's such a critical scene. Even though they used Bolton men (a bit wtf, but they have to simplify everything so it's fair enough).<U+0080><U+0094> The guy who plays Kraznys, the slave master. He's an utterly superb asshat.<U+0080><U+0094> Riverrun. The funeral scene. Robb Stark's actor, as usual, being amazing.The meh:<U+0080><U+0094> Corny watered-down dialogue between Selmy and Jorah, for the viewer's benefit.<U+0080><U+0094> Missandei aka the translator who cannot act, aka Inexplicably Posh Robotic Slave Girl, who now tragically works for Dani.<U+0080><U+0094> Jon/Mance etc. Boring. Corny.The ugly:<U+0080><U+0094> The council meeting. Er... where are the Kingsguard? Where is, oh I don't know... EVERYONE?!! King's Landing is apparently empty and 5 or 6 people rule the entire Kingdom with all its logistics. I'm not saying give them all lines. Just show a few more important people here and there, in the background, nodding or talking privately. Throw in a grumpy lordling or two. A serving wench, a knight, a captain, a page, a scribe... someone, anyone! It's the capital city for goodness sakes. No time for musical chairs. Stupid.<U+0080><U+0094> The Podrick getting laid scene. Funny yes. Pointless otherwise yes.<U+0080><U+0094> Stannis acting completely out of character from BOTH previous scenes AND the books. I think they're over-playing the "he's getting weaker, Mel's sapping him of life/dignity" card. Dunno, just did not work IMO. (Mel's sexy though).<U+0080><U+0094> That stupid bloody song in the end credits. What. The. Hell.Think that's all. Overall, I liked it. 8/10.
					
					
							Edited by mrlukeduke, 15 April 2013 - 04:39 PM.
291	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	<U+0097> The council meeting. Er... where are the Kingsguard? Where is, oh I don't know... EVERYONE?!! King's Landing is apparently empty and 5 or 6 people rule the entire Kingdom with all its logistics. I'm not saying give them all lines. Just show a few more important people here and there, in the background, nodding or talking privately. Throw in a grumpy lordling or two. A serving wench, a knight, a captain, a page, a scribe... someone, anyone! It's the capital city for goodness sakes. No time for musical chairs. Stupid.It's a small council meeting. Why would the population of King's Landing be sitting in a smallCouncil meeting? It's not court, it's a private meeting. That musical chairs scene was a no dialogue portrayal of the attitudes and motivations of each council member, very well acted and entertaining.
292	Jaime the Queenslayer	2013-04-15	It will be interesting for sure. I can't wait to see Goldenhand The Just!Can't believe I lost my sword arm xD I believe they will probably use the same method that The Walking Dead FX department used. A simple green glove and then digital editing etc
293	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Can't believe I lost my sword arm xD I believe they will probably use the same method that The Walking Dead FX department used. A simple green glove and then digital editing etcI hope they keep the scene of him beating that guard that mocks Brienne with his golden hand!
294	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-15	Good stuff. 9
295	Groney	2013-04-15	I give this a 10/10. Perfect television.
At first I thought Podrick scene was going to be a waste of screen time, but it quickly became one of the funniest moments of the show with the Meerenese Knot joke.
Mance declaring war and the excitement on Tormunds face was epic. Not the way the book Tormund would've reacted but I like this Tormund too.
Unlike some I absolutely loved the end credits and the whole Jaime getting his hand chopped off. The moral ambiguity in the whole setting is why I love this GoT world. A guy who just saved a woman from being raped (but also threw a kid out of a window) is getting his hand chopped off by a guy who is supposedly on the side of the good Northerners. Excellent.
They also set up some memorable events from the book and you kind of get the big picture of how the show is going to pan out this season.
296	rocksniffer	2013-04-15	gave it an 8 ...mostly for not enough explanation of the shit going on north of the wall...i mean what's with the horse art...
in addition i am one SOB who was glad to see Pod get laid... /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
297	Reposado	2013-04-15	I give this a 10/10. Perfect television.really should watch some more shows.anyways, this was probably the best of the season. but not better than an 8. still a bit disjointed
298	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	gave it an 8 ...mostly for not enough explanation of the shit going on north of the wall...i mean what's with the horse art...in addition i am one SOB who was glad to see Pod get laid... /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />You're not supposed to know anything about the Others yet, other than they're not brainless zombies. I find it kind of exciting that way. After 5 books we don't even much about them. I dig the suspense!
299	shiola	2013-04-15	really should watch some more shows.anyways, this was probably the best of the season. but not better than an 8. still a bit disjointedThey should watch more shows because they liked something more than you did?  Because they found something they couldn't complain about, and were completely happy with?  Oookay, buddy.
300	Reposado	2013-04-15	They should watch more shows because they liked something more than you did?  Because they found something they couldn't complain about, and were completely happy with?  Oookay, buddy.well to consider that perfect television.......i would believe that they are missing out on a lot of stuff that is much much betterit was a pretty good episode but far from perfect
301	Eogh	2013-04-15	9, best episode since season 1.
302	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	well to consider that perfect television.......i would believe that they are missing out on a lot of stuff that is much much betterit was a pretty good episode but far from perfectYou know that's an opinion, right?
303	shiola	2013-04-15	9, best episode since season 1.I'd say best episode since Blackwater, but Blackwater was standalone in its quality compared to the rest of season two.  Barring that, I agree with you.  They're back to season one standards.  And with what's to come, this season will only get better!
304	Table8	2013-04-15	They should watch more shows because they liked something more than you did?  Because they found something they couldn't complain about, and were completely happy with?  Oookay, buddy.Everyone is entitled to their opinion.  But people here give out 10s way too easily IMO.  I'm much more stingy /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
305	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-15	Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you consider this episode "perfect television" despite its objectifying of women, plot-holes and filler scenes, then I have to question your idea of "perfect television". The show has a lot of room for improvement, and this episode pretty much summarised most of its major flaws.
306	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you consider this episode "perfect television" despite its objectifying of women, plot-holes and filler scenes, then I have to question your idea of "perfect television". The show has a lot of room for improvement, and this episode pretty much summarised most of its major flaws.I would love for you to discuss the plot holes.
307	Conchobar	2013-04-15	Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you consider this episode "perfect television" despite its objectifying of women, plot-holes and filler scenes, then I have to question your idea of "perfect television". The show has a lot of room for improvement, and this episode pretty much summarised most of its major flaws.Ah cumon! Yer a bit picky! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
308	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-15	I would love for you to discuss the plot holes.There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem.
309	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem. I don't agree w/all of those points, but with most of them. Continuity and logical flow of events..from last season to this seaon...and from scene to scene in each location has been REALLY choppy and flawed, and in some cases could have been fairly easily rectified with a couple of lines here or there or a slightly different take on events.I'm disappointed so far with this season, especially since according to D & D this is the year they've been waiting for.  I expected a much smoother, better sense of the story than last season, and it feels even more disjointed so far.
310	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem.We didn't know of Robb's plan in the book until they tell Edmure. And even so how's that a plot hole?That was poorly worded, but I think he meant the crag and beyond. Not sure how you call that a plot hole.Robb being hypocritical is not a plot hole. I'm just going to stop there because its a long list and I already believe you're calling things plot holes with no justification.
311	Warden of the North121	2013-04-15	There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem. I'm pretty sure she made that part of the deal for the Unsullied.
312	DebL66	2013-04-15	I loved the chair scene.  I loved most of the episode, actually.  The only really annoying things for me were:
So tired of whore scenes, and every time I see Ros my eyes roll.  I thought the Pod whore scenes were boring and not funny, cute, or clever.  Yawn.
The Stannis scene was so not Stannis.
End credits music was so jarring...completely took me out of the moment.  The Jaime losing his hand scene was so well executed and then the music was completely disorienting.
313	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-15	Some of you guys are way too grumpy. The only legit critique I will make is the fact that they have yet to make it perfectly clear that the Freys are no longer fighting for the young wolf because of the Talisa marriage.
314	Elrond Hubbard	2013-04-15	I am going to go out on a limb here and give it a six.  The Podrick brothel scenes were juvenile and left me embarrassed that I recommend the series to friends and family.  I am not a prude, but I prefer entertainment that treats sex with more maturity than an "American Pie" movie.  The rest of the episode was fairly uneventful, with the exception of Theon's escape and Jaime losing his hand at the end.
315	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem." In episode 2F09 when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib twice in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones. I mean, what are we to believe, that this is some sort of a magic xylophone or something? Boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder."
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 15 April 2013 - 11:57 PM.
316	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-16	I gave it a 9/10. I think this is the best episode so far from season 3, there were some nice scenes includin Arya, Theon, Jamie and Dany. I also liked the part with Pod, laughed really hard, it is good to have some moments of joy because this season will be sad and dark. I think they could have made much better regarding Stannis and Melisandre scene ... I also liked the contrast at the end between the horror of Jamies and the music being played, for those who havent read the books i believe it was a double shocking moment /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 16 April 2013 - 12:41 AM.
317	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	Beat of season so far.
Good job debut director!
318	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	Patrick.
Such a hater.
319	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	Gave it an 8.  Great episode - best this season so far.  Would have been a 10, but that stupid last song knocked it down.
320	Eira Seren	2013-04-16	This season is getting better and better.  Gave it a 9!  Most of the scenes were pretty great.  Really like where things with Theon are heading. . .
and I'm going to adopt Bronn's new nickname for Pervy Pete
321	MrsManderly	2013-04-16	I thoughy it was great 8 or 9/10.
I am loving Dany this season far more than I ever did in the books, the Tullys, Arya, Crasters and most of all Jaime and Brienne were fabulous.
I'll even forgive them the pointless brothel scene for getting a reference to Mereenese knot in there - LOL!
I am not getting the Stannis characterisation but maybe they are going somewhere with it...
The one thing that really bothered me is what was NOT there, namely Sam slaying the Other.  I guess, as they got to Crasters already (which worked fine, except it needed a bit mor NW rumbling dissension which they had started building last week) this is now not going to happen or at least not in front of Sam's NW brothers.  I think that is a real shame and together with how they cut out the fight with the Others and changed Sam's plot there, it s my biggest objection to the season so far
But a great effort overall!
					
					
							Edited by MrsManderly, 16 April 2013 - 03:00 AM.
322	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Patrick.Such a hater. Yes, I am - rating it 8/10 clearly means I'm a hater. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />But I do hate parts of it - the poor writing, mainly. I hate that I honestly believed in this show and thought it had potential to be the best show on air. With all its plot holes and gratuitous violence and female nudity, I feel embarassed that I recommended this show to my family and friends.We didn't know of Robb's plan in the book until they tell Edmure. And even so how's that a plot hole?It fit with Robb's actions in the book, particularly as we actually knew he told Edmure not to fight Tywin. But in the show it felt forced.That was poorly worded, but I think he meant the crag and beyond. Not sure how you call that a plot hole."The crag and beyond"? What else does he have in the West? So yes, I do think this is a plot hole. Viewers have no idea what Robb has accomplished so far.I'm pretty sure she made that part of the deal for the Unsullied. In the books I'm 99% sure that Kraznys gives Missandei to her. In the books it demonstrates Kraznys' greed for a dragon and his lack of respect for his slaves. In the show... I don't know why it's there." In episode 2F09 when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib twice in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones. I mean, what are we to believe, that this is some sort of a magic xylophone or something? Boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder." /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I've made a huge list of plot-holes, some of which are incredibly obvious to any intelligent viewers. I was deliberately nit-picking because some of the people in this thread act like the show is the best thing on television with absolutely no problems. But that couldn't be further from the truth, as I quite clearly demonstrated.If you don't think plot-holes are important - great. Enjoy the show, because many more will be coming your way.
323	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	I've made a huge list of plot-holes, some of which are incredibly obvious to any intelligent viewers. I was deliberately nit-picking because some of the people in this thread act like the show is the best thing on television with absolutely no problems. But that couldn't be further from the truth, as I quite clearly demonstrated.If you don't think plot-holes are important - great. Enjoy the show, because many more will be coming your way.The only thing is, these are minor plot holes, not gaping ones that have to be addressed. The show has 10 hours of running time per season.  If you seriously expect the show to spend time talking about every single detail of Robb's war plans, and end up being disappointed, you're going to have an absolutely miserable time watching the show.Oh, and cute comment about how only "intelligent viewers" pick up on things like this. It didn't come across as arrogant or elitist at all /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 16 April 2013 - 04:43 AM.
324	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-16	8/10. I could have given it more, but I just cannot get over that Dany scene:
"Valar Morghulis"
"Yes, all men must die. But we are not men"
Hated it so much. I can get over anything else, but just NOT that. Just WHY??!
 /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
325	Little Wing	2013-04-16	Really enjoyed the episode overall, but had a few pet peeves...  8/10
The Pod scene... not a big fan, hope it turns out he just listened to their sob stories, lol /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  But the scene was unnecessary, ofc.
Craster talking cannibalism. Okay guys, he's gross enough, no need for that. Really.
Stannis.  ......   Just no. He is not needy and clingy like that. Was the biggest issue for me.
Still enjoying Dany scenes, which is all new to me.
They actually made me care a bit for showEdmure - can't stand bookEdmure...still not sure how to feel about that. The Blackfish is awesome!
Loved the Hot Pie scene... they are so cute and awkward... the horrors of war have jaded them but they still care about each other... as awkwardly as they do  /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
Not sure what to make of Boy... they are making him quite likeable. Really going for shock value later on, I guess  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Locke seems more of a Ramsay figure at the moment though...
					
					
							Edited by Little Wing, 16 April 2013 - 05:11 AM.
326	mrlukeduke	2013-04-16	There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem.Excellent points. All stuff I recall thinking about when watching but never took such consideration over. You're right, although I feel more or less strongly about certain scenes for different reasons. Plot holes are crucial to plug. It's not that they can't fit things in. They have the time, but they're using it in inexplicable ways. IMO they're trying to broaden viewership and losing a bit of artistic integrity. Which is fine, but not what turns me on, personally.
327	mrlukeduke	2013-04-16	It's a small council meeting. Why would the population of King's Landing be sitting in a smallCouncil meeting? Not what I said. Of course it's a small council. Still too small though, and musical chairs could have been replaced by better dialogue IMO. And I'm talking about generally anyway, at King's Landing. It feels empty, sparse, not like the Kingdom's at war internally and externally.
328	mrlukeduke	2013-04-16	http://iceandfire.wi...i/Small_council 
Just think they could have added maybe one line for Randyll Tarly as Master of Laws. Maybe someone as Master of Ships talking about Stannis/Aurane etc etc. Just my thought and opinions is all! Not bitching. I still enjoyed the episode!
329	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	The only thing is, these are minor plot holes, not gaping ones that have to be addressed. The show has 10 hours of running time per season.  If you seriously expect the show to spend time talking about every single detail of Robb's war plans, and end up being disappointed, you're going to have an absolutely miserable time watching the show.Oh, and cute comment about how only "intelligent viewers" pick up on things like this. It didn't come across as arrogant or elitist at all /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well there was plenty of time in the last episode devoted to Podrick Payne, whores, and moving chairs. So yeah, I do think there was plenty of time to address the plot-holes.It's true: intelligent viewers will pick up on the plot-holes (the Unsullied, for example), and it will affect their enjoyment of the show. On the other hand, viewers who tune in to see sex workers being treated like objects by clothed men will not pick up on plot-holes.
330	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-16	I've made a huge list of plot-holes, some of which are incredibly obvious to any intelligent viewers. I was deliberately nit-picking because some of the people in this thread act like the show is the best thing on television with absolutely no problems. But that couldn't be further from the truth, as I quite clearly demonstrated.This part of your post made me laugh out loud. First of all it seems so desperately arrogant to use the "are incredibly obvious to any intelligent viewers". That clashes quite a bit with what I consider constructive argumentation and even more with the fact that you seemingly don't grasp the concepts of subjectivity and objectivity. Judging from what you wrote you actually think that you can decide for anyone else what the best thing on television is. Even more so you say that GoT being the best thing on TV couldn't be further from the truth, which means that you see it as a fact that it is the worst thing on TV (as that's the furthest thing from being the best). Yet you give the episode an 8, which means that you must really, really, really enjoy TV.Not sure what to make of Boy... they are making him quite likeable. Really going for shock value later on, I guess  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Locke seems more of a Ramsay figure at the moment though...They pretty much have to make him seem likable in order to give the viewers the same ride as Theon is getting. The whole point of this is for Ramsay to build up trust so he can truly break him, which is what he was doing in the books (although we just get to hear about some of it from memory).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 16 April 2013 - 05:29 AM.
331	MorbidRabbit	2013-04-16	Had to give it a 9.
Almost all scenes were great : the Council, Riverrun, Arya, Samwell, Theon and of course Daenerys and Jaime/Brienne.
The whorehouse scene was fine but I hope the return of the money is a trick from Tyrion.
Jon Snow's scenes are too short.
Disturbed by the final music but not a big issue for me.
332	Little Wing	2013-04-16	They pretty much have to make him seem likable in order to give the viewers the same ride as Theon is getting. The whole point of this is for Ramsay to build up trust so he can truly break him, which is what he was doing in the books (although we just get to hear about some of it from memory).No, I agree, but as I said, they are making him quite likeable... His Reek was not likeable  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  Anyway, hope it works... I was quite shocked when I read about the Reek/Ramsay identity switch thing, we'll see what the non-readers say when the reveal comes in the show   /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
333	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	Another reason I only gave it a 7 was the Talisa (kill her with fire!) scene where she's making sexual innuendos you'd expect from a 7 year old.
334	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	It's true: intelligent viewers will pick up on the plot-holes (the Unsullied, for example), and it will affect their enjoyment of the show. On the other hand, viewers who tune in to see sex workers being treated like objects by clothed men will not pick up on plot-holes.That's a bold generalization, don't you think? I noticed plot holes as well, but I didn't consider them being enough that they detract from the overall quality of the episode.
335	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	That's a bold generalization, don't you think? I noticed plot holes as well, but I didn't consider them being enough that they detract from the overall quality of the episode. If they're tuning in for gratuitous nudity, I doubt they'll be concerned about plot-holes.Most of the plot-holes were bizzare and actually quite major, so I have to question why you don't think they detracted from the overall quality of the episode. This is why I mentioned the whole "intelligent viewer" thing. It's strange for me to think that anyone can believe an episode is of high quality when it has ANY plot-holes, let alone the number I picked out.
336	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-16	No, I agree, but as I said, they are making him quite likeable... His Reek was not likeable  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  Anyway, hope it works... I was quite shocked when I read about the Reek/Ramsay identity switch thing, we'll see what the non-readers say when the reveal comes in the show   /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Ah, then I get what you mean. You are correct in that this certainly isn't the Reek route he's taking. I would guess that it's both due to them not casting Ramsay the last season and because Reek probably wouldn't seem as "good" as Ramsay is now.As long as the true Ramsay is good I'm fine with whatever they do up until the revelation though.
337	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem.First three points are valid. Minor, but valid.There's a big difference between Dany's decisions in Qarth, and choosing to sell one of her dragons. Such an action would take even Jorah, who knows Dany, by surprise.That may be so in the books, but we don't know for sure that on the show, Tyrion was unable to do anything after the Battle. In the books, he's still recovering from his injuries when he asks Tywin for Casterly Rock, in the show he's not. That suggests some passage of time, where he still might have been able to return Ros to LFCompletely in character. Ramsay doesn't care about anyone, and unlike Roose he's reckless. Roose would look to conserve his men, Ramsay clearly doesn't. It makes perfect sense for Ramsay to go through all that trouble just to gain Theon's trust.Can't remember off the top of my head how many he sends in the books, but it was around a 100, I think. Many even died climbing the Wall, a possibility he would have been aware off. As of now, we don't know how many of his men will die scaling the WallThe Lannister hostages appear to have been captives for a few days. It's entirely possible they would have heard soldiers talk about Robb's new wife.I thought it was pretty obvious she was buying Missandei in order to free her. This will probably be made clearer later.Good point about the Unsullied. Maybe Jorah was unaware of how many Dany's goods will be able to buy. And they did cut out the whole Illyrio bit, so it would seem a bit strange if Dany showed up with goods out of nowhere.Melisandre said that the fires would lead her.I interpreted the scene as Pod not actually having sex, and simply returning the money and lying about bedding them. He seemed far too shy and naive for a foursome, honestly.This was bugging me as well, but it's possible that while Jaime and Locke were talking, Brienne was still getting beaten up by Locke's men.They pretty much have to make him seem likable in order to give the viewers the same ride as Theon is getting. The whole point of this is for Ramsay to build up trust so he can truly break him, which is what he was doing in the books (although we just get to hear about some of it from memory).I was worried that Ramsay seemed too normal in ep2, but his demeanour when he killed his own men put my fears to rest. Even as Reek, Ramsay was always quite unnerving. Maybe we'll see some more of this before the big reveal of his true identity.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 16 April 2013 - 06:13 AM.
338	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	First three points are valid. Minor, but valid.There's a big difference between Dany's decisions in Qarth, and choosing to sell one of her dragons. Such an action would take even Jorah, who knows Dany, by surprise.That may be so in the books, but we don't know for sure that on the show, Tyrion was unable to do anything after the Battle. In the books, he's still recovering from his injuries when he asks Tywin for Casterly Rock, in the show he's not. That suggests some passage of time, where he still might have been able to return Ros to LFCompletely in character. Ramsay doesn't care about anyone, and unlike Roose he's reckless. Roose would look to conserve his men, Ramsay clearly doesn't. It makes perfect sense for Ramsay to go through all that trouble just to gain Theon's trust.Can't remember off the top of my head how many he sends in the books, but it was around a 100, I think. Many even died climbing the Wall, a possibility he would have been aware off. As of now, we don't know how many of his men will die scaling the WallThe Lannister hostages have been captives for a few days. It's entirely possible they would have heard soldiers talk about Robb's new wife.I thought it was pretty obvious she was buying Missandei in order to free her. This will probably be made clearer later.Good point about the Unsullied. Maybe Jorah was unaware of how many Dany's goods will be able to buy. And they did cut out the whole Illyrio bit, so it would seem a bit strange if Dany showed up with goods out of nowhere.Melisandre said that the fires would lead her.I interpreted the scene as Pod not actually having sex, and simply returning the money and lying about bedding them. He seemed far too shy for a foursome, honestly.This was bugging me as well, but it's possible that while Jaime and Locke were talking, Brienne was still getting beaten up by Locke's men.I agree. Still don't think it was in-character though.We're given the impression that he hasn't left his room since the season two finale. And anyway, Ros was freed in time for the finale, whilst Tyrion was unconscious and hadn't visited Cersei. This means Cersei freed her simply because Joffrey didn't die.I agree that Ramsay doesn't care about anyone, but it still feels a little "off" to me. He didn't need to kill four men to win Theon's trust.Yes, many died during the climb. So why only send 20?Why would they be able to recognise her? And why has Robb's marriage not been discussed in King's Landing, anyway? Varys must have spies in Robb's army to know that he's marching to Riverrun, so why has he not mentioned Robb's new wife?Clearly she will free her, but it was out of character to not free her immediately.They looted Xaro's manse in the season two finale, which gave them the opportunity to give Dany enough wealth for Unsullied. There's no explanation for this plot-hole.I know what she said, but it still makes no sense. If the fires will lead her, why not stay on Dragonstone until she knows where she's going?I don't think this was the intention of the scene. It's possible, I agree, but I think there was more to it than that.But wasn't Brienne the only one fighting? She was trying to fight them off, but they were trying to rape her.
339	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	-I think the whole Ramsay/Theon bit will be better once the season is finished and we get a chance to re-watch it. From what it seems like, Ramsay deliberately stages a hunt, fully knowing that his men will catch Theon and try to rape him. The rape bit is important. Ramsay already has his trust, but Theon now looks up to him as his saviour, and might refer to this incident in his future Reek-ified persona as evidence, exhibiting the Stockholm Syndrome that Reek seems to display in ADWD.
-Agree on the Mance part. I really don't have a logical explanation. I guess we'll have to see how it play out.
-IIRC, Jorah said the few luxuries in Xaro's manse worth anything would be enough to buy a small ship. I don't think they had enough to buy the carts of food and silk she has in the book.
-The fires act as her compass or something? I'm guessing they're taking liberties on the power of Mel's magic. IDK.
-I think she was trying to fight them off, but that only caused them to beat her more, causing her to scream.
340	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-16	We're given the impression that he hasn't left his room since the season two finale. And anyway, Ros was freed in time for the finale, whilst Tyrion was unconscious and hadn't visited Cersei. This means Cersei freed her simply because Joffrey didn't die.We're also given the impression that Littlefinger isn't thanking him genuinely at all but rather trying to get Tyrion to slip some information that he can use against him. I thought it was pretty obvious.I agree that Ramsay doesn't care about anyone, but it still feels a little "off" to me. He didn't need to kill four men to win Theon's trust.That sounds like an awfully weak argument to argue a plot hole. Ramsay doesn't exactly only do what he needs to do in the books.Why would they be able to recognise her? And why has Robb's marriage not been discussed in King's Landing, anyway? Varys must have spies in Robb's army to know that he's marching to Riverrun, so why has he not mentioned Robb's new wife?I'd rather ask why it's important that we know? They could easily have seen her at some point and the idea that the show must spell every little thing out to us is not very appealing to me.Clearly she will free her, but it was out of character to not free her immediately.Not if she has a plan. And she had hardly had time to step outside of the meeting with Kraznys so I'd rather say that it's extremely impatient to expect her to free the slave within the first minute of owning her.I know what she said, but it still makes no sense. If the fires will lead her, why not stay on Dragonstone until she knows where she's going?So now you're making up how her visions work and call it a plot hole because of that? That's even more laughable than your post about how intelligent people seemingly don't need to understand subjectivity and objectivity.I don't think this was the intention of the scene. It's possible, I agree, but I think there was more to it than that.The deal with Pod seemed to me that Tyrion had paid the whores before and to include the service of making him think that he didn't need to pay him with the gold Tyrion left while Pod was there. Something to boost Pod's very obvious lack of confidence. That's the simplest and most available explanation, both with what happened and how Tyrion and Bronn reacts. Pod says that he did things with the whores and of course no whore would actually refuse money for her services.But wasn't Brienne the only one fighting? She was trying to fight them off, but they were trying to rape her.I don't understand how it would be strange that Brienne can manage to avoid being raped for one minute. They have to carry her off somewhere, make her unable to fight back and then get on with it. Nothing in the scene indicates that they are in a big hurry either. As for them breaking off when Locke tells them to, how about taking the last part of that scene as an indication that Locke isn't a guy that you want to disobey or make angry? Someone that can do something like that can probably be a pretty hard leader.The part with Jorah wanting to buy Unsullied but they are low on money is the only thing I find hard to grasp and can buy as a legit plot hole. The rest seem either like wanting the show to be extremely obvious with every detail, not having the patience to accept that we don't have all the info on all parts yet, or are just interpretations of things that I don't think are valid/the most logical.
341	mafalda	2013-04-16	He said he hasn't read them because he didn't want to know too much or something like that back at the emmy panel a few weeks ago.Thank you Winterfellian!
342	boojam	2013-04-16	8/10. I could have given it more, but I just cannot get over that Dany scene:"Valar Morghulis""Yes, all men must die. But we are not men"Hated it so much. I can get over anything else, but just NOT that. Just WHY??! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Why? You mean the 'we are not men' part?It's straight out of Tolkien: Battle of the Pelennor Fields.I loved it, tho not sure D&D were thinking of Tolkien , but it's a good zinger.
343	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	Gave this one and 8.  I agreed with everything Ran wrote about this one, including the lack of criticism of Stannis' obsession with Mel.  I think that was implied sufficiently in the books that it's consistent.  Final musical cut was...not good.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 16 April 2013 - 11:23 AM.
344	Azor Ahoy!	2013-04-16	Was pleasantly surprised to see Ser Jorah's 'And Rhaegar Died' line, although it wasn't really as powerful as in the books (maybe because in ASOS it's the final line of a chapter and so has more punch.)
Since I mostly skimmed the Jaime chapters in ASOS I didn't know at what point Jaime's hand gets cut off, but when Locke had him pushed down and was holding the knife I knew this was it... but I was still surprised when Locke seemed to relent, then SLASH! 'A bear there WAS!'
345	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	I'd rather ask why it's important that we know? They could easily have seen her at some point and the idea that the show must spell every little thing out to us is not very appealing to me.It's a plot-hole considering that no one outside of Robb's camp has heard that he is married. That's a plot-hole within itself.Not if she has a plan. And she had hardly had time to step outside of the meeting with Kraznys so I'd rather say that it's extremely impatient to expect her to free the slave within the first minute of owning her.Maybe it's not a plot-hole then, but it's certainly inconsistent with her characterisation. In the books she frees Missandei as soon as she possibly can, she doesn't say "You belong to me now".So now you're making up how her visions work and call it a plot hole because of that? That's even more laughable than your post about how intelligent people seemingly don't need to understand subjectivity and objectivity.If you didn't know where you were going, you would not get on a boat/ship and find your destination there. That is... really stupid. What does she tell the captain? "Oh, you can go this way... But I'm not sure where I'm supposed to go yet. Sail around for a bit and I'll let you know where R'hllor wants me to go." ??? It's stupid, and very bad writing.The deal with Pod seemed to me that Tyrion had paid the whores before and to include the service of making him think that he didn't need to pay him with the gold Tyrion left while Pod was there. Something to boost Pod's very obvious lack of confidence. That's the simplest and most available explanation, both with what happened and how Tyrion and Bronn reacts. Pod says that he did things with the whores and of course no whore would actually refuse money for her services.It's too ambiguous. The obvious solution is that LF is giving Tyrion a freebie for helping Ros, and as I said before this doesn't really make sense because Tyrion didn't help Ros. We can assume that Tyrion pre-paid them, but there's no real evidence to support that view.The part with Jorah wanting to buy Unsullied but they are low on money is the only thing I find hard to grasp and can buy as a legit plot hole. The rest seem either like wanting the show to be extremely obvious with every detail, not having the patience to accept that we don't have all the info on all parts yet, or are just interpretations of things that I don't think are valid/the most logical. I'm glad we can agree on this point. The show does not need to be "extremely obvious with every detail", but it should not be extremely vague either.
346	Rapsie	2013-04-16	They are really nailing Jaime and Brienne. The loss of Vargo Hoat and making them Bolton's men, makes a lot of sense. Jaime and Brienne are probably my favourite part of the show at the moment.
The Arya and HotPie goodbye scene was lovely, although I wish they would put in more of her sense of loss, and no one sticking by her, but that's a tiny niggle. Wish we could see more of Sandor, though its good we are finally seeing him! Yay!
Theon's storyline is great...the only problem is that last season they actually made me like Roose Bolton and this season they are making me like Ramsay. The actor maybe a tad too good looking for the role.
Dany's storyline and character are much better. Really looking forward to her story this season.
Sam's story is going well I thought in this episode. 
Still not liking the way they are having to make all the Tullys look like idiots and avoiding that Robb lost a huge portion of the army because of the Talisa change. But there is still time for development of the Blackfish and Edmure, I hope.
The only real downside in this episode for me was the awful whores scene and the gossipy discussion afterwards. They really need to stop with the over whore scenes when other characters are not being developed. Also I am really getting fed up of Bronn. Jerome Flynn is an excellent actor but they are cutting out other characters' development because they seem to like creating scenes with him. Also I'm not against the nudity, but there needs to be more balance with attractive male nudity. However the contortionist was just over the top. Really was gratuitous.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 16 April 2013 - 12:56 PM.
347	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-16	It's a plot-hole considering that no one outside of Robb's camp has heard that he is married. That's a plot-hole within itself.You're drawing your conclusions backwards. Obviously people have heard that he's married, otherwise Martin wouldn't have commented on it. A reason why we don't hear other people talk about it can be that they are deliberately hiding the plans relating to that.Maybe it's not a plot-hole then, but it's certainly inconsistent with her characterisation. In the books she frees Missandei as soon as she possibly can, she doesn't say "You belong to me now".This isn't the book, this is the show. What's relevant in a discussion like this is if she's being consistent with the show's version.It's too ambiguous. The obvious solution is that LF is giving Tyrion a freebie for helping Ros, and as I said before this doesn't really make sense because Tyrion didn't help Ros. We can assume that Tyrion pre-paid them, but there's no real evidence to support that view.How is it the obvious solution when you say that there are clear evidence against it? The scene plays out just as it would if Tyrion had arranged it, so that's the most obvious solution to me. The way Tyrion and Bronn go on about how it's so strange that the whores didn't take the money leaves me with two things; that they are suspecting a plot (nothing else indicates that) or that they are acting in accordance to what Tyrion did to boost Pod's confidence.I'm glad we can agree on this point.The show does not need to be "extremely obvious with every detail", but it should not be extremely vague either.It could of course also have to do with Jorah underestimating how expensive it was. They are obviously not going to establish their entire army in Astapor anyway, seeing how even 8000 soldiers aren't much to take an entire continent with, even if some Houses join you. They have to take baby steps.As for being vague I don't have any problems with that. I like being treated as intelligent enough to think for myself without obvious facts and I don't think that the show makes that too hard.
348	Gennel	2013-04-16	Just to point out that the reason Locke's men didn't rape Brienne while Jaime was talking to him is that Locke tells them that he's going to have her first (leaders privilege I guess /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) so they wouldn't do anything but beat her until he took his turn.
349	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2013-04-16	Personally I would give this episode a 7 at most.  I enjoyed it as ever, but I wasn't thrilled by it either.
The first Riverrun scene, the chair moving, Dany's improving storyline and the acting in the Jaime and Brienne scenes were good.
The rest I thought was only OK - it just didn't grab me particularly.  And the song at the end seemed misplaced.  Completely ruined the moment IMHO.
So far I haven't got particularly excited by this season.  To me it feels a bit directionless - like if I didn't know what happens from reading the books, that I would just be watching the characters move around with little real understanding of what's going on or why it might be significant.
Also, the Jon storyline has been so poor for so long now that it almost feels pointless.  This upsets me as I really enjoyed Jon's story in ASOS.  Hopefully it gets better soon.
To end on a positive note, everything looks great this year.  I don't know what they've done but Westeros is looking a bit more real.
350	taipan	2013-04-16	Great TV yes.
Is it the book? No.
Get over it already.
351	stanniswillwin	2013-04-16	seen few people upset with   ed tully i think they same point was made  as in the book 
- He is a bit useless and robb got pissed off
352	Dragon Doll	2013-04-16	Almost perfect.
I'll always want more Dany and Arya, and less political KL stuff. But even the KL scenes were good this episode!
My partner was all like "why are you cringing like that?" in the last 30 seconds. They did that bit perfectly (even though i still wish it was the dothraki guy with an arakh).
353	Dragon Doll	2013-04-16	Has anyone else noticed the 1-10 graph forms a bell-curve that creeps closer to 10 with each episode...?
So will next week be better? or will it buck the trend?
I don't think they can get much closer to perfect, but i hate the thought of it getting crap in the last few eps of the season.
354	Wyman_Manderly	2013-04-16	They dumbed Theon's arc down last season. This season his arc is entirely new as he wasn't even around in the books. So I'm not sure how you can say it was dumbed down, unless you are including the previous season.I'm not a fan of the Theon scenes this season, but that's largely because they are predictable and as book readers we all know what's going to happen in the end anyway. So it's wasting valuable screentime that could be used for actual scenes from the book.Kinda hard to say they dumbed down an arc that isn't in the books.  I think Theon's arc is quite plausible.Yes, I guess I should have clarified that I was talking about the series as a whole, not just this episode..
	Spoiler In the torture the left out (possibly the most significant part) the whole flaying thing. May be too grotesque for TV? If I remember right, Theon gets hunted down by the "bitches" that he is forced to share 'food' with later on.. I did not see Ramsey playing that big of a role in the torture, while in the book Theon was tortured mainly because Ramsey enjoyed it.. I don't think the rest of his men how or if Theon suffered. Theon was Ramsey's play thing.. The whole thing about calling him Reek, making him forget his identity is very important imo in his transformation.. 
and I may be wrong, but so far it seems that a lot of that stuff is going to be missing in the TV series.. instead we are going to see that Ramsey play a different psychological game with Theon where Ramsey plays Theon's savior in the beginning.. However, I am having a hard time believing that Theon would buy this whole thing , after all.. it was Ramsey who betrays him at winterfell and slaughters his army!!
					
					
							Edited by Wyman_Manderly, 16 April 2013 - 08:31 PM.
355	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Yes, I guess I should have clarified that I was talking about the series as a whole, not just this episode..
	Spoiler In the torture the left out (possibly the most significant part) the whole flaying thing. May be too grotesque for TV? If I remember right, Theon gets hunted down by the "bitches" that he is forced to share 'food' with later on.. I did not see Ramsey playing that big of a role in the torture, while in the book Theon was tortured mainly because Ramsey enjoyed it.. I don't think the rest of his men how or if Theon suffered. Theon was Ramsey's play thing.. The whole thing about calling him Reek, making him forget his identity is very important imo.. and I may be wrong, but so far it seems that a lot of that stuff is going to be missing in the TV series.. instead we are going to see that Ramsey play a different psychological game with Theon where Ramsey plays Theon's savior in the beginning.. However, I am having a hard time believing that Theon would buy this whole thing just because it was Ramsey who betrays him at winterfell and slaughters his army!!

	Spoiler  How is it going to be left out? You think Ramsey is just taking him to Asha and Theon's torture is all done? Ramsey kills his own men and gets Theon to trust him. He says he'll make him a lord, basically thanking him for his life and he owes him a debt. Ramsey gave Theon life, and he is going to brutally strip it all away. Theon has no idea Ramsey was behind the sack of Winterfell and neither does the viewer. Wait for the season to play out, but even then you don't seem to be thinking about it correctly. Theon's arc is one of the best things of this season.

					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 16 April 2013 - 08:33 PM.
356	teemo	2013-04-16	Despite the stupid whore scene, Robb laughing at grandpa's funeral and Stannis' character being ruined even more, this was somehow still my favorite of the season.  I can feel the pace picking up and think it's going to mostly be uphill from here on out.  I hope.
357	Wyman_Manderly	2013-04-16	Spoiler  How is it going to be left out? You think Ramsey is just taking him to Asha and Theon's torture is all done? Ramsey kills his own men and gets Theon to trust him. He says he'll make him a lord, basically thanking him for his life and he owes him a debt. Ramsey gave Theon life, and he is going to brutally strip it all away. Theon has no idea Ramsey was behind the sack of Winterfell and neither does the viewer. Wait for the season to play out, but even then you don't seem to be thinking about it correctly. Theon's arc is one of the best things of this season.
No, I think they are wasting precious airtime trying to make an awesome story line 'better' (and I fear in the process they will make it worse).. I don't think we will have enough air time to see the whole transformation.. like I said, I felt that the 'dumbing down' started a while back, pretty much right after Theon burns his letter to Rob..  I feel that this whole re-route was kind of unnecessary (call me purist if you will).. Another Theon escape with a dog chase seems unlikely and repetitive at this point..  but again, I have been wrong before.. they might be able to pull Theon off, but I am sure others will have to give way in that case.. I guess we have to wait and see how far this goes..Kind of like how they ruined the Cersei-Joffrey relationship thing (at least for me).. I don't really like what they have done with the Arya character since she was brought to Harenhall at all either.. But I understand they had to flesh out Tywin Lannister's character some how.. I just don't like how they sacrificed Arya's character in the process.
					
					
							Edited by Wyman_Manderly, 16 April 2013 - 09:32 PM.
358	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	No, I think they are wasting precious airtime trying to make an awesome story line 'better' (and I fear in the process they will make it worse).. I don't think we will have enough air time to see the whole transformation.. like I said, I felt that the 'dumbing down' started a while back..  I feel that this whole re-route was kind of unnecessary (call me purist if you will)..  but again, I have been wrong before..Kind of like how they ruined the Cersei-Joffrey relationship thing (at least for me).. I don't really like what they have done with the Arya character since she was brought to Harenhall at all..Well I'm not sure how you can call yourself a purist if you think it's a waste of air time to portray one of the best, albeit most troubling storylines of the books. It just can't happen like it does in the books and still be powerful. Theon has absolutely nothing to do the next 2 seasons so there's plenty of air time.
359	Lady of Long Lake	2013-04-16	The Excellent:Arya, Gendry and HotPie- "Winterhell", wolfie cookie and "Don't burn your fingers" cracked me up. I will sorely miss seeing Gendry by Arya's side in future seasons. He's a great actor, along with Maisie. I loved the humor:)Dany-  This was a first for me. Her acting was AMAZING in this episode! I admired her and the storyline and that did not happen while reading. I was not pleased when she renegued in the book and torched the guy. I am looking forward to it in the show.Podrik and the whores: another first for me. This weekly T+A scene was great! It's the first one that I loved and didn't roll my eyes at. The humor here was also greatly appreciated.Robb, Blackfish, Edmure, Cat were excellent.  Although, I didn't like the disrespect Brynden showed Edmure when he pushed him out of the way. That was written poorly by D+D. Side note: Damn,look at Blackfish!  His face is glorious. Now I finally have someone my age I can ogle without feeling guilty for ogling 20 yr old Jon and 40 yr old Jaime.Brienne + Jaime- loved this week's acting and lines. Much more so than last weeks. It was nice seeing Brienne's face show other emotions besides rigid determination.Council Scene- excellent. Cersei's juvenile theatrics were a great touch.The Good:Old Bear and Sam at Crasters- I like how they are building up to the mutiny.The Terrible:Stannis- OMG STFU please. Terrible, terrible writingTalisa- weak sceneMance, Jon and the wildlings- The crop ring was interesting. I'm not liking Mance yet or his lines:(  The North is my favorite arc in the books but it's very boring thusfar this season. I know what's coming of course, but it doesn't have to be tedious leading up to the Lake scene and the battle at the gate. I fear the directors think that cave sex will be all the excitement we need from episode 1-8.   Let Tormund tell some wonderful tales or give us some old history to make these scenes more interesting!I can't rate Theon because I fast forward through torture scenes.
360	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Theon isn't tortured in Episode 3 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> The horse chase sequence was quite awesome though.
And Talisa's scene was just sort of a hey look there's a couple Lannister kid hostages.
361	Spring Snow	2013-04-16	An excellent episode, I gave it an 8/10. I'm very pleased with the season, and this episode is my favorite so far.
The fact that it was consistently humorous was a very, very good thing, considering how sad Catelyn's mourning was and how dark and gut-wrenching the scenes with Theon, Brienne, and Jaime were at the end.
362	LadyLinden	2013-04-16	I thought it was a horrible episode, I felt like it was sloppy and misleading with several characters and key plot issues and the credits song ruined the feeling I love after watching an episode  :\
363	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-16	Yeah, it was an 8.5 - 9.0 for me. A nice blend of new scenes (Pod the Pimp, the wildlings discovering those horses, small counsel musical chairs, and Gimme that sweet thang Stannis) and key moments and character beats from the novels. Although the whole Theon plot, and for some reason Brienne screaming, just didn't sit right with me. Two near rapes in one episode was damned brutal.
364	White Corvus	2013-04-17	I finally watched it tonight and thoroughly enjoyed it!  I don't always "get" the changes that are being made in the  television adaptation but I'm starting to trust the writers and just go with it.  Loved the scene with Podrick, Tyrion and Bronn.  Blackfish didn't look like I had imagined him but he was awesome.  The spiral art created from horse parts by the Others was intriguing and beautiful.  Crasters Keep was very much how I imagined it.  Poor Jaime!  And on and on.  Great episode!  Loved the closing credits tunes!
365	Sir Mark of the East	2013-04-17	I agree with most of the people here. I rated it as 9, definitely one of the best so far. My gosh where should I begin? I love the Blackfish! And that part where the Blackfish shot that arrow, he was like "That's how you do it, son." Pod's scene made me laugh. And Khaleesi, well, what can I say she's a hardcore badass. Note to Jorah and Barristan, you don't question your queen's decision in front of other people. Jaime's scene was very well executed. Poor him.
P.S. Loved the "You little bastard" remark.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Mark, 17 April 2013 - 01:09 AM.
366	You Know Nothing Jon Snow	2013-04-17	Thoroughly enjoyed this episode. Been a couple of years since I read the books, so I'm hazy enough not to pick up on every change, which makes it more enjoyable. (My sister sat through The Hobbit making notes on all the deviations from the book, as her son had wisely forbidden her to speak!)
Thumbs down to Sky though, for talking over the end credits with the wonderfully ironic rendition of the Bear.
367	Hear me Meow	2013-04-17	8/10
The only really bad thing was the Pod/whores scene which was pointless and rubbish filler. 
I thought the Dany scenes were great as always. So was the nw at Craster's (Craster totally killed it actually ~ he was awesome). Jaime and Brienne again, pretty good. 
I didn't give it 9 because PatrickStormborn pointed out a variety of weird inconsistencies and plot holes that, now I think about them, were somewhat unfortunate and poorly done. There was also the Stannis scene but I'm not too bothered about that.
Still pretty good though.
368	Cadiva	2013-04-17	Since they have several times used music more modern than medieval...having a "punk" song that was way more folky than punk anyway is a complete non issue...we should have nitpicked probably 15 of the 23 credit song choices.Great choice. Having some ambient lute after something as epic as that ending would have been completely anti climactic.Totally agree, I thought it worked brilliantly, it was a superb cover of the song and referenced back to the earlier acoustic version of it when Jaime and Brienne had their hilarious argument about who was the better swordsman and the impact of it coming just after he's lost his hand was really well done imho.Overall it was a 9/10 episode for me, my favourite scene was Gendry and Arry saying goodbye to HotPie. The pathos and depth to their parting was perfectly understated and all three did a great job in showing it without any grand gestures. Also loved the chair repositioning in the Small Council, hilarious and perfectly timed to add contrast to the rest of the episode.My only criticism is, as has been mentioned repeatedly, the scene with Stannis and Melisandre. It didn't have anywhere near the sinister impact I was expecting when she starts to refer to the other people with "King's Blood" in them and the threat implicit in that story line to Shireen and, to a lesser extent, to Gendry as well for being a Baratheon bastard.
369	Badvoc	2013-04-17	9 for me a very strong episode with some great scenes /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
370	kevin1989	2013-04-17	between 8,5 and 9 so I gave it a 9. Better than episode 1 and 2. Great thematic episode: losing something.
371	Maxthestig	2013-04-17	Here is a link to our review.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ml5Xre-MuwwWhat I like is that it has moved on from Intros. And started to move the plot along. Such a MASSIVE event at the end and I am happy with the way to did it.Still can't look at locke and not see the guy from Tomb Raider!!!!!!!!!
372	house of no sigil	2013-04-17	7/10. Solid again. The Jaime/Locke scene and the aftermath of the Battle of the Fist stood out. Arya and Hot Pie was nice. The Tully stuff was good, the funeral was just like I imagined it. Dany's starting to get her "Mother" on, and I'm giddy with anticipation for whats coming next. Theon's storyline is coming along slow and low, I am a bit concerned that more drastic changes are coming....The Tyrion/Bronn/Pod stuff was well played and funny but it just felt like it was wasted time again, just like the Tyrion/Shae scene last week. It's scene's like this that make the show seem boring. Stannis/Mel was a bit bizarre but made more sense than people are giving it credit for. And no it's not "character assassination." Least favorite part was the NW at Craster's. No desperation at all. They just seem like a few guys passing through on a nature hike or something, not half dead of exhaustion from battling and running for days from an army of friggen zombies which we never see this season even though they previewed them in the finale last season....still annoyed with that.
373	Original Username	2013-04-17	Gave this an 8, slightly better than the first 2 episodes of this season (gave both of those a 7).
I loved the Astapor / Dany scenes. Which is a bit surprising because in the show nor in the books was she never one of my favorites. The haggling for unsullied scene in particular was great.
The ending was very well done as well and the song didn't bother me a bit.
Overall this episode there just wasn't really anything for me to whine about, but I'm not going to give it a 9 or 10 because that's reserved for the truly great episodes. And I do hope the rest of this season will deliver those great episodes.
374	Lord of Castamere	2013-04-17	Third 8 at a row. To me this episode had the highest and lowest points so far this season. Some scenes were absolutely great, like the last one which did end in Jaime loosing his hand and i loved the dynamics of the small council scene.Some others like the Podric scene and its follow up felt like those had little purpose, while i do not mind the nudity at all. Bit of mixed feelings, but overall a solid episode.
375	Pinn	2013-04-17	... But Jaime losing his hand is a big event and deserves a more tense or melancholy ending theme......or nothing at all.   Else I totally agree; you are taken out of the moment completely while still trying to digest the ramifications of what just happened.  It actually detracts from the impact of the event.Poor creative decision imo.
376	freestyle1228	2013-04-17	Wow... fantastic episode!  From that absolutely wonderful opening scene to the brutal shocking finish, this is the type of episode that made me fall in love with the series.  Drama, intrigue, great dialogue, and that oh-so-wonderful sex and violence.  
I have the blessing of never having read any of the books (nor do I plan to until the series is finished), so nothing about these episodes is tainted for me.  I don't have any of those "why did they?!" or "why wasn't...??" types of moments.  So when an episode like this comes along, I can just enjoy it with pure unadulterated Game of Thrones bliss. 
I honestly can't pick a favorite moment from the episode.  Kudos all around... I gave it a 10.
377	Jaxom 1974	2013-04-17	I've yet to get through all of the whining commentary in this thread, but for all the complaining, I've not seen a single person point out that, with regards to Pod returning from the brothel, the whores didn't take Tyrion's money.  Littlefinger's whores didn't take Tyrion's money.  Littlefinger's whores didn't take Tyrion's money for the "gift" he was purchasing for his squire...Reading too much into a scene meant to play for humor?  Maybe, but it's a nice little conspiracy theory that there is more to it than Pod is just that good...It was a great episode. Regardless of the Stannis we know in the books, the show Stannis is falling flat, and that is disappointing in terms how we expect him to go because of the books...will the show Stannis take a different path?  The Stannis scene was the one negative, even if it was beneficial to crucial information.
378	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-17	Wow... fantastic episode!  From that absolutely wonderful opening scene to the brutal shocking finish, this is the type of episode that made me fall in love with the series.  Drama, intrigue, great dialogue, and that oh-so-wonderful sex and violence.  I have the blessing of never having read any of the books (nor do I plan to until the series is finished), so nothing about these episodes is tainted for me.  I don't have any of those "why did they?!" or "why wasn't...??" types of moments.  So when an episode like this comes along, I can just enjoy it with pure unadulterated Game of Thrones bliss.I honestly can't pick a favorite moment from the episode.  Kudos all around... I gave it a 10.  I wish more us book readers had your attitude. I absolutely loved this episode. Definitely one of my favorites so far. I gave it a 9.
379	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-17	I've yet to get through all of the whining commentary in this thread, but for all the complaining, I've not seen a single person point out that, with regards to Pod returning from the brothel, the whores didn't take Tyrion's money.  Littlefinger's whores didn't take Tyrion's money.  Littlefinger's whores didn't take Tyrion's money for the "gift" he was purchasing for his squire...Reading too much into a scene meant to play for humor?  Maybe, but it's a nice little conspiracy theory that there is more to it than Pod is just that good...It was a great episode.Regardless of the Stannis we know in the books, the show Stannis is falling flat, and that is disappointing in terms how we expect him to go because of the books...will the show Stannis take a different path?  The Stannis scene was the one negative, even if it was beneficial to crucial information.Someone a few pages back came up with the idea that Tyrion had paid them in advanced to make Pod think he was that good when they didn't take his money--a nice gesture to boost Pod's confidence. This just sounds like something Tyrion would do too. It shows his cleverness and his kindness. So all you whiners complaining about how pointless the scene was need to think a little harder.BTW Jaxon I was not calling you out. Kudos to you for actually thinking about it instead of whining.
					
					
							Edited by TheWhiteRabbit, 17 April 2013 - 06:33 PM.
380	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	Someone a few pages back came up with the idea that Tyrion had paid them in advanced to make Pod think he was that good when they didn't take his money--a nice gesture to boost Pod's confidence. This just sounds like something Tyrion would do too. It shows his cleverness and his kindness. So all you whiners complaining about how pointless the scene was need to think a little harder.The reason I thought it to be that way is because Tyrion seems so perplexed at the notion, not considering that it could have some sort of hidden or political meaning (Not like him) that he was basically feigning ignorance to butter up his boy for whom he owes his life...A small price to pay for a man with unlimited wealth. He also invites him to sit with Bronn and share some talk with the boys. It just seems like a gift. I wish they made it a tad more clear though because it could really be interpreted several ways.
381	Wyman_Manderly	2013-04-17	Well I'm not sure how you can call yourself a purist if you think it's a waste of air time to portray one of the best, albeit most troubling storylines of the books. It just can't happen like it does in the books and still be powerful. Theon has absolutely nothing to do the next 2 seasons so there's plenty of air time. :|quoting wikipedia - A purist is one who desires that an item remain true to its essence and free from adulterating or diluting influences. .. so I kind of have absolutely no idea what you are talking about.. anyway.. back to the last episode, I completely forgot to mention how much I don't like the King Beyond the Wall.. He completely lacks the energy of Mance. Makes no mention of visiting Winterfell ( that I remember) and lacks charisma as a whole ..  I absolutely loved the opening scene though.. Peter Dinklage is the man !
382	Ran	2013-04-17	I've yet to get through all of the whining commentary in this thread, but for all the complaining, I've not seen a single person point out that, with regards to Pod returning from the brothel, the whores didn't take Tyrion's money.  Littlefinger's whores didn't take Tyrion's money.  Littlefinger's whores didn't take Tyrion's money for the "gift" he was purchasing for his squire...Nope. Take it from one who has watched past this episode. It was exactly as it was said.(I find that part of the sequence so hatefully stupid that, yes, I'm going out of the way to spoil people's hopes that it all had some sort of clever plot purpose. It has none, it's just Podrick, World's Greatest Lover.)
383	teemo	2013-04-17	/vomit
384	Lady of Long Lake	2013-04-17	Someone a few pages back came up with the idea that Tyrion had paid them in advanced to make Pod think he was that good when they didn't take his money--a nice gesture to boost Pod's confidence. This just sounds like something Tyrion would do too. It shows his cleverness and his kindness. So all you whiners complaining about how pointless the scene was need to think a little harder.BTW Jaxon I was not calling you out. Kudos to you for actually thinking about it instead of whining.Oh I love this theory!
385	KARMAgrinder	2013-04-17	For non-readers this episode was much needed. I love the series, I just feel so much is left out from the books. Understandable though. To follow the books page by page, this would be a thirty season TV series, and that just isn't plausible.
386	Jaxom 1974	2013-04-17	Nope. Take it from one who has watched past this episode. It was exactly as it was said.(I find that part of the sequence so hatefully stupid that, yes, I'm going out of the way to spoil people's hopes that it all had some sort of clever plot purpose. It has none, it's just Podrick, World's Greatest Lover.)It's all good, Ran.  I'm okay with it being just that.  I couldn't not at least point out a possible reason for the scene though, in light of all of the negativity...Sometimes a scene is simply meant to allow the actors to have some fun and explore a little bit about who they are,  Now, if the scene is anything more than a briefly referenced memory in the future, or a running background gag in the future, then I reserve the right to re-evaluate my thoughts on its worth as a scene,  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
387	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	Nope. Take it from one who has watched past this episode. It was exactly as it was said.(I find that part of the sequence so hatefully stupid that, yes, I'm going out of the way to spoil people's hopes that it all had some sort of clever plot purpose. It has none, it's just Podrick, World's Greatest Lover.)Well in that case it is pretty stupid.
388	tryagainlater	2013-04-17	8/10. Great episode. I love that even knowing that Jaime was going to lose his hand, it was still shocking how they did it.
389	Kenyatta	2013-04-17	I give it a 9 of 10.
I've yet to give an episode a 10 but this one came really close.
How much of a beast is Blackfish? He aim's at a target that's moving away from him at what looks like a good 200 yards (maybe more), but it's veering left AND the wind is blowing AND he knows he only has one shot left. Then to top things off he turns away and hands Edmure the bow before the target is struck. That's a man's man right there.
The Small Council scene was pure gold. Tyrion faking everyone out like he was going to take a seat and then moving it to the other head of the table as Tywin's equal AND his opposite was too good for words to do it justice.
Upon further review, I watched the Small Council scene again. When Baelish is talking about Lyssa Aryn being "positively predisposed toward me" check out the sign that Varys gives Tyrion. LOL!!!
					
					
							Edited by Kenyatta, 18 April 2013 - 01:38 AM.
390	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-18	Nope. Take it from one who has watched past this episode. It was exactly as it was said.(I find that part of the sequence so hatefully stupid that, yes, I'm going out of the way to spoil people's hopes that it all had some sort of clever plot purpose. It has none, it's just Podrick, World's Greatest Lover.)So it's also confirmed that it wasn't a case of Tyrion having already paid the whores before (the set up was obviously planned as the introduction was clearly staged) so he could fool Pod to think that he did really well and therefor help his very lacking confidence? That's in my opinion a far more likely conclusion to draw than that Pod was actually good (pretty much no one is the first time and whores always take money). It goes well in hand with how they act like they are surprised, which they would have to do in order to make the scam believable.I wouldn't believe the "Podrick, Worlds Greatest Lover" for a second before the above theory is very clearly debunked. For that matter I wouldn't believe it was a plot by Littlefinger or such either before the above theory since that makes less sense as well.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 April 2013 - 04:36 AM.
391	Ran	2013-04-18	It's confirmed.
392	Cas Stark	2013-04-18	It's confirmed.You don't think they might throw in some subterfuge where Tyrion had them refuse the money and reveal it in a later episode?  If not, I don't even know what to say, maybe they were all drunk at a party when they decided to put that dumb 7 minute scene in then if there isn't any subtext at all.  Gods be good.
393	Ran	2013-04-18	No. No subterfuge or anything. I understand that after the further confirmation of the facts as laid out in ep 3 in this week's upcoming episode, they apparently no longer refer to this business. It was just a joke they really wanted to do.
(In fact, thinking about it... I wonder if the confirmation wasn't also intended in episode 3, so it'd just be a one-off joke rather than a running joke that would go through more than one episode.)
394	Maxthestig	2013-04-18	Here is a link to our review.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ml5Xre-MuwwWhat I like is that it has moved on from Intros. And started to move the plot along. Such a MASSIVE event at the end and I am happy with the way to did it.Still can't look at locke and not see the guy from Tomb Raider!!!!!!!!!Oh And i forgot to say. The Scene with Tywin is just amazing. Such a powerplay!!!!!!
395	SeventySeven	2013-04-18	There has been no mention of Robb's plan to lure the Mountain West at all prior to this episode.Also Robb talking about "our country" in the West - what is he referring to?Robb's concern over losing men, but nobody mentions the 4000 soldiers he lost when he married Talisa.Jorah questioning Daenerys in front of Kraznys. Dany's arc last season (whilst badly written) at least led to Jorah realising that he can trust Daenerys because she knows what she's doing.Littlefinger thanking Tyrion for freeing Ros even though Tyrion was the reason Ros was arrested in the first place, and even though Tyrion was incapable of doing anything after the Battle of the Blackwater.Ramsay killing four of his own men.Mance sending a group of 20 to attack Castle Black.Two Lannister children being able to recognise Talisa as Robb's wife, despite no one in King's Landing even being aware of Robb's marriage yet. Or worse: if everyone in King's Landing is aware of Robb breaking his oath to the Freys, why is no one discussing it?Daenerys not freeing Missandei. It's inconsistent with her book characterisation and also the characterisation on the show (she freed her khalasar as soon as she could, and she's always had a strong anti-slavery stance).The lack of funds to pay for Unsullied. Dany could buy around 227 Unsullied if she sold the ship (that isn't hers to sell), her goods, and her Dothraki. So why did Jorah suggest buying Unsullied if Daenerys couldn't afford them?Melisandre getting on a boat and sailing away from Dragonstone without knowing where she has to go.The prostitutes not accepting Tyrion's money (the most likely solution is that Littlefinger arranged a free session to repay Tyrion... but again, this makes little sense; it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Littlefinger, and it's not in-line with the show's characterisation of Tyrion, who doesn't have any interest in saving money).Brienne being able to fight off her (attempted) rapists for the amount of time it took for Jaime to explain her value to Locke, and her rapists handing her back without a problem.I'm not sure I see the point of picking plot holes before the whole season has ended, as what it would appear as a plot hole might in fact make sense in context or be explained later on. Some of the things you mentioned could also be explained even now; for instance in the Brienne thing, Locke made a point of him "going first" and the other men would have her after him, so they weren't trying to rape her yet at that point, just beat her up. Or Ramsay killing his men, the guy is deranged, why is that surprising? Dany will probably free Missandei later on.Just give it time, also because you said you gave it an 8, so it can't be that bad /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
396	SummerSong	2013-04-18	It is sped up on purpose. I think that D&amp;D has done this smartly. Dany gets to be a BAMF this season, ending the Unsullied industry in Asatapor by episode 4 and possibly taking the other cities in Slaver's Bay by the end of this episode. Since she is extremely popular among TV viewers, it will be the only positive thing that keeps the viewers watching after the RW.Good point. This season's continued cruelty toward the Starks may alienate many Unsullied viewers, with Sansa's forced political marriage into the despised enemy Lannister family followed by the devastating RW. And Theon's arc is horrifically dark. I think the show runners are smart to inject humor throughout (Pod/Tyrion/Bronn  "We're going to need details. Copious details." lol), and give us plenty of dragons. Keep 'em coming back for more.
397	Eric Baratheon	2013-04-18	I give it a 3.
This season is beyond terrible for me, so far. The Theon arc story is missing every mark; They are making Stannis into an idiot; losing screen time for whores in kings landing? Yeah i know, titties are required in every GoT episode, but come on.
Average: Jaime and Brianne scenes (1 point)
Above average: Riverrun scenes (1 point)
Slightly Good: Dany's scenes in Astapor.(1 point)
Thats it.
					
					
							Edited by Eric Baratheon, 18 April 2013 - 10:18 AM.
398	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	I give it a 3.This season is beyond terrible for me, so far. The Theon ark story is missing every mark; They are making Stannis into an idiot; losing screen time for whores in kings landing? Yeah i know, titties are required in every GoT episode, but come on.Average: Jaime and Brianne scenes (1 point)Above average: Riverrun scenes (1 point)Slightly Good: Dany's scenes in Astapor.(1 point)Thats it.I don't really recall Theon building an ark but maybe I need to rewatch.
399	Timotheus	2013-04-18	They are making Stannis into an idiot; losing screen time for whores in kings landing?Sounds a lot like season 2 to me..
					
					
							Edited by Timotheus, 18 April 2013 - 09:41 AM.
400	Eric Baratheon	2013-04-18	I don't really recall Theon building an ark but maybe I need to rewatch.Sorry: english is not my first language. Yes, Theon building an "ark" would have been odd ;-)
					
					
							Edited by Eric Baratheon, 18 April 2013 - 10:19 AM.
401	Conchobar	2013-04-18	Watched this episode 6 times.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 18 April 2013 - 10:28 AM.
402	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	Sorry: english is not my first language. Yes, Theon building an "ark" would have been odd ;-)Well, he is iron born /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Also if you hate these episodes I can't imagine you enjoyed season 2 much, either. A 3/10 for me would be garbage TV and unwatchable so... It's not going to suddenly become super faithful to the book(s).
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 18 April 2013 - 10:30 AM.
403	KingStannis4thethrone	2013-04-18	I really enjoyed episode 3 and gave it 8 out of 10.
It was just as good as last weeks show but not enough yet to raise my vote to a 9 or 10.
There wasn't really any action apart from when Ramsay killed his own men to rescue Theon
but I enjoyed the humour in the Pod scene and small council meet when Tyrion was moving his chair
around the table and also the shocking miment when Jaime had his hand cut off even though we were
all expecting it and it was sad to say goodbye to Hot Pie who deicded to remain with the BwB's to bake bread!
404	Inceptor	2013-04-18	I was going to give  9,  but  the  hand+bear  = 10
405	Golden Dragon	2013-04-19	Solid 8/10 for me, my favourite episode of the season so far. The game of chairs has to be one of my favourite scenes from the entire show so far, and there were some genuinely funny moments that managed to be humerous without feeling out of place.
406	gordonah	2013-04-19	Another 8 from me.
I normally mark down for too much spurious nudity, but I thought the Pod scenes were good.
I read all the books after watching the 1st series, so this series is the first one where I've read the books but they're not fresh in my mind. I find this works quite well. For instance I enjoyed the Hot Pie farewell scene, without remembering quite how it played out in the book.
407	Jory's Shade	2013-04-19	I'd give it a 20 if I could.  I've been singing The Bear and the Maiden credits tune to myself all week.  This episode was off the chain.
408	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-04-23	Loved the episode (as usual) but some parts not quite as good as I'd like.  (Minor gripes really):Didn't like the Stanis lusting after Melisandre annoyed me.  Also Pod's scene seemed unnecessary and just a reason to include tits.  There were also a couple of other scenes I thought were fillers.Personally I liked Dany's scenes but think they should have been at the start of an episode that finished with her scenes from episode 4 - gave my non-book reading friends too much time to dwell on it and as a result they worked out pretty much what was going to happen. (Though was more awesome than they thought).Theon's arch is becoming pretty much my favourite, despite not being in ASOS, think the boy is playing his role well and my nbr friends are really confused - Alfie Allen might just be the best actor in the series in my opinion.The Riverrun Scenes were outstanding, yet I don't find myself interested in them for some reason.  I don't think the TV draws you towards the Starks quite as much as the books did with me.  The Blackfish is pretty awesome though.I did really love the small council scene though.Still despite my reservations above, this was still better to episodes 1 and 2 (which I also still loved).Of course, the episode is really made at the end... perfect ending, just as good as I'd imagined and having a version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair was genius!8/10
409	Joyful Union	2013-04-26	Nope. Take it from one who has watched past this episode. It was exactly as it was said.(I find that part of the sequence so hatefully stupid that, yes, I'm going out of the way to spoil people's hopes that it all had some sort of clever plot purpose. It has none, it's just Podrick, World's Greatest Lover.)You've only seen the first 4 episodes Ran, you cannot state with absolute certainty that it will not be revealed as a ploy by Tyrion later on.
410	Ran	2013-04-26	But I can.
411	Joyful Union	2013-04-28	But I can. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ok. How?
412	FaHaZe	2013-10-05	9

So many good scenes in this episode.
413	Damazama21	2014-04-04	A lot faster, and very exciting. I can feel it building up. 9/10
414	Ran	2013-04-14	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
415	WinterKing	2013-04-14	And now it begins...
416	Prince DragonFly	2013-04-14	do you guys discuss while it is airing or only after?
417	WinterKing	2013-04-14	It begins during the airing, but mostly after.
418	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-14	River run in the credits!!!
419	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-04-14	Love the Black fish already
					
					
							Edited by Jon-Michael Pearson, 14 April 2013 - 08:08 PM.
420	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	Nice!  wanted to see the arrows miss, though Robb laughing was a little misplaced.
421	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	Quick, to the point...well done.  Robb really being king.
422	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	I think they did a great job putting a strategic error on Edmure given the different storyline. But not killing the Mountain is not big potatoes - Robb's anger seems a bit overblown (if this was in reaction to the error in the book, it'd be spot on).
423	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	Is LF channeling Batman?  Seems to be speaking much more raspy than he had been.
424	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-14	The bear and the maiden fair!! Finally.
Brienne giving crap to Jaime is completely unacceptable though. She's supposed to be impressed.
Edit: gonna miss Hot Pie!!!
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 14 April 2013 - 08:18 PM.
425	ebevan91	2013-04-14	I get interrupted every time I try to watch Game of Thrones. It has yet to fail me. I missed the first 15 minutes or so, so I'll just watch the second airing.
426	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	Hot Pie /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
And finally a sighting of Lem Lemoncloak!
					
					
							Edited by WrathOfTinyKittens, 14 April 2013 - 08:19 PM.
427	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-04-14	Awful that Black fish was by his side and not Cat
428	House Martell	2013-04-14	Ugh, Robb was going to tell Edmure his plans if he had waited??? I hate how the show writers are "fixing" the characters faults.
429	WinterKing	2013-04-14	What was the point of the Arya scene?
430	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	interesting spiral pattern - different than the first season opener and the dragon birth.
431	Lady Gwynhyfvar	2013-04-14	Horse death spiral?
432	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	Did Sam find the Dragonglass in the last season? I wonder when they'll make Sam the Slayer if not ...
433	Crazeejezza	2013-04-14	Yeah he, Edd and Grenn found the Dragonglass last season.
434	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	Does it blow up Stannis character...no...but him admitting he wants her as more than a service to his kingship is weak.
435	Bayard	2013-04-14	Did Sam find the Dragonglass in the last season? I wonder when they'll make Sam the Slayer if not ...I think I saw in the synopsis that he meets an old man in episode 8.... so Coldhands /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />, probably he becomes a slayer before that.
436	WinterKing	2013-04-14	I like book Stannis,but I'd hate show Stannis.
437	LyannaStargaryen	2013-04-14	Does it blow up Stannis character...no...but him admitting he wants her as more than a service to his kingship is weak.I don't know, this is worse "character assassination" than the Catelyn scene last week.They're making Stannis a one dimensional, power crazed villain completely in the thrall of Melisandre.  In the books, while some readers may feel that way, its a more complicated, nuanced portrait.
					
					
							Edited by LyannaStargaryen, 14 April 2013 - 08:33 PM.
438	The Fury	2013-04-14	Wow, they ruined Stannis.
439	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	Rhaegar Died!   Would have loved the whole set up to that - it was a great paragraph but that was well done.
440	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	Not a fan of that scene between Dany and Missandei. But I think they're setting up that scene well.
441	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	I don't know, this is worse "character assassination" than the Catelyn scene last week.They're making Stannis a one dimensional, power crazed villain completely in the thrall of Melisandre.  In the books, while some readers may feel that way, its a more complicated, nuanced portrait.I don't disagree, but was just talking about the once scene.  Adding up everything they have done...well, it is a very different person than what we were given to expect.Similar to how Davos was arrested - not because she saw him attempting to kill her, but because he draws a knife on her.
442	WinterKing	2013-04-14	He deserves it,but poor Theon!
443	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-04-14	I like the theon scenes but way different than the book,
444	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	Minor criticism but how were the Bolton men's horses so much faster than Theon's? And I'm sorry but being hit by a morningstar with the combined momentum of two horses would destroy you, not simply knock you off your horse.
445	Greywolf2375	2013-04-14	Jaime screamed.great way to end the episode.
446	Malgarroth	2013-04-14	Holy shit they cut his hand off already!
447	The Fury	2013-04-14	The greatest version of The Bear and Maiden Fair ever?
448	ebcarlton	2013-04-14	Oh my God, I knew it was coming, I knew it was coming and I yelled when it did!  JAIME!!!
449	Jolene Brown	2013-04-14	I can't even watch the episode yet but just reading those words (Jaime screamed) makes me feel slightly sick.  Even knowing it's coming, acted out with a 3-D person has made me full of dread all day (honestly, longer than that, really)... which is all to say I can't believe how deep of a connection I feel to this totally made-up character.  It's like it's truly "real" once it's acted out physically.  Weird, I know.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 14 April 2013 - 08:57 PM.
450	Newstar	2013-04-14	Sapphires! Yes!
<U+0080><U+009C>Rhaegar fought nobly. Rhaegar fought valiantly. And Rhaegar died<U+0080><U+009D> made it in. Yessssssss.
Blackfish was awesome. A++++.
Arya and Hot Pie with the bread wolf? So cute. So freaking cute. As was Gendry awkwardly clapping Hot Pie in the shoulder.
"The Bear and the Maiden Fair" cracked me up both times.. The first time it made me laugh because the Bolton men were such improbably good singers. The second time it made me laugh was that punk rock version played right after Jaime Lannister lost his hand. It was such a random juxtaposition that it was weirdly hilarious.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 14 April 2013 - 09:00 PM.
451	winterstood	2013-04-14	GREAT fucking episode - from beginning to end! I loved every minute of it!!!!
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 14 April 2013 - 08:58 PM.
452	Howdyphillip	2013-04-14	The Merenese knot comment had my laughing more than anything this series has ever done. Great scene with Pod, Tyrion, and Bronn. I know there are some that don't like the sex in the series, but I thought that it was well done tonight.
453	JoeJoe	2013-04-14	daddy ain't here!!!!!!!
454	House Martell	2013-04-14	Didn't like how they handled Robb/Edmure and yeah Stannis begging to get under Mels skirt was awkward but overall good episode, good set up for things to come.
455	Mark Antony	2013-04-14	Ending was awesome, Loved the Bear and the Maiden fair. Definitely better than last weeks episode. Only scenes i didnt really like were the Podrick ones.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 14 April 2013 - 09:01 PM.
456	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	Wow great last scene. Nicolaj Coster-Waldau has really nailed the character, a great performance in every episode and pretty much exactly how I pictured the character.
457	Mark Antony	2013-04-14	edit: double post
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 14 April 2013 - 09:00 PM.
458	Rayn	2013-04-14	I think they completely fucked up on casting Edmure, they make him seem so so so stupid when he isn't actually dumb in the books, just naive. What was with the credits music? Even though the episode is over it really disrupts the moment of Jaime.
459	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	The Merenese knot comment had my laughing more than anything this series has ever done. Great scene with Pod, Tyrion, and Bronn. I know there are some that don't like the sex in the series, but I thought that it was well done tonight.My personal favorite was 'Lord Twat-beard.'  New favorite name for Littlefinger.This episode was really great, and I'm so glad they kept many of the book scenes in and even with much of the same dialogue.  I just keep getting more and more excited for the end of the season, because they're doing a fine job.The ending scene was, of course, shocking and traumatic and amazing but I didn't like it in juxtaposition to the rock A Bear and Maiden Fair closing.
460	Leo de Salto	2013-04-14	WTF with that version of the bear and the maiden fair?
It seems like the end of a jackass movie :S
461	Lady Gwynhyfvar	2013-04-14	The greatest version of The Bear and Maiden Fair ever?The Hold Steady, should be available by the end of the week (4/20)http://winteriscomin...n-fair-to-life/
					
					
							Edited by Lady Gwynhyfvar, 14 April 2013 - 09:04 PM.
462	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	I think they completely fucked up on casting Edmure, they make him seem so so so stupid when he isn't actually dumb in the books, just naive. What was with the credits music? Even though the episode is over it really disrupts the moment of Jaime.It would have been awkward to me if Locke's men had not sung it earlier in the episode. I can understand why it felt weird to some. It was ok to me, but I would have preferred something different.
					
					
							Edited by Tom son of Tom, 14 April 2013 - 09:04 PM.
463	mafalda	2013-04-14	Lol @ The Bear and the Maiden Fair being turned into a rock song!
How did I NOT see what "The walk of punishment" referred to?! When I saw that it was a total DUH moment for me.
Was Missandei not weirded out that Dany understood what Valar morghulis meant?
Lord Hoster's funeral was just what I imagined!
It was sad saying goodbye to Hot Pie /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I was for sure this episode would be Ramsay's big reveal! Maybe other people were right when they said DD will let "Boy" stretch on to the RW.
Pod losing his virginity.. something they really didn't need to include. Strange that they did.
I knew Jaime losing his hand would be the final scene and it was brilliantly done!
Looking forward to next week when Dany tricks Kraznys, we see more QoT, and the betrayal at Craster's Keep. Great episode tonight!
464	nara	2013-04-14	I like the way they're developing the Theon story since all of that was off-camera in the books.
Brienne/Jaime scenes were great.  I miss Thaphhireth, but would not work in a show.
I thought the Small Council chair activity was funny, but I doubt Tywin would have so much patience!
Looks like Kartstark will kill the young Lannisters after all.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  But it's good that they're keeping that story on track.
465	mafalda	2013-04-14	Oh and that scene with the rearranging of the chairs was hilarious!
466	pav	2013-04-14	I loved Theon in this episode. I'm kind of confused about what they are doing with him though, plotwise. Anyone care to enlighten me?
467	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	Didn't like how they handled Robb/Edmure and yeah Stannis begging to get under Mels skirt was awkward but overall good episode, good set up for things to come.I thought Richard Madden was brilliant in that scene.
468	Pinzjoe	2013-04-14	Obviously, that guy that is helping Theon has to be Ramsey, right? The guy called him a bastard when he killed him.
469	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	Oh and that scene with the rearranging of the chairs was hilarious!Oh, how could I forget that scene!? With absolutely no dialogue I was laughing so hard!
470	Prince DragonFly	2013-04-14	I loved the mention of the whore being able to do a merenesse knot! what a nod to book readers. Overall i thought it was a great episode. The scene with Craster was awesome. It was like a nod to us who read the Heretic thread. 
The scene with Pod, Bronn, and Tyrion was hilarious. Nice to have some light hearted scenes and not have everything be so bleek.
Last week everyone was complaining and making a stink about how they should have made it more clear that Jamie was at a severe disadvantage when fighting Brienne and that she made him look like a chump. I think they cleared that up pretty well.
I think it sucks that we do not have Vargo Hoat and that the man who has Jamie prisoner is just an unknown Bolton bannerman. Makes no sense that a Westerosi noble would cut off his hand really considering Jamie's worth from a ransom and his worth to Robb and Roose. Vargo Hoat at least was a savage who didn't care.
I thought the introduction to the Blackfish and Edmure stayed true to the essence of the books despite the obvious plot difference.
I think it is obvious that Karstark will kill the Lannister boys, or else why show them?
The next episode is going to be epic. We will get Dany's dracarys, the NW mutiny, and much much more. The exposition and set up is finally over with this episode! The stage is set!
471	Newstar	2013-04-14	Looking forward to all the silly hand puns in TV critics' reviews of this episode, by the way.
The wordless rearranging of the chairs was so funny: Cersei dragging her chair to the other side of the table, and Tyrion moving his chair to sit opposite Tywin.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 14 April 2013 - 09:06 PM.
472	Trebla	2013-04-14	WOW....showrunners put the Meereenese knot in. What a great easter egg!
Very good episode, definitely the best in this young season. The Blackfish was suitably baddass and Edmure dull-witted. Lulz over Pod. Well-endowed. he??? And that last scene. wow. You have to wonder how far along those rapers got with Brienne. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> And even though I knew it was coming, Jaime's end was great/awful.
473	Mya Stone	2013-04-14	I watch with my non book reader sister and her just reading book one now boyfriend, and they both kind of cheered when Jaime got his hand cut off saying he got what he deserved, whereas I was like "NOOOOOOOOOOOO." 
Watching it happen is so different than reading it. I think my imagination played it down.
474	Frumpus	2013-04-14	I loved Theon in this episode. I'm kind of confused about what they are doing with him though, plotwise. Anyone care to enlighten me?Ramsay is just going to mess with him all season basically.
475	Malgarroth	2013-04-14	I just loved the look on Jaime's face as it happened, the way he didn't realize what had happened at first and then the realization, the emotions playing on his face. So much good acting occurring in an instant. It was heartbreaking to watch but brilliant. At this point I honestly do not believe that anybody else could have played Jaime.
476	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-14	I need that recorded version of "Bear and the Maiden Fair" in my life.
I liked that they threw Pod a bone -- no pun intended. It was a good moment, as the show is playing up the Tyrion/Pod/Bronn team...plus, we need these moments since the season is going to get much darker in the coming episodes. Might as well capitalize while you can. Moreover, Pod is going to become more important, so might as well try and develop a rapport between the character and the viewers now.
I find that Jon's arc is the one weighing down the early season so far, whereas last season it was Dany. At least we know Jon's arc should pick up steam soon...but, I also felt that way last season with Dany.
Gwen had her best episode of the series tonight. Good stuff. I found her to be too wooden last season, but she's really showing her chops this season.
The musical Council chairs scene was beyond epic.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 14 April 2013 - 09:09 PM.
477	winterstood	2013-04-14	Was Missandei not weirded out that Dany understood what Valar morghulis meant?Valar Morghulis/Valar Dohaeris are common expressions in the free cities - and even though it would be a foreign language to a Westerosi - it would be the equivalent of telling an american, "C'est la vie" - he or she may not speak french but they would know what that phrase meant.
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 14 April 2013 - 09:09 PM.
478	KingSlayerofCape	2013-04-14	HEARTBREAKING ENDING. Glad to finally see Jaime begin his transformation. Best character.
479	winterstood	2013-04-14	I just loved the look on Jaime's face as it happened, the way he didn't realize what had happened at first and then the realization, the emotions playing on his face. So much good acting occurring in an instant. It was heartbreaking to watch but brilliant. At this point I honestly do not believe that anybody else could have played Jaime.I am such a Nikolaj-Coster Waldau fan because of GOT - you HAVE. NO. IDEA! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
480	Trebla	2013-04-14	LOL...Twitter is blowing up with Jaime's hand jokes.
481	KingSlayerofCape	2013-04-14	I am such a Nikolaj-Coster Waldau fan because of GOT - you HAVE. NO. IDEA! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Probably the best casting job Ive ever seen. He is absolutely brilliant. No one could even come close to him. Pure genius.
482	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	I just loved the look on Jaime's face as it happened, the way he didn't realize what had happened at first and then the realization, the emotions playing on his face. So much good acting occurring in an instant. It was heartbreaking to watch but brilliant. At this point I honestly do not believe that anybody else could have played Jaime.Yeah, there was moment before he started screaming when he was just looking at his hand and then the realization.  It was a subtle thing, but really nicely done.
483	congokong	2013-04-14	From a purist standpoint I wasn't happy as usual. I continue to wish Theon would just disappear for 2 seasons. The Podrick scenes were IMO a waste of time. Too much sex talk. And I can't picture Stannis behaving the way he did with anyone.
Positives: The last scene was great. Even though I think they should stick to the books whenever they can, I feel they did indeed improve on the source material in that last scene.
484	Uldan	2013-04-14	I might be alone in this but I feel that while Stannis comes off super weak, Mel straight out tells him he is being weak by saying your fires burn low. I think it's a pretty normal and human reaction to such a crushing defeat. While it's not totally true to his character progression through the novels, I still have faith we'll see the hard ass Stannis that many of us love.
485	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	What did the walk of punishment represent? I'm confused :-S
486	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-04-14	Wow! That final scene was amazing! So much goodness in this episode. I really didn't mind how they made Blackfish seem kinds of like an asshole and Edmure kind of a fool. Love how they're handling teh Ramsay/Theon stuff. Cant wait for the payoff there. Also it seems like theyre really making up for how shabbily they handled Dany last season. Love love love it!
487	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	One thing I didn't understand, that little Talisa scene with the Lannister hostages...are they truthfully setting her up as a spy?
488	billy g.	2013-04-14	I was hoping to see three slugs sizzle in the pan. And Stannis left Balon Greyjoy out (mentioned Joffrey and Robb). I guess he isn't important to Stannis, yet?
489	Trebla	2013-04-14	What did the walk of punishment represent? I'm confused :-S It's what they called the area where the slaves were crucified.
490	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	Right, but mafalda made a comment on the previous page about getting what it represented. I just didn't know if there was some reference that I didn't get.
491	Fez	2013-04-14	So good.  So goddamn good. 10/10.  And so funny, I was laughing almost the entire time it seemed.  
The thing is though, the first two episodes weren't nearly as good.  If GoT can be this good, why isn't it always at least nearly this good?  This episode is proof that's its possible to balance all the different plotlines without seeming jumpy or giving anyone a shortshrift.  The Jon story maybe, but, much as I loved that one in the books, that one isn't nearly as interesting in the show; and hasn't been through the entire series.  But yeah, I heart this episode this episode so much.
Even if I was drinking brandy (yeah, and?) throughout.
492	Hornblowa	2013-04-14	Minor criticism but how were the Bolton men's horses so much faster than Theon's? And I'm sorry but being hit by a morningstar with the combined momentum of two horses would destroy you, not simply knock you off your horse.I don't think he was actually hit by the morningstar, the way I saw it he jumped/fell off of his horse before he was struck.
493	jmk51	2013-04-14	By far the funniest episode so far.
494	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-14	The ending was True Blood-esque. You had the "OH SHIT" moment, and then the knee-slapping song. What an emotional roller coaster.
495	Mark Antony	2013-04-14	One thing I didn't understand, that little Talisa scene with the Lannister hostages...are they truthfully setting her up as a spy?I think they just wanted to show how young the captives were before Karstark kills them.
496	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	One thing I didn't understand, that little Talisa scene with the Lannister hostages...are they truthfully setting her up as a spy?I think that scene was more about the showing the innocence of the Lannister hostages.
	Spoiler before Karstark kills them

					
					
							Edited by Tom son of Tom, 14 April 2013 - 09:22 PM.
497	go joff go	2013-04-14	Man I could not stop laughing when Ramsey said Winter is coming.  They are really screwing with the show watchers.  I can't wait to see the TWOP guys dissect the Theon stuff this week.
498	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-14	lol at the mereenese knot line.
499	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	Bronn is absolutely every fan who can't remember character's names.  First "Ser Trayn Mant" now "Lord Twat-Beard"
500	Frumpus	2013-04-14	Burn Gorman apparently showed up in this episode since his name was in the credits (I didn't notice him at all, I'll have to rewatch). It seems odd to me that he's playing a glorified extra in the night's watch when he's a well established actor. Anyone have any ideas who his character might possibly be if he has one?
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 14 April 2013 - 09:22 PM.
501	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	Actually seeing the Lannister boys and seeing just how boyish and innocent they are rather than just hearing about it in the books is going to really hammer it home just how awful a deed Karstark is going to do.
502	SelaBela	2013-04-14	I LOVED THIS EPISODE! Hot PIe and the wolf-pasty was amazing, I was all "awww"! Watched with my non-reading boyfriend, he really enjoyed the episode as well! He was like "poor Jaime, just saved Brienne with the sapphires thing.. poor guy"! (+ boyfriend points).  I was laughing so hard when Pod came back and the whores had refused his gold! "Copious. Details." haha! I'm really enjoying the scenes that aren't in the book, surprisingly.  Loved the Meerenese Knot easter egg, and my bf did not understand why I giggled at that. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  So happy.  Such a great episode.  Little confused by whats going on with Theon, I mean, I thought for sure it was the Bastard who swung the morningstar. Alfie Allen has a cute little ass.
503	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2013-04-14	Burn Gorman apparently showed up in this episode since his name was in the credits (I didn't notice him at all, I'll have to rewatch). It seems odd to me that he's playing a glorified extra in the night's watch when he's a well established actor. Anyone have any ideas who his character might possibly be if he has one?Maybe it will be more evident during/after the betrayal at Craster's? Or maybe he's going to be Coldhands?
504	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-14	Wonder what's gonna piss Karstark off so bad that he kills the lannister hostages. Can't remember if he has kids in this show or not.
505	SelaBela	2013-04-14	Ew I thought the Bear and the Maiden Fair at the end was awful, by the way.  I hated the rendition during the show as well, seemed very out of place in that setting.  My only complaint about this episode is the song playing in the credits, good episode! Har!
506	Blaer Dayle	2013-04-14	Loved the Chair scene, found it hilarious. I liked most of the stuff in King's Landing, but I felt the Pod stuff was unnecessary, slowed the plot, and wasted time that could have been used somewhere else. Liked the reference to the Mereneese knot though and the establishment of the Iron Bank.
Arya and hot Pie was so cute, and sad to see him go. Loved Arya confronting the Hound and him just brushing her off
I liked that they kept Edmure missing with the arrows, but otherwise I don't like that they've made him completely incompetent. However the Blackfish is amazing.
I get the feeling that Sam the Slayer may never happen, and even if it does who will believe him.
Dany scenes were good, especially the bargaining scene, I loved how Barristan and Jorah were so distraught about the dragon, I remember feeling that way the first time I read it. I'm wondering whether they'll keep her being able to understand the trader in, since they still haven't made mention of it. I loved that they kept the line that Rhaegar was honourable, he was true, and he died. One of the best lines from the books.
Ramsay is really just messing Theon up... I love it as we're gonna see Theon just completely decimated mentally.
I like how they're bringing Jaime around to become somewhat redeemed by protecting Brienne as best he can, although I doubt show watchers will ever come to like him as much as book readers have.
The Bear and the Maiden Fair was amazing when the Bolton's sang it, although I wasn't really a fan of the Punk version.
My favourite part was when Jaime's hand was cut off he looked at it as though he didn't realize for half a second, then shock and disbelief then just utter pain, played perfectly by Nikolaj.
					
					
							Edited by Blair Dale, 14 April 2013 - 09:31 PM.
507	mafalda	2013-04-14	Right, but mafalda made a comment on the previous page about getting what it represented. I just didn't know if there was some reference that I didn't get.Sorry! I guess I should have clarified it for other people who were confused with me. The Walk of Punishment is the area where slaves are punished in Astapor.. When Dany was walking with Jorah and Barristan, one of them says something about the walk of punishment then gestures to the row of whipped slaves. There was an entire board here with posters guessing at what the title of the episode meant prior to airing.
508	billy g.	2013-04-14	Wonder what's gonna piss Karstark off so bad that he kills the lannister hostages. Can't remember if he has kids in this show or not.His kids were killed in season 2 - Whispering Woods battle.
509	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	Wonder what's gonna piss Karstark off so bad that he kills the lannister hostages. Can't remember if he has kids in this show or not.His son was killed by Jamie during his first escape attempt, and he's been shown fuming and wanting revenge for his sons - the plural being one that was killed in battle I suppose, perhaps by Jaimie again.
510	Tewks44	2013-04-14	They took a risk with slapping the viewer in the face with that credit song, but I LOVED IT.
511	billy g.	2013-04-14	Ew I thought the Bear and the Maiden Fair at the end was awful, by the way.  I hated the rendition during the show as well, seemed very out of place in that setting.  My only complaint about this episode is the song playing in the credits, good episode! Har!Yeah,I can't imagine Butterbumps singing that! lol
512	mafalda	2013-04-14	Loved the Chair scene, found it hilarious. I liked most of the stuff in King's Landing, but I felt the Pod stuff was unnecessary, slowed the plot, and wasted time that could have been used somewhere else. Liked the reference to the Mereneese knot though and the establishment of the Iron Bank.Arya and hot Pie was so cute, and sad to see him go. Loved Arya confronting the Hound and him just brushing her offI liked that they kept Edmure missing with the arrows, but otherwise I don't like that they've made him completely incompetent. However the Blackfish is amazing.Dany scenes were good, especially the bargaining scene, I loved how Barristan and Jorah were so distraught about the dragon, I remember feeling that way the first time I read it. I'm wondering whether they'll keep her being able to understand the trader in, since they still haven't made mention of it. I loved that they kept the line that Rhaegar was honourable, he was true, and he died. One of the best lines from the books.Ramsay is really just messing Theon up... I love it as we're gonna see Theon just completely decimated mentally.I like how they're bringing Jaime around to become somewhat redeemed by protecting Brienne as best he can, although I doubt show watchers will ever come to like him as much as book readers have.The Bear and the Maiden Fair was amazing when the Bolton's sang it, although I wasn't really a fan of the Punk version.My favourite part was when Jaime's hand was cut off he looked at it as though he didn't realize for half a second, then shock and disbelief then just utter pain, played perfectly by Nikolaj.I was wondering WHAT was Arya talking about when she said to the Hound "Do you remember the last time you were here?". After reading this I remembered she does not stop talking to him about what he did to Micah from Season 1!I was like "What?! When has Arya seen the Hound outside of the castle?!"I'm posting way too much, but this episode was really good!
513	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-14	His son was killed by Jamie during his first escape attempt, and he's been shown fuming and wanting revenge for his sons - the plural being one that was killed in battle I suppose, perhaps by Jaimie again.Ah yeah forgot about that. I just remember Jaime killing his cousin.
514	pav	2013-04-14	I was wondering WHAT was Arya talking about when she said to the Hound "Do you remember the last time you were here?". After reading this I remembered she does not stop talking to him about what he did to Micah from Season 1!This was me exactly. I was so confused what she was babbling about and then I remembered. I appreciate the continuity there.
515	BericDondarrion	2013-04-14	Lets all give Jaime a hand for getting Brienne out of a "sticky" situation!
Loving Locke, he's Vargo but not a lisping idiot. I really wanted Ramsay to reveal this week , it'll probably be a 3-4 episode arc before he does.
516	WrathOfTinyKittens	2013-04-14	Thanks mafalda! I actually didn't realize that the episode name was Walk of Punishment, heh
517	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	Burn Gorman apparently showed up in this episode since his name was in the credits (I didn't notice him at all, I'll have to rewatch). It seems odd to me that he's playing a glorified extra in the night's watch when he's a well established actor. Anyone have any ideas who his character might possibly be if he has one?I don't know who that is. But after a google search and seeing his image, he is indeed in this episode. We catch  glimpses of him when the NW meet Craster outside, and when he looks up at one of Craster's wives
					
					
							Edited by Tom son of Tom, 14 April 2013 - 09:38 PM.
518	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	This was me exactly. I was so confused what she was babbling about and then I remembered. I appreciate the continuity there.Arya's like an elephant.  SHE DOES NOT FORGET.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
519	mafalda	2013-04-14	Thanks mafalda! I actually didn't realize that the episode name was Walk of Punishment, hehYou're welcome, Wrath!
520	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	Lets all give Jaime a hand for getting Brienne out of a "sticky" situation!Loving Locke, he's Vargo but not a lisping idiot. I really wanted Ramsay to reveal this week , it'll probably be a 3-4 episode arc before he does.Yeah.  At one point I was wondering how they were going to include Vargo Hoat without him looking like a completely friggin' stupid character.Problem solved.  Replace him with... well... a less completely friggin' stupid character.Not that the guy didn't have his charm, mind you (I mean literary charm, obviously, not that I think I need to clarify).  But I'm liking Locke as a TV character.
521	billy g.	2013-04-14	Dany scenes were good, especially the bargaining scene, I loved how Barristan and Jorah were so distraught about the dragon, I remember feeling that way the first time I read it. I'm wondering whether they'll keep her being able to understand the trader in, since they still haven't made mention of it. I loved that they kept the line that Rhaegar was honourable, he was true, and he died. One of the best lines from the books.Hey, I just ironically read that chapter on Saturday. It turns out Kraznys is speaking a Ghiscari corrupted form of Valyrian. And Dany knows High Valyrian, but makes out like she doesn't know it at all. It gives one a nice hint why she "gave" the Dragon to Astapor. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
522	TripleOZero	2013-04-14	Sorry! I guess I should have clarified it for other people who were confused with me. The Walk of Punishment is the area where slaves are punished in Astapor.. When Dany was walking with Jorah and Barristan, one of them says something about the walk of punishment then gestures to the row of whipped slaves. There was an entire board here with posters guessing at what the title of the episode meant prior to airing.Nearly every episode has a hidden meaning in its title, one obvious, the other not so much. The Walk of Punishment (as mentioned in the episode) was the area where the slaves were displayed. But the small walk of punishment that Jaime took at the end of the episode will surely be the one most remembered.
					
					
							Edited by TripleOZero, 15 April 2013 - 07:53 AM.
523	mafalda	2013-04-14	Oh and loved the addition of Riverrun in the opening credits!
524	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	Soooo.....
Basically Locke chops Jaimie's hand during a fit of jealous rage, feeling inadequate next to Jamie's fancy words, and riches, and looks, etc. - and probably without fully thinking out the consequences before he did it?
I mean, he just ordered Brienne to be left unharmed in order to preserve her value as a swap, so why else would he turn around and harm Jamie, an even more valuable prisoner?
525	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-14	Good action-packed episode. My bookreader knitpicks:
-I keep waiting for Sam the Slayer. When he went outside at Craster's, I thought for sure it was going to happen.
-Pod is a child in the books and is totes adorbs (Ser? My Lady?) Pod getting laid squicked me out a bit.
- "I should have been there." Well, take heart Cat, you were there in the books.
I know the Robb/Edmure strategy stuff wasn't the same as the books, but I felt like it still held to the same basic plot. Hot Pie was cute. Does he still not realize Arya's a girl? He said "brother of a king".
Not bothered really by the Stannis/Mel changes. He does sleep with Mel for recreational purposes in the books, so him wanting her is not out of character. He is kind of crazydesperate after Blackwater. I have no idea how the Gendry changes affects all this, interested to find out.
Jaime hand chopping - OMG. I was expecting to be more emotional, but it happened so quickly. Jaime screamed. Wow. Great acting by NCW. Also when Jaime tells Brienne to steel herself for the impending rape. That's when Jaime starts caring about her.
Kind of hoping Jon's storyline picks up soon. It's dragging.
526	go joff go	2013-04-14	I think they have suggested Dany Knows valyrian, she understood the slave and valar morghalis
527	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	I thought it was also a bit of a nod to the book readers (and perhaps this forum?) that Hotipie's farewell was given WAY too much focus and emotional resonance.
528	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	Soooo.....Basically Locke chops Jaimie's hand during a fit of jealous rage, feeling inadequate next to Jamie's fancy words, and riches, and looks, etc. - and probably without fully thinking out the consequences before he did it?I mean, he just ordered Brienne to be left unharmed in order to preserve her value as a swap, so why else would he turn around and harm Jamie, an even more valuable prisoner?It does lack some logic, but a medieval woman's virginity was big deal.  It isn't as if nobody will ransom the kingslayer back if he only has one hand.
529	Sxxman	2013-04-14	Soooo.....Basically Locke chops Jaimie's hand during a fit of jealous rage, feeling inadequate next to Jamie's fancy words, and riches, and looks, etc. - and probably without fully thinking out the consequences before he did it?I mean, he just ordered Brienne to be left unharmed in order to preserve her value as a swap, so why else would he turn around and harm Jamie, an even more valuable prisoner?I think you just answered your own question
530	houseHB	2013-04-14	Loved the episode. The credits at the end sort of ruined the Jaime scene. I would rather have preferred that they show Jaime getting his hand chopped off like they did then fade to black and then have Jaime scream. Also, I would have used a sadder tone for the bear and the maiden fair at the end credits not that rock version I felt that was a weird and out of place. The rock version would have been a better fit at perhaps the end of episode seven?
531	Trebla	2013-04-14	So much happened in this episode, almost forgot: It seems likely that Mel is off seeking Kingsblood which would make Gendry the likely source. I like it. Edric Storm isn't that important character that he can't be combined with Gendry. And it keeps Gendry around which is good because I like the actor.
532	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	It does lack some logic, but a medieval woman's virginity was big deal.  It isn't as if nobody will ransom the kingslayer back if he only has one hand.Precisely.  To Tywin, at least, Jaime wouldn't really be worth any less, even though it's perhaps not the smartest strategic move Locke could have made.OTOH, in context, given the culture, if you kidnap a woman and take her virginity, you probably won't get her weight in horse manure for her, much less sapphires.It's not nice, but that's kinda how it was.
533	Zman1863	2013-04-14	Soooo.....Basically Locke chops Jaimie's hand during a fit of jealous rage, feeling inadequate next to Jamie's fancy words, and riches, and looks, etc. - and probably without fully thinking out the consequences before he did it?I mean, he just ordered Brienne to be left unharmed in order to preserve her value as a swap, so why else would he turn around and harm Jamie, an even more valuable prisoner?If I recall from the books, the goat planned to use Jaime's hand as a token to get Tywin to ransom Jaime. Perhaps they will work that in. But it's still difficult to do that since Locke is more solidly Roose's creature than Hoat ever was.
534	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	Soooo.....Basically Locke chops Jaimie's hand during a fit of jealous rage, feeling inadequate next to Jamie's fancy words, and riches, and looks, etc. - and probably without fully thinking out the consequences before he did it?I mean, he just ordered Brienne to be left unharmed in order to preserve her value as a swap, so why else would he turn around and harm Jamie, an even more valuable prisoner?I don't think Locke expects that it will most likely be Roose who takes revenge for Jaime's hand.
535	Carey Snow	2013-04-14	It does lack some logic, but a medieval woman's virginity was big deal.  It isn't as if nobody will ransom the kingslayer back if he only has one hand.Exactly.... Tywin would pay the same for a one handed jaime or two handed. Of course, there is no evidence that Locke is looking to ransom Jaime to his father at this point. I think Locke is about to go on a power trip, much as Vargo did in the books.
536	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-14	Put me down as not being a fan of the jump to the punk rock Bear and the Maiden Fair at the end. I knew they were going to use that, but I thought it would be in the ep with that title. It was too jarring after Jaime's scene.
Besides, this is my preferred version: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=t6VMSYIXCCY
537	JonDunn	2013-04-14	Why the HELL do so many of you idiots think that Stannis just wanted to fuck Mel for the hell of it?  it was clearly obvious that he wanted to produce another Shadowbaby to take out another enemy.  Hence her telling him that he grew weak, and there was another way.
He flat out says that he wants Robb and Joffrey dead.
Some of you need to please pay more attention before coming with this THEY RUINED THE CHARACTERZZZZ stuff
538	Trebla	2013-04-14	Why the HELL do so many of you idiots think that Stannis just wanted to fuck Mel for the hell of it?  it was clearly obvious that he wanted to produce another Shadowbaby to take out another enemy.  Hence her telling him that he grew weak, and there was another way.He flat out says that he wants Robb and Joffrey dead.Some of you need to please pay more attention before coming with this THEY RUINED THE CHARACTERZZZZ stuff [mod] Let's take it easy. No need for name calling.{/mod]
539	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	Locke is very loyal to Roose, but he is a bit wild I think. Something about Jaime mentioning his father, wealth, etc really struck a bad note with Locke causing him to take his hand. I think Roose will end up killing him for this.
540	I do not sew	2013-04-14	Soooo.....Basically Locke chops Jaimie's hand during a fit of jealous rage, feeling inadequate next to Jamie's fancy words, and riches, and looks, etc. - and probably without fully thinking out the consequences before he did it?I mean, he just ordered Brienne to be left unharmed in order to preserve her value as a swap, so why else would he turn around and harm Jamie, an even more valuable prisoner?Hoat does the exact same thing in the books. It's just the character. Take it up with Martin.I don't want to like that Bear/Maiden segway, as it's just so out of place and awkward, but because it's so awkward and whacky it somehow love it.
541	JonDunn	2013-04-14	Yeah, most nonreaders loved the transition to the credits from what I can tell online
542	ebevan91	2013-04-14	Yeah, most nonreaders loved the transition to the credits from what I can tell onlineThe people over at TWoP seemed to hate it though. So did I.
543	Cas Stark	2013-04-14	The people over at TWoP seemed to hate it though. So did I.Count me in as a hater.  I will be really disappointed if they start ending the show with modern songs.
544	JonDunn	2013-04-14	AVClub loved it.  Even the experts thread.
I think it was an interesting choice.  Most of the episode was very lighthearted for a GOT episode, very comedic, and then it ended in a completely dark moment.  Then the  fast cut to the punk rock theme just oddly worked for me, but I can get why others may have been taken out of the moment.
overall though I just don't think it's that big of a deal, they still completely nailed the actual scene.
					
					
							Edited by JonDunn, 14 April 2013 - 10:06 PM.
545	JonDunn	2013-04-14	'His screams to close the episode end up making for one of the best cut-to-credits in recent memory, particularly when accompanied by the raucous rendition of <U+0080><U+009C>The Bear And The Maiden Fair<U+0080><U+009D> by The Hold Steady.'From the AVC review.  But this is a definitely a controversial choice.
546	Oakenfist	2013-04-14	Can there be a separate thread for the complainers and whiners?
547	Mormont'sRaven	2013-04-14	Cutting to an up-beat rock song RUINED the entire moment, for me at least. The gravity of what just happened is totally ruined. It's like when they ended the movie Being There w/a blooper real. Ruins everything.
548	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-14	Last week I didn't think I'd like not-Vargo.  But now I do.  So I'm going to take the not away from his name and just call him Vargo.  Since I can't even recall him being called Locke.  Vargo it is.
Nice to see Pod getting some, maybe this will change the relationship between him and Brienne in future seasons
549	Zman1863	2013-04-14	Cutting to an up-beat rock song RUINED the entire moment, for me at least. The gravity of what just happened is totally ruined. It's like when they ended the movie Being There w/a blooper real. Ruins everything.For me Jaime's losing his hand is only a moment of gravity in retrospect. I think generally speaking the first timer still does not root for Jaime before he loses his hand. Its the turning point for him.
					
					
							Edited by Zman1863, 14 April 2013 - 10:16 PM.
550	dtones520	2013-04-14	Based on interviews I have seen with David and Dan, I don't think either one of them are big Stannis fans and that more than likely influences their portrayal of him on the show. That happens in adaptations, sadly. Especially as a Stannis fan.
551	Buzzard16	2013-04-14	Burn Gorman apparently showed up in this episode since his name was in the credits (I didn't notice him at all, I'll have to rewatch). It seems odd to me that he's playing a glorified extra in the night's watch when he's a well established actor. Anyone have any ideas who his character might possibly be if he has one?He was the crow staring at Crasters woman.
552	Dank Jedi	2013-04-14	And now it begins..."No," Ned said with sadness in his voice.  "Now it ends."Sorry for the random off topic, but that is in my Top 5 quotes from the books.
553	dtones520	2013-04-14	Cutting to an up-beat rock song RUINED the entire moment, for me at least. The gravity of what just happened is totally ruined. It's like when they ended the movie Being There w/a blooper real. Ruins everything.You realize that most people that aren't book readers are probably cheering like crazy right now thinking Jaime got what he deserved. As did the majority of book readers before we got to see new Jaime. So cutting to that song is quite appropriate for the circumstances at hand. People who are Team Stark have been waiting for something to cheer about, Jaime losing his hand is one of the few cheers they are going to get for a while.
554	Cynthia Snow	2013-04-14	"I should have been there." Well, take heart Cat, you were there in the books.I laughed out loud when I read this /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />For the first time, I really liked Talisa in this episode!  I hate the change from Jeyne to Talisa, but Oona Chaplin was quite fun to watch.So many great lines this episode!Hot Pie to Arya and Gendry- Don't get stabbed.Gendry- Don't... burn your fingers.Tyrion- This is more than I pay you in a year.Bronn- He's a squire, you don't pay him.Tyrion- Then it's definitely more than I pay you in a year! (Nice callback to Tyrion not knowing how much he's paying Bronn)Dany- Yes, all men must die. But we are not men.Hot Pie- I'm no Stark of Winterhell.Arya- Winterfell.Hot Pie- Are you sure?Arya- I'm sure.And so many more...
555	MaximeAC	2013-04-14	I loved Theon in this episode. I'm kind of confused about what they are doing with him though, plotwise. Anyone care to enlighten me? As confused as you are. I Guess the want us/theon is safe and then boom Ramsay reveels himself. I wonder how much Reek they are going to go with Theon...
556	The Storm King	2013-04-14	The tyrion bronn and pod scenes had me rolling on the floor XD
when the music started at the end i was like ??????? it was so random but then i heard the lyrics and that cracked me up but it took away the horror of that scene :/
and they introduced the iron bank quite early too.
557	Mormont'sRaven	2013-04-14	I think they're maybe doing that plotline where Ramsay uses Theon to infiltrate that one fortress so he can open the gates or whatever it is. Just a guess.
558	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	Burn Gorman apparently showed up in this episode since his name was in the credits (I didn't notice him at all, I'll have to rewatch). It seems odd to me that he's playing a glorified extra in the night's watch when he's a well established actor. Anyone have any ideas who his character might possibly be if he has one?He was the member of the Night's Watch that was looking around at the girls in Craster's Keep.  I was not expecting to see him at all in this and it shocked me.  I really can't believe he'd just be a Night's Watch extra either, but I also can't see how they'd just start featuring him to be important.
559	alwayswinter	2013-04-14	Awesome episode, enjoyed the first 2 a lot but this just blew me away!!
Small council non-musical chairs was hilarious.
Final scene worked fantastically combined with the song straight after, loved how we - and Jaime - just have enough time to register what has happened before the song kicks in. Masterfully done imo. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
560	Buzzard16	2013-04-14	I like what they're doing with Theon and Ramsey. It's a nod to what we Know from the books but don't actually get from ASOS. The whole cat and mouse, capture, release, capture. We know he does this hunting measure with woman. The "I am your friend, meanwhile I'm the one actually doing this to you." A nod to how he was initially introduced as Reek, gaining trust and then bam. Also a parallel to how he used to play with Reek as children, while turning Theon into Reek in his own sadistic way. It's a great way to show them both this season when they weren't in ASOS. It's like the untold story we didn't get in the book.
561	JonDunn	2013-04-14	"Give me another baby" was AWESOME.Really drives home how ducking desperate this guy who considers himself to be The Lord of light is.Just give me another one of those disgusting shadow fetuses, I have some false kings that need murdering.And then, the idea that he only needs people of his own bloodline to feed the shadow creatures PUTS HIM AT EASE!I likey.
562	go joff go	2013-04-14	I thought it was also a bit of a nod to the book readers (and perhaps this forum?) that Hotipie's farewell was given WAY too much focus and emotional resonance.Honestly I thought D&D were trolling with that scene, it fel almost like a parody of ever cringeworthy farewell scene ever mad,  The extralong shot of Hotpie as they were leaving with Arya  saying something encouraging.  I really think that scene was suppose to be kind of a joke.
563	Triskan	2013-04-14	This was the best episode so far in the young season. 
Any scene with Tyrion and Bronn is pure win.  And LF and Tyrion's banter was pretty good in this one too.  So Pod probably did nothing, neh?
Riverrun looks great.  Blackfish is great and so is Edmure who captured the kinda noble but in over my head at times element of the character. 
I liked the Talisa scene for pointing out the rumor that Robb Stark turns into a wolf. 
I'm torn on Stannis.  On the one hand, the poster above is correct to point out that a shadow baby is the goal.  On the other hand, it seemed a little too erratic for Stannis, but that could be fixed if he undergoes a bit of a transformation once he decides that a different approach is in order.
I can't wait for Dany next week, and I thought Ser Barristan and Ser Jorah were both spot-on in this episode as was she.  I was praying for Dracarys tonight, but well. 
I am, sad to say, so disappointed in the casting for Mance.  I hated it when I heard about it and not because I haven't liked Hinds in the past.  It just sounded so wrong.  But then I thought I'd reserve judgment as I ought to trust the show w/ how strong the casting has been overall.  But after a few episodes, it feels almost worse than I could have ever imagined. 
WTF w/ Theon and the bastard?  I'm also assuming that has to be Ramsay, but I was expecting him in the hunt w/ those other people as I assume most were.  That was a very surprising twist, and I have no idea what to think.
564	Rohanne	2013-04-14	You realize that most people that aren't book readers are probably cheering like crazy right now thinking Jaime got what he deserved. As did the majority of book readers before we got to see new Jaime. So cutting to that song is quite appropriate for the circumstances at hand. People who are Team Stark have been waiting for something to cheer about, Jaime losing his hand is one of the few cheers they are going to get for a while. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
565	wolverine	2013-04-14	Why the HELL do so many of you idiots think that Stannis just wanted to fuck Mel for the hell of it?  it was clearly obvious that he wanted to produce another Shadowbaby to take out another enemy.  Hence her telling him that he grew weak, and there was another way.He flat out says that he wants Robb and Joffrey dead.Some of you need to please pay more attention before coming with this THEY RUINED THE CHARACTERZZZZ stuffI guess I am an idiot then, because I don't like Stannis' portrayal in the show.  He is probably the character whose show characterization I dislike the most.  Also, he seemed rather lustful for just wanting to make a shadwobaby.  Mel completely gave him the cold shoulder when he tried to cuddle her.Otherwise I thought this episode was pretty great.  Maybe Ghost separated from Jon so they had a better explanation of how he makes it to the other side of the wall when Jon goes over the top.
566	MaximeAC	2013-04-14	I have a feeling they are going to leave the Greyjoys out the show... Stannis only said I want Joffrey and Robb dead. So I dont think we are going to see Balon Greyjoys fly off the bridge... I was eager to see that scene... No dead Balon no kingsmoot... No euron no Victarion !? Or maybe they are keeping this for later, when some of the old characters will be dead...
567	Bayard	2013-04-14	I thought this was a very good episode, but thinking back... not much happened in the first 50 minutes, did it?? It's interesting how they kept the entire tone of the episode really lighthearted, a lot of funny scenes. I liked a lot the one with the chairs, everything with Pod... even the Fist of the First Men, which in the books was extremely tensed stuff here was not more than a simple discussion. And then the gut punching ending /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Oh, and Ramsay is a badass here... most book readers think he is a wimp.
The Hot Pie scene really made me sad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> ... are we ever going to see him again?? Oh, and the Stannins stuff doesn't worry me YET. Yes, he's doing things out of character, D&D don't like him, but that doesn't mean they will destroy him completely. They need to make him look bad now, because he has such huge things in the future. We don't really know that much about what Stannis did or thought at this time in the books, because Davos doesn't. So, let's give the show some leniency, until he receives the letter from Castle Black. Maybe this tumblr will change your mind, like it did with me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />http://lonelysheepof...ost/46938901556
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 14 April 2013 - 10:43 PM.
568	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-14	I remember how frustrated I was when Dany said she would sell a dragon when I was reading the book and I only had to wait pages. Show people have to wait a week.
569	Dove	2013-04-14	I am, sad to say, so disappointed in the casting for Mance.  I hated it when I heard about it and not because I haven't liked Hinds in the past.  It just sounded so wrong.  But then I thought I'd reserve judgment as I ought to trust the show w/ how strong the casting has been overall.  But after a few episodes, it feels almost worse than I could have ever imagined.WTF w/ Theon and the bastard?  I'm also assuming that has to be Ramsay, but I was expecting him in the hunt w/ those other people as I assume most were.  That was a very surprising twist, and I have no idea what to think.I'm still not crazy about Mance either. I really, really want to like Hinds but he's just kinda flat. He hasn't been given too much to work with yet, though.It's not really too much of a twist, Ramsay plays the long troll. It makes sense that he'd even sacrifice his men for the sake of a better "hunt." /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
570	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	Honestly I thought D&D were trolling with that scene, it fel almost like a parody of ever cringeworthy farewell scene ever mad,  The extralong shot of Hotpie as they were leaving with Arya  saying something encouraging.  I really think that scene was suppose to be kind of a joke.I guess they need to make sure the viewers remember who he is, so when he winds up being TPTWP/AA reborn, it doesn't seem like it is coming out of left field, or anything.
571	LyannaStargaryen	2013-04-14	I thought this was a very good episode, but thinking back... not much happened in the first 50 minutes, did it?? It's interesting how they kept the entire tone of the episode really lighthearted, a lot of funny scenes. I liked a lot the one with the chairs, everything with Pod... even the Fist of the First Men, which in the books was extremely tensed stuff here was not more than a simple discussion. And then the gut punching ending /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.The Hot Pie scene really made me sad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> ... are we ever going to see him again?? Oh, and the Stannins stuff doesn't worry me YET. Yes, he's doing things out of character, D&amp;D don't like him, but that doesn't mean they will destroy him completely. They need to make him look bad now, because he has such huge things in the future. We don't really know that much about what Stannis did or thought at this time in the books, because Davos doesn't. So, let's give the show some leniency, until he receives the letter from Castle Black.I definitely agree on the first part.On the second part, I'm not loving the current departures from the book on Stannis' characterization, but I'm not a die-hard fan of Stannis.I just find it odd that last week, everyone was flipping out about "Catelyn Stark Jon Snow character assassination ZOMG", but this week's departure on Stannis seemed more severe and less grounded in the books than that, and everyone is saying, "let it play out."  Very interesting comparisons.Anyway, Tyrion was comic genius tonight.  I didn't love this episode outside of Jaime (brilliant acting), but I am so excited for next week's NW debacle and one of Daenerys' most important moments in the series, DRACARYS!
572	Head of The Ned	2013-04-14	The Merenese knot comment had my laughing more than anything this series has ever done. Great scene with Pod, Tyrion, and Bronn. I know there are some that don't like the sex in the series, but I thought that it was well done tonight.Ya that one was actually very well done. I didn't care for the scene in the whorehouse itself just the scene after it haha
573	LyannaStargaryen	2013-04-14	I'm still not crazy about Mance either. I really, really want to like Hinds but he's just kinda flat. He hasn't been given too much to work with yet, though.It's not really too much of a twist, Ramsay plays the long troll. It makes sense that he'd even sacrifice his men for the sake of a better "hunt." /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />Totally agreed on Mance, but hopefully they'll give him a bit more.  My main problem with Hinds is that he's too stately/rugged, and my mental Mance needs to be more wily with the steel undercurrent.  But we've got more wildling time to go.
574	Rockroi	2013-04-14	After last week<U+0080><U+0099>s disastrous episode I was very pleased with the recovery this week in what was probably one of the better episodes in the series so far.What I liked:The Queen of Westeros and Her (Really) Small Counsel:  What makes Dany work is that she surrounds herself with good people and then she listens to them.  What others call arrogance, Dany possesses incredible insight into people and incredible understanding of why people do what they do (loyalty, greed, fear) and she operates with that in mind.  Tied to that is that the whole while she is listening to two opposing view-points via Selmy and Jorah.  The fact that she took in all that info from two competing spheres is a testament to how she takes in info and how she uses it against those who she operates against.On top of that I thought the show did a great job showing how the slavers operate, how they think, and how a slave-society functions- even how slaves would rather be dead than slaves.  In just two, three scenes they made the whole world work.  They even threw in a Godfather reference.Brynden Tully: Total Win.Tyrion "Blames" Pod; Tywin Doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t Have To Blame Anyone: Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s gratefulness towards Pod was not just limited to saving his life, but in being a genuinely good person.  So, finally, a character is rewarded for a being a good person.  I thought the way it was ended was great and very funny.  Great scene.But more over - the show is at its absolute best when it pays attention to the <U+0080><U+009C>behind the scenes<U+0080><U+009D> people and how they interface <U+0080><U+0093> Tyrion and LF; Tywin and the Small Counsel; etc.  Its that deft-hand in showing how this all works that keeps me coming back.Reek and Ramsey : My money is that the guy who freed Theon is Ramsey Bolton.Pie in the Sky: Just like the book, I loved how the show finished things with Hot Pie; how the show maintained the decency of a character that said- not in so many words <U+0080><U+0093> <U+0080><U+009C>I<U+0080><U+0099>m done; I am dropping out of this rat race.<U+0080><U+009D>  And I loved how Arya ended up liking HP and appreciating everything about his short good-bye.The Maiden and the One-Handed Lion:  From start to finish, I thought Jaime and Brienne<U+0080><U+0099>s interplay was great; the dialog is tremendous.  I thought the very real threat of rape was so well done (and later revisited in the Theon scene).  I loved how Jaime wrestles with being decent while also trying to gain advantage- for himself and for his family.I also loved that <U+0080><U+0093> unlike the books <U+0080><U+0093> the show makes the North just as mean, horrible and cruel as the West.  The wolves lie with demons just like the lions.And taking Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s hand off like that was incredible.  Just as good as the book.   Can<U+0080><U+0099>t think of abetter compliment.What I am Not Certain Of:Not Holding Onto <U+0080>Hold Riverrun<U+0080><U+0099>: One of the biggest controversies on these boards is deftly avoided by simply shrinking the impact of <U+0080><U+009C>Hold Riverrun<U+0080><U+009D> and <U+0080><U+009C>Killing the Mountain<U+0080><U+009D> (though it again seems more likely than not that Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s explanation makes less and less sense under scrutiny, so the show changed it).But<U+0080> I am not sure I liked much else, most certainly I did not enjoy Edmure- loved the actor, loved how he spoke to Robb and interfaced with Blackfish, but<U+0080> why have a character be so incompetent so quickly so much of the time?  Now, I a get that that is Edmure in the book so it makes some sense here, but in the book- AT LEAST Cat mentioned how Edmure had a good heart and at least he defeated Tywin!  This guy here at RR is a train wreck<U+0080> and we have only seen him for two scenes.The Devolution of Stannis: Stannis Baratheon was the guy who stormed the walls of KL; he kills people , he leads men<U+0080> and <U+0080> <U+0080><U+009C>Whaaa!!!! Why Can<U+0080><U+0099>t I have another kid!  Why Can<U+0080><U+0099>t I BE KING!  Please fuck me!!<U+0080><U+009D>  Now, I get it: he is rudderless and much like the book, Stannis is weakening.  But book-Stannis was not a weakling who always wanted the easy way out!  In fact, he sometimes made things as hard as they could be!  Don<U+0080><U+0099>t turn him suddenly into such an untethered, forgettable bad guy!  Give the guy some purpose<U+0080> please! LIstening to Stannis whine on a beach was about as bad as I have seen the show handle one of the most captivating caharcters in the series.What I did Not Like:Nothing really sunk to the level of outright dislike.  I thought this was the best episode of the season and loved almost every minute of it.  I also LOVED the slower pace that gave us time to feel each individual story line.60 minutes of win.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 14 April 2013 - 10:51 PM.
575	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-14	so by end of season jamie returns to KL for gold hand & Oathkeeper, tyrion marries sansa, joeff dies at his wedding tyrion is framed for S escape too by varys/QoT/LF, RW happens, jamie returns to HH with IP training to save B in BEAR PIT saves her gives her oathkeeper & she goes to find lady C but might find lady S. then  Jamie returns to KL to free tyrion we get tysha/i killed your son scene then tyrion kills shae/tywin. enough lannister for for 7 episodes i hope so
576	Sharpes	2013-04-14	Man, if that's the bizarre art the White Walkers like to do in snow, imagine what they'll be like when they come across a genuine crop field!
Also, loved seeing the Hound bop his head on the wagon. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Sharpes, 14 April 2013 - 11:03 PM.
577	DragonsHungry	2013-04-14	The Blackfish was badass, that funeral scene was awesome, Dany/Barristan/Jorah were great, I really liked the Rhaegar reference.
What also was cool was seeing Tywin, Varys, Littlefinger, Pycelle, Cersei, and Tyrion all in the same room. The little game of chairs was hilarious, Cersei and Tyrion were funny.
Jaime's hand being cut off was a great scene.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 14 April 2013 - 10:53 PM.
578	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-14	Could someone please answer this for me. Was the music supposed to start before the hand was cut off because it did for me? Or was it supposed to start during the credits?
579	tito5601	2013-04-14	good to see riverunn in the credits and just a qustion when robb was yelling at edmure was he talking about tywin or the mountain cause tywin is all the way in kings landing also it was nice to see the lannister boys martin and the other one, didnt like that talisa isnt acting liek a proper queen and that the freys leaving is still not mentioned and i definitly didnt like that she tells them robb stark turns into a wolf whats the point of that it will only make robb seem like a monster.  i loved the ending locke is one hell of an actor and jaimes reaction before the credits....... PRiCELESS
580	Head of The Ned	2013-04-14	Guys Stannis is supposed to be weak and defeated at this point. That's why he is being portrayed as weak and defeated.
581	HouseHarrison	2013-04-14	Oh god Podrick. That moment made me lulz.
582	Bayard	2013-04-14	Could someone please answer this for me. Was the music supposed to start before the hand was cut off because it did for me? Or was it supposed to start during the credits?wait for a better version from torrents /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />, the same thing happened to me last week...  and this one. I got no Jaime scream /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />). I'm not worried, I'll see it tonight, legit on HBO /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
583	int11	2013-04-14	Without at doubt a great episode!
					
					
							Edited by int11, 14 April 2013 - 10:56 PM.
584	Associate Maester	2013-04-14	Yeah, they totally blew Stannis' character. What with him letting it slip he "wanted her." It isn't like they have a relationship/sex (outside of shadow babies) in the books. And it is totally OOC for how we see them interact in private together. Wait. We don't see the later.
Still complete character assassination. /end sarcasm.
585	MaximeAC	2013-04-14	I think they're maybe doing that plotline where Ramsay uses Theon to infiltrate that one fortress so he can open the gates or whatever it is. Just a guess. You mean Moat Cailin, That is much later in a dance with dragons!
586	Cravensbayne	2013-04-14	Great ep! 
Is Mel gonna bang Gendry? 
Pod is awesome. 
Jon is gonna be prevalent from know on I think. 
Theon rape scene was... disturbing. 
Like how they cleared up the Brienne vs Jaime fight. 
Jaime should have been a little more badass before he loses his hand, though. He is a member of the kingsguard and a Lannister, and he was shaking when he had a knife to his eye. Book reader bias always finds flaws.
587	wolverine	2013-04-14	Wait, what?  He should not even be shaking when he is chained with a knife to his eye?
588	Warden of the North121	2013-04-14	Guys Stannis is supposed to be weak and defeated at this point. That's why he is being portrayed as weak and defeated.This x 100. We don't receive any book scenes of Stannis reacting to the initial aftermath of Blackwater. It's just Davos sitting in his cell for god knows how long. It seems perfectly normal for Stannis to be frustrated, desperate, and lustful just after such a crushing defeat.One thing that's making me chuckle is how everyone is up in arms about the song at the end and yet mad that Locke/Vargo doesn't have a lisp.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 14 April 2013 - 11:10 PM.
589	MaximeAC	2013-04-14	so by end of season jamie returns to KL for gold hand & Oathkeeper, tyrion marries sansa, joeff dies at his wedding tyrion is framed for S escape too by varys/QoT/LF, RW happens, jamie returns to HH with IP training to save B in BEAR PIT saves her gives her oathkeeper & she goes to find lady C but might find lady S. then  Jamie returns to KL to free tyrion we get tysha/i killed your son scene then tyrion kills shae/tywin. enough lannister for for 7 episodes i hope soAll that in 7 episodes ? I was thinking the RW, Stannis at the Wall/Jon Snow Commander, Joffrey dying/Sensa escaping Arya taking the boat, Dany sitting on her 'throne' in Meereen Saying "and now I will rule"
590	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-14	Yeah, they totally blew Stannis' character. What with him letting it slip he "wanted her." It isn't like they have a relationship/sex (outside of shadow babies) in the books. And it is totally OOC for how we see them interact in private together. Wait. We don't see the later.Still complete character assassination. /end sarcasm.Yes he does. In the Mel chapter of ADWD, she notes how her bed has had little use since Stannis has been gone. They weren't just doing the deed to get shadow babies.
591	Rockroi	2013-04-14	Yeah, they totally blew Stannis' character. What with him letting it slip he "wanted her." It isn't like they have a relationship/sex (outside of shadow babies) in the books. And it is totally OOC for how we see them interact in private together. Wait. We don't see the later.Still complete character assassination. /end sarcasm.THe problem with that is that if we saw more of Stannis than we could have a better feel for his overall character and how he is.  Unfortunately, all we are seeing of him is this bitchy guy complaining and begging Mel to give him stuff; like he's six and she has the quarters to his favorite Arcade game.  If they gave Satnnis more face-time, I would be able to forgive it, but they do NOT have that kind of time to give him so they just make him whiney and petulant.  Meh...LIke I said, I get that he is weakening, but that does not mean he should be a weakling.We don't receive any book scenes of Stannis reacting to the initial aftermath of Blackwater. It's just Davos sitting in his cell for god knows how long. It seems perfectly normal for Stannis to be frustrated, desperate, and lustful just after such a crushing defeat.Not entirely true; we see that Stannis is a wreck; that he mourns Renly (not bitching that Renly laghed at him) and that he WILL NOT take retribution out on his lesser supporters- the scene where he is advuised to invade and butcher a small island that went back over to Joff.  Stannis, wisely, refuses.  We see that he is still in command; still leading; no quit in him.  He also listens to Davos (kind of important); that he is working and that he REFUSES to kill Edric Storm to please Mel.  This is hardly the same guy who chaes Mel to the beach to beg her for some nooky and to make another shadow baby.However, do not mistake me- it can't be like the book; I accept that certain changes need tp be made and time is of the essence.  I just think there was a more reasonable and effctive way to present Stannis than what we saw.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 14 April 2013 - 11:15 PM.
592	SerWest	2013-04-14	My favorite part had to be when they recaptured Theon...Right before Boy (Ramsay) kills the one guy with the arrow headshot he says "You little bastard...." /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> Amazing foreshadowing for the Ramsay reveal later /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
593	I do not sew	2013-04-14	Could someone please answer this for me. Was the music supposed to start before the hand was cut off because it did for me? Or was it supposed to start during the credits?Just imagining this made me LOL.
594	Khal Pono	2013-04-14	Loved the episode.  Stannis got friendzoned hard! Poor Stannis.  They did a nice job explaining the Iron Bank of Braavos too.  The sapphires bit was just as good in the books!VERY minor bookreader complaints:They were too mean to Edmure!  He was a fuck-up in the book, but it's clear that Catelyn and even Blackfish still love him; that was not at all clear here.How the hell did Ramsay Snow become such an amazing archer killing like 5 guys using 6 arrows?  I like the book description of Ramsay better, he has brute strength and base cunning, but he's not a skilled warrior.Why on earth did Locke think it was okay to maim a valuable prisoner.  Robb's not going to like that.  Maybe Roose told him to do it.  I'm sure there are things we don't know yet....You would think Riverrun's maester would be charge of tending to the wounds of nobleman prisoners, and why would someone as kind as Talisa supposedly is want to torment those poor kids with tales of werewolves?  That was kind of mean.Wait, what?  He should not even be shaking when he is chained with a knife to his eye?Ya, that comment made me guffaw.  Jaime is not superhuman.  A man still has reflexes.  Jesus.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 14 April 2013 - 11:13 PM.
595	MaximeAC	2013-04-14	I like what they're doing with Theon and Ramsey. It's a nod to what we Know from the books but don't actually get from ASOS. The whole cat and mouse, capture, release, capture. We know he does this hunting measure with woman. The "I am your friend, meanwhile I'm the one actually doing this to you." A nod to how he was initially introduced as Reek, gaining trust and then bam. Also a parallel to how he used to play with Reek as children, while turning Theon into Reek in his own sadistic way. It's a great way to show them both this season when they weren't in ASOS. It's like the untold story we didn't get in the book.Make sens ! Because he really needs to break him bad for the rest of the story...
596	tito5601	2013-04-14	just wanted to add it was nice that the iron bank of braavos was mentioned
597	Oakenfist	2013-04-14	In DWD, Mel notes how her bed has had little use since Stannis has been gone.
The question is why do people think he doesn't have a sexual relationship with Mel? It's obvious that him and his wife have been estranged for years. He is quite weak after losing Blackwater at this point and rightfully so because it takes Davos to remind him his duty to the realm.
He won't have his redemption until the end of this season.
598	Dr. Pepper	2013-04-14	Could someone please answer this for me. Was the music supposed to start before the hand was cut off because it did for me? Or was it supposed to start during the credits?I don't think it was supposed to, but it happened on my viewing as well.  I confirmed with several others that it started before the hand was cut off.  It was very jarring and sort of ruined the gravity of that scene.Ok, so this episode wasn't thrilling to me.  I was actually bored a lot of the time.  One thing I don't get, and I hope someone can explain it to me - Why did Pod get the whore services for free?
599	Khal Pono	2013-04-14	THe problem with that is that if we saw more of Stannis than we could have a better feel for his overall character and how he is.  Unfortunately, all we are seeing of him is this bitchy guy complaining and begging Mel to give him stuff; like he's six and she has the quarters to his favorite Arcade game.  If they gave Satnnis more face-time, I would be able to forgive it, but they do NOT have that kind of time to give him so they just make him whiney and petulant.  Meh...LIke I said, I get that he is weakening, but that does not mean he should be a weakling.Not entirely true; we see that Stannis is a wreck; that he mourns Renly (not bitching that Renly laghed at him) and that he WILL NOT take retribution out on his lesser supporters- the scene where he is advuised to invade and butcher a small island that went back over to Joff.  Stannis, wisely, refuses.  We see that he is still in command; still leading; no quit in him.  He also listens to Davos (kind of important); that he is working and that he REFUSES to kill Edric Storm to please Mel.  This is hardly the same guy who chaes Mel to the beack to beg her for some nooky and to make another shadow baby.However, do not mistake me- it can't be like the book; I accept that certain changes need tp be made and time is of the essence.  I just think there was a more reasonable and effctive way to present Stannis than what we saw.Stannis is one of the most whiny, petulant characters in the books, especially book 2.  All he does is complain about his brothers and all the shit they got and that he didn't get.  He's a miserable, jealous, resentful and bitter.  Never understood all the Stannis love on this board.
600	CrypticWeirwood	2013-04-14	so by end of season jamie returns to Karstark<U+0080><U+0099>s Lavoratory (KL) for gold hand & Oathkeeper, tyrion marries sansa, jAff dies at his wedding tyrion is framed for Saruman (S) escape too by varys/Quest of Thrones (QoT)/Lord Frey (LF), Richard Wagner (RW) happens, jamie returns to Her Highness (HH) with Internet Protocol (IP) training to save Bambi ( B. ) in Best Ever Arch-Rival Prince In Training (BEAR PIT) saves her gives her oathkeeper & she goes to find lady Celine Dione ( C. ) but might find lady Serendipity (S.) then  Jamie returns to  Karstark<U+0080><U+0099>s Lavoratory (KL) to free tyrion we get tysha/IAigo Montoya (i) killed your son scene then tyrion kills shae/I am your father, Luke (tywin). enough lannister for for 7 episodes Ichabod Crane (i) hope Significant Other (so)You<U+0080><U+0099>re right!  Once you puta it that way, it<U+0080><U+0099>s guaranteed to be awesomest!
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 14 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
601	Warden of the North121	2013-04-14	Am I the only one who noticed that the men detaining and torturing Theon were wearing ironborn clothing/armor?
602	tito5601	2013-04-14	nice that the iron bank of braavos was mentionedd i must say
603	madprofessah	2013-04-14	so by end of season jamie returns to KL for gold hand & Oathkeeper, tyrion marries sansa, joeff dies at his wedding tyrion is framed for S escape too by varys/QoT/LF, RW happens, jamie returns to HH with IP training to save B in BEAR PIT saves her gives her oathkeeper & she goes to find lady C but might find lady S. then  Jamie returns to KL to free tyrion we get tysha/i killed your son scene then tyrion kills shae/tywin. enough lannister for for 7 episodes i hope soReally? I seriously doubt they will do BOTH the Red Wedding and the Purple Wedding in the same season will they? That will take some balls...Isn't there all the stuff with the switched babies (Gilly's and Mance's)? Does that happen in ASOS or AFFC? The books are starting to blur together to me. But one of the great things about the TV series is that they can just select what events they want to depict when. So it;s hard to predict exactly what we will get in S3. S304 looks incredible, with a scene between QoT Tyrell and the Queen Regent!
604	Oakenfist	2013-04-14	Could someone please answer this for me. Was the music supposed to start before the hand was cut off because it did for me? Or was it supposed to start during the credits?If you watched it online then it screwed up. The regular viewing on TV the song aired only during the credits.
605	wandering	2013-04-14	I don't think it was supposed to, but it happened on my viewing as well.  I confirmed with several others that it started before the hand was cut off.  It was very jarring and sort of ruined the gravity of that scene.Ok, so this episode wasn't thrilling to me.  I was actually bored a lot of the time.  One thing I don't get, and I hope someone can explain it to me - Why did Pod get the whore services for free?I'm guessing Tyrion had it planned, to make Pod feel good or....he's got two twelve inch cocks and a tongue he could lick his own forehead with.
606	I do not sew	2013-04-14	Ok, so this episode wasn't thrilling to me.  I was actually bored a lot of the time.  One thing I don't get, and I hope someone can explain it to me - Why did Pod get the whore services for free?Because he's secretly Wilt Chamberlain.
607	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-14	I don't think it was supposed to, but it happened on my viewing as well.  I confirmed with several others that it started before the hand was cut off.  It was very jarring and sort of ruined the gravity of that scene.Ok, so this episode wasn't thrilling to me.  I was actually bored a lot of the time.  One thing I don't get, and I hope someone can explain it to me - Why did Pod get the whore services for free?I took it as  Pod is a sexual tyranosauras.
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 14 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
608	Ser Creighton	2013-04-14	Cersie and Tyrion play a game of chairs, priceless. That brief moment was all about facial expressions, and it played so well. It actually ties into the books a bit in how Tywins kids are often reduced to kids in front of him. There were a lot of highs and Stannis is the only real low, massive change in his character from the books.
Still waiting for Tyrion/Sansa, thought it was coming at the Council. Liked that the put some of the characters internal monolouge into script form. Glad the showed the Lannister boys, and you know what that is building up to. You can see the age and see one of the reasons Robb gets pissed. To many people on this board stand up for Karstark.
You can see where the journey of Reek is going, someone is training his pet.
Jamie and Bree banter was different, but I can actually understand some false bravado by both parties in their present situation.
The Hot Pie scene was really well done, short but sweet. The bread was great, excuse me, really good.
Mance? Seriously, I am not feeling it at all, and they are just chopping the hell out of it. Might asa well just cut it from the show at this rate. I don't even think the producers want to film it, they would rather put Tyrion and Shea in a scene then even bother with the north. Sam, something missing there? Maybe an important moment in his life? Let me guess he saves the baby and that's when he kills the Other.
609	Khal Pono	2013-04-14	How did I NOT see what "The walk of punishment" referred to?! When I saw that it was a total DUH moment for me.I was for sure this episode would be Ramsay's big reveal! Maybe other people were right when they said DD will let "Boy" stretch on to the RW.Yeah, I felt a bit dumb for not getting that earlier.  In the books it was the "Plaza of Punishment" but the Walk of Punishment works just as well.I'm liking where this Theon thing is headed.  Like many readers, I thought it would be fairly monotonous and grim if the whole season was just Theon getting flayed and physically tortured, but this episode sets up his relationship with "Boy" to be one of mental/emotional manipulation and brainwashing, which is far, far more interesting.  Can't wait to see where it goes.
610	Dr. Pepper	2013-04-14	I'm guessing Tyrion had it planned, to make Pod feel good or....he's got two twelve inch cocks and a tongue he could lick his own forehead with.This makes sense, I suppose.I took it as either Pod is a sexual tyranosauras or he chickened out.I figured he chickened out, but it wasn't made to seem that way.  It was just so weird, and felt unnecessary.  I could have done with Pod not returning this ep, especially in the middle of Iron Bank talk.
611	go joff go	2013-04-14	Really? I seriously doubt they will do BOTH the Red Wedding and the Purple Wedding in the same season will they? That will take some balls...Isn't there all the stuff with the switched babies (Gilly's and Mance's)? Does that happen in ASOS or AFFC? The books are starting to blur together to me. But one of the great things about the TV series is that they can just select what events they want to depict when. So it;s hard to predict exactly what we will get in S3.S304 looks incredible, with a scene between QoT Tyrell and the Queen Regent!Yeah especially since the scene people thought indicated th PW (Marge and Joffrey at the sept) is happening next week from the preview.
612	Shaula Black	2013-04-14	Man, if that's the bizarre art the White Walkers like to do in snow, imagine what they'll be like when they come across a genuine crop field!I laughed hard at this! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Well... about the episode... Ignoring the usual changes, I really loved this episode. It made me laugh a lot and also remember why I love this story so much in the first place.Some things that were great points for me:1- The moving chairs scene. I had a big smile in my face.2- Tyrion and Bronn wanting to hear the gossip like two girls.3- The Tyrion-Littlefinger dialogue "You are richer that I am."  "Good point."4- The inclusion of the "Rhaegar"quote.5- Wonderful acting by Nikolaj. I really love Jaime, and his perfect acting was a gift for me.6- The introduction to the Tullys. It was different, but good, and I agree that the Edmure-Robb strategy  didn't diverge from the basic plot. I actually like that they even kept this plot line.7- Edmure missing the arrows.8- Riverrun in the opening credits.9- The way they are introducing Ramsay.10- The Robb-Stark-turns-into-a-wolf rumor. I thought it was very nice of D&D to bother mentioning that.And what I didn't like:1-Stannis wanting Melisandre.2- Mance not being a bard.3- Edmure portrayed as an idiot.4- Jon's story is absolutely boring in the show, although it's one of the best parts in the books.
613	Khal Pono	2013-04-14	I watch with my non book reader sister and her just reading book one now boyfriend, and they both kind of cheered when Jaime got his hand cut off saying he got what he deserved, whereas I was like "NOOOOOOOOOOOO."Watching it happen is so different than reading it. I think my imagination played it down.Wow your sister doesn't even give him credit for just saving Brienne from gang rape?  That's harsh.
614	briantw	2013-04-14	So who here clapped at the Meereenese Knot joke?  The non-reader friends I watch with looked at me strangely, but I just told them "you'd have to be there."  Regardless, absolutely incredible joke on the part of the writers.
615	cybobbie	2013-04-14	Why the HELL do so many of you idiots think that Stannis just wanted to fuck Mel for the hell of it?  it was clearly obvious that he wanted to produce another Shadowbaby to take out another enemy.  Hence her telling him that he grew weak, and there was another way.He flat out says that he wants Robb and Joffrey dead.Some of you need to please pay more attention before coming with this THEY RUINED THE CHARACTERZZZZ stuffWell, I don't think you need to call people idiots for theit opinion, it's really not nice to put in this way. As for your comment, well for me it was clear since the preview of the episode that he was talking about a shadow son and not a real one and I believe that many here got it. However comparing book Stannis with show Stannis makes lots of book readers frustrated, since so far the character development is not going very well on the show, at least IMO and I'm not a book Stannis fan.You realize that most people that aren't book readers are probably cheering like crazy right now thinking Jaime got what he deserved. As did the majority of book readers before we got to see new Jaime. So cutting to that song is quite appropriate for the circumstances at hand. People who are Team Stark have been waiting for something to cheer about, Jaime losing his hand is one of the few cheers they are going to get for a while.It happened here at home, since I watch the show with two non book readers and, despite the fact that they didn't cheer, because they were surprised by the scene, after the show all the talk was about the fact that he deserved. Once again, I had to control myself, since I've read all the books and love Jamie.So many great lines this episode!Hot Pie to Arya and Gendry- Don't get stabbed.Gendry- Don't... burn your fingers.Tyrion- This is more than I pay you in a year.Bronn- He's a squire, you don't pay him.Tyrion- Then it's definitely more than I pay you in a year! (Nice callback to Tyrion not knowing how much he's paying Bronn)Dany- Yes, all men must die. But we are not men.Hot Pie- I'm no Stark of Winterhell.Arya- Winterfell.Hot Pie- Are you sure?Arya- I'm sure.And so many more...Winterhell was really priceless!! He was the member of the Night's Watch that was looking around at the girls in Craster's Keep.  I was not expecting to see him at all in this and it shocked me.  I really can't believe he'd just be a Night's Watch extra either, but I also can't see how they'd just start featuring him to be important.I saw him even before that scene, I mean when they were arriving at Craster's Keep and found very strange to see him as a member of the NW considering that I don't recall him from previous seasons, so I guess he will have a larger role in the next episodes.
616	MSUMC25	2013-04-14	Who the hell saved Theon....that wasn't in the books, or have I just forgotten?
617	Dove	2013-04-14	Episode was fucking incredible. It had some of the funniest scenes in the entire show, contrasting really heavily with some of the most tense and nail biting segments with Theon and Jaime/Brienne. The cut to credits with that song just further reinforced the dissonant tone of the episode and I thought it was absolutely amazing. We were alternating between laughing our asses off and gaping in horror.
618	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-14	What is with the  casting of Edmure Tully? He's supposed to be handsome and dashing...a womanizer.
This ugly old man on my screen is NOT and could never be a womanizer. For a show that usually does a great job with finding characters I'm a little disappointed.
Sure he can act stupid and useless but the Edmure in the books at least looked good while doing so (at least in my mind).
619	Daenerys Must Die	2013-04-14	I have a feeling they are going to leave the Greyjoys out the show... Stannis only said I want Joffrey and Robb dead. So I dont think we are going to see Balon Greyjoys fly off the bridge... I was eager to see that scene... No dead Balon no kingsmoot... No euron no Victarion !? Or maybe they are keeping this for later, when some of the old characters will be dead...I always picture this scene in my head for some reason and always wanted them to do it .. sadly it's always very comical in my head i.e a 10-second clip of Balon stumbling drunkenly across the rope bridge between castles - gust of wind comes and he goes flying over.. I'd have to imagine it would be hard to completely eliminate the Greyjoy's if they plan on doing a 5th season.
620	Daenerys Must Die	2013-04-14	Who the hell saved Theon....that wasn't in the books, or have I just forgotten?It's not directly in the books no - I'd imagine GRRM had some input on this because the entire writing staff (including Martin) was very hush about Theon in this season.. I have my theories on why they added it and I'm enjoying it so far.. sadly it's going to be getting much worse for poor Alfie but he seemed really excited to be able to act out these scenes from his interviews.Oh and as this is the book spoilers thread I guess it's no secret as to "who saved Theon".. I don't want to spoil it for you but it's obviously someone you do not want to call "bastard" lest you want an arrow down your freakin gullet /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Esero, 14 April 2013 - 11:48 PM.
621	Stark Winds	2013-04-14	My goodness. When rock "Bear and the Maiden Fair" started playing I practically jumped out of my skin. A) it was extremely confusing because the music started playing in the middle of the last scene, drowning out Jaime's pivotal moment, and the dialogue beforehand. /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Well...there could not have been a more jarring and irrelevant song to hear right after Jaime getting his hand cut off. 
But I really loved that they incorporated this song in this episode! And the rock version...well I think I just found my new ringtone haha. 
Meereenese knot. Yes, yes writers! Continue doing good things like that! The whole Pod scene was yes, kind of useless, but so funny.
Melisandre and Stannis scene--made me cringe seeing uptight, hard-ass Stannis saying, "I want you" like that, but I liked Melisandre's reaction. That scene shows just how much Stannis relies on Melisandre for his power. 
Ramsay's introduction--awesome! "You bastard!" and then Ramsay just calmly sticks an arrow through his face. Gosh I feel so bad for Theon, but I'm excited to continue watching his and Ramsay's storyline. 
I liked the part with Talisa and the Lannister boy. It was funny the way she was like "is it full moon? No? OK then, you have nothing to worry about." scaring the wits out of the kid. 
The good bye to Hot Pie was quite fun to watch too. "What is this?" "It's a wolf." "Is that the tail?" LOL
Again another episode that had me laughing out loud, or going "oh no s/he di'in't!" or just plain clutching my face (Jaime. cough. cough). It is definitely different watching things unfold onscreen than reading about them happening.
622	Jonaerys	2013-04-14	Haven't seen this mentioned in this thread yet so ill bring it up. Was it just me or did Bronn pick up what looked like to be a glass candle in Tyrion's office when they were discussing Littlefinger's ledgers??
623	go joff go	2013-04-14	So who here clapped at the Meereenese Knot joke?  The non-reader friends I watch with looked at me strangely, but I just told them "you'd have to be there."  Regardless, absolutely incredible joke on the part of the writers.The great thing about it is that its not even really a book reader joke, rather its a hardcore bookreader joke
624	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-14	Meereenese knot! /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
625	Fragile Bird	2013-04-14	The back story that we only get in bits and pieces on Theon is that Ramsay played head games with him before the worst of the flaying, cat-and-mouse stuff.  Ramsay, after all, is the person who lets his girls go as if they would be able to escape, and then hunts them down and flays them.  This is a version of the game he's playing with Theon.I think Edmure is being shown as a twit because the show-only people don't get all his back story, and it will make it seem all the more reasonable to understand how he could have been so out of the main events that happen at the Red Wedding.  He just misses the important stuff.  While the Blackfish can do things with nonchalance.A shame Mance could not have been as well cast as Blackfish was.I enjoyed the rock version of the Bear and Maiden Fair because when we eventually see the Maiden Fair with the Bear, Jaime Lannister is gonna rock big time.  To me it seems like a neat piece of foreshadowing. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />And I loved Hot Pie saying "Winterhell"!  "Winterfell!" "Are you sure?"
626	Nictarion	2013-04-14	Rhaegar fought nobly, Rhaegar fought valiantly,  and Rhaegar died. Jorah's delivery of one of the lines I've been most anticipating gave me chills.
627	Delmas	2013-04-14	Haven't seen this mentioned in this thread yet so ill bring it up. Was it just me or did Bronn pick up what looked like to be a glass candle in Tyrion's office when they were discussing Littlefinger's ledgers??I thought it looked like a piece of quartz tied to a rope, like a cheap necklase or something.
628	Delmas	2013-04-14	Rhaegar fought nobly, Rhaegar fought valiantly,  and Rhaegar died. Jorah's delivery of one of the lines I've been most anticipating gave me chills.Did you notice the shifty eye barriston gave when jorah said Rhaegar was dead?  /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
629	Khal Pono	2013-04-15	Haven't seen this mentioned in this thread yet so ill bring it up. Was it just me or did Bronn pick up what looked like to be a glass candle in Tyrion's office when they were discussing Littlefinger's ledgers??Dildo
630	MaximeAC	2013-04-15	Can someone explain the meereenese knot joke... I read the book, but didnt get it... maybe my english isnt good enough ! :/
631	Kasrith	2013-04-15	So who here clapped at the Meereenese Knot joke?  The non-reader friends I watch with looked at me strangely, but I just told them "you'd have to be there."  Regardless, absolutely incredible joke on the part of the writers.Was that a book nod? Refresh my memory?
632	sansa's sworn sword	2013-04-15	my favourite epsiode yet, but the dragonstone storyline sucks
633	Eponine	2013-04-15	... he REFUSES to kill Edric Storm to please Mel.I am extremely sorry that we don't get to see this side of Stannis on the show. I don't really care that Stannis is being portrayed as weak and totally whipped by Mel, but they're kind of generic bad guys right now and giving him a chance to demonstrate wrestling with his sense of justice would have been good.What I hope we see more of is multi-character King's Landing scenes. I thought those were some of the best scenes in books 2-3, as well as Sansa observing different things within the court, and I hope they're not cut out in favor of one-on-one character scenes (especially if the one-on-one is Tyrion and Shae).Were the Lannisters so young in the book? I don't remember having many feelings about it one way or the other when reading. It was a good move to show them onscreen and they should probably do it again next episode.
634	DisraeliGears	2013-04-15	So watching the Ep 4 preview, I'm presuming that Theon is being led to the Dreadfort, where in ep 5 or 6, Ramsay will be fully revealed. 
As for Ep3 it was fantastic. Loved just about everything about it.
635	Zman1863	2013-04-15	Can someone explain the meereenese knot joke... I read the book, but didnt get it... maybe my english isnt good enough ! :/It's a reference to one of GRRM's struggles to finish ADWD, specifically all the events and character arrivals that occur in Meereen in the midst of all the plot developments that happen there.
636	BWP	2013-04-15	AVClub loved it.  Even the experts thread.I think it was an interesting choice.  Most of the episode was very lighthearted for a GOT episode, very comedic, and then it ended in a completely dark moment.  Then the  fast cut to the punk rock theme just oddly worked for me, but I can get why others may have been taken out of the moment.overall though I just don't think it's that big of a deal, they still completely nailed the actual scene.It worked for me too. The punk rock rendition (of what is a really icky song) after Jaime's scream was ironic and oddly poignant. I thought of Kubrick and 'A Clockwork Orange' actually.On another note, I know Richard Madden is hot but I don't like his Robb. I'm ready for him to go.
					
					
							Edited by UVA, 15 April 2013 - 12:17 AM.
637	Rockroi	2013-04-15	Can someone explain the meereenese knot joke... I read the book, but didnt get it... maybe my english isnt good enough ! :/Its has nothing to do with anything in the books; it has more to do with the time it took to actually write the books. After book 4 was completed, Martin claimed that he ran into a mig problem with untying a certain part of his story and that part of the reason it was taking so long to actually write the books was that he could not seem to untie the "Meeraneesh Knot" and Dany's story-line in the East.
638	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	The GoodRhaegar died line was done well.Theon setup was excellent. I saw that as clearly, you run you get raped so don't make me do it, threat in the motion.I enjoyed everything about Dany. 'Yes, all men must die. But we're not men.'Winterhell. Ned's Winter Hell. Thanks.Meereneese Knot. Thanks again. @Maxime, the Meereneese Knot was a writing issue GRRM had with making ADWD, and caused the book to take far longer to make than he hoped for.Tormund climbing the wall. I KNEW IT! You know why he's climbing the wall. Cause he'll turn around, unzip his smallcloth, and the wildlings will climb up his Member! I knew it!Game of Chairs. Great way to show Cersei thinking herself as Tywin come again, and Tyrion's loathing of the man, while being the same. Both are heads of the table. Well done.We'll miss you Hot Pie! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Jeyne Westerling and the Lannister boy... thick with Karstark foreshadowing. That and the boy saying the things show Arya said, and in the books, what the Freys will say.Craster's Piggy line. Not in the books IIRC, but it seems to be his level of Cras.Podrick the sexy bitch.I felt bad for Jaime. Howdafuck did the show make me feel bad for Jaime? The books couldn't. I'm shocked still.The BadThis episodes portrayal of Stannis is possibly as bad as the first episode's portrayal of Littlefinger. However, he is gonna come to the rescue for the NW, so I'm hoping they're setting up to twist the audience's perception.Edmure and Blackfish. Not saying much more than that.Why the girl that Cersei threaten not hurt? Not a big thing, but seems odd, to skip showing the vileness of Tywin Lannister.Why are wights artists now (the bodies)? Not a big deal again, but kinda just silly.
639	Nezzer	2013-04-15	Could someone please answer this for me. Was the music supposed to start before the hand was cut off because it did for me? Or was it supposed to start during the credits?I first watched the show on TV and it only started after the episode was over, but later I downloaded a pirate version to rewatch the episode and the same happened to me. The song started playing while Locke was pointing the knife to Jaime's eye. It made me laugh pretty hard /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
640	Rockroi	2013-04-15	I am extremely sorry that we don't get to see this side of Stannis on the show. I don't really care that Stannis is being portrayed as weak and totally whipped by Mel, but they're kind of generic bad guys right now and giving him a chance to demonstrate wrestling with his sense of justice would have been good.Exactly my point; while I do not really like what they are putting on the screen, I could let it slide if they balanced it with other aspects of Stannis' personality; something more complex and more complete.  Again, maybe they will as time goes on, but right now they have a two-dimentional Stannis here, and not the more complete man we knew.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 15 April 2013 - 12:19 AM.
641	winterstood	2013-04-15	Was clearly cgi'd. It's obvious that he was probably holding some kind of green thing instead of a real knife.If you say so - I just remember in "Gangs of New York" when Daniel Day Lewis put that knife to his eyeball - he used an actual knife with no special effects. and unlike the hand-cutting part of the scene, the knife to the eye looked especially real.
642	Oakenfist	2013-04-15	Exactly my point; while I do not really like what they are putting on the screen, its more that I think they could have put on something much much better, more complex and more complete.  Again, maybe they will as time goes on, but right now they have a two-dimentional Stannis here, and not the more complete man we knew.Maybe because its only episode 3 of a 10 episode season? This isn't the last time we see Stannis and character development is something that happens over time.
643	LordStoneheart	2013-04-15	The best part of this episode was that it seems we're saying goodbye to that waste of space Hot Pie.
As soon as they left him I looked at my sister and said "there was so many times I wanted Arya to just kill him." Good riddance. I'm actually surprised how much love he gets on these forums.
The Blackfish was perfect, Edmure was alright. Wish they would've had him actually hit the boat like the books... I think?
Loved that the Rhaegar line made it in. Was my favorite Jorah mormont.... I mean moment.
I'm really not liking the Theon story line just because if it turns out Boy is Ramsay, he might gets fans. And no one should like Ramsay. Kudos to the attempted rape scene too. While a bit scary, it shows they're willing to portray any horrible thing. Here's hoping for some flaying.
And lastly, I hope the majority of us were glad to see Kingslayer get his hand chopped. Just wish it was his head (another one that surprises me with the amount of fan love.) Not sure if I was too impressed with Nicolaj's scream, seemed to be more surprised than in pain. But Nicolaj is a great Jamie.
All in all, I'll give this episode a ten. But damn my lagging computer, I accidentally voted an eight on the other post.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 15 April 2013 - 12:25 AM.
644	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-15	"There are no masters in the grave" and the slave praying for death.   An interesting call back to the origin of the Faceless Men?
645	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	Why is Ghost following Sam?
646	LordStoneheart	2013-04-15	Why are wights artists now (the bodies)? Not a big deal again, but kinda just silly.I assumed Mance meant the White Walkers, not the wights. I did make a post about this very thing, but it's not approved yet.
647	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-15	Well Best episode by far with just amazing moments:
- I love ending the episode on the hand chop scream fade to black.
- Dany large and in charge
- Pod Sex God
- Loved the foreshadowing of future events with the Iron Bank
- "You Little Bastard" COME ON its obvious who Boy is now
All in all i think its safe to say we are full steam ahead
648	Rayn	2013-04-15	The Blackfish was perfect, Edmure was alright. Wish they would've had him actually hit the boat like the books... I think?The show was true to the books in this scene.
649	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-15	The show was true to the books in this scene.Except Blackfish didn't act like such a douche in the books - he comforted Edmure for missing, and kindly offered to take the shot
650	teemo	2013-04-15	I think I'm the only person who didn't enjoy the Pod stuff...I like Pod, but it felt like a waste of time.  If it was funny I'd probably like it, but I didn't find it very funny. *shrug* guess it's just me.  Pretty good episode....I think the writing was much better than the previous two actually.  Nikolaj is such a good actor.
651	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	I think I'm the only person who didn't enjoy the Pod stuff...I like Pod, but it felt like a waste of time.  I agree, Could of have a Bran/Reeds scene or something instead. Or Sam the Slayer but i guess they're pushing that back.
652	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-04-15	This episode had me chuckling througout and afterwards!!! Best so far of this season!
Thrummm....Plop Thrummmm.... Plop *Robb chuckle* Thrummmm....Plop *Blackfish shove* Thrummm... *turns and tosses bow* FWOOOSH!!! LMFAO
Have to say the counsel meeting was too good! A little surprised how soon they are pushing LF out of the scene. (setting up for quite a season finale)
He only eats children on full moons. Is it a full moon? It isnt? You're safe!.... FOR NOW!!! bwhahaha (have to say Talisa totally made me happy in that part even though i dont like her)
Why you little BASTARD!! (apparently Ramsay as badass savior so far is kinda awesome. My roommate loves him... She is seriously thinking of applying for the part as his bride! She doesn't care what she has to do to make this happen.)
Wolf shaped bread (almost made me cry)
Sam the walking feast
Tormund and Jon working close together? please show me their bonding! 
Sapphires!!!
Jaime Screamed alright! It made me jump! I was thinking "are they really going to cut out his eye?"
A BEAR A BEAR!! *dances*
653	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I assumed Mance meant the White Walkers, not the wights. I did make a post about this very thing, but it's not approved yet.Ah thanks for informing me.I'm still confused why the corpses ended up so artistically sorted at the end, whether whites or wights be behind it, but I suppose it's not a big thing.
654	Sour Billy Tipton	2013-04-15	I don't like how they portrayed Blackfish in his first two scenes.  He's cocky and disrespectful to Edmure.  And that line where he tells Edmure to not call Robb nephew because he's King is hypocritical since Brynden should show his nephew/Lord of Riverrun some respect.
I don't know why they're using him to rub in the fact of Edmure's incompetence, possibly because they don't want Catelyn to have more hate mail for being mean to her little brother.
Regardless though the character of Brynden Tully on the show isn't going to be as well liked as in the books because they scratched his accolades from Robb's victories.  Which surprises me even more that they would drastically change his personality since they have some making up to do for such a beloved minor character.
The rest of the episode was fantastic.  Except for the song at the credits.  When I first heard they asked some band to do a rendition of TBATMF I assumed it would be in episode seven which is titled TBATMF!
					
					
							Edited by Sour Billy Tipton, 15 April 2013 - 01:20 AM.
655	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-15	They missed a huge opportunity to make Jamie's hand being cut off even better.
They made Jamie look like he is only a good swordsman due to false stories in the last episode and then reinforced it in this one. Now ppl just wont get how big a deal that scene was for Jamie and his character development later on.
Such a shame to bugger up such a big thing when it was so simple a thing to get right.
The Bear and the maiden Fair was poor imho. Not appropriate and poorly sung too! Wrong style.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 15 April 2013 - 01:13 AM.
656	ohpooratlas	2013-04-15	Loved the episode.
I'm really curious to see how non-book readers react to Dany saying she'll give away a dragon for all the unsullied.  I remember the first time reading the books and getting soooooo mad at her.  And then of course she burns the city to the ground and it is my favorite chapter in the entire series (can't wait for next week. ;x )
The streaming version I watched of the episode had the rock version of "The Bear and the Maiden Fair" kick in right as the knife is at Jaime's eye, so it was really jarring and not in a good way for me.  I'm guessing this is not how the episode actually aired?
They're doing a really good job in completely misrepresenting Ramsay's character.  I can't wait for the big reveal when it finally comes.
The only thing I did not like was the Stannis scene.  I had been giving him the benefit of the doubt in the first episode this season, but the change is just ... weird.  I would have been fine if they just ended the scene with Mel telling him another shadow baby would kill him.  Didn't think we needed the next Stannis line after that.
All in all a solid episode.  I can't wait for the next. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
657	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-15	Awesome moments:
- Varys sticking his tongue in his cheek (Tyrion sorta snickers) / musical chairs
- The Hound bopping his head / Gendry clapping Hot Pie's shoulder / that sweet direwolf pastry...he was totally getting a tiny crush
- BEAR AND MAIDEN FAIR!!!
- I know some people didn't like Stannis/Mel scene, but one thing I liked was him pressing his cheek to her head. Much better than kissing.
- "You little BASTARD" = I melted in squees. Oh, and Theon had a gorgeous horse. I was scared they were going to cripple it.
- Robb acting like a king and not a child. Fuck yeah.
- Pod saying "um...things."
- Lord Twat-beard XD
- Brienne taunting Jaime in her own way. Later, her expressions watching Locke and Jaime--she was looking half miffed, half scared. I think she could sense some bad shit was going down.
- JAIME. Poor dear heart. He did a great job with that split-second "wtf?" then the pain hitting home. Glokta described this a lot in Abercrombie's books.
Random note. ARGH, total dissonance for me! I knoooow the "Boy" is actually an evil little psycho, but when he walks out with his bow, HOT DAMN Iwan! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />  Please give him something evil to do so I'm not crushing! Oh, I will say this too -- it was really cool to see his change from when he let Theon go (subservient, servanty) to when he appeared in the forest (much more self-assured. He did look sinister up to "come my lord"). I really like the idea that he tricks Theon into making the keep surrender. Talk about an "oh fuck!" moment for Theon!
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 15 April 2013 - 01:16 AM.
658	MegaMagick	2013-04-15	What the ever loving hell did this show do to Stannis? They transformed him into somebody's sleazy, drunken uncle.
"You leavin' me!?" "Why you gotta go, where you goin' to!?" "Gimme some lovin', please come on baby i need another son!"
659	Hellfell	2013-04-15	The ending was priceless.
660	BericDondarrion	2013-04-15	Locke = the man.
"Catelyn Stark is a treasonous cunt" Loved that line. Couldn't stand how Brienne said it with her arrogance thinking that Catelyns word was more important then Robb's.
And then he cuts off Jaimes hand after menacing him! Locke should be the hand of the king in the north. He seems to be very loyal to Robb.
661	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Wait, did Pod have sex with them or not? I thought he was too shy to do it, and just lied about it to Tyrion and Bronn.
662	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	What the ever loving hell did this show do to Stannis? They transformed him into somebody's sleazy, drunken uncle."You leavin' me!?" "Why you gotta go, where you goin' to!?" "Gimme some lovin', please come on baby i need another son!"Yeah, when the fuck did Stannis turn into Theon?
663	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-15	Wow that episode was remarkably boring up until the Theon chase followed by Jamie getting his hand chopped off at the very end, now that shit was fucking epic!  It was nice to see that they are indeed finally adding the Rhaegar element in this season now that Ser Barristan is back in the mix though.  Oh and of course I almost forgot to mention..... as pointless as it was the extraordinarily flexible whore was still most certainly a sight for sore eyes. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 15 April 2013 - 02:07 AM.
664	Asha<U+0097>Not Yara!	2013-04-15	I thought Pod had sex, but the whores refused to take the money as a thank you to Tyrion for getting Ros released after the queen imprisioned her, but maybe Pod did chicken out.
665	barneyfife	2013-04-15	loved this episode really good stuff.
i havent seen it brought up in this thread unless i missed it.
but if there shipping LF off to the erie than would not the pw have to happen this season or am i missing something?
he cant leave to go there with out taking sansa with him right?
idk i thought the pw was next season but if not than thats great to me. i may have some small grapes about the episode as others have mentioned.
but the LF leaving thing was the only thing that confused me not a complaint more confused?
666	Nezzer	2013-04-15	Yeah, when the fuck did Stannis turn into Theon?At first I was really pissed at Stannis's beach scene, but then, after rewatching it, I actually thought it was not out of character for him. Then I found this text on Tumblr and now I actually like the scene:to me, stannis and melisandre<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship is such a delicate and carefully constructed balance of consumption vs preservation, and this scene expressed exactly that. you think stannis is not a hungry man, that he isn<U+0080><U+0099>t needy and desperate? he has been starving his entire life. and this woman appears to him, promising him life & kingship & glory <U+0080><U+0094> promising him godliness <U+0080><U+0094> you think this is easy to turn away from? no. he wants her. he does want her; he wants to fucking consume her. take that as you will. take it sexually, take it metaphorically. (the show can only do so much but i for one love that they<U+0080><U+0099>re taking this route <U+0080><U+0094> the literal act <U+0080><U+0094> his body mirroring her body from their sex scene in season two). because she is the sanctified god creator standing in front of him telling him, <U+0080><U+009C>you are not just king, no, you are the son of fire<U+0080><U+009D>. this man who has never been anything before, not really. who has been out-shined and looked over his entire life. the son of fire. a god. and she can give it to him. so fuck yes, he wants her. he wants her any way he can get her. and she, on the other hand <U+0080><U+0094> it is her sworn duty to protect him. remember what she tells davos? <U+0080><U+009C>i am a knight of sorts myself.<U+0080><U+009D> she is a warrior and a champion. she is his warrior and champion, and that means putting his wellbeing above all other things, it means perserving his body because he is the vessel in which her god survives. she holds his face in her hands but she will not give in, because she knows what is best for him. she is still holding him together. in every aspect of their relationship, she is still holding him together. whether he knows it or not.
667	Turin Turambar	2013-04-15	I think I'm the only person who didn't enjoy the Pod stuff...I like Pod, but it felt like a waste of time.  If it was funny I'd probably like it, but I didn't find it very funny. *shrug* guess it's just me.  Pretty good episode....I think the writing was much better than the previous two actually.  Nikolaj is such a good actor.You're not. I found that scene useless and too long. Instead of adding something relevant to the plot, they simply throw in an almost random & gratuitous nudity.
668	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	So Karstark is going to kill those two Lannister children next week. Book it.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 01:56 AM.
669	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	At first I was really pissed at Stannis's beach scene, but then, after rewatching it, I actually thought it was not out of character for him. Then I found this text on Tumblr and now I actually like the scene:[/indent]Thanks, that softened up my views on the scene. I noticed that even last season, the show was making Stannis similar to Macbeth(something which I actually liked) in his desire for the throne, and when you look at it that way, his behaviour does seem to fit in with this portrayal. But still, I like my Stannis unsmiling and rigid, not clingy and horny.
670	teemo	2013-04-15	You're not. I found that scene useless and too long. Instead of adding something relevant to the plot, they simply throw in an almost random & gratuitous nudity.I actually thought they were going somewhere with it when the whores didn't take Pod's money, but then it was a joke that I didn't really find funny...I would have preferred a longer Arya scene.  Or even a little Bran.  Those types of scenes are why some critics just can't take the show seriously, and it's hard to blame them with scenes like that with no point and aren't even from the books..
671	Crazeejezza	2013-04-15	One thing I didn't understand, that little Talisa scene with the Lannister hostages...are they truthfully setting her up as a spy?It was more to do with showing how young the Lannister boys are before Lord Karstark kills them to try get the viewers to agree with Robb's decision.
672	Bran's Legs	2013-04-15	Questions from Episode 3 I need clearing up?
1. Since when do the White Walkers arrange the dead in the shape of universes? I don't remember this from the books.
2. Why is Tormond going over the wall? Wasn't it someone else in the book? Can't remember. Does this mean Tormond is going to die?! I hope not. He hasn't even talked about his "biological advantages" yet.
3. What the eff is Ghost doing?
4. When is Samwell going to kill the wight?
5. Where are they making Stannis out to be a bitch?
6. Ramsay told Theon: "Winter is coming." WTF?
7. Locke seems like a good character for the show and all, but why replace the Bloody Mummers. Was really looking forward to seeing the leader of those dudes on screen. Would have made a great character. Maybe they couldn't find an actor good enough to pull off that role?
8. Why so much hate for the song at the end? Thought it was both great and equally as shocking as Jaime parting ways with his sword hand.
9. Lastly, who gives a rip if stuff in the show deviates from the book? I like the changes. It's not supposed to be exactly like the book. If it was, it would be difficult to watch. The Pod stuff was great. It showed Tyrion and Bronn are just dudes who want to know details of this Pod's great sex-capade. Now, I would't put it past Tyrion to have the whole thing set up that way to make Pod feel good about himself. You know, come out of his shell a little bit.
					
					
							Edited by Bran's Legs, 15 April 2013 - 02:08 AM.
673	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Just submitted Jaime's "I'M A MONSTER!!!!! AAAAARRRGHHHH" moment to Arrested Westeros.com. You all have no idea how long I've been waiting to bust that one out.
674	Turin Turambar	2013-04-15	I actually thought they were going somewhere with it when the whores didn't take Pod's money, but then it was a joke that I didn't really find funny...I would have preferred a longer Arya scene.  Or even a little Bran.  Those types of scenes are why some critics just can't take the show seriously, and it's hard to blame them with scenes like that with no point and aren't even from the books..I agree, but maybe HBO is trying to appeal to the lowest common denominator (which probably enjoys a grain of soft porn once in a while)
675	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	nice that the iron bank of braavos was mentionedd i must sayThey always get their gold back, one way or another.hint hint
676	Dove	2013-04-15	Just submitted Jaime's "I'M A MONSTER!!!!! AAAAARRRGHHHH" moment to Arrested Westeros.com. You all have no idea how long I've been waiting to bust that one out.Oh my god I forgot Arrested Westeros exists, thank you so much for reminding methere's gonna be so much Jaime and Theon material alone
677	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	I loved the Pod stuff.  Showed great camaraderie between the three men and a great reference to the Mereenese Knot.  Also liked it better than the books where Tyrion never really thanked Pod for playing such an important role in saving him.  Plus, it was a very Tyrion thing to do to thank him with whores.  I'm starting to like shades of the TV Tyrion better than book Tyrion.
I think some of you are happy mainly because there was so much fan service.  But I'm enjoying the series as usual, so whatever floats your boat.
678	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Just submitted Jaime's "I'M A MONSTER!!!!! AAAAARRRGHHHH" moment to Arrested Westeros.com. You all have no idea how long I've been waiting to bust that one out. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Questions from Episode 3 I need clearing up?1. Since when do the White Walkers arrange the dead in the shape of universes? I don't remember this from the books.Yeah, still confused here too...2. Why is Tormond going over the wall? Wasn't it someone else in the book? Can't remember. Does this mean Tormond is going to die?! I hope not. He hasn't even talked about his "biological advantages" yet.See, it's that 'biological advantage' that's why he's climbing the wall. When he reaches the top, he'll turn round, loose his member, and all the Wildlings will climb up it. Lot easier than lugging ropes and ladders.3. What the eff is Ghost doing?4. When is Samwell going to kill the wight?These are mysteries to me as well5. Where are they making Stannis out to be a bitch?6. Ramsay told Theon: "Winter is coming." WTF?5. Inorite? As bad as LF's portrayal in E1.6. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
679	kephv	2013-04-15	Ramsay told Theon: "Winter is coming." WTF?Well, after all, he is the trueborn lord of Winterfell.8. Why so much hate for the song at the end? Thought it was both great and equally as shocking as Jaime parting ways with his sword hand.Should've used this version:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=zJ0rzsNfmIc9. Lastly, who gives a rip if stuff in the show deviates from the book? I like the changes. It's not supposed to be exactly like the book. If it was, it would be difficult to watch.I for one don't. At least as long as that stuff is better than what's in the books. The majority of it hasn't been, however. It would be a lot easier to watch if they stuck closer to the books in those scenes.
680	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-15	I agree, but maybe HBO is trying to appeal to the lowest common denominator (which probably enjoys a grain of soft porn once in a while)"I didn't understand this scene it must be just for the really stupid people"
681	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Oh my god I forgot Arrested Westeros exists, thank you so much for reminding methere's gonna be so much Jaime and Theon material aloneI'm assuming after Ramsay reveals himself to Theon, we're going to have this exchange:"You tricked me""I deceived you. Tricked makes it sound like we have a playful relationship"EDIT: Just found this gem of a quote on the AV Club comments section:"The guy who cut off my hand was bearing a Roose seal!"
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 15 April 2013 - 02:25 AM.
682	Mladen	2013-04-15	With the risk I am going to be crucified /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />, I am not that big fan of this episode. And, here is why
1. Theon and Jaime. OK, we all like passing the judgement. I get that, and we finally saw two `villains` getting what they deserved. But, Theon`s `hunting party` is something this is cut into very small pieces, and every time I think there`ll be some great cathartic moment, I get disappointed. As for Jaime and his hand getting cut off, I am sorry, but that scene didn`t work for me. Locke seems ruthless yes, but cutting that hand was more than that. This was too random for my taste, especially giving Locke`s look as somewhat cunning man.
2. Podrick. This was incredibly funny. But, also immensly stupid. Podrick has become Catelyn of this episode, in character suicide thing. I like Podric from the book, I like Podric being shy and quiet as he was in the show, but to imagine him as some sex symbol that can make whores forget money, is too much for my taste
3. Edmure/Blackfish confrontation. This is strange business. I like Edmure, and I love Blackfish. They are separatly brilliant, but together they make strange combination. I didn`t like the whole pushing Edmure around like that, especially in public.
4. Small council meeting scene. The point of that scene eludes me. If it was just to give Tyrion somethig to work, than OK. But, I hoped to see more than just pulling the chairs. I wanted some really clever outsmarting between Tywin and Tyrion, LF and Varys and I have seen one of it. Entrance was great, but came next was just boring.
5. NW scene with Craster. I don`t know why I don`t like it, but I don`t. Basically, reprecutions of Sam not killing the Other (RIP Puddles /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ) is coming to bite this arc`s ass. And the beauty of Sam`s story in SOS is that he is now faced with ridicule for doing something right
6. Nudity. We have survived last episode without nudity, I don`t see the reason why couldn`t we skipped the naked whore thing in this episode. This nudity thing has become so frustrating, because in this episode I haven`t seen the purpose of it.
And, now I will focus on good things:
1. Arya, HotPie and Gendry. That scene was beautiful. It worked even better than in the books, since we don`t have official goodbye between Arya and HotPie, and I have to say I was really touched by direwolf bread, and have laughed when Arya started eating it.
2. Rhaegar died. You have to give credits to Iain Glen for this. Even with careful reading, sometimes the right tone of this line can elude you, but Iain made it sound so cool and determing. I love him in this episode. Actually, strangely enough, I liked entire Dany`s storyarc in this episode.
3. Blackfish. You imagine ruggedly older badass man, and we got the badass /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. He is brilliant. The scene between Cat and him was superbly acted and it set such great tone for the rest of the season. I hope we`ll see more of him.
4. Michelle Fairley. She shoots, and she scores. Controversial scene from last episode, and now conversation with Blackfish. This woman is truly stepping up this season.
5. Bear and maiden fair. Let`s face it, we like these songs... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Writing was good, but not superb. Acting as always was highlight of the day, and we have been presented with a song. Not bad but far from perfect. Now, you can position the fire squad /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 15 April 2013 - 02:31 AM.
683	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-15	4. When is Samwell going to kill the wight?The Other you mean? He'll probably kill it when Craster goes to sacrifice Gilly's son. And save the boy in the process.
684	Howdyphillip	2013-04-15	Ok, so this episode wasn't thrilling to me.  I was actually bored a lot of the time.  One thing I don't get, and I hope someone can explain it to me - Why did Pod get the whore services for free?His spear is incredibly large, and he is practiced at thrusting it using proper motion.
685	Howdyphillip	2013-04-15	Whoever posted the online episodes with the Bear and the Maiden Fair taped over Jaime losing his hand: I don't know who you are, but I will find you and I will kill you...Quit pirating and pay for the show... That way, It will make more money. have more budget and be a better product.Or... you could go to a forum and whine because someone disrupted your theft.
686	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	"I didn't understand this scene it must be just for the really stupid people"That's how I read the reaction too.  Maybe some viewers just don't catch the importance of male bonding between the characters, even if it involves whores.  For the context of the characters and their social norms/setting, it was perfect that they used whores to have a laugh.  Tea and lemon cakes wouldn't have worked, unless it was Sansa and Jeyne Poole.  Asking for details and a breakdown was a funny end.
687	Dove	2013-04-15	Bronn and Tyrion have a great on-screen chemistry, I enjoy all of their conversations a lot. You could make a point for the scene being overlong but I still liked it well enough and didn't really find it a waste of time.
It was a little jarring to go from LOL Pod -> HOLY SHIT THEON though, but that seems to be kind of the point of the whole episode
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 02:35 AM.
688	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-15	Am I the only one who thought Jaime's reaction to the cut hand was a bit narmy?
689	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	For Theon/Jaime, I think the show and books are sympatico.  You are supposed to enjoy watching the villians get theirs.  Americans especially have this sick fascination that once the hero is justified, watching torture porn on television is perfectly reasonable because the victim "deserved it."  The point with these scenes is you walk away uncomfortable.  You're not going to like Jaime's comeuppance because you'll learn about Aerys and his crazy pyromancer, and the impossible situation he was in choosing between his sister, father, and king.  Same goes for Theon where he truly doesn't deserve the damnation he receives.
690	Joey Beers	2013-04-15	How is it that I sometimes feel the show is moving a bit slowly when I don't have a problem spending many more hours reading the books? That being said, enjoyed the episode. Dany is much better so far this season. Tyrion and Bronn work great together. Jamie is perfectly portrayed. Jon's scenes are a bit of a letdown only because I always enjoyed his chapters in the book. Robb laughing during the funeral was weird and I can't stand Cat. That's my take /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
691	Slurktan	2013-04-15	I don't understand why people are mad/questioning the white walker art.  Who cares if was in the books or not?  It was established in the first five minutes of episode 1/season 1 that this is what the White Walkers do with bodies.
692	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-15	"Hey bro, move that horse head a few inches to the left." "WATCH IT, you&undefined<U+00BF>ll snap the ears off!" Haha, I jest, it was cool if a little funny.
I think we needed a somewhat lighter episode (with appropriate mood whiplash) to counter a lot of the shittiness that&undefined<U+00BF>s about to go down. The laugh before the storm...
It did make me "WTF?" that Theon got "maced" with only the wind knocked out of him, but I think he just dived off a second before. If you land funny when falling off a horse, you will get all the air knocked out of you. Leading to scared moms thinking you&undefined<U+00BF>ve broken your back or something until you can gasp out "Fine!"
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 15 April 2013 - 03:15 AM.
693	Mr Hodor	2013-04-15	Mereenese knot......
694	teemo	2013-04-15	People keep talking about how funny this episode was, but I didn't laugh ;( However, I'm not in much of a laughing mood today and haven't laughed at anything, so...
695	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-15	That's how I read the reaction too.  Maybe some viewers just don't catch the importance of male bonding between the characters, even if it involves whores.  For the context of the characters and their social norms/setting, it was perfect that they used whores to have a laugh.  Tea and lemon cakes wouldn't have worked, unless it was Sansa and Jeyne Poole.  Asking for details and a breakdown was a funny end.I'm not sure it was just for a laugh. I think Tyrion may be worried that the whores took advantage of Pod and got him to talk about anything he may know that could be of use to LF. You don't get something for free.Or then again, it could be just a joke...Irdk
696	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-15	I think the joke was that Tyrion paid Ros extra for "the full experience" whereby they don't accept the money?
697	Lannister_Lion	2013-04-15	I have been disappointed that Pods skill with a sword has never truly been demonstrated, his scenes in this episode felt like a nod to his character from the author for not really being able to show us his worth. lol but maybe thats just me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Best episode since Ned died IMO, no faults (I still want the accuracy of Robs scenes improved, but hey its getting there) and a lot to like
698	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-15	The bear and the maiden fair!! Finally.Brienne giving crap to Jaime is completely unacceptable though. She's supposed to be impressed.Edit: gonna miss Hot Pie!!!She'll probably admit it later on to him, he's being kinda mean to her at that point.Was Missandei not weirded out that Dany understood what Valar morghulis meant?Valar Morghulis is a popular saying. Many people that don't speak High Valyrian know what it means.Pod losing his virginity.. something they really didn't need to include. Strange that they did.Pod's a lot younger in the books(ten or twelve Brienne can't tell how old he is), Pod saved his life, Tyrion wants to reward him for it.I watch with my non book reader sister and her just reading book one now boyfriend, and they both kind of cheered when Jaime got his hand cut off saying he got what he deserved, whereas I was like "NOOOOOOOOOOOO."Watching it happen is so different than reading it. I think my imagination played it down.It's because you don't even know what happens. The chapter ends with the Darthanki swinging his blade down, and Jaime screamed. It's a couple hundred pages before the next Jaime chapter that reveals his hand was cut off.WOW....showrunners put the Meereenese knot in. What a great easter egg!Very good episode, definitely the best in this young season. The Blackfish was suitably baddass and Edmure dull-witted. Lulz over Pod. Well-endowed. he??? And that last scene. wow. You have to wonder how far along those rapers got with Brienne. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> And even though I knew it was coming, Jaime's end was great/awful.Brienne still seems to have her clothes on so.... not far I guess.One thing I didn't understand, that little Talisa scene with the Lannister hostages...are they truthfully setting her up as a spy?Yes, obviously, just like the PW is clearly this season because they mention the cost of it.On a serious note I think she's just trying to make polite conversation with them, and it's a good set-up "Don't worry he[Robb] doesn't harm little boys"Wonder what's gonna piss Karstark off so bad that he kills the lannister hostages. Can't remember if he has kids in this show or not.He's got nothing left now, all his sons died fighting a war that seems pretty hopeless right now. All that is driving him is revenge. We see many examples of this in the books. The huntsman that captures the Hound wants to throw him into a crow cage and let him rot. Lord Wyman wants to kill Frey's and bathe in their blood as he's dying.and then there's what Catelyn Stark becomes. Karstark in the show tells Catelyn he would gladly tear his heart out of his chest if it would bring his sons back to life and let them be stuck in captivity like her daughters are.I was wondering WHAT was Arya talking about when she said to the Hound "Do you remember the last time you were here?". After reading this I remembered she does not stop talking to him about what he did to Micah from Season 1!I was like "What?! When has Arya seen the Hound outside of the castle?!"I'm posting way too much, but this episode was really good!She saw the Hound at Winterfell, when the King visited and they traveled together back to KL, that place was one of the places they stopped.Hot Pie was cute. Does he still not realize Arya's a girl? He said "brother of a king".Hot Pie says "I'm no brother of a king" .... Arya's brother is a king.It does sound like he says 'Arry' when he says goodbye. Perhaps he didn't learn her first name after all.I have a feeling they are going to leave the Greyjoys out the show... Stannis only said I want Joffrey and Robb dead. So I dont think we are going to see Balon Greyjoys fly off the bridge... I was eager to see that scene... No dead Balon no kingsmoot... No euron no Victarion !? Or maybe they are keeping this for later, when some of the old characters will be dead...I saw about a one second clip of Yara from this season. Balon would die this season if they follow the books, it's the whole reason Robb sees the opportunity to get North again and the reason he goes to the Twins in the first place. The Kingsmoot wouldn't happen until next season, it gets called but it takes awhile for all the captains to get to Old Wyk.Perhaps Stannis isn't even worried about the Ironborne at this point? He did destroy their fleet in the Greyjoy Rebellion so I'm sure he believes he can take care of them again no problem. good to see riverunn in the credits and just a qustion when robb was yelling at edmure was he talking about tywin or the mountain cause tywin is all the way in kings landing also it was nice to see the lannister boys martin and the other one, didnt like that talisa isnt acting liek a proper queen and that the freys leaving is still not mentioned and i definitly didnt like that she tells them robb stark turns into a wolf whats the point of that it will only make robb seem like a monster.  i loved the ending locke is one hell of an actor and jaimes reaction before the credits....... PRiCELESSRobb is talking about how he had a trap set for the Mountain they would've surrounded him and killed him. He also explains that Tywin Lannister doesn't need his men as badly as they do because they're greatly outnumbered.Why did Pod get the whore services for free?"He[Pod] saved my life so I [Tyrion] owe him a small amount yes." - did he just make a dwarf pun at himself?"I[Littlefinger] owe you as well, it's said you helped my red hedded associate out of some trouble with the queen."so Tyrion owes Pod and Littlefinger owes Tyrion therefore Tyrion doesn't have to pay for Pod's reward.Tyrion might have figured it out, but Bronn certainly probably couldn't connect the dots so he goes along with it to give the boy some confidence."There are no masters in the grave" and the slave praying for death.   An interesting call back to the origin of the Faceless Men?Call forward actually isn't it? Since the show hasn't gotten that far yet.Nice catch though. It also probably strengthens Dany's resolve since that slave would rather be dead than a slave. Questions from Episode 3 I need clearing up?1. Since when do the White Walkers arrange the dead in the shape of universes? I don't remember this from the books.Since the first scene of NW that go beyond the wall in the first episode in the first season.2. Why is Tormond going over the wall? Wasn't it someone else in the book? Can't remember. Does this mean Tormond is going to die?! I hope not. He hasn't even talked about his "biological advantages" yet.It gives him something to do this season. I hope they don't alter him becoming King later on....3. What the eff is Ghost doing?4. When is Samwell going to kill the wight?5. Where are they making Stannis out to be a bitch?6. Ramsay told Theon: "Winter is coming." WTF?7. Locke seems like a good character for the show and all, but why replace the Bloody Mummers. Was really looking forward to seeing the leader of those dudes on screen. Would have made a great character. Maybe they couldn't find an actor good enough to pull off that role?8. Why so much hate for the song at the end? Thought it was both great and equally as shocking as Jaime parting ways with his sword hand.9. Lastly, who gives a rip if stuff in the show deviates from the book? I like the changes. It's not supposed to be exactly like the book. If it was, it would be difficult to watch. The Pod stuff was great. It showed Tyrion and Bronn are just dudes who want to know details of this Pod's great sex-capade. Now, I would't put it past Tyrion to have the whole thing set up that way to make Pod feel good about himself. You know, come out of his shell a little bit.3. scouting for wights? I have no clue really.4. Sam doesn't kill a wight, he kills a white walker. Probably when one is stupid enough to challenge the slayer. I'm guessing it comes after him and Gilly and the baby and he protects them?5. He just got pwned. He's a little bit depressed right now. Did you see the pile of notes on his table?6. Every Northman knows the Stark words.7. Changes made season 2 have a "weasel soup" domino effect. They weren't introduced then, so now they're unnecessary. Perhaps this also keeps us in the dark a little longer about how sellswords and their loyalty?They always get their gold back, one way or another.hint hintI believe the saying goes something like "The Iron Bank will have it's due."
699	The BlackBear	2013-04-15	Haven't read through yet, but I'll read back in a minute.Good Stuff!A few laughs: Tyrion with the chair, Hot Pie and Gendy (I ship it)Winterhell.'It's a wolf.' ... 'Yes it is''Don't get stabbed' 'Don't burn your fingers'THE FUCKING BEAR AND THE MAIDEN FAIR! Didn't like the rock and roll version at the end though. Good but nothing on The Rains.We're introduced to the Lannister squires, good addition I think.The Patterns the others made was interesting, a bit of fleshing out there. But no animal wights? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Crasters keep was well done, got the tension levels right, Craster's enough of a bully. Guys eyeing the girls, good build up.The translation was funny, (but I hoope we get the reveal about Dany understanding them, or else it's a bit flat.)Bad Stuff!The funeral: In the books Edmure misses because he's crying. But here he's just fucking useless. Blackfish shoves him out the way like a dick, and he's not sad either. Then Robb's being a bellend to Edmure too over Gregor, which is even more ridiculous than him being angry over Tywin, when he didn't share his plan in the book.Brienne and Jaime had no respect for the others fighting, which is a massive shame, I loved the mutual respect they had in the books.Then Robb and the Blackfish believe Bran and Rickon are alive... No! Just No.Stannis and Mel scene, was just odd, sets up the Gendry thing though. But the worst thing was Stannis wants the baby! He has no remorse about his brother. Big change from the books, don't like one bit.Dany didn't share her plan with Barristan and Jorah. Not sure about that. Then her being 'commanding' just seems very wooden. Still not convinced by EC.Any Other BusinessOrell is going south with Jon, not too sure about whether this'll work or not.Theon runaway, weirdly done. Ramsay (assuming) is an excellent marksman now, who kills his own men. That was odd. The Theon rape thing was actually not a bad addition, it's the type of thing I can imagine happening. And male rape happens quite regularly in conflicts around the globe, it's a big thing in Africa. Not sure of Ramsays plan here though.Jaime having his hand cut off was cheesy and the scream was awful.And Pod... Poor kid what was going on there....
700	Turin Turambar	2013-04-15	"I didn't understand this scene it must be just for the really stupid people"I didn't say that. Lowest common denominator = average viewer, not stupid, nor brilliant. Also, "I didn't like it" != "I didn't understand it"
701	moey reed	2013-04-15	"The Bear and the Maiden Fair" cracked me up both times.. The first time it made me laugh because the Bolton men were such improbably good singers. The second time it made me laugh was that punk rock version played right after Jaime Lannister lost his hand. It was such a random juxtaposition that it was weirdly hilarious.the guy singing it the first time is the singer of snow patrol if i'm not mistaken..there were news while filming that he would make a cameo /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />i enjoyed this episode..especially "you little bastard" ..all theon scenes actually, the acting is so good that i'm really, really dreading what's coming..poor fella!!!i'm really disappointed what they've done beyond the wall / in the north though..those are my favorite parts in the books and there's still no sam the slayer /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> i don't know it just seems as if the writer's don't think the world beyond the wall or the north is very important ..i also don't like what they've done to mance..i always imagined him as someone not so super warriorlike like in the show, i'm still waiting for mance the bardand worst of all, nothing about tormund's member /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />i'm still excited for the rest of the season though
702	Justin Danford	2013-04-15	Soooo.....Basically Locke chops Jaimie's hand during a fit of jealous rage, feeling inadequate next to Jamie's fancy words, and riches, and looks, etc. - and probably without fully thinking out the consequences before he did it?I mean, he just ordered Brienne to be left unharmed in order to preserve her value as a swap, so why else would he turn around and harm Jamie, an even more valuable prisoner?saw a lot of posts to this point, but I didn't see anyone really hit it on the head...It's not that Locke is dumb, jealous, or rage full ...  It's that Locke doesn't intend to ransom Jamie at all. He tells them that at the end of ep2 when Jamie says he is worth riches. As far as Locke is concerned, he'll bring Jamie back to Roose, Roose will send him to Robb where he will be beheaded for his crimes. A beheading goes just as well whether or not the prisoner has 1 or 2 hands.On the other...hand (had to) there was no mention of Brienne. She is not a fugitive, only a new prisoner. Thank's to Jamie she now has ransom value, and so is kept unbesmirched (not defiled)This, I feel, is an improvement to the source material. You sum up the whole motive for the "behanding" by simply saying that a Northman sworn to a bannerman of the King in the North would obviously assume the lord he is loyal to would not want to be on the Lannisters good side. Roose ought to be fine with a 1 handed Jamie if Roose was loyal. Since Roose has some other motives however...Locke thus introduces a few plot points and will help wrap that whole thing up nicely when the viewers consider it in retrospect
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 15 April 2013 - 05:32 AM.
703	Justin Danford	2013-04-15	I have a feeling they are going to leave the Greyjoys out the show... Stannis only said I want Joffrey and Robb dead. So I dont think we are going to see Balon Greyjoys fly off the bridge... I was eager to see that scene... No dead Balon no kingsmoot... No euron no Victarion !? Or maybe they are keeping this for later, when some of the old characters will be dead...I think this is a plot-line for S4 when, as you say, the cast will be a few heads lighter. I also think its a nice line for Ramsey to deliver to Theon right after he betrays him or is torturing him. "And by the way, your Father is dead."
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 15 April 2013 - 05:29 AM.
704	The BlackBear	2013-04-15	and so is kept besmirched (not defiled)You mean un-besmirched
705	Justin Danford	2013-04-15	You mean un-besmirchedI do mean that, I spell checked the post and overlooked the fix, thank you
706	Volantis	2013-04-15	what did Stannis do to deserve this treatment
707	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	It seems from the first Jaime/Brienne scene here their whole Jaime being overrated at fighting was a deliberate point by the Directing team. I think I prefer that to it just being a result of inadequate direction
708	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	That was a great fucking episode.
 The Blackfish is AWESOME
I liked that they kept the "watch for me, little cat" line
Not a fan of that Stannis scene. 
Jaimes hand was great.
709	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	I don't mind the sex scenes but do we have to have gratuitous sex scenes?
710	bayrodney	2013-04-15	Please direct me in the right direction if it has been discussed before but:
I thought leading up to this episode they promoted that BOTH David Benioff and DB Weiss were directing this episode? In the opening credits they only had Benioff's name.
Or am I wrong?
711	Rockroi	2013-04-15	Maybe because its only episode 3 of a 10 episode season? This isn't the last time we see Stannis and character development is something that happens over time.Yeah... except that Stannis has had so little screen time (understandably) and they decide to focus on him being bitchy and whiney?  Not terribly convincing.  Now, in defence of the scene, I will say that Stannis really does not really jump-up in true conciousness until deep into book 3 so I can definately see what your point it here.  At the same time, my concern is that they are choosing very, very questionable ways to detail Stannis, and him being a petulant brat is not that compelling. Now, ONE LAST point to try to salvage what I thought was the worst scene in the episode: namely, that for viewers of the show who saw Stannis morph a shadow and kill Renly, they must be asking themselves "JEsus Christ, Stannis; just make another shadow baby and put an end to this!"  Well, the show has to provide context as to why he is not taking that course of action.  In the books, its only hinted at; here the show has to spell it out, otherwise they would constantly be complaining that Stannis could just "Fire-up a Shadow." So, in that limited context I can understand why the show felt the need to make that clear via the dialog provided. Still a very weak scene, though.
712	jmk51	2013-04-15	Besides the usual book deviation whining,  I thought the opening scene between Blackfish/Edmure was perfect.  Established Blackfish as a bad as and Edmure as incompetent in 3 minutes.
713	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	I think this is a plot-line for S4 when, as you say, the cast will be a few heads lighter. I also think its a nice line for Ramsey to deliver to Theon right after he betrays him or is torturing him. "And by the way, your Father is dead."Yeah, looks to be some herd-culling toward the end of this season and the beginning of the next.Should give D&D time to Tyrell and Greyjoy it up in this hizzouse.
714	Rockroi	2013-04-15	Now to answer some questions:1. Since when do the White Walkers arrange the dead in the shape of universes? I don't remember this from the books.Nothing like this is described in the books.  However, the show has made it a point to express the visual "work" of the Others- made especially in the opening scene of the series.  I particularly like it because its clear and dramatic evidence that the White Walkers are more than just mindless zombies, but have more style and possibly, more substance. 2. Why is Tormond going over the wall? Wasn't it someone else in the book? Can't remember. Does this mean Tormond is going to die?! I hope not. He hasn't even talked about his "biological advantages" yet.Tormond is an amalgamation of several characters from Beyond the Wall and I really like it.  I like that he is scene as a mega-tough guy and sort of an impish teller of tall-tales.  I like the balance.  IIRC, he never went beyond the Wall in Book 3, but I could be mistaken.3. What the eff is Ghost doing?Many are saying that he was "hunting wights."  I got a completely different vibe here.  To me, Ghost is not going back to Caster's Keep because Jon Snow hated the place.  Once Jon learned what was going on there, Ghost sort of said, "This is a place that even men think is fucked!  I am staying away..." and that scene with Tarly is as if he is saying to Sam , "... and you should stay away from this place, too!" 4. When is Samwell going to kill the wight?He may never, which I think is a mistake (I think the whole "Flight from the Fist" has been half-assed (and I know why: to do the scene as it was in the books would have been far, far too expensive).). But if he is, it will be in defending Gilly and the baby, either at Craster's or soon thereafter. 5. Where are they making Stannis out to be a bitch?I think I have answered this question enough. 6. Ramsay told Theon: "Winter is coming." WTF?KInd of a give-away there.  A the same time, I think Ramsey is toying with Theon insofar as he is trying to guage whether or not Theon is Ironborn, truly, or is more Northerner.  The words of house Stark may give him some insight there. 7. Locke seems like a good character for the show and all, but why replace the Bloody Mummers. Was really looking forward to seeing the leader of those dudes on screen. Would have made a great character. Maybe they couldn't find an actor good enough to pull off that role?I think because to make another troupe and give an entire different group an identity would require developing more characters, give more dialog to more actors and expand the footprint of that part of the story which would take up much more time than the show can expend.  In "a perfect world" I would have loved to have seen that group of crazies blustering through Westeroes,  But I sort of understand why they have not gone that way here. 8. Why so much hate for the song at the end? Thought it was both great and equally as shocking as Jaime parting ways with his sword hand.Agreed.9. Lastly, who gives a rip if stuff in the show deviates from the book? I like the changes. It's not supposed to be exactly like the book. If it was, it would be difficult to watch. The Pod stuff was great. It showed Tyrion and Bronn are just dudes who want to know details of this Pod's great sex-capade. Now, I would't put it past Tyrion to have the whole thing set up that way to make Pod feel good about himself. You know, come out of his shell a little bit.These are two different thoughts- I think the Pod scene was fun, funny, nicely done and a very very welcome addition. I also think that the show can be very good by being different from the book.  There have been a myriad of examples of the show adding a great deal to the story by veering away from what was in the books.  A brief (and incomplete) list of examples:-Robert and Cersei's "FIve v. One" discussion in season 1;-Stannis and Davos' "Ate the horses first" dialog;-Any scene with Natalie Dormer as Maergery Tyrell; she is incredible.-The conflation of the "shadow baby" and the death of Renly scenes- excellent time saving there. -The introduction of the Reeds now instead of earlier where they would have muddled the story;-Viserys coming to life far more completely than in the booksI also understand that certain things that I loved in the books cannot be included in the show because, well, its only ten hours.  Maybe the biggest example of this was the love-making scene between Irri and Dany the Tower of Joy scene in Game of Thrones that has been abandoned.  I understand why they did it even if I would have really wanted to see that scene and that it is very important to the explination of the series, Jon Snow, Ned Stark and how fucked up this place got. But, but but but but BUT!  THat does not mean every addition is welcome, or that I have to like something different mearly becxause "Well, this isn't the book so blah blah blah blah!" "Different" does not always mean "better;" its sometimes just "different."  For me, I can criticize something on the merits and not merely because it was not in the book AND be rational about it!  Quarth was not in the books- it was a terrible part of the second season and almost dragged the whole thing down; I don't likethis reimagined version of Stannis just as I did not like the reimagined version of Renly (book Renly was dashing; show-Renly was a child).  I can like certain things on the merits just as I can dislike certain things on the merits.Finally, everyone has to remember one thing: the book works.  It worked so well that it sold millions of copies and generated HUGE fan interest to the point that it begat the show!  Therefore, if you are going to change the books, it should be for a good reason.  And most of the time the reason is really good (budget, story constraints, time) but that does not always mean I have to like it. For me, I look at the show as an "Alternate Reality" Westroes - some things have changed, some have stayed the same and I judge each bit of it on its own.  Nothing wrong with that.
715	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Not everything they do that doesn't come from the books is annoying.  The Pod scene was annoying because it (a) serves no plot purpose, it doesn't "show" us anything about the characters or advance the story in any way.....and (/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> it is doubly annoying to take time away from important plot points for a long scene that does nothing to advance the plot or show any insight.  Yes, the Merenese knot line was a nice insider joke, but it wasn't worth the very long scene that could have been used for example to make the Arya/Hot Pie/BWB scene longer and more poignant.
I had no problem w/the moving the chair scene because it was showing you something about the duel for power, how Tywin Lannister holds all the power now and eveyrone else is a toady and how Cersei and Tyrion are in competition and it did also advance the plot because Tyrion got named Master of Coin.
716	rohit39	2013-04-15	Being from India, i'm quite unfortunate to not have access to the latest episodes, well atleast legally. So i generally download a torrent of the episodes and watch them (Can't blame me, who can wait!), and the rip i downloaded seemed to have started the Bear and the Maiden Fair a bit earlier than the credits started, resulting in the last few dialogues (and unfortunately Jaime's scream) being unheard. Any kind soul here to fill up the gaps for me? Or a link to a transcript of the episode?
717	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	Being from India, i'm quite unfortunate to not have access to the latest episodes, well atleast legally. So i generally download a torrent of the episodes and watch them (Can't blame me, who can wait!), and the rip i downloaded seemed to have started the Bear and the Maiden Fair a bit earlier than the credits started, resulting in the last few dialogues (and unfortunately Jaime's scream) being unheard. Any kind soul here to fill up the gaps for me? Or a link to a transcript of the episode?Locke says: Have you got something to say? Careful, you don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. Never forget that. Here, this should help you remember!
718	Bayard	2013-04-15	Why are wights artists now (the bodies)? Not a big deal again, but kinda just silly.They did the exact same thing in the first episode of Season 1, only then it was with human parts.Wait, did Pod have sex with them or not? I thought he was too shy to do it, and just lied about it to Tyrion and Bronn.2. Podrick. This was incredibly funny. But, also immensly stupid. Podrick has become Catelyn of this episode, in character suicide thing. I like Podric from the book, I like Podric being shy and quiet as he was in the show, but to imagine him as some sex symbol that can make whores forget money, is too much for my tasteHe's not a sex god /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> nobody is the first time. Tyrion arranged the whole stuff, emphasizing that he left a lot of money for the whores... why do you think Ros was looking at Pod like that and smiling??? just because he was a new client?? it was a little mischief going on between her and Tyrion. That's it.Quit pirating and pay for the show... That way, It will make more money. have more budget and be a better product.Or... you could go to a forum and whine because someone disrupted your theft.You understand of course that except US, almost nobody gets the episode immediatly, some countries get it the next day, some after a week, I heard in Australia it takes over 6 months, and some unlucky few can't get it at all!! HBO doesn't offer the option of online purchase, so what are we supposed to do??? wait a year?? I buy the Blu-Rays, but I also download the episodes immediatly, like many others do. Actually, there was a study made, that people who bother to download an illegal torrent, are more likely to buy CDs/DVDs, then casual watchers, because they are more interested in that stuff then others.
719	wolverine	2013-04-15	Why is Ghost following Sam?To possibly have a decent explanation for how he ends up on the other side of the Wall after Jon goes over the top.
720	Spidey	2013-04-15	She saw the Hound at Winterfell, when the King visited and they traveled together back to KL, that place was one of the places they stopped.It's even the same set, both inside and outside.
721	wolverine	2013-04-15	I assume that is the inn where the Hound brought Micah back dead on his horse and Ned was forced to kill Lady.I loved the Pod stuff.  Showed great camaraderie between the three men and a great reference to the Mereenese Knot.  Also liked it better than the books where Tyrion never really thanked Pod for playing such an important role in saving him.  Plus, it was a very Tyrion thing to do to thank him with whores.  I'm starting to like shades of the TV Tyrion better than book Tyrion.I think some of you are happy mainly because there was so much fan service.  But I'm enjoying the series as usual, so whatever floats your boat.I actually thought this scene was fine and I have found most of the sex scenes pointless so far.I have said for quite awhile that show Tyrion is far more likable than book Tyrion.For Theon/Jaime, I think the show and books are sympatico.  You are supposed to enjoy watching the villians get theirs.  Americans especially have this sick fascination that once the hero is justified, watching torture porn on television is perfectly reasonable because the victim "deserved it."  The point with these scenes is you walk away uncomfortable.  You're not going to like Jaime's comeuppance because you'll learn about Aerys and his crazy pyromancer, and the impossible situation he was in choosing between his sister, father, and king.  Same goes for Theon where he truly doesn't deserve the damnation he receives.????Um ok.  I found the little torture shown so far to make me turn my head away and reading it in the book I felt horrible for Theon, even if he was a snake.  I sincerely hoped for some redemption for him.
722	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Being from India, i'm quite unfortunate to not have access to the latest episodes, well atleast legally. So i generally download a torrent of the episodes and watch them (Can't blame me, who can wait!), and the rip i downloaded seemed to have started the Bear and the Maiden Fair a bit earlier than the credits started, resulting in the last few dialogues (and unfortunately Jaime's scream) being unheard. Any kind soul here to fill up the gaps for me? Or a link to a transcript of the episode?Here: https://www.youtube....h?v=S7XUz6XnzlgStart at about 6:39 I'd say.
723	victim	2013-04-15	Anguy wears Northern armor. I thought it was interesting.
724	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-15	Loved the episode but... that line "but we are not men" - badass line and I love some Dany badassness, but it just felt awkward...
725	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-15	Oh and the actress for Missandei is terribly cast. Not convincing at all. Should have at least got someone not from the UK as well.
726	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-15	A quick view also on the White Walkers horse head death spiral. I dont think its too odd for the show, in the pilot the bodies were also arranged in a pattern, as well as the season 3 premier with the nightswatchmen with his head in his hands. so there is a precedent.
I think its is an attempt to convey that the Walkers are not just mindless oafs but something mysterious, something intelligent, and something more. Also adds to there creepy factor.
727	rohit39	2013-04-15	Here: https://www.youtube....h?v=S7XUz6XnzlgStart at about 6:39 I'd say.Much obliged!
728	rohit39	2013-04-15	You understand of course that except US, almost nobody gets the episode immediatly, some countries get it the next day, some after a week, I heard in Australia it takes over 6 months, and some unlucky few can't get it at all!! HBO doesn't offer the option of online purchase, so what are we supposed to do??? wait a year?? I buy the Blu-Rays, but I also download the episodes immediatly, like many others do. Actually, there was a study made, that people who bother to download an illegal torrent, are more likely to buy CDs/DVDs, then casual watchers, because they are more interested in that stuff then others.Well said. It definitely is a faster way of spreading word of the show too.
729	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	A quick view also on the White Walkers horse head death spiral. I dont think its too odd for the show, in the pilot the bodies were also arranged in a pattern, as well as the season 3 premier with the nightswatchmen with his head in his hands. so there is a precedent.I think its is an attempt to convey that the Walkers are not just mindless oafs but something mysterious, something intelligent, and something more. Also adds to there creepy factor.I agree. I like the creepy patterns White Walkers did in season 1, nice to see them again. It shows they have symbols and communication, meaning a culture of some sorts.  Its no different than Westeros/Essos people mounting heads, haging slaves, etc. It sends a message.
730	victim	2013-04-15	Did anyone else get giddy at the mere mention of Rhaegar or was it just me?
731	MsLibby	2013-04-15	This is going to sound wierd, but I liked the bit with Pod and the whores. In Tyrions mind he was doing what his big brother did for him, buying him a whore to fuck.  He sees it as a show of affection.
732	The Northern Scholar	2013-04-15	Did anyone else get giddy at the mere mention of Rhaegar or was it just me?I definitely did!  I wish HBO could put together a short digital clip showing the Battle at the Trident or something like that.  I don't think it's feasible, but I know they've done it for shows like the Wire.
733	ckal	2013-04-15	DID NOT LIKE:
It makes NO SENSE why they changed Edmure's blunder from Tywin to the Mountain....like...what?!?!? Especially for non-book readers, this would have explained in 2 sentences how Tywin+Tyrells were able to show up last minute at the Battle of the Blackwater and turn the tides to victory. ALSO, this shows how close Stannis was to actually being on the Iron Throne, and how huge of a blunder this was. For the show runners to change it....is just senseless. I mean literally all they did was change Tywin to Mountain and fords to mill and blackwater to now i have a mill.
Things like this just piss me off so much.
The Pod scenes were an incredibly waste of time. Things like this also really piss me off because these precious minutes could easily be allocated to story lines and characters far more deserving....than fucking random whores.
Did not like the song at the end of the episode after such an intense moment. They should have played it off like after Ned got his head chopped off, but I imagine they will do this for the RW. And although Jaime is my (and many others' favorite character), many non-book readers probably still don't like Jaime at this point, which I imagine is why they may have decided to go this route.
Other than those things, this was a strong episode, far, FAR better than episode 2, which was terrible. I think the season is only going to get better, everything coming up looks to be pretty intense.
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 15 April 2013 - 09:29 AM.
734	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-15	Did anyone else get giddy at the mere mention of Rhaegar or was it just me?I second That
735	ckal	2013-04-15	About Mance-
Yeah he is definitely not the character from the books we all know and love. On the show, he is very dull and nothing about him is unique. I don't think Ciaran Hinds was the proper actor to cast. But we cannot be upset with Hinds. The role of Mance Rayder was already written far before Hinds was cast. Regardless of the actor portraying Mance, we would have still gotten the exact same Mance. The blame is entirely on DnD for that, not Hinds.
736	workinovatime	2013-04-15	And although Jaime is my (and many others' favorite character), many non-book readers probably still don't like Jaime at this point, which I imagine is why they may have decided to go this route.I watched with one reader (who's finished) and 4 non-book readers, and I can say the room was pretty mixed, but no one was happy about the hand. I think having saved Brienne helped a lot, but also Jaime is played as the "likable dick" for most of Season 2 and on (most of people in the room forgot he even fought Ned in Season 1). It was interesting hearing at least 2 of those non-readers go "wait, that's his sword-hand! how will he be a knight now?"Other small things that made me too giddy: Iron Bank of Braavos, showing how sweet and innocent those Lannister kids are (I was worried Karstark wouldn't take any heads, and now I don't think I need worry /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />), and having moar Rhaegar talk.
737	workinovatime	2013-04-15	About Mance-Yeah he is definitely not the character from the books we all know and love. On the show, he is very dull and nothing about him is unique. I don't think Ciaran Hinds was the proper actor to cast. But we cannot be upset with Hinds. The role of Mance Rayder was already written far before Hinds was cast. Regardless of the actor portraying Mance, we would have still gotten the exact same Mance. The blame is entirely on DnD for that, not Hinds.Agreed. Hinds is incredible, I just think DnD missed the mark on Mance big time. I get that this cast keeps growing, but it was a bummer to see non-book watchers at my place literally ask, "Wait, who's he again?"
					
					
							Edited by workinovatime, 15 April 2013 - 09:41 AM.
738	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	Did anyone else get giddy at the mere mention of Rhaegar or was it just me?Not gonna lie. When Jorah said arguably my favorite line from the books about Rhaegar, I had to pause it because I was so happy.  The history of this world is one of my favorite things about this series and I am glad some of it is finally making it to the show.  Another thing that really brings a smile to my face is hearing people singing some of the songs during the show.  It really brings life to the culture of the people in Westeros.  Just a great episode on many levels.
739	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	Agreed. Hinds is incredible, I just think DnD missed the mark on Mance big time. I get that this cast keeps growing, but it was a bummer to see non-book watches at my place literally ask, "Wait, who's he again?"I honestly think it was a casting issue.  I think they wanted Dominic West as more of the book version of Mance.  When that fell through they didnt want to take a risk with someone who could really destroy those scenes with a bad performance.  Book Mance is very nuanced and if played wrong could just come across as an idiot clown.  So they took a safer approach and went with a reserved and battle hardened general type with Hinds.  Does it make me sad? Yes, I think that Dominic West would have been a terrific book Mance.  However I understand their approach.  Jon is the star in that story.  With limited screen time (thanks to all the boobs and filler required by HBO) they didnt want to detract from Jon.  Makes sense.  Hinds does a wonderful job for the job they gave him.
740	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I honestly think it was a casting issue.  I think they wanted Dominic West as more of the book version of Mance.  When that fell through they didnt want to take a risk with someone who could really destroy those scenes with a bad performance.  Book Mance is very nuanced and if played wrong could just come across as an idiot clown.  So they took a safer approach and went with a reserved and battle hardened general type with Hinds.  Does it make me sad? Yes, I think that Dominic West would have been a terrific book Mance.  However I understand their approach.  Jon is the star in that story.  With limited screen time (thanks to all the boobs and filler required by HBO) they didnt want to detract from Jon.  Makes sense.  Hinds does a wonderful job for the job they gave him.West seems young to play Mance. The problem isn't the actor, its the bland, super grim characterization he's been given.He does not seem like the person who has the charisma and chops to unite the wildlings and be named King Beyond the Wall.
741	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	West seems young to play Mance.The problem isn't the actor, its the bland, super grim characterization he's been given.He does not seem like the person who has the charisma and chops to unite the wildlings and be named King Beyond the Wall.Eh, West is almost 44.  That seems a bit right.  Maybe a tad young but I think he could pull it off.Like I was saying, the role has been changed completely.  Even the reason for the unification of the wildling clans has been changed.Book: Charismatic, charming and cunning Mance unites the clans because they see him as their deserving leader.Show: Cold, reserved, and battle hardened Mance unites the clans because they are terrified of the white walkers.To me the decision to rewrite Mance looks to be a casting issue.  Because show Mance is a lot less interesting than the book version.  I think they wanted Mance to be a lot more of a supporting character than one that steals scenes away from Jon unless they really had a special actor for the role.
742	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Eh, West is almost 44.  That seems a bit right.  Maybe a tad young but I think he could pull it off.Like I was saying, the role has been changed completely.  Even the reason for the unification of the wildling clans has been changed.Book: Charismatic, charming and cunning Mance unites the clans because they see him as their deserving leader.Show: Cold, reserved, and battle hardened Mance unites the clans because they are terrified of the white walkers.To me the decision to rewrite Mance looks to be a casting issue.  Because show Mance is a lot less interesting than the book version.  I think they wanted Mance to be a lot more of a supporting character than one that steals scenes away from Jon unless they really had a special actor for the role.I'm sad to say, my faith in Kit is almost gone, and I feel like just about anyone could steal the scenes from him.  He looks the part, but thats all I have to say about anymore, I'm very disappointed in his acting.
743	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	I'm sad to say, my faith in Kit is almost gone, and I feel like just about anyone could steal the scenes from him.  He looks the part, but thats all I have to say about anymore, I'm very disappointed in his acting.They havent given him anything to work with.  I will admit that he still could do a better job but his scenes are so short and so focused on introducing the interesting new Wildling characters that you forget Jon is there.
744	ckal	2013-04-15	I watched with one reader (who's finished) and 4 non-book readers, and I can say the room was pretty mixed, but no one was happy about the hand. I think having saved Brienne helped a lot, but also Jaime is played as the "likable dick" for most of Season 2 and on (most of people in the room forgot he even fought Ned in Season 1). It was interesting hearing at least 2 of those non-readers go "wait, that's his sword-hand! how will he be a knight now?"Other small things that made me too giddy: Iron Bank of Braavos, showing how sweet and innocent those Lannister kids are (I was worried Karstark wouldn't take any heads, and now I don't think I need worry /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />), and having moar Rhaegar talk.Yeah, really just personal preference it comes down to I guess. But certain themes like Jaime losing his hand, I think everyone can understand the implications of. This is really the part in the books that many people start to love Jaime, and I think we will start to see many non-book readers express the same sentiment as well. Needless to say, NCW is fantastic.We should be seeing a good old Lord Karstark beheading this season =)I really like the Rhaegar talk too!Agreed. Hinds is incredible, I just think DnD missed the mark on Mance big time. I get that this cast keeps growing, but it was a bummer to see non-book watchers at my place literally ask, "Wait, who's he again?"Yeah I know =( Mance at this point seems to be a big missed opportunity to create a fan favorite, fun, and unique character.I honestly think it was a casting issue.  I think they wanted Dominic West as more of the book version of Mance.  When that fell through they didnt want to take a risk with someone who could really destroy those scenes with a bad performance.  Book Mance is very nuanced and if played wrong could just come across as an idiot clown.  So they took a safer approach and went with a reserved and battle hardened general type with Hinds.  Does it make me sad? Yes, I think that Dominic West would have been a terrific book Mance.  However I understand their approach.  Jon is the star in that story.  With limited screen time (thanks to all the boobs and filler required by HBO) they didnt want to detract from Jon.  Makes sense.  Hinds does a wonderful job for the job they gave him.It is not a casting issue. The script and character of Mance was already written before West was potentially cast and well before Hinds was cast. It would just have been a younger looking Mance, but still the same character. DnD said season 4 is already written, by the way, so similar to the Mance casting, they will just be looking to cast actors for new characters that fit the characters already written.
745	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	They havent given him anything to work with.  I will admit that he still could do a better job but his scenes are so short and so focused on introducing the interesting new Wildling characters that you forget Jon is there.That's because  he's not a very good actor, no?  There are gazillions of examples of scene stealing actors who play minor roles and get all the attention.  The fact that JON SNOW fades into the background and does nothing but the same reaction shot over and over again to me is a symptom of Kit Harrington.  I've said before, I now wish they had cast Richard Madden as Jon Snow, he is much  more charismatic and commanding a screne presence than Harrington, I will be sad to see him go.
746	ckal	2013-04-15	I'm sad to say, my faith in Kit is almost gone, and I feel like just about anyone could steal the scenes from him.  He looks the part, but thats all I have to say about anymore, I'm very disappointed in his acting.They havent given him anything to work with.  I will admit that he still could do a better job but his scenes are so short and so focused on introducing the interesting new Wildling characters that you forget Jon is there.Kit will certainly be given more to do this season and next. But once he becomes LC, I imagine he will come off far more bland since his character changes into such a serious and grim one.
747	ckal	2013-04-15	That's because  he's not a very good actor, no?  There are gazillions of examples of scene stealing actors who play minor roles and get all the attention.  The fact that JON SNOW fades into the background and does nothing but the same reaction shot over and over again to me is a symptom of Kit Harrington.  I've said before, I now wish they had cast Richard Madden as Jon Snow, he is much  more charismatic and commanding a screne presence than Harrington, I will be sad to see him go.That is sort of the character of Jon Snow from the books. He is always surrounded by interesting and 'pop off the page' characters, and Jon himself isn't all that 'interesting' and is lacking that 'electric personality' many of the other characters he interacts with has.
748	jmk51	2013-04-15	I'll hold judgement on Mance for a while.  Book Mance was different,  but maybe they thought some harp playing bard leading a cast of "savages" beyond the wall just didn't make sense on the screen? 
Maybe a little too much Tolkien type fantasy for the world they've created,  which is more like Conan low fantasy?
749	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	That's because  he's not a very good actor, no?  There are gazillions of examples of scene stealing actors who play minor roles and get all the attention.  The fact that JON SNOW fades into the background and does nothing but the same reaction shot over and over again to me is a symptom of Kit Harrington.  I've said before, I now wish they had cast Richard Madden as Jon Snow, he is much  more charismatic and commanding a screne presence than Harrington, I will be sad to see him go.Madden has done a great job.  Especially this season.  I loved Robb's scene with Edmure Tully.
750	Bannerman918	2013-04-15	It's a really small thing, but I hate that Jamie hasn't called Brienne "wench" once since they got paired up.
751	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	It is not a casting issue. The script and character of Mance was already written before West was potentially cast and well before Hinds was cast. It would just have been a younger looking Mance, but still the same character. DnD said season 4 is already written, by the way, so similar to the Mance casting, they will just be looking to cast actors for new characters that fit the characters already written.Rewrites are done all the time.  Even large rewrites of certain characters.  Changes are made before casting, during casting, after casting, and even during shooting.  Sometimes rewrites are done and then re-shot.  Just because they said they completed the script doesnt mean they didnt make changes afterwards to better reflect certain actor's acting style.  Hinds and West are completely different.  They bring a completely different feel to the character.  I highly doubt what we see is word for word what they wanted for West.
752	Drowningfish2304	2013-04-15	The episode was one of the best so far this season in my opinion, though there were a few gripesI enjoyed:The Jaime and Brienne scenes, the one near the start on the horse, and the brilliant one at the end where Jaime talks Locke out of having the men rape Brienne, and then his hand being cut off at the end was brilliantly done!The scene between Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie, it was emotive and made me feel something which is always lovelyThe scene between the council at King's Landing, the awkward start, it was just like the books which is something I always like to see, and then later the Tyrion & Littlefinger talk about being master of coin was great, because I saw the link between that and the banking in today's world.The scene between Catelyn and the Blackfish, beautifully scripted, capturing Catelyn's grief wonderfully, and introducing the Blackfish's character nicelyThe scene with Jon at the Fist, with the weird horses, and Mance, I just love his character, I did want to see a bit more of Ygritte though, she hasn't been made of as much importance so far in the season as I'd like.The "Walk of Punishment" scene with Jorah, Dany and Barristan. I loved the Jorah quotes, and the clash of personalities, and it was just nice.I didn't enjoy:The scene of the Night's Watch at Crasters, it just seemed a bit cold and lifeless, it just wasn't that exciting to watch. Though it's exactly the way it should be really. I just would have liked to see the white walkers a bit more!The Theon scenes, I have no idea what they are doing with this story but I don't really care for it, and I don't think many people do. Theon's story in Season 2 was brilliant, but this one is just taking up valuable screen time that could be used on other things.The scene between Stannis and Melisandre, very dull, and I don't know what they're doing with this story either but I don't care for it too much whatever is happening.The scene with Tyrion, Bronn and Pod. I just found it to be extremely pointless, adding humour to the show that just isn't needed, there are so many things they could have done with those 5-10 minutes and it's all wasted on NOTHING, no character development in any way either. I think of Tyrion, Bronn and Pod in exactly the same way as I did before that scene. It's just time wasted for gratuitous nudity in my opinion.Scenes I'm not sure about:The funeral scene that began the episode, I enjoyed the scene but the characterization of Edmure was a bit odd, and I don't really like the way the storyline for Robb & Catelyn has been mixed around, and rushed in some parts, where it's gone too slowly in other parts. I think it's just the book-enthusiast in me that made me have mixed feelings about that scene.The Daenerys scene meeting with the master slaver. The scene was alright, it happened a bit too quickly though and made me think about how Dany's story this season has been rushed 10x more than it should have been. They've gone through about 3 or 4 chapters in 3 episodes, and they have about 1 or 2 more to go through in 7 episodes. They need to take it much slower with Daenerys! I would have liked more talk with Jorah and Barristan about the unsullied, more advice giving, the scene has just made her look like a ruthless naive girl, and she is a bit, but not as much as she is portrayed so in the show.Scenes I would have liked:Some development between the Jon & Ygritte relationship, I was looking forward to their little romance arc this season, and I don't know whether it will be as powerful as I imagined now because there's been nothing between them all these 3 episodes, where is the love? They've given the most minimalistic approach to Jon's arc so far, and replaced what could have been with gratuitous nudity and unneeded laddism between Bronn and Tyrion. It could have been replaced by a nice conversation/flirting between Ygritte and Jon, like the sort of stuff that was in the end of Season 2 between them!A conversation between Arya and Thoros, Thoros hasn't told them both where he's going yet, I'm sure viewers would like to know the direction Arya is going in this season. Give them some hope maybe, with him telling her he's taking her to Riverrun, to her parents, or maybe just a conversation about Thoros' relationship with the Starks, I want some more characterization for Thoros!More characterization for Jojen and Meera too, Jojen has been introduced as this 'mysterious boy' and I hope he doesn't just have that sort of role in the whole of the season, people were expecting Jojen and Meera to show up in season 2, D&D aren't exactly making up for that fact so far, where's all the character development that took up a lot of 'A Clash of King's' and the first part of 'A Storm of Swords'? They could have saved the last Dany scene for a later episode, and took some time to introduce these new characters that they've just thrown at the viewers. How do they expect the viewers to keep up with the show when they hardly know who most of these new characters are?
753	insertname	2013-04-15	Re: The whores refusing to accept the money - During the scene, I was a bit confused as to why they did this. Towards the end, I thought it was obvious Tyrion arranged it to be able to make Pod think he's a stud. But there is so much confusion about this that I'm beginning to wonder if I'm wrong - Is there more to this scene?
I found it interesting that some people mentioned a somewhat-known actor (forgot the name again, sorry /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) playing just a NW extra(The one who looked at one of Craster's wives). My bet is he will be one of the leaders of the Revolt against Mormont (So he can enjoy those wives without trouble)
I guess Sam the slayer will be to save Gilly's Baby?
Overall, I liked the episode. The credits didn't work for me at all, but that seems to be down to personal opinion - you either like it or hate it, from what I've seen so far. There was practically nothing I could objectively call badly done (which is really admirable for over 50 minutes of TV)
Loved Arya's Goodbye, Jaime warming up to Brienne (Nikolaj is freaking awesome!), Ramsay playing with Theon ("you little bastard"), the chair-dragging, Dany scenes and probably a whole lot more.
Didn't particularly like the Stannis scene, but just like with Catelyn, some of the outrage it causes is ridiculous. I think a problem is that (similar to Renly and Loras being gay) GRRM never really showed that side of Stannis from his perspective, so while reading it's easy to dismiss it just as rumours etc.
Jon's storyline still does nothing for me, Mance doesn't really stand out. Someone called Jon's plot for S3 being the same weight as Dany's for S2 and I tend to agree. I hope it picks up...
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 15 April 2013 - 10:34 AM.
754	boojam	2013-04-15	Ok GRRM is not the American Tolkien, but D and D can take a swipe at it.
THE Eowyn MOMENT
After Dany has acquired Missandei as Her Girl Friday.
Right out of the Book:
Missandei:"Valar Morghulis"
Dany:"All Men Must Serve"
not in the book
Dany looks at Missandei.
Dany:"We are not men."
Missandei, mild smile.
D and D , that was a good one!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 15 April 2013 - 10:32 AM.
755	Abaddon	2013-04-15	saw a lot of posts to this point, but I didn't see anyone really hit it on the head...It's not that Locke is dumb, jealous, or rage full ...  It's that Locke doesn't intend to ransom Jamie at all. He tells them that at the end of ep2 when Jamie says he is worth riches. As far as Locke is concerned, he'll bring Jamie back to Roose, Roose will send him to Robb where he will be beheaded for his crimes. A beheading goes just as well whether or not the prisoner has 1 or 2 hands.On the other...hand (had to) there was no mention of Brienne. She is not a fugitive, only a new prisoner. Thank's to Jamie she now has ransom value, and so is kept unbesmirched (not defiled)This, I feel, is an improvement to the source material. You sum up the whole motive for the "behanding" by simply saying that a Northman sworn to a bannerman of the King in the North would obviously assume the lord he is loyal to would not want to be on the Lannisters good side. Roose ought to be fine with a 1 handed Jamie if Roose was loyal. Since Roose has some other motives however...Locke thus introduces a few plot points and will help wrap that whole thing up nicely when the viewers consider it in retrospectI had some vague ideas long these lines, but you have very cogently summarized them, much clearer than I was thinking.  Well done!  This makes perfect sense.  And agreed, well done show.
756	ckal	2013-04-15	Rewrites are done all the time.  Even large rewrites of certain characters.  Changes are made before casting, during casting, after casting, and even during shooting.  Sometimes rewrites are done and then re-shot.  Just because they said they completed the script doesnt mean they didnt make changes afterwards to better reflect certain actor's acting style.  Hinds and West are completely different.  They bring a completely different feel to the character.  I highly doubt what we see is word for word what they wanted for West.Clearly nobody will dispute anything you said about making changes to a television script.Here's the thing; I just did some searching on the internet and found out I am wrong about the script being written, but probably correct on the portrayal. I will link two articles, both from the past few weeks. The first states there was no script yet for season 3 when they offered Hinds the role of Mance. The second article states "Thrones producers sought a strong, rugged and charismatic actor." So things may have changed over the course of production, but it seems that from the start, they had this portrayal of Mance's character in mind.http://www.vulture.c...-interview.htmlhttp://insidetv.ew.c...er-lady-olenna/
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 15 April 2013 - 10:36 AM.
757	FacelessSnow	2013-04-15	Re: The whores refusing to accept the money - During the scene, I was a bit confused as to why they did this. Towards the end, I thought it was obvious Tyrion arranged it to be able to make Pod think he's a stud. But there is so much confusion about this that I'm beginning to wonder if I'm wrong - Is there more to this scene?I think people are reading WAY too much into this, the scene was a simple amusing anecdote that provided HBO's necessity for nudity while establishing two important plot points:1) The Bank at Bravos is owed a LOT of money (without the Pod scene this would have been a little dry)2) Pod and Tyrion have a strong bond that in coming seasons is importance to explain Pod's  "quest"
758	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	The second article states "Thrones producers sought a strong, rugged and charismatic actor." So things may have changed over the course of production, but it seems that from the start, they had this portrayal of Mance's character in mind.I wouldnt describe Hinds portrayal of Mance as either rugged nor charismatic.  More stoic and measured in my opinion.  I think they honestly molded Mance to Hinds strengths.  There is no way West plays Mance like this.  Or else why would you ever cast West?  We are talking about Jimmy McNulty here...
759	The Fourth Head	2013-04-15	Robb laughing during the funeral was weird and I can't stand Cat. That's my take /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />aww, don't tell me you have never felt like laughing at the worst possible moment? It isn't deliberate, but funerals can be like torture for young people, especially if you never knew the person, and especially if things go wrong. It's called black humour, not diesrespect, and some of the most delicious humour comes at inappropriate times, and in spite of your acute knowledge that it is wrong. It just cant be helped.Robb wasn't a "haw haw" laugh, it was a stifled smile that he fought to stop. the North respect strength, and Edmure, the guy who had just messed up his war plans was making a spectacular ass of himself. It also reminded us that Robb may be a great war leader, but he is also a boy.As for the Cat scene, I understand she divides people in general. I have never been a massive fan of her, but I thought Michelle Fairley's performance this week was heartrending. I have sat on a windowsill waiting for my mother. I totally bought her sobs, and I totally yearned for her, and Bran and Rickon to be reunited at that moment. The RW just makes it worse...
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 15 April 2013 - 10:43 AM.
760	boojam	2013-04-15	1) The Bank at Bravos is owed a LOT of money (without the Pod scene this would have been a little dry)That was odd, I don't think The Bank of Braavos is mentioned till a couple of books later , is that right?I sure non-readers thought 'Bank of Braavoss?!".
761	FacelessSnow	2013-04-15	On Locke:
Whose to say Locke isn't a sellsword hired by Roose?  I think this a oppose to him being some knight or his lieutenant is reasonable.  All we know is that he is Roose's "hunter."  As a sellsword, it would establish an additional tie to Vargo explained by his poorer upbringing.  Also it alleviates him from the responsibility of thinking about the political implications of Jaime.  On the other hand, he is directly planning on ransoming Brienne, so the treatment of Jaime isn't hypocritical.  Considering the butterfly effect of taking the Bloody Mummers out last season, this seems as true to the books as you can get if you ask me.
762	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	That was odd, I don't think The Bank of Braavos is mentioned till a couple of books later , is that right?I sure non-readers thought 'Bank of Braavoss?!".The Bank was discussed when Tyrion was going over how Littlefinger "cooked" the books a bit.  It was a lot nuanced than the simple way the show handled it but the Bank of Braavos was definitely mentioned here.  It was even discussed how the Bank would proceed if the crown were to default on the loans.As for non book readers I think the mention is fine.  Braavos has been mentioned by Arya's sword master and they get the sense that it is a land across the sea.  Thats enough really.
763	David Selig	2013-04-15	That was odd, I don't think The Bank of Braavos is mentioned till a couple of books later , is that right?No, it's mentioned in the first book that a portion of the 6 mln. crown debt is to the iron Bank.
764	The Fourth Head	2013-04-15	At first I was really pissed at Stannis's beach scene, but then, after rewatching it, I actually thought it was not out of character for him. Then I found this text on Tumblr and now I actually like the scene:[/indent]Or put more simply, ever since they created that shadowbaby together, Melisandre has provided Stannis with the opportunity of fucking his way to power. Lusting after his rightful inheritance, lusting after the respect he so craves, and lusting after Melisandre's cunt are now one and the same.
765	FacelessSnow	2013-04-15	That was odd, I don't think The Bank of Braavos is mentioned till a couple of books later , is that right?I sure non-readers thought 'Bank of Braavoss?!".Actually Ned is the one that figures out the Bank is owed $$ back in in GoT, much like Volants the show is starting to introduce key aspects of the word early in order to get the viewers accustomed.  So when later (aFfC/DwD) the money problems re-surface after LF, Tywin, and Tyrion peace out people can be like oh yea I remember.
766	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	Or put more simply, ever since they created that shadowbaby together, Melisandre has provided Stannis with the opportunity of fucking his way to power. Lusting after his rightful inheritance, lusting after the respect he so craves, and lusting after Melisandre's cunt are now one and the same.Well put.  I think Mel has Stannis addicted at this point.  He's weaker and needs her, and she likes holding that over him.
767	ckal	2013-04-15	I wouldnt describe Hinds portrayal of Mance as either rugged nor charismatic.  More stoic and measured in my opinion.  I think they honestly molded Mance to Hinds strengths.  There is no way West plays Mance like this.  Or else why would you ever cast West?  We are talking about Jimmy McNulty here...I would describe Hinds Mance as rugged. Charismatic, well, not so much. I guess it depends on what they meant by charismatic. It's clear DnD dropped the fun side of Mance, but we're not sure when. Hinds is a great actor, it's not unreasonable to believe Hinds could have played bookMance on screen. I just don't think this is the angle DnD wanted to go with the character, which is really unfortunate.
768	timstanton	2013-04-15	i watch every week with 3 non book readers. i was waiting the entire episode for sam the slayer, the reveal of ramsay (guess that wont be for A WHILE,) jamies hand and dany to reveal her understand of kraznys(sp.) when do the more seasoned readers expect these things to happen? i cant remember exactly when she revealed she could understand him, but i thought it was during the negotiating, i guess that was all one scene in the book though? anyone?
					
					
							Edited by timstanton, 15 April 2013 - 11:03 AM.
769	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	I honestly think it was a casting issue.  I think they wanted Dominic West as more of the book version of Mance.  When that fell through they didnt want to take a risk with someone who could really destroy those scenes with a bad performance.  Book Mance is very nuanced and if played wrong could just come across as an idiot clown.  So they took a safer approach and went with a reserved and battle hardened general type with Hinds.  Does it make me sad? Yes, I think that Dominic West would have been a terrific book Mance.  However I understand their approach.  Jon is the star in that story.  With limited screen time (thanks to all the boobs and filler required by HBO) they didnt want to detract from Jon.  Makes sense.  Hinds does a wonderful job for the job they gave him.I agree. I would kill to have West as Mance, I was pissed when I heard that he turned it down. I think he would have been amazing and could have NAILED book Mance. I have no problem with Hinds though, he's doing a fine job for what hes been given. The show runners chose to go in a different direction with the character but whatever.
770	kephv	2013-04-15	It's a really small thing, but I hate that Jamie hasn't called Brienne "wench" once since they got paired up.Same! They left out some of their best banter. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Also, why the hell haven't they named the dragons yet? Another small thing that irks me.
771	timstanton	2013-04-15	Same! They left out some of their best banter. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Also, why the hell haven't they named the dragons yet? Another small thing that irks me.uhhh...they have?
772	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	I'm sad to say, my faith in Kit is almost gone, and I feel like just about anyone could steal the scenes from him.  He looks the part, but thats all I have to say about anymore, I'm very disappointed in his acting.I don't blame Kit.  Jon Snow as the Marty Stu can be annoying and dull.  Even with his strained relationship with Ygritte, this guy keeps finding himself in crazy situations and surprisingly gets out of it alive.  He even becomes Lord Commander, yeesh.  He couldn't be any younger to be thrust in that position.  I bet in the latest book he warged into Ghost and will find a way to resurrect in a new and better body like a damn Autobot.  That character always gets away with it.  Wouldn't surprise me he comes back as AA with better armor and two swords, and a dragon mount.  Lame.
773	JMJ	2013-04-15	To whoever it was that commented about Arya's interaction with the Hound - the comment about whether Sandor remembered the last time they were there together - first, as some other have said, it refers to the killing of Mycah in AGOT during the King's and Ned's party's journey back to KL from WF.
Second, this is most definitely a foreshadowing for the Beric-Hound trial by combat. Remember that it's Mycah's death that Arya accuses Sandor of and gets the Hound condemned by the BWB.
774	i-sawr-the-ghost-of-harren	2013-04-15	Sorry, but could someone explain why Ramsay's "Winter Is Coming" line was "ridiculously funny"? I didn't get it. :/
775	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	i watch every week with 3 non book readers. i was waiting the entire episode for sam the slayer, the reveal of ramsay (guess that wont be for A WHILE,) jamies hand and dany to reveal her understand of kraznys(sp.) when do the more seasoned readers expect these things to happen? i cant remember exactly when she revealed she could understand him, but i thought it was during the negotiating, i guess that was all one scene in the book though? anyone?I think they will reveal Dany's understanding of Valerian right before she destroys them.  There would be little point to separate the two events.
776	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I don't blame Kit.  Jon Snow as the Marty Stu can be annoying and dull.  Even with his strained relationship with Ygritte, this guy keeps finding himself in crazy situations and surprisingly gets out of it alive.  He even becomes Lord Commander, yeesh.  He couldn't be any younger to be thrust in that position.  I bet in the latest book he warged into Ghost and will find a way to resurrect in a new and better body like a damn Autobot.  That character always gets away with it.  Wouldn't surprise me he comes back as AA with better armor and two swords, and a dragon mount.  Lame.That really has nothing to do with Kit's acting though.
777	Ser Luke.	2013-04-15	Liked the episode a lot, the only two scenes I didn't like were Pod and the Whores and the second Theon scene was a bit choppy and strange.
778	FacelessSnow	2013-04-15	Sorry, but could someone explain why Ramsay's "Winter Is Coming" line was "ridiculously funny"? I didn't get it. :/It was an incredibly cruel yet brilliant pun to mess with Theon's head:1) Winter is actually coming so its gonna get cold, they have to move2) Those are Stark's words which provide an ironic comfort for Theon on top of the fact that this Boy is telling them they are running from his sister's men, spinning his notion of who keeps him safe3) "Boy" is Ramsey so in theory he is loyal to the North even tho he is helping Theon escape under the guise of Ironborn
779	timstanton	2013-04-15	I think they will reveal Dany's understanding of Valerian right before she destroys them.  There would be little point to separate the two events.thats what i figured as well. next week. that being said, it is awesome to watch with my non book reading wife and friends who have no idea she can understand that fool and are all arguing with one another over who ramsay (boy) is. they were pretty upset over a dragon trade and had some theories on that too. loved the episode, looks like its only going to go up from here.
780	Frumpus	2013-04-15	West seems young to play Mance.Really? He's 43. Mance can be played by anyone in the 40-50 range in my opinion.Dominic West would have made the perfect Mance Raydar, but he'd also be great in any other role on GoT. hopefully they try to get him for another role later on.
781	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	DID NOT LIKE:It makes NO SENSE why they changed Edmure's blunder from Tywin to the Mountain....like...what?!?!? Especially for non-book readers, this would have explained in 2 sentences how Tywin+Tyrells were able to show up last minute at the Battle of the Blackwater and turn the tides to victory. ALSO, this shows how close Stannis was to actually being on the Iron Throne, and how huge of a blunder this was. For the show runners to change it....is just senseless. I mean literally all they did was change Tywin to Mountain and fords to mill and blackwater to now i have a mill.Why doesn't it make sense? These events happen in A Clash of Kings and it's always better to try to keep events current, rather than talk about something that happened last season which would make the viewers think that there's not many battles going on at all.And your complaints also sound like you don't truly remember what happens in the book. It is the Mountain that Edmure is fighting, and they are fighting at Stone Mill. The difference is that the Mountain's force isn't followed by Tywin as he's now back in KL.I don't get your point about Blackwater either. Why would the show need this strategic battle to explain how Tywin gets to King's Landing? In the show Tywin was commanding from Harrenhal and there were no northern forces between that place and King's Landing. No explanation needed as it makes perfect sense that Tywin could march from there to KL when the alliance was made. You only need explanations when there are clear obstacles for something to happen.
782	timstanton	2013-04-15	Really? He's 43. Mance can be played by anyone in the 40-50 range in my opinion.Dominic West would have made the perfect Mance Raydar, but he'd also be great in any other role on GoT. hopefully they try to get him for another role later on.my vote is for areo hotah, strong belwas, or lord manderly.
783	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	West could be a great Oberyn Martell.
Maybe a bit too young, but Jon Connington would be cool too.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Farbod, 15 April 2013 - 11:32 AM.
784	Maria Underfoot	2013-04-15	I think that this episode was actually great, with very nice scenes, such as the Riverrun one, the Arya/Gendry/Hot pie farewell, the Jaime/Brienne scenes overall. At the end of the day, I don't think there are many big issues, but it's the small things that bother me. I feel like they're leaving out really great scenes/ lines from the books, while making unnecessary changes. (Of course, I think that this kind of stuff  will in no way bother non-readers, who don't even notice anything. We are the nit-picking perfectionists) For example, what was wrong with keeping Vargo Hoat, and they had to create this "Locke" guy who's neither plausible as a character nor as funny as Hoat? And why didn't they have Brienne see how Jaime saves her? Why did they make Stannis a dependent idiot? Why did we need to see Theon's ass ready to be raped? And one more thing: I feel that this season, as well as the last one, they have somewhat neglected music. In S1, there were scenes which, accompanied by music, were truly terrific (Jon/Ned saying goodbye, Dany/Drogo first "ride", King in the North, "We'll kill em all" etc). Many scenes of S3 could have been just as powerful, had their been music behind them.
785	ckal	2013-04-15	Why doesn't it make sense? These events happen in A Clash of Kings and it's always better to try to keep events current, rather than talk about something that happened last season which would make the viewers think that there's not many battles going on at all.And your complaints also sound like you don't truly remember what happens in the book. It is the Mountain that Edmure is fighting, and they are fighting at Stone Mill. The difference is that the Mountain's force isn't followed by Tywin as he's now back in KL.I don't get your point about Blackwater either. Why would the show need this strategic battle to explain how Tywin gets to King's Landing? In the show Tywin was commanding from Harrenhal and there were no northern forces between that place and King's Landing. No explanation needed as it makes perfect sense that Tywin could march from there to KL when the alliance was made. You only need explanations when there are clear obstacles for something to happen.You are right I've misremember a couple details although I have remembered the big picture. From Edmure's wiki:"Unknowingly in disregard of the orders he had received from King Robb, Edmure defended the crossing against the Lannisters, a fierce battle fought at Stone Mill where Gregor Clegane manages to cross, suffering heavy losses. But as Edmure sets in his reserve Clegane is pushed back. By defendig the crossing he unwittingly thwarted the plans of Robb, who had planned to allow Tywin to cross the river and then trap him between his and Edmure's army. By beating Tywin's army back, Edmure inflicted enough of a delay for messengers to reach Tywin with word of what was happening to the south, allowing Lannister to turn his army around and aid the Tyrells and the Crownlander army at the Battle of the Blackwater"But it doesn't make any sense to leave out the part about how it single handedly turned the tides for the battle of the throne at Blackwater. That was a pivotal point in the story, and the implications of Edmure's actions would have been shown to be far more prominent and disastrous rather than just losing out on the opportunity to kill the Mountain. Also, with the Lannisters no longer in control of the Iron Throne, the Red Wedding possibly may have never happened, thus Robb remaining alive.
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 15 April 2013 - 11:37 AM.
786	timstanton	2013-04-15	And why didn't they have Brienne see how Jaime saves her? i feel like it did. it showed her watching him after she came back and sat down, i think she understood that he talked them out of it, she must have understood that SOMETHING happened in order to go from full rape to chillin by a tree.
787	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-15	Sapphires! Yes!<U+0080><U+009C>Rhaegar fought nobly. Rhaegar fought valiantly. And Rhaegar died<U+0080><U+009D> made it in. Yessssssss.Blackfish was awesome. A++++.Arya and Hot Pie with the bread wolf? So cute. So freaking cute. As was Gendry awkwardly clapping Hot Pie in the shoulder."The Bear and the Maiden Fair" cracked me up both times.. The first time it made me laugh because the Bolton men were such improbably good singers. The second time it made me laugh was that punk rock version played right after Jaime Lannister lost his hand. It was such a random juxtaposition that it was weirdly hilarious.First, Jon and Mance are still a bit slow, as it was in the books. I think we will see more action once Tormond tries to scale the wall.Craster is a right foul git! You can see the tension welling in the remaining member of the NW. Nothing good is going to come from that. I feel bad for Gilly, fearing for her son, knowing what her evil father has in store for the baby.The Small Council scene was comical. As was Pod in the brothel. My man POD! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Hoster Tully's funeral is exactly how I imagined it. Edmure in all of his incompetent splendor, while The Blackfish saves the day. He shot that arrow like a boss, didn't even have to watch to see if he hit pyre. I really felt for Cat is that scene, even-though, I still do not like her.Arys/Hotpie/Gendry was a touching scene. Hotpie with his homemade wolf, bidding Arry a safe journey to Winterhell. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />) The drunken Hound not remembering that they were at the inn where he killed little Micah.Stannis and the Red Witch, meh. I see where they are going with Melisandre and I don't like it, but...Loved Dany in Astapor. The Harpy looked amazing. The walk of punishment broke my heart. That poor slave wanted to hurry and die versus living a life of servitude to those cruel monsters. You could see the resolve in Danys' eyes, as she watched the slave children staring down at her. Kraznys is just so perfect. Exactly like the books for me.Jaime and Brienne: I could feel the fear in Brienne's eyes when she realized what would happen to her. I love that she was able to get a few licks in before they over-whelemed her. You could see how her screams worked Jaime's conscience.Jaime and Locke: While, I miss "kinthslayer" and "Thapphireth??", Locke is a great replacement for The Goat. You could see the cocky Kingslayer, thinking that Lannister gold was going to save him. The chop was so beautifully cruel. I cannot wait to see next week.Boy is really doing a job on Theon before the actual "work" begins. Even-though he deserves every bit of it, it's a bit hard to watch.I loved the Bear and the Maiden Fair song, both versions. The lyrics cracked me the hell up.
788	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	You are right I've misremember a couple details although I have remembered the big picture. From Edmure's wiki:"Unknowingly in disregard of the orders he had received from King Robb, Edmure defended the crossing against the Lannisters, a fierce battle fought at Stone Mill where Gregor Clegane manages to cross, suffering heavy losses. But as Edmure sets in his reserve Clegane is pushed back. By defendig the crossing he unwittingly thwarted the plans of Robb, who had planned to allow Tywin to cross the river and then trap him between his and Edmure's army. By beating Tywin's army back, Edmure inflicted enough of a delay for messengers to reach Tywin with word of what was happening to the south, allowing Lannister to turn his army around and aid the Tyrells and the Crownlander army at the Battle of the Blackwater"But it doesn't make any sense to leave out the part about how it single handedly turned the tides for the battle of the throne at Blackwater. That was a pivotal point in the story, and the implications of Edmure's actions would have been shown to be far more prominent and disastrous rather than just losing out on the opportunity to kill the Mountain. Also, with the Lannisters no longer in control of the Iron Throne, the Red Wedding possibly may have never happened, thus Robb remaining alive.That could be worth remembering when criticizing the show. It's much easier to remember what happens in the books than to adapt the series to TV.As for not making sense, I can't agree with you. The story makes perfect sense as it was shown. It would have had a bigger impact if it had been shown during the second season, but that's not the same thing as being the only thing that makes sense. I think it would have made less sense for the show to have had such a crucial moment happen back then and no one talks about the failure until now. I also think that Tywin's attack was a big surprise anyway, without the audience knowing exactly what he was doing in the war previously. The whole thing is a good part in the book but the story doesn't stand or fall with the events being exactly the same.
789	mafalda	2013-04-15	Just watched it again, and I couldn't help but chuckle at the Jon+ wildlings scene. I kept picturing the White Walkers all placing random horse parts in a pattern, then giggling as they tip toed away. Why the pattern?
Does anyone know if Beric Dondarrion's been cast this season? I know Strong Belwas isn't /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> but I'm still holding out hope for him! Who else will beat the champion of Mereen, or whatever they call him?
So when do we think Lady Stoneheart will appear? Since Book 3 will run into next season. do you guys think she will appear then, or this season? I'd love for them to have her appear at the very end of Episode 10 this season. Like, even AFTER the credits. It would be amazing!
I know some people have been ripping on Kit's acting, myself included. But after thinking about it, that is kind of how he is written in the books. A little flat, not much charisma about him. And it only gets worse when he becomes LC. But Maester Aemon was right about why Jon is the way he is after he's elected.
And does anyone here know anything about CGI? I wonder why it's so expensive, I thought it was just kind of similar to computer animation or something. Because I'm wondering why we only ever see one of Dany's dragons when she has three. We never see.. um... Viseron and Rhaegal? I forget their names because we only ever hear about Drogon.
Also, I have no idea what Robb and the Tullys were talking about, I must have breezed over that part in the books.
I didn't have a problem with the rock Bear and Maiden Fair. I thought it was a cool version. It was just a little odd following Jaime's behanding!
790	HoundDog	2013-04-15	Did anyone else take the Stannis scene as more of a desire for another ShadowWalker than for sexual pleasure?  He asks for a child right after talking about how he wants to see Joffrey and Robb Stark dead.
791	HoundDog	2013-04-15	Did anyone else take the Stannis scene more as a desire for another ShadowWalker than for sexual pleasure?  He brings it up to her right after talking about how he wants to see Joffrey and Robb Stark dead.  Seemed like he was looking to get it on so he could knock them off.
792	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-15	Jon Snow is getting worse and worse.  His acting has boiled down to looking constipated.
793	JonDunn	2013-04-15	Did anyone else take the Stannis scene more as a desire for another ShadowWalker than for sexual pleasure?  He brings it up to her right after talking about how he wants to see Joffrey and Robb Stark dead.  Seemed like he was looking to get it on so he could knock them off.of course this is what it was about. some people are overlooking the obvious
794	Tyrion4President	2013-04-15	I loved Theon in this episode. I'm kind of confused about what they are doing with him though, plotwise. Anyone care to enlighten me?Theon was not in book 3 and 4. We really only catch up to him in book 5 and are presented with a completly broken Theon(Reek). The show is keeping his character on screen so that we can truly understand what destroyed him mentally and physically.
795	TheButcherCrow	2013-04-15	And does anyone here know anything about CGI? I wonder why it's so expensive, I thought it was just kind of similar to computer animation or something. Because I'm wondering why we only ever see one of Dany's dragons when she has three. We never see.. um... Viseron and Rhaegal? I forget their names because we only ever hear about Drogon.I don't know much about CGI but I can tell you that in Buffy every time they showed a vamp changing from human-face to vamp-face it cost $5000 & that is a pissy little effect. I'm guessing the dragons cost a fecking fortune.A lot of folks have raised the "when will Sam off Puddles?" question & some folks seem concerned it may not happen. I am not overly concerned. Someone HAS to stab an Other with a DG dagger, they have to find out what that shit does or else there was literally no point in them even finding it at The Fist. I'm guessing the Slayer scene will become an adapted version of the scene in not-Whitetree when Sam ganks Small Paul.
796	briantw	2013-04-15	Does anyone know if Beric Dondarrion's been cast this season? I know Strong Belwas isn't /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> but I'm still holding out hope for him! Who else will beat the champion of Mereen, or whatever they call him?Beric has been cast, and if you watched any of the pre-season preview trailers he appeared in almost all of them with his fiery sword.  I believe I saw him in the preview for next week's episode, so I'd imagine that's when we'll meet him.
797	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Was anyone one else impressed with the direction? I thought it was very strong considering the fact that it was Benioff's first directing job. Definitely better at action scenes then Daniel Minahan.
798	pleonasm	2013-04-15	Jon Snow is getting worse and worse.  His acting has boiled down to looking constipated.Agreed. Of all the POV characters in a Song of Ice and Fire, I'd argue the tv writers have probably mishandled Jon Snow more than anyone. Jon is almost never (pro)active in his own story. He is simply is carted from location to location, mocked, laughed at, and asked to watch as his supporting cast gets all the good lines and drives the plot forward or in some cases just keep trudging through the snow. Contrast that with Danny who at least has some agency in her own story.Partly its a result of botching Jon's initial foray beyond the wall with Halfhand, partly its that they haven't written any compelling material for him since the Season 1 finale, and I just don't think they are that interested in this portion of Jon's character development. Its too subtle. Once he gets some sexy time with Yggritte and has get to betray the Wildlings that might change. That seems to be a storyline Benioff and Weiss will likely embrace.
799	The Frostfangs	2013-04-15	Im pretty sure we will see Sam the Slayer, because in the Season 3 trailers we see a White Walker walking through the woods,
800	pleonasm	2013-04-15	Was anyone one else impressed with the direction? I thought it was very strong considering the fact that it was Benioff's first directing job. Definitely better at action scenes then Daniel Minahan.I've been supra critical of the action sequences in Game of Thrones. Outside of Blackwater, they have often look very staged and amateurish, even the Jamie/Brienne fight last week looked silly to me. That said, the Theon horse chase sequence was exceptionally well put together. Kudos to Benioff, the stunt team, and editing team for that sequence. Very well done!
801	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Agreed. Of all the POV characters in a Song of Ice and Fire, I'd argue the tv writers have probably mishandled Jon Snow more than anyone. Jon is almost never (pro)active in his own story. He is simply is carted from location to location, mocked, laughed at, and asked to watch as his supporting cast gets all the good lines and drives the plot forward or in some cases just keep trudging through the snow. He's actually less proactive in the books up to this point in the story. Jon in the show volunteers to follow Qhorin Halfhand, he's told to in the books. He also defies Qhorin's order to kill Ygritte in the show, whereas in the books he just follows Qhorin, and kills Qhorin when he's told to. He also follows Craster into the woods in Season 2, which he never did in the books. You could say they've mishandled the story, but Jon is certainly more proactive in the show.
802	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-15	Jon Snow is getting worse and worse.  His acting has boiled down to looking constipated.Because he was the image of liveliness and charisma in the books...
803	Tyrion4President	2013-04-15	Loved the episode. The credits at the end sort of ruined the Jaime scene. I would rather have preferred that they show Jaime getting his hand chopped off like they did then fade to black and then have Jaime scream. Also, I would have used a sadder tone for the bear and the maiden fair at the end credits not that rock version I felt that was a weird and out of place. The rock version would have been a better fit at perhaps the end of episode seven?i liked the way they used the punk rock version. kind of throws a bit of hysteria into the viewers mind.
804	DjaqenHghar	2013-04-15	Stannis was WAY too clingy this episode, not very king like.
805	pleonasm	2013-04-15	He's actually less proactive in the books up to this point in the story. Jon in the show volunteers to follow Qhorin Halfhand, he's told to in the books. He also defies Qhorin's order to kill Ygritte in the show, whereas in the books he just follows Qhorin, and kills Qhorin when he's told to. He also follows Craster into the woods in Season 2, which he never did in the books. You could say they've mishandled the story, but Jon is certainly more proactive in the show.Good points. Maybe Kit is the issue, but I think its the lack of scenes where we can get fully invested in Jon's point of view. A scene with Jon's dismay at the Halfhand's sacrifice plan or even a few moments of him taking in (both horrified and pleasantly suprised) about the Wilding culture would really be useful. Right now he is a one note emo cipher. There is more to the character than that --- and I'm not even that big a fan of the character of Jon Snow.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 15 April 2013 - 01:30 PM.
806	Abaddon	2013-04-15	Speaking of things that seemed strange in the episode; Burn Gorman as random Night's Watchman?  I would have expected a bigger role for him.  Even with the expectation that he plays a role in the upcoming demise of the Lord Commander, it still seems like a pretty bit part.
So... that leads me to my latest show spitball: I think Burn Gorman is going to become a main antagonist in the Night's Watch to Jon, probably taking the place of either Janos Slynt and/or Aliser Thorne.  I've really been hoping that both of those actors come back for S4 and it's still possible.  However, if they can't get one or both back, they're going to need to have someone more obviously antagonistic to Jon than anyone else we've seen yet, so it would make sense to introduce someone at some point this season to take that role.
Or, maybe he dies next episode, and I can forget about my thought /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
807	ckal	2013-04-15	That could be worth remembering when criticizing the show. It's much easier to remember what happens in the books than to adapt the series to TV.As for not making sense, I can't agree with you. The story makes perfect sense as it was shown. It would have had a bigger impact if it had been shown during the second season, but that's not the same thing as being the only thing that makes sense. I think it would have made less sense for the show to have had such a crucial moment happen back then and no one talks about the failure until now. I also think that Tywin's attack was a big surprise anyway, without the audience knowing exactly what he was doing in the war previously. The whole thing is a good part in the book but the story doesn't stand or fall with the events being exactly the same.No problem, agree to disagree. Conflicting opinions.
808	timstanton	2013-04-15	No problem, agree to disagree. Conflicting opinions.no, youre wrong! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
809	The Monkey	2013-04-15	I'm wondering how the non-book readers are handing the Tully introduction. This is the first we ever heard on the show that Robb is King of the Riverlands as well as the North, and that's a pretty big deal. It makes it kinda weird that we haven't heard of any Riverland soldiers in his army up to this point.
810	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-15	uhhh...they have? They haven't named the dragons.
811	timstanton	2013-04-15	I'm wondering how the non-book readers are handing the Tully introduction. This is the first we ever heard on the show that Robb is King of the Riverlands as well as the North, and that's a pretty big deal. It makes it kinda weird that we haven't heard of any Riverland soldiers in his army up to this point.the non-book readers i watch this didnt seem to notice or care that it was a different house. however, they did think that the blackfish was a huge bad a$$ and understood that robb was their king.
812	I'm_Tim	2013-04-15	Overall, they've done an absolutely fantastic job adapting the story and streamlining some story lines. My only criticism is that they seem to have dropped the Umber's, which for me, will take away from some of the impact of the Red Wedding. Of all the Stark bannermen, they seemed to be the most loyal.
813	timstanton	2013-04-15	They haven't named the dragons.i dont think they have had an official naming ceremony or anything, but didnt she say their names last season in the house of the undying, when she burns the warlock.
814	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-15	Overall, they've done an absolutely fantastic job adapting the story and streamlining some story lines. My only criticism is that they seem to have dropped the Umber's, which for me, will take away from some of the impact of the Red Wedding. Of all the Stark bannermen, they seemed to be the most loyal.they didn't so much as drop the charector as i believe the actor who played the Greatjon left the show.
815	timstanton	2013-04-15	they didn't so much as drop the charector as i believe the actor who played the Greatjon left the show.he must have read SoS and was like...nah bro, not on my watch...im out!
816	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-15	i dont think they have had an official naming ceremony or anything, but didnt she say their names last season in the house of the undying, when she burns the warlock. No, she didn't.
817	ckal	2013-04-15	no, youre wrong! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Ooooo how dare you
818	timstanton	2013-04-15	No, she didn't.yep, youre right again. she just says dracarys.
819	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-15	I'm wondering how the non-book readers are handing the Tully introduction. This is the first we ever heard on the show that Robb is King of the Riverlands as well as the North, and that's a pretty big deal. It makes it kinda weird that we haven't heard of any Riverland soldiers in his army up to this point.I wondered about that one too.  But my hubby is a non-book reader and he asked a couple of questions and caught on really quick as to who they were and accepted it just fine.  I think with the Tully's it's easier to understand who they are b/c of their closer connection to Catelyn as opposed to say the Boltons, which I think it going to confuse some of the non-book readers.
820	KSims1868	2013-04-15	Yeah the first thing I did last night was explain to my friend who the Tullys were and how they were connected.  He had no clue, and it helped that part of the show make more sense for him.
821	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-15	The episode was good. Arya, Jaime/Brienne, Daenerys were good. The chair changing scene with the small council was funny to me. Though I didn't like them wasting time on Pod.
My only real issues were Edmure and Stannis. They made Edmure look like an idiot, even though it was Robbs mistake in the books, and dont get me started on the Blackfishs treatment of him. They are basically making Robb look like the clever, flawless character at the expense of characters like Catelyn and now Edmure.
Dont have much to say about Stannis, just that the scene was very uncomfortable to watch as it really shifts away from his real character.
822	boojam	2013-04-15	i dont think they have had an official naming ceremony or anything, but didnt she say their names last season in the house of the undying, when she burns the warlock.Not that I remember thought Dany would have done it by now , already occurred book-wise.Maybe next episode.(Also Dany's crown is still missing, I don't mean her mother's who her brother sold. Guess we have not had a cermony big enough for her to wear it. She is already being called Queeen, which de-facto she is.)
823	Jaime's Wench	2013-04-15	I really loved this episode - best so far!
Loved Edmure and Blackfish - Blackfish being exactly how I imagined. Loved Dany. Loved Sam and Gilly and hated Craster. Loved Hot Pie. REALLY LOVED Tywin, Tyrion and Cersei in the same room together like WHOA! And most of all, I very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very  much loved Jaime!
824	Lyana	2013-04-15	Sooo, here we go in order of appearance:
The whole Riverrun situation - This episode had a really great start with the introduction of the House Tully. I admit it could have been overwhelming to the non-book readers sparing energy to remember one more noble house, but they just may get used to it. Edmure not being able to shoot the arrow straight to the target was a nice touch. Brynden was spot on. I remember vaguely in the books, that Edmure's impatient actions cost Robb e great victory over Tiwin, not over The Mountain. But I didn't get it in the books either, so I guess here it has been simplified to the TV viewers with the straightforward "Kill the Mountain". So I guess it was a fine and necessary change. I'm just hoping that the North isn't introduced further as weakened, so the impact of the RW would be bigger.  
One funny council - Here comes one of the best scenes in the episode, full of subtle moments. The old council with the "new" old Hand, so we could see how they would react around the new boss. I liked it how after the initial hesitance, Littlefinger reacted fast and got the best place. Although I presume Varys was like "Ok, have the chair... We'll see who gets the really important things". Cerse's narcissistic nature was shown only in one simple action like the moving of the chair. I always wondered about Tiwin's attitude to his daughter. I always thought he was way too patient and tolerable of her incompetence. And as usual Tyrion is the one to express openly his opinion with sarcasm and witty comments. The chair dragging scene reminds me of one hilarious scene form Johnny English 2. It really had me laughing and it brought some freshness to the show.
The bear and the maiden fair - Another great song from the books was given life with very nice and suitable reference to Jaime and Brienne. Although in this case the maiden fair looks like a bear. The scenes with Jaime and Brienne remain one of the strongest yet and NCW is nailing the part. He was really irritating at the beginning of the series, but now is showing truly how his character evolves.
The Stark from Winterhell - This was another good one /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Bye, bye Hot Pie, you served your role well. And we get to see how sentimental Gendry is. I'm willing to see a bit more of Arya's story-line tho. I know that not much is happening with her in the book either, but dang is she cool.
Family reunion - Catelyn's little moment was actually quite moving. Not much to say here. It was alright tho.
The young wolf - That was an interesting scene. We get to hear about the legends how Robb turned into wolf at night. Which was actually quite interesting for me. I've always considered it as some kind of reference that Robb was a warg too. But away from that, it was just a cool scene for scared little boys.
Quite the artists - So we are back to the Wildling Camp. I read some complaining about Kit's acting and Jon's part. I'm completely fine with Kit. He did very well in season 1, but since then the show runners are giving his character not much of an action. I got the feeling that Jon Snow's part has been kept low profile for a reason. If that's not the case, that is just poorly written. Since he's my favorite in the books, I sincerely hope we get to see more consistent wildling plot and not just some random plot scenes. Nice touch with the WW art. Very David Fincher style I might say.
The changed situation at Craster's Keep - For the first time we get to see how miserable the NW actually is. Craster may act that nothing has changed, but we can see that the nice NW is not so nice anymore. The subtle looks and the  nervous environment point to some coming menace, which does not necessarily comes from the outside. I just hope we still get to see Sam the Slayer.
Winter is coming - The "Winter is coming" and the "Bastard" references were really great references for the die hard fans of the series. I've read the books but am just as curious how Theon's story will continue form now on. But am pretty sure we've met Ramsey already.
Stannis ... ohhh the pity - Why (dramatic screaming towards the sky), why on earth destroying such a nice written character? I still have no clue whatsoever. Just ... speechless...
The Queen (or the Don?) - And the family has chosen the new Don. Dany is having some awesome parts this season. I'm not a fan of hers in the books, but here in season 3 I really find her charismatic and interesting. Her story-arc promises to be well handled, consistent and properly written. I liked it how Jorah and Ser Barristan were the two sides of the same coin. Dany really is ready to kick some slaveholders a*s. The Rhaegar mentioning almost got me jumping on my chair from joy. My boyfriend thinks I'm a total geek now.
The Meereenese Knot - Well, well, well ... look who got laid. Podrick is not so lame anymore. Although the prostitutes may have been paid to lie, I prefer to leave it the way it is and think of Pod as of some really cool guy from now on. It was a bit of unnecessary scene, but pretty fresh tho. Imho there must be such a refreshing and funny scene now and then. It's not always about the drama and the plots.
The one-handed knight - As soon as I saw the final scene coming, my stomach dropped. I felt really horrible about Jaime. The final scene was intense, although I'm not sure if it was as much of a shock for the non-book readers. But I somehow missed the motivation behind Locke's decision to cut Jaime's hand of. Was he irritated by Jaime's self-indulgent behavior? Was that a reason good enough to cut his hand of and not fear lord Tiwin's revenge? It has been a while since I've read the books so I can't recall the exact scene there either. Bur it was well handled and I definitely felt the tension. The rocky song at the and had a little dissonance with the cutting scene, which created a nice contrast.
Edited: spelling
					
					
							Edited by Lyana, 15 April 2013 - 04:17 PM.
825	Titan	2013-04-15	Wonder what's gonna piss Karstark off so bad that he kills the lannister hostages. Can't remember if he has kids in this show or not.Seriously? The only thing that [Show]Karstark talks about is getting revenge for his sons. How can you have missed that?
826	House Martell	2013-04-15	My predictions for next weeks episode:- Stannis makes Mel a mix-tape and sends her a Raven saying: "Do you like me: ___Yes  ___No"- Blackfish gives Edmure a wedgie.- Pod starts wearing a thick gold chain, slicks his hair back, and wears WAY too much cologne.- We learn that Brienne was field nurse before taking up sword fighting and closes off Jamies stump since I'm pretty sure Count Rugan/Locke doesn't have a maester in his camp (ala Qyburn)even with those predictions I'm sure the show will be amazing (attempt to reduce my trolling footprint)
827	Dove	2013-04-15	My predictions for next weeks episode:- Stannis makes Mel a mix-tape and sends her a Raven saying: "Do you like me: ___Yes  ___No"Episode after that, Stannis and Jorah form the "Nice Guys Finish Last Club" and proceed to stand outside Dany and Melly's windows with boomboxes held up.
828	Chirpy	2013-04-15	I like the way they're developing the Theon story since all of that was off-camera in the books.Brienne/Jaime scenes were great.  I miss Thaphhireth, but would not work in a show.I thought the Small Council chair activity was funny, but I doubt Tywin would have so much patience!Looks like Kartstark will kill the young Lannisters after all.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  But it's good that they're keeping that story on track. I completely agree with all of this except I think that the Thaphhireth would have worked if done correctly.  However, it might have been a little TOO much comedy in serious scenes. I LOVED when my non-reader friends got this look on their faces from Jaime saving Brienne from rape and murder ... it was just starting to click in their brains as to why Jaime is such a great character .... and then BOOM his hand was chopped off.  I loved how they did this episode!
829	Kasrith	2013-04-15	Just got home, haven't read the full thread yet but have been thinking of these all day
- Oh you little Bastard
- Look at him, he's a walking feast. (Said to the Night's Watch aka crows => Look at him, he's A walking Feast For Crows!)
- Dany's translation of Valar Morghulis, nice to hear it from her dropping a hint to everyone who's paying attention that she understands the language. My buddy (non book reader) came to class today and was all like "man she totally knows what he's saying, she's going to mess him up real good.. does she really know?" Obviously didn't tell him, but we did talk about the VM translation and he's like "totally missed that, she so knows" - love non book reader viewers /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
Oh and that ending (I've mentioned it already as of last night I think) brilliant.
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 15 April 2013 - 04:37 PM.
830	ckal	2013-04-15	Sooo, here we go in order of appearance:The whole Riverrun situation - This episode had a really great start with the introduction of the House Tully. I admit it could have been overwhelming to the non-book readers sparing energy to remember one more noble house, but they just may get used to it. Edmure not being able to shoot the arrow straight to the target was a nice touch. Brynden was spot on. I remember vaguely in the books, that Edmure's impatient actions cost Robb e great victory over Tiwin, not over The Mountain. But I didn't get it in the books either, so I guess here it has been simplified to the TV viewers with the straightforward "Kill the Mountain". So I guess it was a fine and necessary change. I'm just hoping that the North isn't introduced further as weakened, so the impact of the RW would be bigger.  One funny council - Here comes one of the best scenes in the episode, full of subtle moments. The old council with the "new" old Hand, so we could see how they would react around the new boss. I liked it how after the initial hesitance, Littlefinger reacted fast and got the best place. Although I presume Varys was like "Ok, have the chair... We'll see who gets the really important things". Cerse's narcissistic nature was shown only in one simple action like the moving of the chair. I always wondered about Tiwin's attitude to his daughter. I always thought he was way too patient and tolerable of her incompetence. And as usual Tyrion is the one to express openly his opinion with sarcasm and witty comments. The chair dragging scene reminds me of one hilarious scene form Johnny English 2. It really had me laughing and it brought some freshness to the show.The bear and the maiden fair - Another great song from the books was given life with very nice and suitable reference to Jaime and Brienne. Although in this case the maiden fair looks like a bear. The scenes with Jaime and Brienne remain one of the strongest yet and NCW is nailing the part. He was really irritating at the beginning of the series, but now is showing truly how his character evolves.The Stark from Winterhell - This was another good one /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Bye, bye Hot Pie, you served your role well. And we get to see how sentimental Gendry is. I'm willing to see a bit more of Arya's story-line tho. I know that not much is happening with her in the book either, but dang is she cool.Family reunion - Catelyn's little moment was actually quite moving. Not much to say here. It was alright tho.The young wolf - That was an interesting scene. We get to hear about the legends how Robb turned into wolf at night. Which was actually quite interesting for me. I've always considered it as some kind of reference that Robb was a warg too. But away from that, it was just a cool scene for scared little boys.Quite the artists - So we are back to the Wildling Camp. I read some complaining about Kit's acting and Jon's part. I'm completely fine with Kit. He did very well in season 1, but since then the show runners are giving his character not much of an action. I got the feeling that Jon Snow's part has been kept low profile for a reason. If that's not the case, that is just poorly written. Since he's my favorite in the books, I sincerely hope we get to see more consistent wildling plot and not just some random plot scenes. Nice touch with the WW art. Very David Fincher style I might say.The changed situation at Craster's Keep - For the first time we get to see how miserable the NW actually is. Craster may act that nothing has changed, but we can see that the nice NW is not so nice anymore. The subtle looks and the  nervous environment point to some coming menace, which does not necessarily comes from the outside. I just hope we still get to see Sam the Slayer.Winter is coming - The "Winter is coming" and the "Bastard" references were really great references for the die hard fans of the series. I've read the books but am just as curious how Theon's story will continue form now on. But am pretty sure we've met Ramsey already.Stannis ... ohhh the pity - Why (dramatic screaming towards the sky), why on earth destroying such a nice written character? I still have no clue whatsoever. Just ... speechless...The Queen (or the Don?) - And the family has chosen the new Don. Dany is having some awesome parts this season. I'm not a fan of hers in the books, but here in season 3 I really find her charismatic and interesting. Her story-arc promises to be well handled, consistent and properly written. I liked it how Jorah and Ser Barristan were the two sides of the same coin. Dany really is ready to kick some slaveholders a*s. The Rhaegar mentioning almost got me jumping on my chair from joy. My boyfriend thinks I'm a total geek now.The Meereenese Knot - Well, well, well ... look who got laid. Podrick is not so lame anymore. Although the prostitutes may have been paid to lie, I prefer to leave it the way it is and think of Pod as of some really cool guy from now on. It was a bit of unnecessary scene, but pretty fresh tho. Imho there must be such a refreshing and funny scene now and then. It's not always about the drama and the plots.The one-handed knight - As soon as I saw the final scene coming, my stomach dropped. I felt really horrible about Jaime. The final scene was intense, although I'm not sure if it was as much of a shock for the non-book readers. But I somehow missed the motivation behind Locke's decision to cut Jaime's hand of. Was he irritated by Jaime's self-indulgent behavior? Was that a reason good enough to cut his hand of and not fear lord Tiwin's revenge? It has been a while since I've read the books so I can't recall the exact scene there either. Bur it was well handled and I definitely felt the tension. The rocky song at the and had a little dissonance with the cutting scene, which created a nice contrast.Edited: spellingI thought that aside from a few things, this was a pretty great episode.I really did not like the Pod/whores scene. Such a waste of time that could have been spent elsewhere with far more deserving characters and storylines. I'm not even sure Pod got laid though?Riverrun and Council scenes were great. Cat was actually good in her scene with Blackfish. Blackfish was great as was the whole funeral scene. I really did not like how nothing was mentioned about Edmure's blunder impacting the Battle of the Blackwater so drastically, but the rest of it was great.We should be in for a hell of a time at Craster's Keep next episode.Dany's storyline has been good so far and will explode next episode. I think fans will really start to like her this season like maybe book readers started to like her in ASOS. I thought the whole talk about Rhaegar with Dany, Barristan, and Jorah was great too.Ramsey is certainly playing an (extended) game with Theon. I'm inclined to believe they weren't even athe dreadfort initially, but Ramsey is leading Theon to the Dreadfort (judging by next week's preview). We really need to see some flaying and dismembering, as gruesome as that is.The Jaime scene at the end was great. About Locke's motivation being flimsy- well, Vargo wasn't necessarily the smartest guy either. Vargo thought cutting off Jaime's hand meant to send the message to Tywin that he meant business. Real smart move there.
					
					
							Edited by ckal, 15 April 2013 - 04:43 PM.
831	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-15	It was not smart, but Locke was operating off two things. One, Jaime will always be a valuable prisoner, one-handed or not. It is not like a ransom would be refused or drastically lowered because of his maiming. Two, he reaaally hates Jaime, and got carried away. What he probably does not realize is that Roose does not like flashy displays of sadism.
Oh, related to that. As awful as it was to hear Brienne screaming, I love that you kept hearing the men shriek in pain. Even as overpowered as she was, she was still kicking ass. They would have worn her down if Jaime had not intervened, but I bet a few dudes went to bed with bruised junk. 
I have no problem with the Stannis scene. He is at rock bottom and depressed. The only thing he has going for him is Melisandre. I think they are emphasizing what a low place he is in so his eventual Big Damn Heroes moment is more spectacular.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 15 April 2013 - 05:30 PM.
832	FattyPeon	2013-04-15	People hyperventilating over the Stannis scene need to calm down.We never saw them alone in the book. He spends all of his time with her after Blackwater, usually alone with her. He's an utterly defeated man at the moment, desperate and depressed, but of course, she is the only one who gets to see him in that state, ever. He still maintains the rigid, stern, clenched-jaw exterior among others, and it feels quite natural to me that he would drop the facade in the moment that she is 'abandoning' him.Seems to me that some of you guys are the ones who have Stannis figured wrong. He's not bereft of feelings, he's rather the opposite, too sensitive.
833	Lyana	2013-04-15	My predictions for next weeks episode:- Stannis makes Mel a mix-tape and sends her a Raven saying: "Do you like me: ___Yes  ___No"- Blackfish gives Edmure a wedgie.- Pod starts wearing a thick gold chain, slicks his hair back, and wears WAY too much cologne.- We learn that Brienne was field nurse before taking up sword fighting and closes off Jamies stump since I'm pretty sure Count Rugan/Locke doesn't have a maester in his camp (ala Qyburn)even with those predictions I'm sure the show will be amazing (attempt to reduce my trolling footprint)Lol! I'm down with that!
834	Reposado	2013-04-15	The Jaime scene at the end was great. About Locke's motivation being flimsy- well, Vargo wasn't necessarily the smartest guy either. Vargo thought cutting off Jaime's hand meant to send the message to Tywin that he meant business. Real smart move there.no they explained vargos motivation, and the spot he was in. having betrayed tywin already and finding himself on a foreign confident without any real allies. he wanted to diminish the value that jamie had for bolton.it hasnt been established why locke would want to do that. and as lock has been presented, doesnt make too much sense
835	Lyana	2013-04-15	People hyperventilating over the Stannis scene need to calm down.We never saw them alone in the book. He spends all of his time with her after Blackwater, usually alone with her. He's an utterly defeated man at the moment, desperate and depressed, but of course, she is the only one who gets to see him in that state, ever. He still maintains the rigid, stern, clenched-jaw exterior among others, and it feels quite natural to me that he would drop the facade in the moment that she is 'abandoning' him.Seems to me that some of you guys are the ones who have Stannis figured wrong. He's not bereft of feelings, he's rather the opposite, too sensitive. Yeah, I see what you mean, but I'm looking at his character from the TV show prospective now. Somehow they got him to be all hero and stuff at the Battle of Blackwater and i really liked the change. And now from all of a sudden he is that whiny dude, who begs Melisandre not to go away and to help him win over the throne by giving him another shadow baby. He was the one that wanted to be fair and square at the first place and win his battles properly as honest man. And for a moment I got confused and thought "Does he want her back only for the shadow baby or does he have feelings for her?" It just seemed a little inconsistent to me. I really try not to compare book and TV show characters but it is just inevitable. I just don't see how this begging guy could become the tough leader who is determined to win the throne. I think they played it a bit too far with the depression...
836	FattyPeon	2013-04-15	You say he was a hero at Blackwater and now all of a sudden he is whiny and weak. What do you mean "all of a sudden"? He lost at Blackwater lol. He was crushed and shamed. He went to KL as a substantial favourite to win, and then he had to retreat from his birthright/glory/justice etc etc etc, and now he sits idle in Dragonstone without the men/gold/anything necessary to try again. Not sure whats so "all of a sudden" here.
837	Keishi of Oldstones	2013-04-15	I feel like these past 2 episodes with Cat scenes are definitly foreshadowing Lady Stoneheart making an appearance at the end of the season. Where all her grief she showing this season turning into rage and vengence.
838	MSUMC25	2013-04-15	It's not directly in the books no - I'd imagine GRRM had some input on this because the entire writing staff (including Martin) was very hush about Theon in this season.. I have my theories on why they added it and I'm enjoying it so far.. sadly it's going to be getting much worse for poor Alfie but he seemed really excited to be able to act out these scenes from his interviews.Oh and as this is the book spoilers thread I guess it's no secret as to "who saved Theon".. I don't want to spoil it for you but it's obviously someone you do not want to call "bastard" lest you want an arrow down your freakin gullet /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />HAHA I just never pictured Ramsey looking like that, but an awesome twist I agree.  It shows how much of a sociopath he truly is.
839	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	Even Kings get friendzoned.
840	MSUMC25	2013-04-15	I don't get why a lot of people were freaking out over the Stannis scene either.  I thought it showed him at rock bottom, and in the 3rd book Stannis disappears through the middle and ends up North of the Wall at the end, which was totally from left field but still awesome. 
The TV series just bluntly shows that he is a little P Whipped from Melisandre, which makes sense because shes by his side 24/7 telling him how great he is going to be and then leaves him at rock bottom.  It also makes sens because we know their relationship is also a physical one...a man has needs and would not like his women going off to god knows where.  I think her leaving is a must so Stannis stops sulking gets off his @#$ and starts planning his invasion.
841	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-15	A few laughs: Tyrion with the chair, Hot Pie and Gendy (I ship it)Winterhell.'It's a wolf.' ... 'Yes it is''Don't get stabbed' 'Don't burn your fingers'so cute, I'm sad to see Hot Pie go, I hope they have people stop at that place just so Hot Pie can make cameos. Brienne maybe, that just add another person to her looking for Sansa Stark and running into all the people that Arya Stark came across.Bad Stuff!Brienne and Jaime had no respect for the others fighting, which is a massive shame, I loved the mutual respect they had in the books.Then Robb and the Blackfish believe Bran and Rickon are alive... No! Just No.Stannis and Mel scene, was just odd, sets up the Gendry thing though. But the worst thing was Stannis wants the baby! He has no remorse about his brother. Big change from the books, don't like one bit.He showed remorse about it last season when he's about to kill Mel, "I killed my brother?".....Dany didn't share her plan with Barristan and Jorah. Not sure about that. Then her being 'commanding' just seems very wooden. Still not convinced by EC.She does the same thing in the books. She needs them to react the way they do or something might not have smelled right.After Dany has acquired Missandei as Her Girl Friday.Right out of the Book:Missandei:"Valar Morghulis"Dany:"All Men Must Serve"not in the bookDany looks at Missandei.Dany:"We are not men."Missandei, mild smile.D and D , that was a good one!Valar Morghulis, means All Men Must Die, Valar Dohaeris means "all men must serve"i watch every week with 3 non book readers. i was waiting the entire episode for sam the slayer, the reveal of ramsay (guess that wont be for A WHILE,) jamies hand and dany to reveal her understand of kraznys(sp.) when do the more seasoned readers expect these things to happen? i cant remember exactly when she revealed she could understand him, but i thought it was during the negotiating, i guess that was all one scene in the book though? anyone?The reader knows from the get go that she understands him because we're inside Dany's head. In the book she reveals it to one of the slavers( the rest are too distracted because they have a freaking DRAGON!) As soon as the transaction is complete, she starts screaming "it is done, you are mine, bought and paid for, it is done" in Valaryian.i feel like it did. it showed her watching him after she came back and sat down, i think she understood that he talked them out of it, she must have understood that SOMETHING happened in order to go from full rape to chillin by a tree.Yeap, it becomes pretty obvious because she's silent. She can't really talk to Jaime about why he lied for her, but when she gets a chance I'm sure she'll ask.Just watched it again, and I couldn't help but chuckle at the Jon+ wildlings scene. I kept picturing the White Walkers all placing random horse parts in a pattern, then giggling as they tip toed away. Why the pattern?Why do they let Will go so he can tell people that they have returned? Why did they let Sam go? They aren't just mindless zombies. They want people to know that they're out there.Does anyone know if Beric Dondarrion's been cast this season? I know Strong Belwas isn't /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> but I'm still holding out hope for him! Who else will beat the champion of Mereen, or whatever they call him?So when do we think Lady Stoneheart will appear? Since Book 3 will run into next season. do you guys think she will appear then, or this season? I'd love for them to have her appear at the very end of Episode 10 this season. Like, even AFTER the credits. It would be amazing!Beric is going to be in the next episode. My guess is if they do a champion single combat scene for Mareen it will be Barristan so we can finally see why he's the greatest knight ever. Jorah and Daario are also possibilities, it will probably not happen this season though, sadly.And does anyone here know anything about CGI? I wonder why it's so expensive, I thought it was just kind of similar to computer animation or something. Because I'm wondering why we only ever see one of Dany's dragons when she has three. We never see.. um... Viseron and Rhaegal? I forget their names because we only ever hear about Drogon.Also, I have no idea what Robb and the Tullys were talking about, I must have breezed over that part in the books.I didn't have a problem with the rock Bear and Maiden Fair. I thought it was a cool version. It was just a little odd following Jaime's behanding!It's different in the books, but basically after Robb lifts Jaime Lannister's seige at Riverrun, he tells his uncle Edmure to hold it. Edmure does hold it, but he also attacks the Mountain.I'm wondering how the non-book readers are handing the Tully introduction. This is the first we ever heard on the show that Robb is King of the Riverlands as well as the North, and that's a pretty big deal. It makes it kinda weird that we haven't heard of any Riverland soldiers in his army up to this point.Robb lifted Jaime Lannister's seige at Riverrun season one and captured him, lifting the siege brought all the Lords of the Riverlands into the war against the Lannnisters.Very shortly later, Ned is beheaded and the Lords are discussing Stannis/Joffrey/Renly etc. that's when Robb is given his crown and declared King in the North.(however since they helped the Riverlands allied with Freys through promises of marriage and Riverrun, the Riverlands are part of their kingdom)King in the North and Riverlands just doesn't sound as cool
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 15 April 2013 - 07:53 PM.
842	Lady Arwen	2013-04-15	I wholeheartedly agree with those who loved the Hot Pie farewell scene! It was adorable; Maisie is a very good young actress. And Gendry giving  Hot Pie a manly slap on the shoulder... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I also am sort of befuddled by the extremely off-kilter portrayal of Stannis being all sexified towards Mel. I suppose it could have been that way in the books and we just weren't privy to their dynamic, but it just doesn't jive with my interpretation of the character. Doesn't make it wrong, it just makes it a little weird for me to watch him grabbing her face and hissing, "I want you." /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
843	madprofessah	2013-04-15	I had no problem w/the moving the chair scene because it was showing you something about the duel for power, how Tywin Lannister holds all the power now and eveyrone else is a toady and how Cersei and Tyrion are in competition and it did also advance the plot because Tyrion got named Master of Coin.Count me in as someone who thought the "moving-the-chairs" scene was abso-freaking-brilliant! I noticed that almost all the best scenes in the episode (aforementioned chairs, opening scene with Edmure/Blackfish, Night's Watch and Craster's and Theon's chase through the forest) had almost no dialogue.It's also true that dialogue also vastly improved other scenes (Gendry's"Try not to burn your fingers"; Tyrion's "Details. Copious details." and Cat's scene at the window).
844	~ZombieWife~	2013-04-15	Count me in as someone who thought the "moving-the-chairs" scene was abso-freaking-brilliant! I noticed that almost all the best scenes in the episode (aforementioned chairs, opening scene with Edmure/Blackfish, Night's Watch and Craster's and Theon's chase through the forest) had almost no dialogue.It's also true that dialogue also vastly improved other scenes (Gendry's"Try not to burn your fingers"; Tyrion's "Details. Copious details." and Cat's scene at the window).I loved the chair scene.  I think it was Tyrion trying to show that his "position" at the table hadn't changed at all, and that sitting at the foot, he could look his father in the eye.I dunno, others may feel differently.
845	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-04-15	From a purist standpoint I wasn't happy as usual. I continue to wish Theon would just disappear for 2 seasons. The Podrick scenes were IMO a waste of time. Too much sex talk. And I can't picture Stannis behaving the way he did with anyone.Positives: The last scene was great. Even though I think they should stick to the books whenever they can, I feel they did indeed improve on the source material in that last scene. How can you be a purist and not like the sex talk, the book is full of it, GRM sometimes writes soft porn
846	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	I loved the chair scene.  I think it was Tyrion trying to show that his "position" at the table hadn't changed at all, and that sitting at the foot, he could look his father in the eye.I dunno, others may feel differently.I thought it was well done.  Everyone showed their place at the pecking order.  Spider goes to sit but Littlefinger zooms in to try to sit closer.  Old man is out of it as usual, looking not to stand out.  Cersei clearly establishes herself as Queen Regent.  Tyrion shows he doesn't need to rush, but rudely rubs the chair against the floor to place himself across from Tywin, attempting to show equal footing.  Him being burdened with Master of Coin is unfair, but it shows how Tywin places large stones for his son to carry.  That goes for the rest of his family.
847	Nudu	2013-04-15	Dany's line with Barristan was stupid. She said something like do not question me in front of the strangers. That was stupid. Barristan was kingsguard of the 3 kings. He was in the all important meetings. He must have known courtesy better than anyone.
848	boojam	2013-04-15	Valar Morghulis, means All Men Must Die, Valar Dohaeris means "all men must serve"That right in show Missandei say's Valar Morghulis, in the book Dany either speaking High Valyrian or translating to common tongue "all men must serve". That the way it is in the show, direct from the book , except for the HV part. But then Dany says "We are not men."I need to make the note that I did not make a mistake, except for Dany's last remark, that is exactly the dialog from the book.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2013 - 09:27 AM.
849	Currawong	2013-04-15	Dany's line with Barristan was stupid. She said something like do not question me in front of the strangers. That was stupid. Barristan was kingsguard of the 3 kings. He was in the all important meetings. He must have known courtesy better than anyone.Being in the KIngsguard does not give you the right to question the king in public or interrupt any meetings.	KG were supposed to guard the king: if they attended meetings, they were not expected to speak unless spoken to.  The fact that the knights in the KG did not challenge the mad king Aerys about some of his more terrible actions (e.g.raping his wife, his torture of Brandon and Rickard) was what so disturbed the young Jaime as a new KG member.Ser Barristan as the Lord Commander would have known that as well as anyone, and Dany was 100% right to reprimand him for disagreeing with her in public as he did.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 15 April 2013 - 11:04 PM.
850	Nudu	2013-04-15	Being in the KIngsguard does not give you the right to question the king in public or interrupt any meetings.	KG were supposed to guard the king: if they attended meetings, they were not expected to speak unless spoken to.  The fact that the knights in the KG did not challenge the mad king Aerys about some of his more terrible actions (e.g.raping his wife, his torture of Brandon and Rickard) was what so disturbed the young Jaime as a new KG member.Ser Barristan as the Lord Commander would have known that as well as anyone, and Dany was 100% right to reprimand him for disagreeing with her in public as he did.We are telling the same thing. Sorry my English is poor so i can't explain myself. I'm saying that Barristan should have never question Dany in front of the strangers. This is out of character. He has been in hunderds of meetings and he must have learned not to question your king/queen in front of the strangers.
851	Currawong	2013-04-15	Ah, OK - you said that Dany's line with Barristan was stupid, so I misunderstood and thought you were saying that Dany should not have got cross with him.
852	Ser Coffee The Bold	2013-04-15	I haven't read the whole thread and seen if this question has been discussed, but what was going on with the Pod scene?
We never see on camera what exactly went down, but I think it's related to the plot to get Sansa to the Vale. Maybe we wont see Sansa and her "florian", but instead the payment was given back in some plot to save Sansa from the Lannisters.
Maidenpool has been cut... Jaime and Brienne fought on a bridge with no fountain. 
Wouldn't Tyrion's betrothal to Sansa have been revealed in the "chair scene" if it were ever to be revealed? Maybe they are cutting Tyrion/Sansa wedding... it will only be a betrothal, with Tyrion sending Sansa away willingly? Even in the books he felt bad being forced on her and couldn't bring himself to consumate the marriage...
853	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-15	well i know i'm right about tywin,joeffry,robb being dead. intro beric kill beric you get uncat so that is in the bag so to speak. arya in braavos for season 4 so hound left for dead after RW is happening.
LC mormont shae ros ygritte are all gone by end of season. sorry peeps we are gonna have a HIGH death toll
reminder show & books are seperate entities
List of plotlines for season 4 gets us completely caught up to book 5: Tyrion & Jorah, Arya with FM training in braavos, Dany in Meereen, Sansa & LF in the Vale with lil boy mcshakey,Jon as LC with stannis mance & melisandre,intro of greyjoys & martells & aegon, brienne on quest with pod, jamie vs stoneheart, cersei vs marge with others as well but you get the picture. season 4 will put us even with the story as it CURRENTLY stands
Game of Thrones,Clash of Kings, Storm of Swords, Feast for Crows, Dance of Dragons, Winds of Winter, Dreams of Spring that is seven books. hbo will fit entire series into 6 if we are lucky 7 seasons. while we are only three seasons in the show has gotta keep pace. the way most of you describe how you would like or think events will take place would put the show at 10 11 seasons which would be completely unfeasible
i posted this in the wrong spot ignore if u want
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 15 April 2013 - 11:34 PM.
854	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-15	well i know i'm right about tywin,joeffry,robb being dead. intro beric kill beric you get uncat so that is in the bag so to speak. arya in braavos for season 4 so hound left for dead after RW is happening.LC mormont shae ros ygritte are all gone by end of season. sorry peeps we are gonna have a HIGH death tollreminder show & books are seperate entitiesList of plotlines for season 4 gets us completely caught up to book 5: Tyrion & Jorah, Arya with FM training in braavos, Dany in Meereen, Sansa & LF in the Vale with lil boy mcshakey,Jon as LC with stannis mance & melisandre,intro of greyjoys & martells & aegon, brienne on quest with pod, jamie vs stoneheart, cersei vs marge with others as well but you get the picture. season 4 will put us even with the story as it CURRENTLY standsGame of Thrones,Clash of Kings, Storm of Swords, Feast for Crows, Dance of Dragons, Winds of Winter, Dreams of Spring that is seven books. hbo will fit entire series into 6 if we are lucky 7 seasons. while we are only three seasons in the show has gotta keep pace. the way most of you describe how you would like or think events will take place would put the show at 10 11 seasons which would be completely unfeasiblei posted this in the wrong spot ignore if u wantWell actually if it lasts till the end of the book series there will be at least 8 seasons. The 3rd and the 4th seasons are actually all based on ASOS since that book is so long the third season is part one of ASOS and the second season is part two of ASOS....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 16 April 2013 - 12:07 AM.
855	Newstar	2013-04-16	Wouldn't Tyrion's betrothal to Sansa have been revealed in the "chair scene" if it were ever to be revealed? Maybe they are cutting Tyrion/Sansa wedding...Spoilers for TV show:
	Spoiler The wedding's going in. It was spoiled a long time ago that the Tyrion/Sansa wedding was happening and that it would fall in Episode 8...The 3x08 episode description states "King's Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together." There's also a shot in one of the trailers of Tyrion's hand slamming a dagger down and Joffrey reacting at some sort of gathering, and this is almost certainly from the book incident at the wedding feast where Joffrey wants to go ahead with the bedding and Tyrion refuses and threatens Joffrey....I sort of thought the wedding might be cut, since the writers aren't shy about changing other big things, but nope, it's definitely going in.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 16 April 2013 - 12:03 AM.
856	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-16	A friend who didnt read the books thought Iwan Rheon is a bastard of Ned Stark /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)
857	Newstar	2013-04-16	A friend who didnt read the books thought Iwan Rheon is a bastard of Ned Stark /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)Haw! Well, he is a bastard...Do the books use "bastard" in the sense of a synonym for "jerk"? Because that could get awfully confusing.
858	StarkDragon	2013-04-16	Haw! Well, he is a bastard...Do the books use "bastard" in the sense of a synonym for "jerk"? Because that could get awfully confusing.I think they use it more to relate to being treacherous, if it at all.
859	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-16	I think ppl are really overreacting with the whole, "Tv Stannis is weak" thing just because of the last episode.  We don't get any Stannis or Mel pov chapters in ASOS we only get Davos so all the tv series is trying to show is that there is obviously an emotional and very real intimate connection betwwen Stannis and Mel that is definitely one of the reasons(among other obvious reasons) that Stannis refuses to part with her, and the book Stannis would never admit to that even though it's obviously true.  If you've watched the countless season 3 trailers as most have then you should know that Stannis will get back to his normal badass self by the end of this season.  There's a scene in one of the trailers that shows Stannis talking to a man behind a cell that is most likely Ser Davos, and he lays out a pretty badass quote in my opinion:"The Darkness will devour them all, unless I triumph.  We do not choose our destiny, we must do our duty no?  Great or small we must do our duty."Ya I'd say Stannis will definitely end this season as his normal stone cold, mean muggin, badass self.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 16 April 2013 - 01:55 AM.
860	rohit39	2013-04-16	Correct me if i'm wrong, but around this time in ASOS, don't Jon and Ygritte start getting down and dirty on a regular basis? Till now there's been no indication of that on the show. But i believe that, along with Jon's feelings of conflict between what he felt for Ygritte and his honour and duty, was one of the stronger points from the Beyond the Wall thread from the books (Especially since they've toned down the characters of Mance and Tormund). Any idea if they would bring in all that later into the season?
861	Pearl Snow	2013-04-16	Could someone please answer this for me. Was the music supposed to start before the hand was cut off because it did for me? Or was it supposed to start during the credits?I suppose I would feel differently about the song if this happened while I was watching. I'm just so amazed by the harsh feelings that one little piece of music has caused. I did assume that the Bear/Fair song was supposed to be a fun drinking song, but even the other version seemed a bit hard to keep up with. Especially after a wild night of downing tankards./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I loved this episode. The best so far this season for me. My non book reader husband is very confused though. I am enjoying explaining who's who.
862	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-16	Correct me if i'm wrong, but around this time in ASOS, don't Jon and Ygritte start getting down and dirty on a regular basis? Till now there's been no indication of that on the show. But i believe that, along with Jon's feelings of conflict between what he felt for Ygritte and his honour and duty, was one of the stronger points from the Beyond the Wall thread from the books (Especially since they've toned down the characters of Mance and Tormund). Any idea if they would bring in all that later into the season?Well in one of the season 3 trailers there's quick glipse/image of a scene where Ygritte is stripping down in front of someone who is most likely Jon Snow. So I'd say Jon and Ygritte will definitely form the beast with two backs at least once this season lol.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 16 April 2013 - 01:57 AM.
863	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I think ppl are really overreacting with the whole, "Tv Stannis is weak" thing just because of the last episode.  We don't get any Stannis or Mel pov chapters in ASOS we only get Davos so all the tv series is trying to show is that there is obviously an emotional and very real intimate connection betwwen Stannis and Mel that is definetly one of the reasons(among other obvious reasons) that Stannis refuses to part with her, and the book Stannis would never admit to that even though it's obviously true.  If you've watched the countless season 3 trailers as most have then you should know that Stannis will get back to his normal badass self by the end of this season.  There's a scene in one of the trailers that shows Stannis talking to a man behind a cell that is most likely Ser Davos, and he lays out a pretty badass quote in my opinion:"The Darkness will devour them all, unless I triumph.  We do not choose our destiny, we must do our duty no?  Great or small we must do our duty."Ya I'd say Stannis will definitely end this season as his normal stone cold, mean muggin, badass self.I think people forget that characters need to go through arcs in order to maintain the drama and seem real.  It seems like everyone wants the characters to be one way 100% of the time, and/or they think the way the characters appear NOW is the way they will appear throughout the rest of the series.
864	Sigorn	2013-04-16	I don't know if it has already been said in this very long topic, if so, excuse me. I'm a little concerned with the Ramsay-Theon story line. After the quite not impressive first and second episode this third one seems pretti awsome to me, with the BF, the heartbreaking farewell of Arya and HotPie and the very funny Tyrion-Pod-Bronn scene in the whorehouse; but what's going on with Ramsay and Theon? How could they kill the bastard so early in the series? I mean, we don't even know which importance Ramsay will have in TWOW or in ADOS, so, what will they do with the Winterfell sotryline of ADWD?
I think also that these few scenes of Theon in prison could not give the idea of the very big sufferance that this character got in the books (wich is very important in his psychological developpement, think about all the Reek thing and the depersonalization) to everyone who just watches the HBO series and does not read the book series.
And in the end, who the hell is the lad who saves him?
What do you think about it?
865	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I don't know if it has already been said in this very long topic, if so, excuse me. I'm a little concerned with the Ramsay-Theon story line. After the quite not impressive first and second episode this third one seems pretti awsome to me, with the BF, the heartbreaking farewell of Arya and HotPie and the very funny Tyrion-Pod-Bronn scene in the whorehouse; but what's going on with Ramsay and Theon? How could they kill the bastard so early in the series? I mean, we don't even know which importance Ramsay will have in TWOW or in ADOS, so, what will they do with the Winterfell sotryline of ADWD?I think also that these few scenes of Theon in prison could not give the idea of the very big sufferance that this character got in the books (wich is very important in his psychological developpement, think about all the Reek thing and the depersonalization) to everyone who just watches the HBO series and does not read the book series.And in the end, who the hell is the lad who saves him?What do you think about it?Honestly I don't know if I have the heart to spoil it for you or let you find out by watching the show.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 02:23 AM.
866	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	D<U+0084>cl<U+0084>ct<U+0084>cdA comput<U+0084>cr probl<U+0084>cms.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 02:27 AM.
867	Darkstar For King	2013-04-16	I'm really liking Jorah and Barristan scenes, as it is more interesting this way as they both are aware of each other. Like Jorah saying "Is it 'we' already" was great. I'm just wondering that since Barristan wasn't in the Small Council in the show, how will they do Jorah's exit? 
Also not sure if this is discussed in the thread but I don't have the time to go through it, so sorry if it is.
868	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	They ought to pay the actor who plays Ser Barristan to get into a little better shape.
869	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-16	On Locke:Whose to say Locke isn't a sellsword hired by Roose?  I think this a oppose to him being some knight or his lieutenant is reasonable.  All we know is that he is Roose's "hunter."  As a sellsword, it would establish an additional tie to Vargo explained by his poorer upbringing.  Also it alleviates him from the responsibility of thinking about the political implications of Jaime.  On the other hand, he is directly planning on ransoming Brienne, so the treatment of Jaime isn't hypocritical.  Considering the butterfly effect of taking the Bloody Mummers out last season, this seems as true to the books as you can get if you ask me.He carries the Bolton banner so do his men, all of whom refer to him as "Lord." They wouldn't bother with this if he was a sellsword, and also they are obviously trying to incorporate Bolton men as much as possible.
870	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-16	I don't know why the poor Dornish get the grunt of everything; it's Dreadforters whom you really shouldn't drink with on a full moon....
					
					
							Edited by MisunderstoodFrey, 16 April 2013 - 03:42 AM.
871	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Dany's line with Barristan was stupid. She said something like do not question me in front of the strangers. That was stupid. Barristan was kingsguard of the 3 kings. He was in the all important meetings. He must have known courtesy better than anyone. It was from the books, but I agree with you. The only reason it worked in the books was because, at this point, Barristan was still "Arstan" and not a member of Dany's queensguard.
872	sigo0	2013-04-16	^
but he, and Jorah for that matter, think of dany as inexperiencedchild, she is suppoused to be 15 isn't she? so I understand his doubts.
what is a meereense knot? I can't remember it mentioned in the books!
873	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-16	^but he, and Jorah for that matter, think of dany as inexperiencedchild, she is suppoused to be 15 isn't she? so I understand his doubts.what is a meereense knot? I can't remember it mentioned in the books!The Mereneese Knot was what George called his problem of getting the story in ADWD together (and therefor a big part of why the book took so long to finish). Since he had to scrap his original idea of there being a 5 year gap after ASOS he had trouble with the timing of when characters arrived at Merreen and how they would affect each other.So in the show it was a little nod to all of us that have waited for ADWD for a long time.
874	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	Barristan questions her because he's not sure she's a queen yet.
875	songbirdsings	2013-04-16	Am I the only one who thinks that by using Locke to dismember Jamie, that this will be a way to give the "viewers" a reason for Bolton's part in the Red Wedding?  Obviously, Tywin will be pissed and we know what fate awaited the Goat, when The Mountain came back to Harrenhal.   Since all that is cut out and it's Roose's man  who committed the crime, I can see Roose trying to avoid a whole Rains of Dreadfort and offer up the betrayal or at least agree to participate.
876	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-16	he questions her because it would be crazy to give away a dragon.
877	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-16	Am I the only one who thinks that by using Locke to dismember Jamie, that this will be a way to give the "viewers" a reason for Bolton's part in the Red Wedding?  Obviously, Tywin will be pissed and we know what fate awaited the Goat, when The Mountain came back to Harrenhal.   Since all that is cut out and it's Roose's man  who committed the crime, I can see Roose trying to avoid a whole Rains of Dreadfort and offer up the betrayal or at least agree to participate.I don't agree. Roose is calculating; he does things if they are to his advantage. He doesn't believe Robb will win the war and subsequently uses the situation to his advantage. It would ruin the character to have him do such a thing for anyone's hand.
878	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	In general, a very good episode. Loved the Small Council scene with the chairs, of course, and the ending. Very good Jaime/Brienne scenes across the board. The whorehouse scene felt pointless, but I did enjoy the bonding afterwards. Setting things up both to strengthen the Tyrion/Pod bond, and to make it sting even more for Tyrion when Bronn won't be his champion against the Mountain. I liked the farewell to Hot Pie - even if it did make me worry for him. Simple contentment just doesn't happen in Westeros...
The treatment of Edmure was too harsh, I think. Doesn't he get even a shred of sympathy for just having lost his father? Instead he gets shoved aside by the Blackfish, and yelled at by Robb, and then he's not even included in the "remembering Hoster" scene between Catelyn and the Blackfish. I hope he gets some more nuanced stuff in upcoming episodes.
Also, did not like the Stannis scene. I'm not going to say he's ruined based on one scene, but I hope it's not the start of a trend.
879	Don Roberto	2013-04-16	I think at this point in time the Boltons are still loyal Stark men, or at least loyal to the cause of the North. I don't remember quite well how premeditated Roose's betrayal was in the books, but I don't think so far in the show he's even cogitated an alliance with Tywin. I don't even think he plans on using Jaime as a hostage, given his talk of revenge with Karstark in 3x01. Matters little the state of a man marked for the axe, so long as he's alive.
880	boojam	2013-04-16	The Mereneese Knot was what George called his problem of getting the story in ADWD together (and therefor a big part of why the book took so long to finish). Since he had to scrap his original idea of there being a 5 year gap after ASOS he had trouble with the timing of when characters arrived at Merreen and how they would affect each other.The funny thing is HBO show-wise, in two more years, is going to , sort of, defacto, arrive at The Mereneese Knot!
881	boojam	2013-04-16	We are telling the same thing. Sorry my English is poor so i can't explain myself. I'm saying that Barristan should have never question Dany in front of the strangers. This is out of character. He has been in hunderds of meetings and he must have learned not to question your king/queen in front of the strangers.But that's , I don't remember the exact words, is exactly from the book.
882	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-16	In general, a very good episode. Loved the Small Council scene with the chairs, of course, and the ending. Very good Jaime/Brienne scenes across the board. The whorehouse scene felt pointless, but I did enjoy the bonding afterwards. Setting things up both to strengthen the Tyrion/Pod bond, and to make it sting even more for Tyrion when Bronn won't be his champion against the Mountain. I liked the farewell to Hot Pie - even if it did make me worry for him. Simple contentment just doesn't happen in Westeros...The treatment of Edmure was too harsh, I think. Doesn't he get even a shred of sympathy for just having lost his father? Instead he gets shoved aside by the Blackfish, and yelled at by Robb, and then he's not even included in the "remembering Hoster" scene between Catelyn and the Blackfish. I hope he gets some more nuanced stuff in upcoming episodes.Also, did not like the Stannis scene. I'm not going to say he's ruined based on one scene, but I hope it's not the start of a trend.I don't remember the Blackfish being so obnoxious to Edmure during the funeral in the books.  Would he really berate Edmure in public as he did in the show - Edmure may be a callow young man and the Blackfish's nephew, but he is also the new head of House Tully and the Blackfish's liege lord.  Sort of a transitional, move-the-plot-along episode for me.Dany's arc - thankfully, she's not fussing and floundering as she did last season. I'm actually enjoying her scenes; there is tension and suspense and we can see a queen in her.   Loved Jorah's bringing up the "and Rhaegar died" line, great delivery!Musical Chairs scene - another dramatic high point, thanks to the great acting and direction.  I swear, the Council behaved like bratty kids (as well as one-upping politicians) and Tywin the dignified dad; with Cersei and Tyrion as the squabbling siblings.  The scene did especially well in showing Tywin as the center of power in the capital, at least for now.  Points to Tyrion for being resilient!Jaime and Brienne at the end were great; good direction in hearing the cries not only of Brienne, dragged off to be raped, but the men who she was battering; showing her strength and stubbornness.  And the buildup to the loss of Jaime's hand was excellent.Pod/Tyrion/Bronn - did not impress me much with the scenes with the prostitutes.  I guess HBO has a certain sex/prostitutes/skin quota in every GOT season.  Not to mention the Ros appearance.  Jon and the Wildlings.  Kind of bored me.Looking forward to the next episode...
883	mafalda	2013-04-16	A friend who didnt read the books thought Iwan Rheon is a bastard of Ned Stark /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)Lol! My bf's friend is sooo confused at all of this! I love hearing what non bookies think what is going on with this!Correct me if i'm wrong, but around this time in ASOS, don't Jon and Ygritte start getting down and dirty on a regular basis? Till now there's been no indication of that on the show. But i believe that, along with Jon's feelings of conflict between what he felt for Ygritte and his honour and duty, was one of the stronger points from the Beyond the Wall thread from the books (Especially since they've toned down the characters of Mance and Tormund). Any idea if they would bring in all that later into the season?I think this will happen in episode 5, which is titled "Kissed By Fire". Becuase Ygritte's red hair is considered lucky by the wildlings, they say redheads are kissed by fire. So this episode will have a lot to do with Ygritte. And of course, if Ygritte is in it, so is Jon /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I don't know if it has already been said in this very long topic, if so, excuse me. I'm a little concerned with the Ramsay-Theon story line. After the quite not impressive first and second episode this third one seems pretti awsome to me, with the BF, the heartbreaking farewell of Arya and HotPie and the very funny Tyrion-Pod-Bronn scene in the whorehouse; but what's going on with Ramsay and Theon? How could they kill the bastard so early in the series? I mean, we don't even know which importance Ramsay will have in TWOW or in ADOS, so, what will they do with the Winterfell sotryline of ADWD? I think also that these few scenes of Theon in prison could not give the idea of the very big sufferance that this character got in the books (wich is very important in his psychological developpement, think about all the Reek thing and the depersonalization) to everyone who just watches the HBO series and does not read the book series. And in the end, who the hell is the lad who saves him? What do you think about it?They didn't kill the bastard. Um. I don't know if you have been reading the boards or not, I'd hate to spoil this for you, so if you don't want to be spoiled don't read beyond this point (sorry I don't know how to do the spoiler thing)The guy who helps Theon escape, and rescues him is the same guy. He's known as "boy" in all the credits, but it's obvious that he is actually Ramsay Bolton. Theon doesn't know who he is, because Boy has not officially revealed his true identity. Remember in Book 2, Ramsay totally messes with Theon's mind and tricks him into believing he is someone else. Since we didn't get any of that last season, they are maming up for it this season.They ought to pay the actor who plays Ser Barristan to get into a little better shape.Hahahaha! I did notice his huge pot belly! He was way slimmer in Season 1. For him to be the greatest knight in all of Westeros, he does need to be in a bit better shape. I hate to say it, but it's true!
884	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-16	I don't remember the Blackfish being so obnoxious to Edmure during the funeral in the books.  Would he really berate Edmure in public as he did in the show - Edmure may be a callow young man and the Blackfish's nephew, but he is also the new head of House Tully and the Blackfish's liege lord.  Sort of a transitional, move-the-plot-along episode for me.Dany's arc - thankfully, she's not fussing and floundering as she did last season. I'm actually enjoying her scenes; there is tension and suspense and we can see a queen in her.   Loved Jorah's bringing up the "and Rhaegar died" line, great delivery!Musical Chairs scene - another dramatic high point, thanks to the great acting and direction.  I swear, the Council behaved like bratty kids (as well as one-upping politicians) and Tywin the dignified dad; with Cersei and Tyrion as the squabbling siblings.  The scene did especially well in showing Tywin as the center of power in the capital, at least for now.  Points to Tyrion for being resilient!Jaime and Brienne at the end were great; good direction in hearing the cries not only of Brienne, dragged off to be raped, but the men who she was battering; showing her strength and stubbornness.  And the buildup to the loss of Jaime's hand was excellent.Pod/Tyrion/Bronn - did not impress me much with the scenes with the prostitutes.  I guess HBO has a certain sex/prostitutes/skin quota in every GOT season.  Not to mention the Ros appearance.  Jon and the Wildlings.  Kind of bored me.Looking forward to the next episode...Really? Blaming HBO for the amount of sex in the series? I believe the books had a lot more sex than the show has. Did you skip those parts of the books or were they censored when you read them?
885	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	I think this will happen in episode 5, which is titled "Kissed By Fire". Becuase Ygritte's red hair is considered lucky by the wildlings, they say redheads are kissed by fire. So this episode will have a lot to do with Ygritte. And of course, if Ygritte is in it, so is Jon /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I think that title's going to do double duty, so to speak - Ygritte/Jon, certainly, but also the Beric/Hound duel and explanation of how Beric is still "alive." Fire and kisses in both.
886	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	Did anyone else notice that Craster looked a lot filthier this episode? 
I thought during season 2 that he looked a bit to clean and groomed.
887	drstrangelove	2013-04-16	Can there be a separate thread for the complainers and whiners?So only fanboys are allowed in this thread?
888	mafalda	2013-04-16	So only fanboys are allowed in this thread?Oakenfist may end up on his own proposed thread! Light humor, light humor, that's all..I think that title's going to do double duty, so to speak - Ygritte/Jon, certainly, but also the Beric/Hound duel and explanation of how Beric is still "alive." Fire and kisses in both.Oh yeah, I forgot all about that!
889	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	he questions her because it would be crazy to give away a dragon. Well he didn't question any of Aerys' crazy behaviour. That's the point. Barristan, as a member of the Kinsguard, is used to not voicing his opinion. It only worked in the books because Barristan hadn't joined Dany's queensguard.
890	JMJ	2013-04-16	Well he didn't question any of Aerys' crazy behaviour. That's the point. Barristan, as a member of the Kinsguard, is used to not voicing his opinion. It only worked in the books because Barristan hadn't joined Dany's queensguard.One could also argue that between getting kicked out of the KG and showing up at Dany's, both in the books and in the show, Selmy has likely had quite a big "awakening" and change in outlook. Getting kicked out of the KG was a huge slap in the face for him, and it's changed how he does things. We get a glimpse of this in his POV chapters, IMO as he has to take matters in his own hands.
891	Summerhall Sleeper	2013-04-16	Arya's comment to the hound had to do with the death of Micah...
892	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-16	Well he didn't question any of Aerys' crazy behaviour. That's the point. Barristan, as a member of the Kinsguard, is used to not voicing his opinion. It only worked in the books because Barristan hadn't joined Dany's queensguard.Ser Barristan's situation with Dany is not nearly the same as with the other rulers he's served.  The kings he served prior to Dany already had things that establish you as King of Westeros like The Iron Throne, a hand, council members, other KG members, Bannermen, and a Royal army, along with the alligance of the seven kingdoms, at this point Dany really has none of that.  The fact of the matter is Dany is stiil a lost young girl that's a foriegner in a foreign land trying to gather the resources needed to take Westeros.  She really knows nothing about Westeros or what it will take to win it and with Ser Barristan's experience fighting in multiple wars and serving multiple kings at this point he definitetly knows a lot more about ruling westeros and what it will take to succesfully take the Iron throne than Dany or Ser Jorah does for that matter.  At that point all Dany had was Ser Jorah, Selmy, and few Dothraki remnants, this makes Ser Barristan's role a lot bigger than just being her simple yes man, he has to advise her, guide her, and yes in some cases arguing against her(for her own good) while still leading her as if she was his own granddaughter. And I definitely do think Ser Barristan feels a grandfather vibe towards Dany.  Like Ser Davos once said, "Loyal service means telling hard truths."  Ser Barristan was in a situation that he thought required his immediate intervention because Dany was in the proccess of negotiating exchanging one of her dragons, he really didn't have anytime to spare and honestly I don't blame him.If Dany was embarrassed she really has no one to blame but herself, she obviously knew she didn't have enough money to buy all 8,000 slaves beforehand so she should have at least told Ser Barristan and Ser Jorah what her plan was prior to the meeting, and that little embarrasment would have never happened.  She should probably show a little more grattitude at the fact that Ser Barristan is even offering to help her instead of bitching, moaning, and threatning to part ways wih him as if she'd even stand a chance of taking the throne without Ser Barristan's help.  Smh tv Dany really pisses me off.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 16 April 2013 - 01:07 PM.
893	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Ser Barristan's situation with Dany is not nearly the same as with the other rulers he's served.  The kings he served prior to Dany already had things that establish you as King of Westeros like The Iron throne, a hand, Council members, other KG members, Bannermen, and a Royal army, along with the alligance of the seven kingdoms, at this point Dany really has none of that.  The fact of the matter is Dany is stiil a lost young girl that's a foriegner in a foreign land trying to gather the resources needed to take Westeros.  She really knows nothing about Westeros or what it will take to win it and with Ser Barristans experience fighting in multiple wars and serving multiple kings at this point he definitetly knows a lot more about ruling westeros and what it will take to succesfully take the Iron throne than Dany or Ser Jorah does for that matter.  Right now all Dany has is Ser Jorah, Selmy, and few Dothraki remenants, this make Ser Barristan's role a lot bigger than just being her simple yes man, he has to advise her, guide her, and yes in some cases lead her as if she was his own granddaughter.  Like Ser Davos once said, "Loyal service means telling hard truths."  Ser Barristan was in a situation that he thought required his immediate intervention because Dany was in the proccess of negotiating exchanging one of her Dragons, he really didn't have anytime to spare and honestly I don't blame him.Again, to reiterate: the point is that Barristan has decades of experience of controlling what he says. That's why it's out of character.If Dany was embarrassed she really has no one to blame but herself, she obviously knew she didn't have enough money to buy all 8,00 slaves before hand so she should have at least told Ser Barristan and Ser Jorah what her plan was prior to the meeting, and that little embarrasment would have never happened.  She should probably show a little more grattitude at the fact that Ser Barristan is even offering to help her instead of bitching, moaning, and threatning to part ways wih him as if she'd even stand a chance of taking the throne without Ser Barristan's support.  Smh tv Dany really pisses me off.Do you not realise that Dany WANTED Barristan and Jorah to react like that? If they acted like they didn't care, Kraznys would not believe her. But she schools them afterwards so that they don't do it again. Dany needed them to make a scene, but she needed them to know not to do it again. She used her knowledge of their personalities to her political advantage, and she used it as an opportunity to teach them a lesson. It was a very smart move, and shows her political awareness.Also LOL Dany owes Barristan NOTHING, and she'd EASILY win Westeros without him. She has three dragons; one knight isn't going to make a difference. So maybe you should think a little bit harder before you post anything about Daenerys in future.
894	Don Roberto	2013-04-16	Well he didn't question any of Aerys' crazy behaviour. That's the point. Barristan, as a member of the Kinsguard, is used to not voicing his opinion. It only worked in the books because Barristan hadn't joined Dany's queensguard.I feel Barristan, both in the books and so far in the series, has been more of a Hand than a mere queensguard to Dany. Aerys had plenty of people in his court, and he was a young knight among many, while Dany is a green queen surrounded by strangers. Sure, in the books he doesn't usually say what's in his mind without being asked to, but it doesn't strike me as too out-of-character his shock to Dany's trade of a dragon.
895	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	I feel Barristan, both in the books and so far in the series, has been more of a Hand than a mere queensguard to Dany. Aerys had plenty of people in his court, and he was a young knight among many, while Dany is a green queen surrounded by strangers. Sure, in the books he doesn't usually say what's in his mind without being asked to, but it doesn't strike me as too out-of-character his shock to Dany's trade of a dragon.He doesn't really take up that role until Dany is taken from Meereen, though. In the books I think it showed that "Arstan" didn't really see Dany as his queen yet. But in the show Barristan has already joined her queensguard. So I understand why people feel it is out of character.
896	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-16	Again, to reiterate: the point is that Barristan has decades of experience of controlling what he says. That's why it's out of character.Do you not realise that Dany WANTED Barristan and Jorah to react like that? If they acted like they didn't care, Kraznys would not believe her. But she schools them afterwards so that they don't do it again. Dany needed them to make a scene, but she needed them to know not to do it again. She used her knowledge of their personalities to her political advantage, and she used it as an opportunity to teach them a lesson. It was a very smart move, and shows her political awareness.Also LOL Dany owes Barristan NOTHING, and she'd EASILY win Westeros without him. She has three dragons; one knight isn't going to make a difference. So maybe you should think a little bit harder before you post anything about Daenerys in future.First of all she has three dragons that are nowhere near as large as Aegon l's at this point in the tv series those dragons wouldn't do shit in Westeros and to even get to Westeros she has to first survive Essos, do you think she would still believe alive even at this point if she didn't have Ser Barristan or Ser Jorah with her?  If Ser Jorah wasn't with her then she would certainly have been dead in the first season, and Ser Barristan saved her ass in the first episode of the third season so you're argument is beyond absurd.  I obviously know why Dany did what she did I'm no rookie to this story, what i'm saying is I understand why Ser Barristan reacted the way he did and there was no need for Dany to bitch him out afterwords for just looking after her best intrests especially if his intial react was one she was trying to create to begin with.Dany would not easily win Westeros without ser Barristan hell she can't even get there now and her Dragons are not nearly as fearsome as you might think they are, even if we go as far as the 5th book with Dany's dragon's growth increase the largest as most fierce of the three dragons Drogon was almost killed in the slave pit what do you think would have happened to it if it were a Westeros battlefield instead?  Do you think Aegon l's dragon Balerion the Dread would have almost been killed in a fuckin slave pit?  Not a chance in hell so please spare me you're "Dany would easily take Westeros without Ser Barristan because she has three dragons" bullshit.  Her Dragon's are nowhere near the size of Aegon and his sister's yet and especially not at this point in the tv series.Dany's not about to win Westeros with a army of foreigners and to win Westeros you need support from Westeros and to do that you need men that have names that hold meaning throughout the seven kingdoms to help you negotiate, you need men that know Westeros like the back of their hand, men that can actually form battle strategies based on their knowledge and understanding of each region and kingdom of Westeros like Ser Barristan does.  So no as of right now there's no way in hell Dany would take westeros without Ser Barristan.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 16 April 2013 - 01:35 PM.
897	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Dany would not easily win Westeros without ser Barristan hell she can't even get there now and her Dragons are not nearly as fearsome as you might think they are, even if we go as far as the 5th book with Dany's dragon's growth increase the largest as most fierce of the three dragons Drogon was almost killed in the slave pit what do you think would have happened to it if it were a Westeros battlefield instead?  Do you think Aegon l's dragon Balerion the Dread would have almost been killed in a fuckin slave pit?  Not a chance in hell so please spare me you're Dany would easily take Westeros without Ser Barristan because she has three dragons bullshit.  Her Dragon's are nowhere near the size of Aegon and his sister's yet and especially not at this point in the tv series.You're agreeing with Barristan for being shocked at Dany... but you don't think the dragons are essential? LOL. Dany's dragons will continue to grow. She could wait a few years and invade Westeros when they were huge. But either way she does not need Barristan Selmy.Drogon was not "almost killed in the slave pit". He was surrounded but he could have flown away at any time. He was there to take Daenerys away. Dany's not about to win Westeros with a army of foreigners and to win Westeros you need support from Westeros and to do that you need men that have names that hold meaning throughout the seven kingdoms to help you negotiate, you need men that know Westeros like the back of their hand, men that can actually form battle strategies based on their knowledge and understanding of each region and kingdom of Westeros like Ser Barristan does.  So no as of right now there's no way in hell Dany would take westeros without Ser Barristan. Aegon the Conqueror won support from Westeros with his dragons. Dany can do the same.There are other people in Westeros who know about Westeros, so again: Barristan is not necessary.
898	SilentSense	2013-04-16	While perhaps not necessary, he is a huge asset for that project for sure, if we are to believe Tywin Lannister's assessment. In fairness, Tywin knows a lot more about Westeros than Dany.
899	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-16	You're agreeing with Barristan for being shocked at Dany... but you don't think the dragons are essential? LOL. Dany's dragons will continue to grow. She could wait a few years and invade Westeros when they were huge. But either way she does not need Barristan Selmy.Drogon was not "almost killed in the slave pit". He was surrounded but he could have flown away at any time. He was there to take Daenerys away.Aegon the Conqueror won support from Westeros with his dragons. Dany can do the same.There are other people in Westeros who know about Westeros, so again: Barristan is not necessary.Yes Drogon was almost killed in the slave pit, and even though Drogon did indeed leave with Dany the dragon's intial reason for being there wasn't to take her away, it was to hunt because Drogon smelled blood and death from the fighting in the pits, it wasn't even aware of Dany's presence initially.  It wasn't until after Dany ran into the pit and made herself known to/attepmted to tame Drogon that they then left together.Any way at this point in the tv series her dragons are essential because they prove that she is indeed Danearys Targaryen instead of some pretender and because of the potenial power they represent once they are fully grown!  There not even near that size yet, so yes if it came down to having to kill them they would not be seen nearly as fearsome of a foe as Aegon and his sister's dragon's were.  Aegon is not comparable to Dany because his Dragons were all a lot larger than Dany's are at any point in any of the books or seasons so far.  Do you think if Aegon l used the exact same method he used when he conquerred Westeros but instead his dragons were the size that Dany's dragons currently were he would have still won?  No fuckin way so this whole "if Aegon can take Westeros with just Dragons then Dany can do the same" idea is complete utter nonsense because her dragons are not nearly as powerful of a weapon as Aegon and his sister's were yet.  If Dany wants to wait until her dragons grow that big and then attack Westeros then yes she wouldn't need Ser Barristan, but as of right now in the tv series when she bitches him out and threatens to part ways with him there's no way in hell she'd do shit in Westeros without Ser Barristan's help, because her dragons are still at the size where they wouldn't be the biggest factor in the outcome of a large Westeros battle, so she would still need to take the throne the way Robert Baratheon took it.  Tywin Lannister would put her and her dragon's heads on spikes.  Most ppl in Essos don't give a fuck about Dany they just want her dragons and if she didn't have Ser Jorah or Ser Barristan with her protecing/advising her she would have already been dead a long time ago...
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 16 April 2013 - 03:27 PM.
900	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Also LOL Dany owes Barristan NOTHINGwait, didn't he, like, save her life or something?
901	Hand of the Kingslayer	2013-04-16	Not sure if this has been mentioned yet, but it's quite long thread. 
So Mel leaves Dragonstone. Where is she going?
Well from what we know from the earlier trailers for season 3, it's seems there is a point where she meets up with Thoros and the Brotherhood. They never meet up in books, but red priest/priestess, maybe in this world, Mel and Thoros are old pals. 
or:
Maybe this world contains no Edric Storm. There was no siege at storm's end, and he's not going to just pop up at Dragonstone unexplained. Mel still needs king's blood. Stannis is too weak. Joffery had all of Robert's bastards killed, so who else has it? As far as we know, there is only one of Robert's bastards who is still alive. I wonder who he's rolling with these days.......
902	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Mel meets up with Thoros only to find Davos miraculously escaped, was there already and has sent Gendry away on a horse that is out of reach at the time of Mel's arriving...
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 02:16 PM.
903	JMJ	2013-04-16	(snip)Also LOL Dany owes Barristan NOTHING, and she'd EASILY win Westeros without him. She has three dragons; one knight isn't going to make a difference. So maybe you should think a little bit harder before you post anything about Daenerys in future.One point I'd differ on this is that Barristan currently is the only personal link Dany has to Westeros that would allow Dany to convince folks back in Westeros that she is legit. Jorah is seen as shamed and a slaver. Some houses may automatically bend the knee to House Targaryen again once Dany arrives, but there are likely a fair number for whom Barristan's word and approval would be a meaningful endorsement. Not only is he still respected by much of the Kingdom as one of the greatest knights and KG's to have lived, but he served House Baratheon loyally, so he has the unique perspective only a few have of having been in both the Usurper's and Targ's camps.ETA: This may be the key difference in Dany being perceived as a foreign invader with dragons who happens to be a Targ vs. someone people can get behind.
					
					
							Edited by Jam Maester Jay, 16 April 2013 - 02:44 PM.
904	mafalda	2013-04-16	Not sure if this has been mentioned yet, but it's quite long thread.So Mel leaves Dragonstone. Where is she going?Well from what we know from the earlier trailers for season 3, it's seems there is a point where she meets up with Thoros and the Brotherhood. They never meet up in books, but red priest/priestess, maybe in this world, Mel and Thoros are old pals.or:Maybe this world contains no Edric Storm. There was no siege at storm's end, and he's not going to just pop up at Dragonstone unexplained. Mel still needs king's blood. Stannis is too weak. Joffery had all of Robert's bastards killed, so who else has it? As far as we know, there is only one of Robert's bastards who is still alive. I wonder who he's rolling with these days.......Yes, the previews show her meeting up with Thoros.. I believe they are substituting Edric for Gendry, because remember he is King Robert's bastard child so he does have a King's Blood in him. The same king as Edric.
905	Janicia	2013-04-16	DID NOT LIKE:It makes NO SENSE why they changed Edmure's blunder from Tywin to the Mountain....like...what?!?!? Especially for non-book readers, this would have explained in 2 sentences how Tywin+Tyrells were able to show up last minute at the Battle of the Blackwater and turn the tides to victory. ALSO, this shows how close Stannis was to actually being on the Iron Throne, and how huge of a blunder this was. For the show runners to change it....is just senseless. I mean literally all they did was change Tywin to Mountain and fords to mill and blackwater to now i have a mill.Things like this just piss me off so much.This was just goofy in the book though.  Robb depended on Edmure's actions in a complicated battle strategy, but gave vague, incomplete instructions to him for no reason.  And then flipped out when it turned out that Edmure didn't understand his role.  That whole sequence reflected really badly on Robb and made you wonder how much of his success was down to dumb luck.  But it seems like Robb was generally pretty competent with his battling, so that didn't really make sense. Reducing the scale of the incident from "keeping Tywin's whole army out of position" to "killing off the mountain" makes Robb's errors in communication more understandable.  On the other hand, Tywin for some reason neglects to communicate much with Kings Landing for unknown reasons, leading them to think they wouldn't get his backup.  That was is an odd plot contrivance.
906	boojam	2013-04-16	One point I'd differ on this is that Barristan currently is the only personal link Dany has to Westeros that would allow Dany to convince folks back in Westeros that she is legit. Jorah is seen as shamed and a slaver. Some houses may automatically bend the knee to House Targaryen again once Dany arrives, but there are likely a fair number for whom Barristan's word and approval would be a meaningful endorsement. Not only is he still respected by much of the Kingdom as one of the greatest knights and KG's to have lived, but he served House Baratheon loyally, so he has the unique perspective only a few have of having been in both the Usurper's and Targ's camps.ETA: This may be the key difference in Dany being perceived as a foreign invader with dragons who happens to be a Targ vs. someone people can get behind.Well one might think there would be a lot of Westerosi who know Dany is legit. If knifes were sent to kill her and her brother for many years then those who sent them would know. Then there is the assertion in the books that there is a silent minority (majority?) who would welcome back a Targ.I have the crazy notion that Varys knows who Dany is and where she is and she important to some mysterious story we know nothing about.Tho I always thought it odd. The seven kingdoms were unified by conquest and force. But apparently there were good Targ rulers so maybe people yearn for that? The big fly in the ointment is this what-ever-the-hell the Winter-Ohters  want?GRRM keeps intimating they are going to come on stage in a BIG WAY , while we readers and viewers fiddle-faddle around about the fight for the Iron throne.My impression is fans are only interested in events in Westeros, with a fair following for things in the East.My hunch is that Winds of Winter means what it implies and it's gonna be West and East (and maybe that goofy Red God) vs the Sauron of the North!We shall see.
907	Conchobar	2013-04-16	I just spotted my friend in the episode yesterday after watching it a second time! I freaked out! Me and a few other mates are trying to get in this year, he advised us to grow our hair long like him and grow beards. He said he's in the next episode as well, can't wait! xD[IMG]http://i1028.photobucket.com/albums/y343/Cerque-/boyce-001_zps0a6f35d1.jpg[/IMG]
908	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-04-16	Where is Vargo Hoat's lisp?
And, I know it's futile to compare the events in the book to the show, but it's addictive to do so.  So, I just want to know a couple of things. 
In the book, Reek pretends Theon's sister sent him, but that is a ruse for Ramsey to chase him down, right? Like in the show, only the event happens in ADWD not in ASOS.  yeah?  or am I completely off?
Another thing, The horses heads in a spiral in the snow that Jon & the wildlings find, was that in the book?
909	JMJ	2013-04-16	Well one might think there would be a lot of Westerosi who know Dany is legit. If knifes were sent to kill her and her brother for many years then those who sent them would know.Then there is the assertion in the books that there is a silent minority (majority?) who would welcome back a Targ.I have the crazy notion that Varys knows who Dany is and where she is and she important to some mysterious story we know nothing about.Tho I always thought it odd. The seven kingdoms were unified by conquest and force.But apparently there were good Targ rulers so maybe people yearn for that?The big fly in the ointment is this what-ever-the-hell the Winter-Ohters  want?GRRM keeps intimating they are going to come on stage in a BIG WAY , while we readers and viewers fiddle-faddle around about the fight for the Iron throne.My impression is fans are only interested in events in Westeros, with a fair following for things in the East.My hunch is that Winds of Winter means what it implies and it's gonna be West and East (and maybe that goofy Red God) vs the Sauron of the North!We shall see.Possible. I've always thought that the claim that a bunch of Westerosi, especially smallfolk, would just up and support Dany is wishful thinking on her (and Viserys') part. It goes back to Varys' riddle. People won't just blindly follow you just because you believe you are the "rightful heir."I do agree though that after Dany lands, her plans will change due to the Others invading.
910	ohpooratlas	2013-04-16	I did not see anything Barristan said as being out of character.  At all.I don't care how well trained he was at keeping his mouth shut around Aerys (and I think that might have had something to do with the fact that Aerys was utterly insane) ... Dany has given life to three dragons and the world has not seen dragons for over a century.  His reaction to her giving up one of her dragons so casually seems perfectly normal giving the context of the situation.The only person I thought acted completely and totally out of character was Stanis.  And that's not even just from the books.
911	Harrad	2013-04-16	Yes, the previews show her meeting up with Thoros.. I believe they are substituting Edric for Gendry, because remember he is King Robert's bastard child so he does have a King's Blood in him. The same king as Edric.If true as I read in other places, say goodbye to Gendry.
912	Lily Valley	2013-04-16	The Hold Steady, should be available by the end of the week (4/20)http://winteriscomin...n-fair-to-life/The Hold Steady, of course.  So awesome.  They just keep making me happy!
913	Pretty Meris	2013-04-16	Really, really awesome  episode, there is not much more I could say that has not already been said. 
One aesthetic thing however, I absolutely loved the Tully fishscale armor!
914	FattyPeon	2013-04-16	Ser Barristan sided with Ned, against his king, on the matter of assassinating Dany. He doesn't just sit there quietly when he needs to say something, especially when part of his implied role is counsel.
915	teemo	2013-04-16	The good:Jorah/Barristan interactions.  I felt like I was reading the books.  The tension between them is perfect.Everything with Dany pretty much.  Leaving a cliffhanger like the books in having people think she's actually going to go through with giving away Drogon is great.Jaime and Brienne dialogue and chemistry is spot-onBeautiful Tully funeral I think Edmure and the Blackwish are well castTheon out of the torture room and into the wild"You little bastard" line is just PERFECT. And Iwan Rheon is PERFECT!Deftly setting a lot of plans in motion all at once at the small councilI really like Hivju as TormundThe Blackfish talking about fighting with HosterIron Bank and Meereeneese Knot nodNo ShaeJorah's famous line about Rhaegar, gave me chillsThe Bad (some is really nitpicky):Stannis' character is destroyedVan Houten isn't so great of an actress, at least as Melisandre.  Very weak in this scene.Whore scene was a waste of seven minutesThe scene with Arya was too shortDany was nicer to Missandei in the books (she was more like, "OMG hai. you're free now," not "you are mine now. and you're prolly gonna get killed)Robb laughing at Hoster's funeral.  Um, what?The White Walkers and their artNo Vargo Hoat ;( I understand why, it makes sense, but it's still sad.I don't like the rock 'Bear and the Maiden Fair'The one minute chair dragging scene.  Stupid.Talisa talksLittlefinger did more than just borrow money.
916	Forgottenire	2013-04-16	Was Missandei not weirded out that Dany understood what Valar morghulis meant?Dany had stayed in Bravvos when she was in the house with the red door. Book One. Her first chapter.
917	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Valar morghulis is probably a common phrase. Plus why would she say something to Dany if she didn't think she'd understand what on earth she was talking about?
918	Dragon Doll	2013-04-16	Even if it did confuse Missandei, she's cleaver, she knows not to show it.
I do recall she was a little startled when she heard Dany speak High Valyrian (in the book, but she was just a kid in the book).
Slaves don't question their masters.
919	boojam	2013-04-16	Dany had stayed in Bravvos when she was in the house with the red door. Book One. Her first chapter.It's straight from the book, well except for a zinger.Missandei has been speaking to Dany and says Valar Morghulis, and Dany replies with the standard response Valar Dohaeris, except Dany says in in the common tongue, or at least George writes it that way. So Dany is asking Missandei what her name is. Missandei says O! Because she realizes Dany is speaking in High Valyrian.(Well one would have suspected that a Valyrian could speak High Valyrian, tho she probably learned Low Valyrian in Braavos first, I don't know she might have learned HV first.)George makes it explicit in the book that Dany and Missandei have a conversation in High Valyrian (not Low Valyrian). It's hard to tell from the passage how much HV is spoken.The show has taken the tact that Dany apparently does not speak Low Valyrian , tho by the visual clues, as several people have pointed out it is evident.We lost a plot element George had used, but seems they will make up for it next week.D and D do some odd things with the prose narrative, but it should work out.The response Dany gives in the show is "All men must serve." "But we are not men."Dave and Dan are channeling Tolkien.
920	boojam	2013-04-16	Yes Drogon was almost killed in the slave pit, and even though Drogon did indeed leave with Dany the dragon's intial reason for being there wasn't to take her away, it was to hunt because Drogon smelled blood and death from the fighting in the pits, it wasn't even aware of Dany's presence initially.  It wasn't until after Dany ran into the pit and made herself known to/attepmted to tame Drogon that they then left together.It was pretty clear to me when the pit attendant stabbed Drogon with a spear, fire pouring out, it was more like a nick.Dany pulls the spear out when shes on Drogon.*A lot of argument of just how big Drogon is, George gives a wingspan, but no other dimensions. There have been arguments , round this site,  that Drogon is as big as a large horse or as big as and elephant.Anyway GRRM makes it clear that a grown dragon is very hard to kill, tho it can be done. Lot of Dragon lore GRRM has never explicitly explained. One second they seem vulnerable the next second could not kill em with an H bomb.George is just that way.*By the by what was that stupid pit attendant thinking?!"O a big dragon just landing right by me, I'm gonna go stab him!"Well guess they don't hire the smartest pit attendants!
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2013 - 10:43 PM.
921	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	It was pretty clear to me when the pit attendant stabbed Drogon with a spear, fire pouring out, it was more like a nick.Dany pulls the spear out when shes on Drogon.*A lot of argument of just how big Drogon is, George gives a wingspan, but no other dimensions. There have been arguments , round this site,  that Drogon is as big as a large horse or as big as and elephant.Anyway GRRM makes it clear that a grown dragon is very hard to kill, tho it can be done. Lot of Dragon lore GRRM has never explicitly explained. One second they seem vulnerable the next second could not kill em with an H bomb.George is just that way.*By the by what was that stupid pit attendant thinking?!"O a big dragon just landing right by me, I'm gonna go stab him!"Well guess they don't hire the smartest pit attendants!Nothing anybody on Essos does is smart. They have soldiers fighting on stilts of all things.
922	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-16	It was pretty clear to me when the pit attendant stabbed Drogon with a spear, fire pouring out, it was more like a nick.Dany pulls the spear out when shes on Drogon.*A lot of argument of just how big Drogon is, George gives a wingspan, but no other dimensions. There have been arguments , round this site,  that Drogon is as big as a large horse or as big as and elephant.Anyway GRRM makes it clear that a grown dragon is very hard to kill, tho it can be done.Lot of Dragon lore GRRM has never explicitly explained.One second they seem vulnerable the next second could not kill em with an H bomb.George is just that way.*By the by what was that stupid pit attendant thinking?!"O a big dragon just landing right by me, I'm gonna go stab him!"Well guess they don't hire the smartest pit attendants!It wasn't just fire it was fire and blood pouring out thus the reason why Dany says "fire made flesh" when she observes Drogon's wounds.  If you look up Drogon on http://awoiaf.wester...ndex.php/Drogon it describes the scene as, "An animal handler named Harghaz attacked Drogon with a long spear and came close to slaying Drogon."  Now obviously I know wiki isn't 100% concrete in terms of what GRRM has actually said but they get the vast majority of things right and the scene obviously left an impression to some that Drogons life was most definitely in danger.  Immediatly after Harghaz stabs his spear into Drogon's neck Dany calls out, "NO!" suggesting that she was fearful for Drogon's well being and then right after she screams no Ser barristan tells her to, "Look away."  As if he didn't want her to watch what was going to happen to Drogon, so it seems even Ser Barristan thought Drogon might die.  So I mean that spear blow to the neck obviously left a pretty serious impression.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 17 April 2013 - 12:13 AM.
923	boojam	2013-04-16	It wasn't just fire it was fire and blood pouring out thus the reason why Dany says "fire made flesh" when she observes Drogon's wounds.  If you look up Drogon on http://awoiaf.wester...ndex.php/Drogon it describes the scene as, "An animal handler named Harghaz attacked Drogon with a long spear and came close to slaying Drogon."  Now obviously I know wiki isn't 100% concrete in terms of what GRRM has actually said but they get most things right and the scene obviously left an impression to some that Drogons life was most definitely in danger.  Immediatly after Harghaz stabs his spear into Drogon's neck Dany calls out, "NO!" suggesting that she was fearful for Drogon's well being and then right after she screams no Ser barristan tells her to, "Look away."  As if he didn't want her to watch what was going to happen to Drogon, so it seems even Ser Barristan thought Drogon might die.  So I mean that spear blow to the neck obviously left a pretty serious impression.Well I just reread the passage, and there is black blood, GRRM makes clear Drogon gets hurt*, then he roasts all his attackers (why they tried that I don't know), Dany has some pretty close moments with Drogon, but she does get the spear out and mysteriously gets him into 'mount' position, GRRM must have been typing fast at that part because some details seem lost. Anyway Drogon takes off and is a away almost no worse for the ware.*But consider later Quentyn Martell attempt to steal  Viserion to his everlasting cripy-ness!Any way the guards in the anteroom where Viserion and Rhaegal are captive use when they escape , one would suspect industrial strength cross bows,  on them, the quarrels just bounce off. Now one would think you could put more momentum and energy into a quarrel than a spear? So maybe Drogon in the pit encounter was maybe still not mature enough, cause through out the books GRRM makes it clear that a more grown up Drogon would have felt the spear as a chigger bite!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2013 - 11:52 PM.
924	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-17	Well I just reread the passage, and there is black blood, GRRM makes clear Drogon gets hurt*, then he roasts all his attackers (why they tried that I don't know), Dany has some pretty close moments with Drogon, but she does get the spear out and mysteriously gets him into 'mount' position, GRRM must have been typing fast at that part because some details seem lost. Anyway Drogon takes off and is a away almost no worse for the ware.*But consider later Quentyn Martell attempt to steal  Viserion to his everlasting cripy-ness!Any way the guards in the anteroom where Viserion and Rhaegal are captive use when they escape , one would suspect industrial strength cross bows,  on them, the quarrels just bounce off. Now one would think you could put more momentum and energy into a quarrel than a spear?So maybe Drogon in the pit encounter was maybe still not mature enough, cause through out the books GRRM makes it clear that a more grown up Drogon would have felt the spear as a chigger bite!Haha ya I totally agree, infact the whole point I was trying to make is that Drogon is most definitely not fully grown yet, compared to Aegon l's Balerion the dread who Drogon is said to be the reincarnation of.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 17 April 2013 - 12:17 AM.
925	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Whore scene was a waste of seven minutesRobb laughing at Hoster's funeral.  Um, what?The White Walkers and their artTo be fair, the whore scene wasnt seven minutes long at all.I agree, there really trying to make Robb come off as a dick.Maybe D&D know something about the WW we dont?
926	Starklefire.	2013-04-17	I think, overall this episode was one of the best in the TV show, and I actually think that this is probably the closest the show has ever gotten to the books in terms of plot development.
Edmure and Brynden are setup well I think (you have no idea how excited I was to see Riverrun on the credits too) I've heard people complaining that Brynden is too mean and Edmure is too inadequate, but for time's sake It was done well, and I really enjoyed the funeral scene. I think Edmure will be lightened as a character, either by him doing something that doesn't cause problems, or by Cat ensuring Robb that Edmure has a kind heart.
I was also very impressed at how accurate they were with Edmure's failure to just hold Riverrun, they explained what he'd done wrong in less than 4 minutes, and it made sense. The mountain would still be a high value target and killing him would increase morale, so I can understand why Robb would be furious, especially since he lost 208 fighting men to hold a stone mill. Another nice touch was introducing the Lannister hostages, so methinky they're going to be keeping Karstark's betrayal.
The Pod Scene, whilst uneccessary for the major plot points, does provide a lighthearted feel to the episode to juxtapose the dramatic side of things, which seemed to be a major theme for the episode here. And I actually think it helped attach to the character more, since Bronn, Tyrion and Pod are all going to be heavily featured in King's Landing, and it helped establish a "buddy" feel to their relationship. Also, props for the Mereenese knot joke.
I enjoyed Daenerys' scene quite a bit, especially the "Rhaegar fought valiently, Rhaegar fought nobly, and Rhaegar died" line. Changing the plaza of punishment to the walk of punishment doesn't bother me in the slightest, and I think they captured the negotiation fairly well, if a bit too quickly. But they kept the same tone from the books, especially Dany's anger at Barristan and Jorah questioning them, and I like the hint that she understood the bastardised Valyrian Kraznys was speaking. 
I have to say though, I'm not impressed with the casting choice for Missandei, she just doesn't feel right to me, her acting seems a bit flat.
Ah, the glorious Theon scenes, I've seen a lot of complaints about these, but I'm happy that they're going in this direction rather than removing Alfie for two years and dropping him back in again, I think it'll be interesting to see how the mind games between Ramsay and Theon play out, since we already know that Ramsay pretended to be friendly, and build up a kind of Stockholme syndrome relationship with Theon, making him believe that whatever Ramsay did to Theon, he did because Theon had made him do it by "misbehaving". So I think they're doing that well. The actor hasn't had a chance to come into his own yet, and I definitely think that he can play a sadist like Ramsay, but he doesn't look too menacing, and maybe how they first introduced him (as a broomsweep) might end up reducing the impact of this character being sinister.  (Loved the forshadowing though "You little bastard")
Jon's scene, so far i'm liking them, as slow as they're going. I'm still not seeing Ciaran Hinds as being my Mance Rayder though, he looks like he's had a stroke, he's far too blunt and his jaw looks too square cut, i'm loving Tormund though, and I think sending him to the Wall with Jon will be a good time to build up their bonding relationship. (We'll know when he makes a joke about his manhood and says HAR! That they did a good job) I also like what they're doing with the White Walkers, adding the Artist element to make them seem more Alien to us.
The small council chamber made me laugh out loud, just the facial expressions of Cersei, Varys and Tyrion made it worth it. It kinda shows that Tywin's kids are reduced to just that, kids, in his presence.
Arya's scenes might be some of my favourite in the series, Thoros does a brilliant job and has a sort of Jack Sparrow feel to him, and the goodbye between Arya and Hotpie was done well and made me laugh a fair bit, especially Gendry's "Yes..it is". I also love Anguy's banter with the Hound.
As for Locke and his merry men (who are brilliant singers it would seem) I think I might prefer those to the Bloody Mummers, Vargo was a pretty uneccessary character, and we already know that the story is going to the same place (Locke will take Jaime sans hand to Roose at Harrenhal, where Qyburn will take care of his wound, and Roose will meet with Jaime and that whole business will go down, setting the scene for the RW) It was a nice touch to keep the Sapphires line in, and I think that Locke has more reasoning than Vargo to cut Jaime's hand off, since it's perfectly reasonable for him to believe Jaime is going to be beheaded, so it makes no difference that he has 1 hand or 2, it was just a way to show Jaime that he wasn't fucking around. Nicolaj did a brilliant job with that scene too, especially the scream, at first the realization, then the pain kicking in. 
And of course, that ending. I didn't like the song (it wasn't done very well if you ask me) but again I did like the sudden change in tone between Jaime's loss and the upbeat Bear and the Maiden fair.
So far, my only concern Is Stannis' storyline, i'm a Stannis fan, and imagine my surprise to see him grovelling on the beach to Melisandre about how he needs some lovin' I also didn't like him bringing up Renly like he did, at this point in the story he's meant to be Grieving for Renly, not getting angry with him. Stannis isn't needy like that. It's such a shame too, I love Steven Dillane's portrayal of Stannis, and this is more a writing issue than anything else.
 Overall, brilliant episode.
927	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	To be fair, the whore scene wasnt seven minutes long at all.I agree, there really trying to make Robb come off as a dick.Maybe D&D know something about the WW we dont?In fact, the part with the actual whores was only a little over a minute and a half! Yes I timed it, because of all the people complaining.Also, it doesn't look like he laughs, he just makes a frustrated exhale and smiles while he does it.  It's definitely not a "laugh."  More like "oof."
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 17 April 2013 - 02:45 AM.
928	Currawong	2013-04-17	I think, overall this episode was one of the best in the TV show, and I actually think that this is probably the closest the show has ever gotten to the books in terms of plot development....Overall, brilliant episode. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Very well said on so many matters.  I wish they still had the 'Like' button  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
929	kephv	2013-04-17	No, she didn't.yep, youre right again. she just says dracarys.I can't see why though. And it makes little sense that a mother would forget to name her children. She's still referring to them as the big one or the black one. Just find it weird since Viserys made a point to spout off all the past dragon names in the first season.Makes me wonder if they're leaving them out entirely because they didn't like them.
930	Dove	2013-04-17	Between Thoros and Anguy the Brotherhood Without Banners are crazy charismatic and likeable so far, so Robin Hood it hurts. They're one of my favorite things about the season. I'm sure things will get more glum once The Boss comes into the picture but in the meantime, they're just so much fun.
931	Peptalk	2013-04-17	Loved this episode! Everything about it, basically. I did think Stannis' desperation was suitable considering his position after the failed attack on King's Landing, but just a little over the top.I also did feel that the punk rendition of The Bear and the Maiden Fair was unsuitable - but that's just because I read the books and truly pity Jaime here. I would have preferred a grim ending that allowed me to feel sorry for him, but the song ruined the moment for me. It probably worked better for the non-reader viewers who at this point probably cheers because he lost his swordhand.I really look forward to next week's episode.
932	I do not sew	2013-04-17	Between Thoros and Anguy the Brotherhood Without Banners are crazy charismatic and likeable so far, so Robin Hood it hurts. They're one of my favorite things about the season. I'm sure things will get more glum once The Boss comes into the picture but in the meantime, they're just so much fun.Definitely my favorite thing this season. Merging Thoros and Tom/Sevens was a great touch. Am I the only one who thinks Ramsay saving Theon from being raped was a bit out of character? Seems Ramsay would have let him get raped just a TAD before saving him...
933	JMJ	2013-04-17	Definitely my favorite thing this season. Merging Thoros and Tom/Sevens was a great touch. Am I the only one who thinks Ramsay saving Theon from being raped was a bit out of character? Seems Ramsay would have let him get raped just a TAD before saving him...Agree the BWB have been good so far. Small nitpick, though: Thoros just sounds like another Brit, ie., Westerosi. I was expecting something different for someone from Myr. Non-book readers willbe blown away when he revives Beric, as the show has given no hint that Thoros knows magic.
934	I do not sew	2013-04-17	Agree the BWB have been good so far. Small nitpick, though: Thoros just sounds like another Brit, ie., Westerosi. I was expecting something different for someone from Myr. Non-book readers willbe blown away when he revives Beric, as the show has given no hint that Thoros knows magic.Well he has been living in Westeros for decades...? /excuse
935	Harrad	2013-04-17	Its all good...except...I'm disappointed that all the big events occur off-screen. They need to up their CGI budget in the Batlle of Blackwater mode...maybe use a bit of the renderman LOTR software to get some scope to the events. It seems a bit claustrophobic. For example, the huge White Walker army at the end of Season 2. From what we can see, most of the NW are walking casually back to Wall. Seems to me that battle could have been "easily" CGI-ed. Not too hopeful of any future scope to the visuals.
936	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Its all good...except...I'm disappointed that all the big events occur off-screen. They need to up their CGI budget in the Batlle of Blackwater mode...maybe use a bit of the renderman LOTR software to get some scope to the events. It seems a bit claustrophobic. For example, the huge White Walker army at the end of Season 2. From what we can see, most of the NW are walking casually back to Wall. Seems to me that battle could have been "easily" CGI-ed. Not too hopeful of any future scope to the visuals.They dont have nearly enough budget. CGI is ridiculously expensive, and the show is already the most expensive on TV. The battle at the fist couldn't have easily been done without cutting portions from the rest of the series. Which is not to say that they couldn't have done something better, maybe shown a couple of Nightwatchmen being slaughtered. I think the claustrophobic battle sequences is actually something that reflects the book, as we only see battles from certain characters POV, from the point of view of soldiers on the ground, making it a more visceral experience.
937	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Also LOL Dany owes Barristan NOTHING, and she'd EASILY win Westeros without him. She has three dragons; one knight isn't going to make a difference. So maybe you should think a little bit harder before you post anything about Daenerys in future.That would have been pretty difficult if she was dead.
938	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	That would have been pretty difficult if she was dead.Is there a reason Jorah (or one of her other bloodriders) couldn't have saved her? The only reason he didn't in the show was because Barristan distracted him and then beat him to it.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 17 April 2013 - 01:02 PM.
939	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Is there a reason Jorah (or one of her other bloodriders) couldn't have saved her? The only reason he didn't in the show was because Barristan distracted him and then beat him to it.I thought you were talking about in the books, but i think it applies to the show as well.Would the ball have been knocked from her hand if Barristan hadn't intervened? No. Therefore, he saved her life.
940	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	I thought you were talking about in the books, but i think it applies to the show as well.Would the ball have been knocked from her hand if Barristan hadn't intervened? No. Therefore, he saved her life.He saved her life. But she has other bloodriders who could to that too.
941	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	He saved her life. But she has other bloodriders who could to that too.The bloodriders could do that, but they havent. Barristan actually saved Daenarys's life, therefore, she owes Barristan. If he did in fact save her life, I don't understand how you can argue that Daenarys doesnt owe Barristan anything.
942	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-17	Really? Blaming HBO for the amount of sex in the series? I believe the books had a lot more sex than the show has. Did you skip those parts of the books or were they censored when you read them?I blame HBO for inventing sex scenes that did not occur in the books.
943	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-17	Haha ya I totally agree, infact the whole point I was trying to make is that Drogon is most definitely not fully grown yet, compared to Aegon l's Balerion the dread who Drogon is said to be the reincarnation of.Anyone know how long it took Balerion to reach physical maturity?  Years?  Decades?  Dany could be waiting a long time.  In terms of development, ADWD-Drogon could still be a young adolescent.
944	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-17	Anyone know how long it took Balerion to reach physical maturity?  Years?  Decades?  Dany could be waiting a long time.  In terms of development, ADWD-Drogon could still be a young adolescent.Again that's my whole point in saying that ppl can't really say that if Aegon l took Weseros with his three dragon's then Dany can do it the same way he did it. Because Dany's dragons are not even in the same league as Aegon l and his sister's dragons in terms of physical development. Look I'm not saying they wouldn't be an extremely destructive force in Westeros, I'm just sayin to treat them as if they are exactly like Aegon l and his sister's dragons seems a bit absurd.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 17 April 2013 - 02:55 PM.
945	boojam	2013-04-17	Again that's my whole point in saying that ppl can't really say that if Aegon l took Weseros with his three dragon's then Dany can do it the same way he did it. Because Dany's dragons are not even in the same league as Aegon l and his sister's dragons in terms of physical development. Look I'm not saying they wouldn't be an extremely destructive force in Westeros, I'm just sayin to treat them as if they are exactly like Aegon l and his sister's dragons seems a bit absurd.It is a point George has never clarified. I think the only thing we know is , what George has said in the books, they grow fast, I think Jorah says something like that E1 this season. George has said if they are kept in captivity they won't grow much at all and turn out to be useless.Free ranging dragons apparently get as big as one could imagine, but GRRM has not defined 'fast'.Some debate about how big Drogon is at the end of ADWD, he can kill and eat a horse , at the end of another year would that be an elephant or a whale?
946	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-17	It is a point George has never clarified.I think the only thing we know is , what George has said in the books, they grow fast, I think Jorah says something like that E1 this season. George has said if they are kept in captivity they won't grow much at all and turn out to be useless.Free ranging dragons apparently get as big as one could imagine, but GRRM has not defined 'fast'.Some debate about how big Drogon is at the end of ADWD, he can kill and eat a horse , at the end of another year would that be an elephant or a whale?Well Balerion the Dread was born in Valyria and was one of the five dragons Aenar Targaryen brought with him when he fled Dragonstone, so it was well over a hundred years old when Aegon l began his conquest.  GRRM has said dragons grow throughout their lives until they die, so based on that I highly doubt Drogon will ever reach the size on Balerion at any point in the books unless GRRM does some sort of major time skip to the future at the end or something.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 17 April 2013 - 03:41 PM.
947	ShigellaSand	2013-04-17	Well Balerion the Dread was born in Valyria and was one of the five dragons Aenar Targaryen brought with him when he fled Dragonstone, so it was well over a hundred years old when Aegon l began his conquest.  GRRM has said dragons grow throughout their lives until they die, so based on that I highly doubt Drogon will ever reach the size on Balerion at any point in the books unless GRRM does some sort of major time skip to the future at the end or something.Assuming, of course, that there was space enough on Dragonstone for five dragons to roam free and eat as much as they wanted...
948	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-17	Assuming, of course, that there was space enough on Dragonstone for five dragons to roam free and eat as much as they wanted...I think living for well over a century makes up for the roaming free part, besides who's to say it had to roam free in Westeros as oppose to the other side of the narrow sea since Dragonstone wasn't even considered to be in Westeros at that point. Plus Aegon l used Balerion in battle before his conquest of Westeros in the war with Volantis after which he returned to Dragonstone, so obviously Balerion had some outdoor time.  Besides how much free time do you think Drogon is gonna get?
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 17 April 2013 - 04:14 PM.
949	boojam	2013-04-17	Well Balerion the Dread was born in Valyria and was one of the five dragons Aenar Targaryen brought with him when he fled Dragonstone, so it was well over a hundred years old when Aegon l began his conquest.  GRRM has said dragons grow throughout their lives until they die, so based on that I highly doubt Drogon will ever reach the size on Balerion at any point in the books unless GRRM does some sort of major time skip to the future at the end or something.Is that 'hundreds of years' info directly from the books?I can't find it on the Wiki.George finds hyperbole hard to resist, if a dragon lived for thousands of years even Martin physics on Martin World would make the damn thing bigger than the planet it lived on!I am just guessing , but George probably has in mind that there is some asymptotic size to a dragon , I mean it could be HUGE, but if to big might not even be able to get off the ground.Anyway I point out again, from the evidence GRRM has given us, it's only speculation on how fast free dragons grow.Blue Whales (the largest animal ever to exist on Earth) are almost fully grown at 1.5 years, an astonishing number!Blue Whales can be nearly 100 ft long and weigh 200 tons by 2 years and are fully mature at 5 years.At the rate GRRM is writing these novels these dragons might get very big! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
950	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-17	Is that 'hundreds of years' info directly from the books?I can't find it on the Wiki.George finds hyperbole hard to resist, if a dragon lived for thousands of years even Martin physics on Martin World would make the damn thing bigger than the planet it lived on!I am just guessing , but George probably has in mind that there is some asymptotic size to a dragon , I mean it could be HUGE, but if to big might not even be able to get off the ground.Anyway I point out again, from the evidence GRRM has given us, it's only speculation on how fast free dragons grow.Blue Whales (the largest animal ever to exist on Earth) are almost fully grown at 1.5 years, an astonishing number!Blue Whales can be nearly 100 ft long and weigh 200 tons by 2 years and are fully mature at 5 years.At the rate GRRM is writing these novels these dragons might get very big! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/BalerionAgain Balerian was born in Valyria and was brought to Dragonstone by Aenar.  Ageon began his conquest over a century after that, so you do the math lol...
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 17 April 2013 - 04:33 PM.
951	Dragon Doll	2013-04-17	The bloodriders could do that, but they havent. Barristan actually saved Daenarys's life, therefore, she owes Barristan. If he did in fact save her life, I don't understand how you can argue that Daenarys doesnt owe Barristan anything.Sure, in the book, possibly. But in the book it was a sorrowful man, not a little child-warlock.And in the show, her blood-riders are dead.As to Dany owing Baristan her life.... i don't think so. He was only doing it to gain her acceptance so he might have a chance to apologise for failing her family. He is loyal to her, as a member of her Queens guard, but saving her is his duty. Dany doesn't owe him anymore than any Queen owes her protectors.
952	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-17	Sure, in the book, possibly. But in the book it was a sorrowful man, not a little child-warlock.And in the show, her blood-riders are dead.As to Dany owing Baristan her life.... i don't think so. He was only doing it to gain her acceptance so he might have a chance to apologise for failing her family. He is loyal to her, as a member of her Queens guard, but saving her is his duty.Dany doesn't owe him anymore than any Queen owes her protectors.Yes but once again in the tv series her situation with Ser Barristan is much different than normal kings and queens have with Kg members.  Unlike all the other past king and queens that have come into their kingdom already having the resources to rule, or in Robert's case multiple regions and bannermen in the realm to lean on while to try to take the throne, Dany does not.  She's starting from nothing in a foreign land and the only people she has right now are ser Jorah, Ser Barristan and a few Dothraki remnants and of course her three pup dragons.  Ser Barristian is with her at a time where she has no other real support whatsoever,  so her situation is much different than any other past king or queen of Westeros.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 17 April 2013 - 07:13 PM.
953	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	Jorah was too busy checking out dat ass to be of any use rescuing her. Barristan has no such inclinations.
954	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-17	Jorah was too busy checking out dat ass to be of any use rescuing her. Barristan has no such inclinations.Aint that the truth though lol.
955	KARMAgrinder	2013-04-17	The small council scene was the best part of episode 3. Tyrion is the man.
956	MMOWarrior	2013-04-17	Valar morghulis is probably a common phrase. Plus why would she say something to Dany if she didn't think she'd understand what on earth she was talking about?It was very subtle, but she did give a little smile..  Perfectly played...
957	boojam	2013-04-18	I thought you were talking about in the books, but i think it applies to the show as well.Would the ball have been knocked from her hand if Barristan hadn't intervened? No. Therefore, he saved her life.I took it to be that , as in the books, when Jorah is dismissed, Barristan becomes her main advisor, and he's still there by the end of ADwD.Setting up Jorah to frog march Tyrion to Meereen.By the by Barristan saves Dany's life yet again , but I don't know if they are going to use that.(By the by on the show I have not seen one of her Blood Riders with her at all. There were three that seemed to accompany her in Astapor all the time in the books , tho they seem to hang in the background.)
958	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	As to Dany owing Baristan her life.... i don't think so. He was only doing it to gain her acceptance so he might have a chance to apologise for failing her family. He is loyal to her, as a member of her Queens guard, but saving her is his duty.Dany doesn't owe him anymore than any Queen owes her protectors.Well if she was dead he would hardly have had the opportunity to gain her trust.Doesnt change the fact that he saved her life, before he was her protector even, in the show and the books. And again later on, from Mero in the books (though at this point it was his job)
959	redriver	2013-04-18	Has anyone figured out why Burn Gorman was wandering round Craster's Crib?Is he Coldhands?
960	The BlackBear	2013-04-18	Has anyone figured out why Burn Gorman was wandering round Craster's Crib?Is he Coldhands?They need a figurehead for the mutiny I'd assume. Someone who can be nasty enough to murder Mormont. He can do it.
961	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-18	Has anyone figured out why Burn Gorman was wandering round Craster's Crib?Is he Coldhands? My jaw dropped when I saw Gazza!! yea I think he's the man who's gonna stick it to Craster
962	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-18	I now think even less of Stannis after that weird scene with Mel. I'm not one for complaining, but that was just plain character assasination IMHO.
I also disliked how they treated Edmure at Hoster's funeral, the whole shoving him out of the way was unnecessary there are other ways to show how badass BF is.
The Pod/whores scene was weird on many levels. It was just a blatant boob fest on the shows part. Merely feeding critics of the show more ammo IMO.
Why do we see so little of Jon /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
I loved the final scene!(with the exception of Brienne not seeing/hearing Jaimie save her butt). Still bummed that there's not Vargo Hoat though.
All in all good episode, glad that the pace is finally picking up.
					
					
							Edited by Grand Maester Mithrandir, 18 April 2013 - 04:48 AM.
963	redriver	2013-04-18	My jaw dropped when I saw Gazza!! yea I think he's the man who's gonna stick it to CrasterI thought they dragged Rast back for that.Gorman is too big a name and too good an actor for a bit part like that.But,he's wandering around like he belongs and no one is questioning his presence,so yes it looks like he's the Craster killer,not Coldhands.Odd,though.
964	Maxthestig	2013-04-18	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ml5Xre-MuwwHere is what I think of the episode. I review each one.Is anyone else just wanting them to reveal Ramsay! I think they are dragging that out a bit now. I want to see Iwan as Ramsay, not the boy.I think it is better to watch the series without reading the books. This is the first series i have gone into knowing what happens. It;s not as good.STOP READING haha
965	redriver	2013-04-18	Well,it's too late now.I've read them all twenty times.I can't unread them,nor squeeze milk back up a cow's udder.And no,the Ramsay reveal will happen,and be more devastating for the viewer,when the time is ripe.
966	timstanton	2013-04-18	We are telling the same thing. Sorry my English is poor so i can't explain myself. I'm saying that Barristan should have never question Dany in front of the strangers. This is out of character. He has been in hunderds of meetings and he must have learned not to question your king/queen in front of the strangers.i agree with both of you. however, i think the questioning is more to emphasize that these are DRAGONS. he knows that she isnt technically queen of anything right now, if she gives away her dragons, she never will be. i think he questions her more in the books later on, but never in public or without her first asking for counsil. i dont think he fears her in the same way he feared aerys either. also, we remember that once he was given his "retirement," he said whatever he wanted to the king, so to me he comes across as an outspoken dude. its the same thing ive always said about dany...you get what you pay for...
					
					
							Edited by timstanton, 18 April 2013 - 11:23 AM.
967	Peptalk	2013-04-18	I think it would be a waste to reveal that Boy is Ramsay already. It will obviously be much more of a shocker for the viewers if he is planted as a decent guy, helping Theon, showing up at just the right time after Theon over and over again has been beaten, hurt and mistreated - only to one day twist the knife and turn the heat up, showing what a sadistic, wicked man he actually is. It will have a larger emotional impact if he looks like the perfect angel with a halo that turns out to be the devil in disguise. Personally, I enjoy watching the game. We didn't get it in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Peptalk, 18 April 2013 - 01:37 PM.
968	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-18	I think it would be a waste to reveal that Boy is Ramsay already. It will obviously be much more of a shocker for the viewers if he is planted as a decent guy, helping Theon, showing up at just the right time after Theon over and over again has been beaten, hurt and mistreated - only to one day twist the knife and turn the heat up, showing what a sadistic, wicked man he actually is. It will have a larger emotional impact if he looks like the perfect angel with a halo that turns out to be the devil in disguise. Personally, I enjoy watching the game. We didn't get it in the books.umm you might wanna check out preview for episode 4! ramsay is taking theon to Moat Callin to draw out remaining ironborn. then he will flip the switch. maybe not episode 4 but def by 5. also helps add name Theon TurnCloak before he becomes ReekWell,it's too late now.I've read them all twenty times.I can't unread them,nor squeeze milk back up a cow's udder.And no,the Ramsay reveal will happen,and be more devastating for the viewer,when the time is ripe.sup busy bee. see any major rewrites coming to season 3? like you i have read the book so many times that i am getting VERY impatient waiting for the winds of winter so i would rather see the show really put their own "twist" on this season (SoS) to surprise me.i just don't get why season 3 won't end SoS. yes its got some important parts towards end but making season 4 again about SoS seems boring to me. then on top of that GRRM/D&D say they want to incorporate 4&5 into 4! too much i say, cut/edit SoS to make it work for season 3 then start anew with AFFC/DoD with season 4.yea we gotta have stannis,jon,mel parts from SoS in season 4 but danny will need to be in meereen & i would like to see tyrion/arya in essos as well. also besides the trial of tyrion in kl most of the characters story arc's will need to be from AFFC & ADoD
969	JMJ	2013-04-18	umm you might wanna check out preview for episode 4! ramsay is taking theon to Moat Callin to draw out remaining ironborn. then he will flip the switch. maybe not episode 4 but def by 5. also helps add name Theon TurnCloak before he becomes Reek(snip)Well, if that turns out to be the case, that would be a major departure from the books! So, you're saying Theon does the Moat Cailin thing before he calls himself Reek and before Ramsay reveals himself to Reek? Wow.
970	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	Well, if that turns out to be the case, that would be a major departure from the books! So, you're saying Theon does the Moat Cailin thing before he calls himself Reek and before Ramsay reveals himself to Reek? Wow.There's no way this is happening. Ran would have definitely mentioned it by now. The preview has Ramsay saying that his sisters men are in the castle, but that might just be motivation to get Theon back to the dungeon.
971	JMJ	2013-04-18	There's no way this is happening. Ran would have definitely mentioned it by now. The preview has Ramsay saying that his sisters men are in the castle, but that might just be motivation to get Theon back to the dungeon.I would favor this interpretation. Introducing the Moat Cailin scene this early would be just too major a departure from the books, and to no apparent end.
972	Dove	2013-04-18	Agreed, including it this early would be a misstep imo and would make Theon seem like an even bigger idiot/turncloak/more unsympathetic. God knows he doesn't need help with that with most viewers /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
973	SilentSense	2013-04-18	He saved her life. But she has other bloodriders who could to that too. barristans value over replacement being 0 doesnt imply she doesn't owe him.
974	Maester Totoro	2013-04-18	I thought they dragged Rast back for that.Gorman is too big a name and too good an actor for a bit part like that.But,he's wandering around like he belongs and no one is questioning his presence,so yes it looks like he's the Craster killer,not Coldhands.Odd,though.This is really odd indeed. It's extremely weird that they would bring a relatively "big name" just to die the next episode. And I really don't see how they could expand this role. He'll probably kill Mormont, survive, and get his end later in the season somehow.
975	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-18	I would favor this interpretation. Introducing the Moat Cailin scene this early would be just too major a departure from the books, and to no apparent end.follow me here... asha is at deepwood motte & sends a small force to take over calilin. she will be in this season just like she was last. in season 4 she will try her queensmoot while thinking theon is dead (but by end he becomes reek!) so theons first betrayal or signal into madness is to help ramsay unwittingly kill the one of the last ironborn forces. then by RW he is being totured & his skin placed in robbs or catelyns handsnext season we will get ramsay & reek back in winterfell im thinking while asha & other greyjoys get their shit together
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 18 April 2013 - 05:12 PM.
976	JMJ	2013-04-18	follow me here... asha is at deepwood motte & sends a small force to take over calilin. she will be in this season just like she was last. in season 4 she will try her queensmoot while thinking theon is dead (but by end he becomes reek!) so theons first betrayal or signal into madness is to help ramsay unwittingly kill the one of the last ironborn forces. then by RW he is being totured & his skin placed in robbs or catelyns handsnext season we will get ramsay & reek back in winterfell im thinking while asha & other greyjoys get their shit togetherThe problem I have with this scenario is that there's no mention at all in any of the Episode previews up through E08 about anyone from the Ironborn (except Theon, of course). I don't even know if they plan to bring up the Kingsmoot this season.
977	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-18	maybe the queensmoot will be next season with intro of Victorion & Euron with death of Balon. this season will have asha getting the f outta dodge & heading back to iron islands thinkin theon is dead. Theon Greyjoy is dead but what is dead yadda yadda  blah blah blah...
978	Frumpus	2013-04-18	follow me here... asha is at deepwood motte & sends a small force to take over calilin. she will be in this season just like she was last. in season 4 she will try her queensmoot while thinking theon is dead (but by end he becomes reek!) so theons first betrayal or signal into madness is to help ramsay unwittingly kill the one of the last ironborn forces. then by RW he is being totured & his skin placed in robbs or catelyns handsnext season we will get ramsay & reek back in winterfell im thinking while asha & other greyjoys get their shit togetherSounds good but unlikely to happen. Maybe if they had more than ten episodes a season...Really, GoT should be using 26 episode seasons instead of ten. HBO should spend big on the series.
979	Zombie	2013-04-19	So I guess I am embarrassed because it never really occurred to me (until my reread of the Tyrion chapter in SoS) just what role Ros would actually play and now it seems so obvious to me...  Say hello to the fake Arya Stark~!
Please tell me I'm not the only one who didn't put 2 and 2 together... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Zombie, 19 April 2013 - 01:14 AM.
980	JMJ	2013-04-19	Just rewatched E03. Another small deviation from the books - Missandei, after Dany "buys" her, answers that she has no family living. I suppose they are not including the storyline about her brothers in the Unsullied...
					
					
							Edited by Jam Maester Jay, 19 April 2013 - 01:45 AM.
981	Maester Totoro	2013-04-19	So I guess I am embarrassed because it never really occurred to me (until my reread of the Tyrion chapter in SoS) just what role Ros would actually play and now it seems so obvious to me...  Say hello to the fake Arya Stark~!Please tell me I'm not the only one who didn't put 2 and 2 together... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />This might be a joke I did not get, but anyway... How could that work? A tom boyish-y 12 year old brunette girl disappears for a year and suddenly she becomes a (at least) 20-something year old really hot redhead. If that were not enough, Ros actually comes from Winterfell.
982	Dove	2013-04-19	There's actually a specific topic about this in the General GoT thread - apparently one of the more popular theories seems to be that Ros could very well be used for that purpose, and if so the "role to play" would be changed to Fake Sansa instead of Fake Arya? Eh... it's possible, IMO.
983	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-19	There's actually a specific topic about this in the General GoT thread - apparently one of the more popular theories seems to be that Ros could very well be used for that purpose, and if so the "role to play" would be changed to Fake Sansa instead of Fake Arya? Eh... it's possible, IMO.Ya I can only see this theory working if it was Sansa and even then it's a bit of a strech seeing that Ros seems to look a lot older than Sansa.  Also does tv Littlefinger know Arya's alive from his trip to Harrenhal in season 2?  I seem to vaguely remember him mentioning something about Arya being alive to Sansa in the season three premiere, of course this could just be the same bs her threw at Cat in season 2 but still it makes me wonder....
984	Dove	2013-04-19	I have no idea either. He gave Arya a funny look back in S2 when he saw her that may or may not have been one of recognition. He's also a known liar, especially if it means getting to manipulate one of either of the red haired ladies in his life.If he really recognized Arya in Harrenhal it would be a stretch to me that he didn't do anything about it. Littlefinger is opportunistic enough to try and zip her up while he had the chance, and keep her safely tucked away until he could use her as a trump card.
985	TyrionsFlagon	2013-04-19	Couple questions about Theon. I know what happens in the books, but I'm not sure what Weiss and Benioff are going with things.
Is the guy that helped Theon escape the same guy that saved him from the 3 soldiers? Why would Ramsay kill Bolton men? I would have thought that Ramsay sent those three men, or that he was one of them.
Basically, can someone explain that part?
986	Maester Totoro	2013-04-19	Is the guy that helped Theon escape the same guy that saved him from the 3 soldiers?No. He is Ramsay.Why would Ramsay kill Bolton men? I would have thought that Ramsay sent those three men, or that he was one of them.Bad guys kill their subordinates a lot in fiction. That's how they roll.Also, he crazy.
987	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	I have no idea either. He gave Arya a funny look back in S2 when he saw her that may or may not have been one of recognition. He's also a known liar, especially if it means getting to manipulate one of either of the red haired ladies in his life.If he really recognized Arya in Harrenhal it would be a stretch to me that he didn't do anything about it. Littlefinger is opportunistic enough to try and zip her up while he had the chance, and keep her safely tucked away until he could use her as a trump card.I agree. Littlefinger would have turned Arya over in a second if he truly recognized her. Or at least kidnap her and keep her hostage. I think he was definitely lying to gain Sansa's trust.
988	Conchobar	2013-04-19	Couple questions about Theon. I know what happens in the books, but I'm not sure what Weiss and Benioff are going with things.Is the guy that helped Theon escape the same guy that saved him from the 3 soldiers? Why would Ramsay kill Bolton men? I would have thought that Ramsay sent those three men, or that he was one of them.Basically, can someone explain that part?He wants Theon to trust him. Before he betrays him, he gets  kick off of it. His men went along with the plan of the deception, but they didn't know about his final deal of the plan, to kill them.
989	FacelessSnow	2013-04-19	I agree. Littlefinger would have turned Arya over in a second if he truly recognized her. Or at least kidnap her and keep her hostage. I think he was definitely lying to gain Sansa's trust.I disagree, remember Littlefinger only works for himself, and he believes knowledge is power. I think it plays perfectly into his character to keep his knowledge of Arya's whereabouts  secret until its in his best interest (like gaining Sansa trust [theoretically if this wasn't a lie]).  What would handing Arya over to Tywin at that moment grant him?  Gratitude? and how could he kidnap Tywin's cupbearer without him noticing? thats not how LF rolls.LF was already playing another game with the Tyrells, Lannisters, and Catlyn at this time.  He probably started thinking of how to play the Arya piece for a later game, how could he ever imagine Arya (a girl of 12) would escape.Edit: just occured to me, if LF was assuming he would inherit Harenhall for his actions, he could safley assume he would inherit Arya the servant with it and thusly Arya would be his in the long run
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 19 April 2013 - 10:30 AM.
990	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	This is really odd indeed. It's extremely weird that they would bring a relatively "big name" just to die the next episode. And I really don't see how they could expand this role. He'll probably kill Mormont, survive, and get his end later in the season somehow.Its basically a cameo role, Burn Gorman probably just took it on for fun.
991	protar	2013-04-19	So I guess I am embarrassed because it never really occurred to me (until my reread of the Tyrion chapter in SoS) just what role Ros would actually play and now it seems so obvious to me...  Say hello to the fake Arya Stark~!Please tell me I'm not the only one who didn't put 2 and 2 together... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Yes, others have put 2 and 2 together and gotten 3 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I think it very unlikely that Ros will play the role of Fake!Arya. Either they introduce Jeyne this season in LF's brothel, or Ramsay will marry Talisa, using her position as Robb's former queen to boost his authority. I was going to say that Ros would most likely be killed by LF after the PW but apparently we haven't seen the last of Ser Dontos, which suggests he will be taking the fall as in the books. So I'm not sure what Ros will be doing, but I really can't see what role she might play in the end game.
992	JMJ	2013-04-19	Yes, others have put 2 and 2 together and gotten 3 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I think it very unlikely that Ros will play the role of Fake!Arya. Either they introduce Jeyne this season in LF's brothel, or Ramsay will marry Talisa, using her position as Robb's former queen to boost his authority. I was going to say that Ros would most likely be killed by LF after the PW but apparently we haven't seen the last of Ser Dontos, which suggests he will be taking the fall as in the books. So I'm not sure what Ros will be doing, but I really can't see what role she might play in the end game.But they already have an actress playing Jeyne Poole. Why wouldn't they just use her for the Jeyne/(F)Arya storyline? That is, unless the actress is not up for the task - it is pretty horrifying.
993	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	But they already have an actress playing Jeyne Poole. Why wouldn't they just use her for the Jeyne/(F)Arya storyline? That is, unless the actress is not up for the task - it is pretty horrifying.She was just an extra in once scene. No way she is returning
994	JMJ	2013-04-19	She was just an extra in once scene. No way she is returningWhether or not they use the same actress, it seems silly to change the entire plot just because the producers don't want to use an "extra" later on. It seems to me more likely they would re-introduce Jeyne, whether its the same actress or a different one, rather than change the plot line to have something ridiculous like Ros act as a stand-in for Jeyne/(F)Arya.
995	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-19	Whether or not they use the same actress, it seems silly to change the entire plot just because the producers don't want to use an "extra" later on. It seems to me more likely they would re-introduce Jeyne, whether its the same actress or a different one, rather than change the plot line to have something ridiculous like Ros act as a stand-in for Jeyne/(F)Arya.yep re-introduce Jeyne next season to go with Reek & Ramsay back in winterfell. makes sense to me...
996	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Except, no-one will remember who Jeyne was. In fact,the extra isnt even identified within the series, Sansa just mentions her name in passing. I barely remembered who she was in the books either, she's an incredibly minor character. Don't know why youve put brackets around "extra" Jam Maester, she was played by an extra. Doesn't mean that Ros will replace Jeyne necessarily. They could just as easily create a new character, which would be less confusing than explaining who Jeyne Poole is.
997	JaTyAdo	2013-04-19	Not Holding Onto <U+0080>Hold Riverrun<U+0080><U+0099>: One of the biggest controversies on these boards is deftly avoided by simply shrinking the impact of <U+0080><U+009C>Hold Riverrun<U+0080><U+009D> and <U+0080><U+009C>Killing the Mountain<U+0080><U+009D> (though it again seems more likely than not that Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s explanation makes less and less sense under scrutiny, so the show changed it).But<U+0080> I am not sure I liked much else, most certainly I did not enjoy Edmure- loved the actor, loved how he spoke to Robb and interfaced with Blackfish, but<U+0080> why have a character be so incompetent so quickly so much of the time?  Now, I a get that that is Edmure in the book so it makes some sense here, but in the book- AT LEAST Cat mentioned how Edmure had a good heart and at least he defeated Tywin!  This guy here at RR is a train wreck<U+0080> and we have only seen him for two scenes.The Devolution of Stannis: Stannis Baratheon was the guy who stormed the walls of KL; he kills people , he leads men<U+0080> and <U+0080> <U+0080><U+009C>Whaaa!!!! Why Can<U+0080><U+0099>t I have another kid!  Why Can<U+0080><U+0099>t I BE KING!  Please fuck me!!<U+0080><U+009D>  Now, I get it: he is rudderless and much like the book, Stannis is weakening.  But book-Stannis was not a weakling who always wanted the easy way out!  In fact, he sometimes made things as hard as they could be!  Don<U+0080><U+0099>t turn him suddenly into such an untethered, forgettable bad guy!  Give the guy some purpose<U+0080> please! LIstening to Stannis whine on a beach was about as bad as I have seen the show handle one of the most captivating caharcters in the series.Gosh, these two things are pissing me off..  Stannis is in love with Melisandre and Edmure is a total dumbass.. ruining characters that I love.. Damn! And Robb gave him some advice like 'Yeah, you know, I didn't mess up when I married Talisa!' Really now?! The show is good but the character assasination is totally unacceptable!!
998	JMJ	2013-04-19	Except, no-one will remember who Jeyne was. In fact,the extra isnt even identified within the series, Sansa just mentions her name in passing. I barely remembered who she was in the books either, she's an incredibly minor character. Don't know why youve put brackets around "extra" Jam Maester, she was played by an extra. Doesn't mean that Ros will replace Jeyne necessarily. They could just as easily create a new character, which would be less confusing than explaining who Jeyne Poole is.The "extra" quote was merely because I personally didn't consider her role minor, knowing what role Jeyne would play later on. As far as how truly minor the character is for show-only watchers, I can't really speak to that, other than probably most viewers would probably vaguely remember a girl Sansa liked to hang out with at WF (shown at the feast when the King's party is there).
999	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-19	I just don't think Ros will end up being the fake Stark she seems to be too old, and ppl forget she's secretely most likely not even working for Littlefinger anymore and is instead a spy for Varys based on the scene they had at the end of season 2.  Varys makes it clear to her that he doesn't force his employees into situations that could bring them serious physical absue the way Littlefinger does.  So if she his indeed now secretely working for Varys I can't really see Varys being okay with her marrying Ramsay rape, torture, and flay you alive Bolton.
1000	King of the Road	2013-04-19	It'll probably end up being a random whore from Kings Landing as the replacement Arya. It would be nice if it was a character if we were already aware of but I don't think it's necessary, so long as she is suitably vulnerable.
1001	I do not sew	2013-04-19	Cat still has plenty of time to tell everyone what a sweetheart Edmure is and blah blah blah. Furthermore, "being kind of heart" has nothing to do with competency. Edmure was a fuck up in the books, he's a fuck up in the show, they just streamlined it, like they do everything. I don't see what all the huff is about.
1002	JMJ	2013-04-19	One thing about replacing Jeyne with someone random as the Fake Arya - we don't know how that whole storyline will play out. Do Jeyne's ties to Winterfell play some role during TWOW? In the preview Stannis POV from TWOW, we see that
	Spoiler 
Mors Umber "confirms" Jeyne as Arya because Jeyne knows some details about Winterfell, and (F)Arya will be sent to the Wall with Nestoris and Justin Massey. Other threads have speculated whether or not she will head with them to Braavos. Using a random person may or may not fit into that storyline.
1003	Maxthestig	2013-04-19	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=ml5Xre-MuwwHere is our review.....Spolier so don't look at my comment!!!For people who have read the books. Do you think the Theon saga is dragging?I just want to see the real Ramsay and people are saying he is cute. I hope they don't think that when he is doing is thang!I love Jamie and Brienne..... I love every character....... Even Joff !!!!!!!!!
1004	Zombie	2013-04-19	I mean in the books it was clear it doesn't matter what fake Arya looks like, it just needed to be a northerner that knows about Winterfell since everyone is dead. They can use it as a way of just showing that Bolton and Ramsay know she's fake while sorta making tortured Theon more important again too. (heck they even had that scene with Ros breaking down in front of Littlefinger... like she would do again with Theon) There is also history between Ros and Theon from back in season 1 - I think it would make her wedding to Ramsay that more intriguing and show that Theon is so scared of Ramsay that he's willing to not really help Ros out (immediately).
In the Tyrion chapter I reread it was said that Littlefinger found Arya (and gave to Tywin... though Tywin knows she's a fake) and at the moment in the show Ros is the only one who makes sense there, but I suppose it could be someone new...  It just seems highly likely to me that they just might implement that role on her, but I guess we shall see in time.  I'm willing to put a golden dragon on it I'm right though. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1005	Ser Jake	2013-04-19	Watching the episode again, just can't get over how awful that scene with Tyrion and Bronn wanting details of Pod's 3-some is. Just seems so out of character and so completely unnecessary.
Rest of the episode was pretty good though.
1006	JMJ	2013-04-19	The other problem with Ros as FArya is that too many Northern guys would recognize her from ... Ahem ... Their visits with her whilst she was still working in WF.
1007	Dove	2013-04-19	Haha, true. To be fair I don't know if Operation: Fake Stark was meant to be particularly convincing in the books, either.
I always got the impression that it was fear of reprisal from the Boltons/Freys that kept the northerners in check moreso than "Arya". Obviously if Theon or someone else closely connected with the family had come right out and comfirmed that it wasn't her the jig was up either way, but I'm not sure if the other lords were legitimately decieved by the ruse or not.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 19 April 2013 - 09:01 PM.
1008	boojam	2013-04-19	The other problem with Ros as FArya is that too many Northern guys would recognize her from ... Ahem ... Their visits with her whilst she was still working in WF.
	Spoiler  I noticed last episode Ros mentioning she remembered Sansa's birth and how long the WF bells rang. Ros is , of course, a Dave and Dan invention, and I figured a meld on several figures. Especially in KL she seemed on the way to becoming that 'madam' that's at the Shae's 'halfway brothel' arranged by Varys and Tryion (I can not remember her name). Since Esme Bianco had a speaking role I figured they had used an actress who would do nudity*, have to say Bianco is a very good actress, I have come to like her. I can't see her being the fake Arya, but she could instruct a stand in on all the lore of the north and WF. Maybe Ros is a northerner? (Tywin could tell, by Arya's accent? that she was a northerner.) How many northern girls are in KL? A detail never important to the story. Any escapees from WF? The surrounding towns and villages which we hear only a minute about in the books?That would mean Ros is around until episode 6, or 7? Lord only knows it still depends on George and novel 6.Bianco was even brought over by HBO for red carpet treatment.*We have had Emilia and Sibel Kekilli (sort of    Roxanne McKee) do almost full frontal,topless at least, I have to wonder if Emilia will do it again?I don't know if Natalia Tena has done full frontal before, but she impresses me as a wild spirit, no problem for her!I was surprised that Dave and Dan , at least I think they did, said , on the DVD commentary for S2, that Sophie Turner (who must be a book reader) was willing to do the KL throne room beating scene, topless, as it was in the book. I think Sophie is still too young to do that,D and D would be in jail right now! Don't know what the legal age is in UK law to do that. 

					
					
							Edited by boojam, 19 April 2013 - 10:39 PM.
1009	liefde	2013-04-20	Spoiler  I noticed last episode Ros mentioning she remembered Sansa's birth and how long the WF bells rang. Ros is , of course, a Dave and Dan invention, and I figured a meld on several figures. Especially in KL she seemed on the way to becoming that 'madam' that's at the Shae's 'halfway brothel' arranged by Varys and Tryion (I can not remember her name). Since Esme Bianco had a speaking role I figured they had used an actress who would do nudity*, have to say Bianco is a very good actress, I have come to like her. I can't see her being the fake Arya, but she could instruct a stand in on all the lore of the north and WF. Maybe Ros is a northerner? (Tywin could tell, by Arya's accent? that she was a northerner.) How many northern girls are in KL? A detail never important to the story. Any escapees from WF? The surrounding towns and villages which we hear only a minute about in the books?That would mean Ros is around until episode 6, or 7? Lord only knows it still depends on George and novel 6.Bianco was even brought over by HBO for red carpet treatment.*We have had Emilia and Sibel Kekilli (sort of    Roxanne McKee) do almost full frontal,topless at least, I have to wonder if Emilia will do it again?I don't know if Natalia Tena has done full frontal before, but she impresses me as a wild spirit, no problem for her!I was surprised that Dave and Dan , at least I think they did, said , on the DVD commentary for S2, that Sophie Turner (who must be a book reader) was willing to do the KL throne room beating scene, topless, as it was in the book. I think Sophie is still too young to do that,D and D would be in jail right now! Don't know what the legal age is in UK law to do that. 
You can appear nude at any age with parental consent. Brooke Shields was 12 when she did nude scenes for 'Pretty Baby' and Keira Knightly was 15 when she went topless for 'The Hole'. Sophie is 17, so if she wanted to appear topless, D & D would certainly not be arrested for allowing it, but I'm glad they've chosen not to. I wouldn't be surprised if they used Ros for a fake Sansa plot at this stage. I feel like they've been leading up to it a fair bit, with her having red hair and blue eyes, being from Winterfell, and having a history with both Theon and Jon.
1010	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-20	There can't be a fake Sansa plot because she's 1) accused of killing Joffrey, and 2) married to Tyrion.
1011	Khal Porno	2013-04-20	There can't be a fake Sansa plot because she's 1) accused of killing Joffrey, and 2) married to Tyrion.In the books that's true, but we're talking about the show.
1012	boojam	2013-04-20	You can appear nude at any age with parental consent. Brooke Shields was 12 when she did nude scenes for 'Pretty Baby' and Keira Knightly was 15 when she went topless for 'The Hole'. Sophie is 17, so if she wanted to appear topless, D &amp; D would certainly not be arrested for allowing it, but I'm glad they've chosen not to. I wouldn't be surprised if they used Ros for a fake Sansa plot at this stage. I feel like they've been leading up to it a fair bit, with her having red hair and blue eyes, being from Winterfell, and having a history with both Theon and Jon. Well Pretty Baby is an AMERICAN FILM, made in 1978 , when things were loser in the USA , you cannot even get the original version (well maybe there is a pirate copy) on a commercial DVD anymore. As you may or may not remember there was a terrible fuss over Louis Malle being a child pornographer. I saw the original and thought it was a fairly good art film.You absolutely could not not make it today, I am not sure the MPAA would even give it an X. No major studio would produce it or distribute it , I think Paramount would just as well people forgot their involvement at this time.Keira Knightly , The Hole, was a UK film, I have never seen it. Says she did appear topless, super briefly.I don't know maybe there are UK laws for TV that are different than for film. Dave and Dan made it clear , season 1, that all the child actors had to be aged up to meet UK child labor laws.(I don't know what happened to the UK law amendment that would have prohibited anyone under the age of 14 from working , at anything , much less movies and TV.)The working hours part of the law is still in place , but the age restriction must not have passed.Since Sophie's scene would have been shot in UK territory , NI, I can see where Dave and Dan could have been restricted.HBO does nudity the MPAA hits with an R and X , still!, even if it's adults and is in context. HBO must have it's limits tho. It is amazing how at this late date , the 21 century, how puritanical the US is. I know adult material proliferates the web, and Premium Channels have a lot of soft core, but foreign art film here sometimes goes around the MPAA and is unrated. As for Ros, it just seems so unlikely , but lord that sequence is so far off I have wonder if we will ever even get there!
	Spoiler You know a lot of people complain about the T and A , and the sofcore 'bonking' (and I agree on the grounds of it being a time waste, at times), but you know that fake-Arya,  Ramsay - Theon, wedding night scene in ADwD is almost Henry Miller type explicitness. I really don't expect even HBO to allow that , if we ever get to scene!Lot of people blame the sex on HBO , but George , maybe he does not have as much useless nudity , but can lay on the adult stuff thick at times. There is some stuff GRRM has written even HBO would not touch.

					
					
							Edited by boojam, 20 April 2013 - 06:13 AM.
1013	liefde	2013-04-20	I'm pretty sure the rules are still the same in regards to underage nudity in films. The Hole only got a 12A (12 and up) rating in the UK, despite having a topless 15 year old in it.
Sophie is 17 though, and I don't think it's as much of an issue once you're past the age of consent. Quite a few highly regarded films have nude scenes with actresses aged 16/17 (American Beauty and Romeo + Juliet, off the top of my head), so I don't think it's much of an issue in the US either.
I don't know what they plan on doing in regards to scenes with Tyrion and Ramsay, but I think it's safe to say no one's going to jail over it.
1014	Khal Porno	2013-04-20	If Sansa (the character) is in fact naked in a scene, I think they will shoot it in such a way to imply the nudity without being graphic.  I think it would be in somewhat poor taste to show Sophie Turner's breasts, etc. and I bet Benioff and Weiss would agree.
I'm willing to bet dollars to donuts we will not see Sophie Turner naked.  Shoulders up/from the back maybe, but not anything explicit.
1015	boojam	2013-04-20	I'm pretty sure the rules are still the same in regards to underage nudity in films. The Hole only got a 12A (12 and up) rating in the UK, despite having a topless 15 year old in it.Sophie is 17 though, and I don't think it's as much of an issue once you're past the age of consent. Quite a few highly regarded films have nude scenes with actresses aged 16/17 (American Beauty and Romeo + Juliet, off the top of my head), so I don't think it's much of an issue in the US either.I don't know what they plan on doing in regards to scenes with Tyrion and Ramsay, but I think it's safe to say no one's going to jail over it.I think the problem is international distribution. For the first season D and D in the commentary for season 1 episode 1, that Isaac Hempstead Wright (Bran) was not in the scene when Jamie and Cersei were ... well you know what. I am not even sure Nikolaj , Lena and Isaac were all in the scene at once... and there was not even any nudity in that scene.And as I said in the commentary for season 2 Dave and Dan nixed Sophie doing any nudity, even from behind.So there is something going on B and B - HBO wise about actors under some legal age. In the US it would 18 , I think?
1016	The Monkey	2013-04-20	Why did Jorah Mormont say the exact same thing about Rhaegar in this episode as he did back in S1? ("Rhaegar fought honourably... etc.") Did the writers forget that they had already used that line?
1017	Spring Snow	2013-04-20	Oh, did they already use it? I suppose I forgot too, then. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1018	Jon Icefyre	2013-04-20	Why did Jorah Mormont say the exact same thing about Rhaegar in this episode as he did back in S1? ("Rhaegar fought honourably... etc.") Did the writers forget that they had already used that line?Did he? I thought all he said about Rhaegar in S1 is that Rhaegar was the last dragon....
					
					
							Edited by Jon Icefyre, 20 April 2013 - 08:16 PM.
1019	Khal Porno	2013-04-20	Why did Jorah Mormont say the exact same thing about Rhaegar in this episode as he did back in S1? ("Rhaegar fought honourably... etc.") Did the writers forget that they had already used that line?It's a great line (one of my favorites from the book).  If they can sneak it in again somewhere down the line that would be great.  Maybe they could have Ser Jorah say it in every odd-numbered season.
1020	Joyful Union	2013-04-21	Why did Jorah Mormont say the exact same thing about Rhaegar in this episode as he did back in S1? ("Rhaegar fought honourably... etc.") Did the writers forget that they had already used that line?They didnt use that line before
1021	The Monkey	2013-04-21	They didnt use that line beforeAre you sure? I was certain he said that in the conversation with Dany right before the wine seller tried to poison her in S1.
1022	Joyful Union	2013-04-21	Are you sure? I was certain he said that in the conversation with Dany right before the wine seller tried to poison her in S1.He was talking about Aegon the conqueror and whether he had dragons, he didn't bring up Rhaegar. He did say that Rhaegar was the last dragon in Season 1, but that's about it as far as Rhaegar is concerned.
1023	Druze	2013-04-25	From a purist standpoint I wasn't happy as usual. I continue to wish Theon would just disappear for 2 seasons. The Podrick scenes were IMO a waste of time. Too much sex talk. And I can't picture Stannis behaving the way he did with anyone.Positives: The last scene was great. Even though I think they should stick to the books whenever they can, I feel they did indeed improve on the source material in that last scene.Don't they touch on the games the bastard played with Theon in ADWD?  Letting him escape, capturing him, etc.?  Theon is one of the best POV's in ADWD so I think it's awesome we're getting a screenwriters adaptation of things that we only read about in past tense in that book.  Reek, Reek. rhymes with Theon and Bolton Bastard on HBO every week!!!
1024	The BlackBear	2013-04-26	Don't they touch on the games the bastard played with Theon in ADWD?  Letting him escape, capturing him, etc.?  Theon is one of the best POV's in ADWD so I think it's awesome we're getting a screenwriters adaptation of things that we only read about in past tense in that book.Yes he did 'let' him escape but Theon knew who Ramsay was, he was running away from him, that made the chase as 'fun' as it was.
1025	Jabronius Maximus	2013-05-20	Posted in Wrong thread
					
					
							Edited by Barristan the Boss, 20 May 2013 - 12:15 AM.
1026	Ran	2013-04-14	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
1027	Arrow	2013-04-14	The scene with Catelyn and Blackfish was very meaningful, where he says that even though there's a war going on where they are, there are parts of the world where nothing whatsoever is happening. To me, that scene speaks to the bizarre randomness of wars.
It reminded me of when my uncle came home from serving in Vietnam. I was very young but I remember him telling my mother that when he was there, he listened every waking moment for whistling sounds. She asked why, and he said it meant "incoming" and it meant take shelter. He said it was such a strange thing to sit in our dining room and not have to listen for anything, to know all of us were perfectly safe and didn't have to think about anything at all except the conversation we were having, while on the other side of the world, for some people there was no safe place.
This show has subtext that sneaks up on a person, small moments that are so startling in their depth.
1028	theJoker501	2013-04-14	Well, we haven't had an Oh Sh*t moment in a while, so yeah. I'm still on the second book so that was a major surprise with Jamie. Hopefully it wasn't a dream or something dumb like that.
I hated not seeing Ser Davos,but i'm sure he will be back soon.
Podrick must be packing some heat lol.
Also the Tully armor is pretty sweet, that's what the Night's Watch should have wore.
1029	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	^ Not sure how fish scales would protect you from the bitter cold lol. Everything about the Riverrun scenes was awesome, including the armor. I really liked how when Blackfish grabbed the bow he glanced up at the Tully flag right before he fired. Really nice touch.
1030	Arrow	2013-04-14	Also loved the bickering between Brienne and Jaime about his swordsmanship - she's telling him basically "You're not all that..." and he's making up excuses about how it's been a year.
Poor Jaime, he's short-handed now.
Sorry.
1031	theJoker501	2013-04-14	^ Not sure how fish scales would protect you from the bitter cold lol. Everything about the Riverrun scenes was awesome, including the armor. I really liked how when Blackfish grabbed the bow he glanced up at the Tully flag right before he fired. Really nice touch.Ha, but for hollywood's sake it would have been cool.Also loved the bickering between Brienne and Jaime about his swordsmanship - she's telling him basically "You're not all that..." and he's making up excuses about how it's been a year.Poor Jaime, he's short-handed now.Sorry.Yeah just when Jamie grows a heart he loses a hand lol.
1032	Dank Jedi	2013-04-14	I love how the "Last Action Blackfish" didn't even watch his arrow land and "explode", how more badarse can you get!
1033	DragonsHungry	2013-04-14	The Jaime hand decapitation was a great way to end the episode.  Nice guys the Bolton men, /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
The Blackfish funeral scene was awesome. I am liking the Blackfish.
I liked Dany tonight too, with Barristan and Jorah, and the lines about Rhaegar dying.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 14 April 2013 - 10:46 PM.
1034	ross arthur	2013-04-14	hey there
I just finished watching episode 3 just now and right at the end when Jamie was about to lose the hand they played some kind of dropkick murphy version of the bear and the maiden fair. I was pretty stunned.
I should point out I was streaming it but still
anyone else get this? what in 7 hell's is going on?
1035	theJoker501	2013-04-14	hey thereI just finished watching episode 3 just now and right at the end when Jamie was about to lose the hand they played some kind of dropkick murphy version of the bear and the maiden fair. I was pretty stunned.I should point out I was streaming it but stillanyone else get this? what in 7 hell's is going on?It wasn't a fluke, gods be damned.
1036	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-14	Go Pod /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1037	Q the Cat	2013-04-15	I liked the Pod scene.  :-)
1038	Q the Cat	2013-04-15	It wasn't a fluke, gods be damned.hey thereI just finished watching episode 3 just now and right at the end when Jamie was about to lose the hand they played some kind of dropkick murphy version of the bear and the maiden fair. I was pretty stunned.I should point out I was streaming it but stillanyone else get this? what in 7 hell's is going on?You had a bad copy.  The music didn't start until the credits started to roll.  So you missed some dialogue.
1039	theJoker501	2013-04-15	You had a bad copy.  The music didn't start until the credits started to roll.  So you missed some dialogue.Oh, I just realized that he said that Jamie was about to have his hand cut off. Thought you were just talking about the music lol.
1040	Zizou	2013-04-15	If I hadn't read the books I think I would have had an heart attack at that last scene. Even knowing what was coming it made me flinch. Seven hells that was an epic ending!
1041	Mr Hodor	2013-04-15	hey thereI just finished watching episode 3 just now and right at the end when Jamie was about to lose the hand they played some kind of dropkick murphy version of the bear and the maiden fair. I was pretty stunned.I should point out I was streaming it but stillanyone else get this? what in 7 hell's is going on?https://www.youtube....h?v=S7XUz6Xnzlg in case u didnt watch it till nowlast scene will start at around 2:00
					
					
							Edited by Great White Walker, 15 April 2013 - 07:26 AM.
1042	gande51	2013-04-15	Loved it when Tyrion walked into the council as everyone wanted to be closer to Tywin on the table and just took his chair to the opposite end , screeching like chalk !! Just Bog'n loved it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1043	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	Loved it when Tyrion walked into the council as everyone wanted to be closer to Tywin on the table and just took his chair to the opposite end , screeching like chalk !! Just Bog'n loved it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I liked what Cersei did with her chair and the looks she gave, that really setup Tyrion's chair move well. I loved the "Game of Chairs".
1044	Gendels Children	2013-04-15	WE SIMPLY NEED MORE JON.. we have had like a combined amount of 5 min of Jon so far this season.
1045	Gendels Children	2013-04-15	Loved it when Tyrion walked into the council as everyone wanted to be closer to Tywin on the table and just took his chair to the opposite end , screeching like chalk !! Just Bog'n loved it /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Har I couldn't stop giggling when watching that scene. Tyrion is totally a TROLL
1046	Dragon Lane	2013-04-15	I love how the "Last Action Blackfish" didn't even watch his arrow land and "explode", how more badarse can you get!I immediately thought of this:http://m.youtube.com...h?v=mvzIPnfSaDI(Sorry if I trivialize Lord Hosters funeral...)
1047	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-15	when the blackfish looked at the flag before he shot, was he looking at the wind direction?
1048	TehCount	2013-04-15	The end was really shocking to me. I was 98% sure that Jamie was going to break loose and kill the entire camp to "save the day" for Brienne, and then we would be conflicted about his character, etc. I couldn't believe when his hand was chopped off! This is really disappointing to me, because I was so looking forward to future fights with other skilled characters. He always had that "untouchable" quality and nobody really ever came close to taking him down, so this feels disappointing. Now he's going to be a broken man, and it's the end of any possible showdowns with other swordsmen. Boooooo!
1049	DukeAlmighty	2013-04-16	when the blackfish looked at the flag before he shot, was he looking at the wind direction?I guess that's what director meant, but there was flag on boat too. So it makes no sense, since it would be more convienent to measure wind while looking at your target.
1050	Revae	2013-04-16	Maybe his eyesight isn't so great - the boat was quite far away if you look at the frame before he shot the arrow.He was looking at the flag for wind direction, yes.The end was really shocking to me. I was 98% sure that Jamie was going to break loose and kill the entire camp to "save the day" for Brienne, and then we would be conflicted about his character, etc. I couldn't believe when his hand was chopped off! This is really disappointing to me, because I was so looking forward to future fights with other skilled characters. He always had that "untouchable" quality and nobody really ever came close to taking him down, so this feels disappointing. Now he's going to be a broken man, and it's the end of any possible showdowns with other swordsmen. Boooooo!I'm so glad a tv-only viewer felt Jaime was untouchable. That fight with Brienne has people confused as to how excellent a swordsman he actually is. Ofc they'll believe what they want, but Brienne thinks back on how epic he actually was after having been starved for months with his hands chained.
					
					
							Edited by Revae, 16 April 2013 - 02:25 AM.
1051	Arrow	2013-04-16	Speaking still as a Book 1 reader - almost done! - I have a feeling that Astapor slaver is going to get his butt kicked - he's been so rude and nasty and we know Danaerys doesn't like rude, nasty people and doesn't like slavery. I like her and Missandei - they're shaping up to be the Power Puff Girls of GoT - I hope they get some girl power going on, this show needs more female influence besides evil manipulators (Cersei, Melisandre) and whores (gotta have that gratuitous nekked women scene). Brienne is a good foil to those two character types, but we need more of the warrior woman energy. Something tells me Arya is going to fulfill her own prophecy about not becoming the lady of some manor - remember when she told Eddard "That's not me."
The chair-scraping hilarity made me think that Tyrion now is past caring just how much he pisses his father off - in fact, I think that's what he was trying to do in that scene. Literally, scraping his father's last nerve - and has anyone else noticed that Tyrion's overall attitude and tone are much darker and not as light-hearted this season? In seasons 1 and 2, he was more offhand with joking around, except in the most dire situations - but this season, his words have more bite and he is less concerned about who he bites, and how hard. There's a deep anger there that wasn't previously. The Chihuahua is taking on pit bull dimensions, a very subtle transformation, but it's there, probably the outcome of realizing that Cersei sincerely tried to have him murdered. That could be off-putting, couldn't it?
					
					
							Edited by Arrow, 16 April 2013 - 09:22 AM.
1052	cristianer	2013-04-16	The hand of Jamie /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />  it hurts me /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> . Anyway a great episode.
1053	Harrad	2013-04-16	He always had that "untouchable" quality and nobody really ever came close to taking him down, so this feels disappointing.Ned Stark had a good go at him and Jaime's man had to stab him from behind to stop that fight. Brienne also gave him all he could handle, with the ready excuse for him that he had been resting in captivity.
1054	leftnips	2013-04-16	Pod now has a very special place in my heart... for obvious reasons.
1055	Revae	2013-04-16	Ned Stark had a good go at him and Jaime's man had to stab him from behind to stop that fight. Brienne also gave him all he could handle, with the ready excuse for him that he had been resting in captivity.Brienne actually thinks back on the fight and how epic Jaime actually was after having been starved for months, and with his hands chained during the fight. It wasn't meant to be so one sided.Also the Ned fight never happened with Jaime either - Jaime would've ripped him in half.One of the things that disappoints me is that they never mentioned how when Jaime realised the fight was lost against Robb, he cut his way through to kill Robb, and took down a lot of Robb's defenders, about 5-10 himself with very little opposition.Only 3 people are said to be a match for him when he's not starved and in chains.
1056	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Brienne actually thinks back on the fight and how epic Jaime actually was after having been starved for months, and with his hands chained during the fight. It wasn't meant to be so one sided.Also the Ned fight never happened with Jaime either - Jaime would've ripped him in half.One of the things that disappoints me is that they never mentioned how when Jaime realised the fight was lost against Robb, he cut his way through to kill Robb, and took down a lot of Robb's defenders, about 5-10 himself with very little opposition.Only 3 people are said to be a match for him when he's not starved and in chains.They do say he cut down 10 of our men, or something to that effect, when they first capture Jaime.
1057	teemo	2013-04-16	It's a little sad how much they played down Jaime's battle prowess...yes, he was a good fighter against Brienne while in chains and locked up for a long time, but Ned Stark being a good match for him is laughable.
1058	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	All of Jaime's prowess is sort of hinted at through some dialogue in the show. I would have liked if they make him seem the prodigy he was in the books as well, but oh, well.
	Spoiler I think they will have a good opportunity to display it showing him getting significantly better at fighting with his left while practicing with Ilyn Payne or whoever the hell they get to replace him in the show.
1059	teemo	2013-04-16	good point! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1060	Dragon Doll	2013-04-16	I really liked how when Blackfish grabbed the bow he glanced up at the Tully flag right before he fired. Really nice touch.You get that he was checking the wind direction right?I think its supposed to demonstrate the difference between him and Edumure.
1061	Harrad	2013-04-17	Also the Ned fight never happened with Jaime either - Jaime would've ripped him in half.Hmmm...that was a pretty vivid hallucintion in season 1. If Jaime was doing so well I wonder why his man had to hamstring Ned from behind? Jes sayin
1062	Raion Laion	2013-04-18	If I remember correctly, Jaime's man made his move by his own will. I doubt Jaime would ev3r require any help in a one-on-one fight.
1063	Arrow	2013-04-18	If I remember correctly, Jaime's man made his move by his own will. I doubt Jaime would ev3r require any help in a one-on-one fight.Yep. That's why Jaime bitch-slapped the guy after he disabled Ned from behind. Jaime was hugely pissed off at the soldier for doing that. I got the feeling Jaime wanted to disable and detain Ned himself, and he could have done it easily without the soldier's help.
1064	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-18	best line of the episode:
"I'm no Stark of Winterhell!"
"WinterFell!"
"are you shure?"
1065	Deleted	2013-04-18	Deleted post - how can I delete my account?
Nothing but spoilers in every thread, regardless how it's marked.
					
					
							Edited by Angel_Angelus, 20 April 2013 - 06:37 AM.
1066	Deleted	2013-04-18	Deleted post - how can I delete my account?
Nothing but spoilers in every thread, regardless how it's marked.
					
					
							Edited by Angel_Angelus, 20 April 2013 - 06:36 AM.
1067	Deleted	2013-04-18	Deleted post - how can I delete my account?
Nothing but spoilers in every thread, regardless how it's marked.
					
					
							Edited by Angel_Angelus, 20 April 2013 - 06:36 AM.
1068	bluemoon	2013-04-20	No idea why people are talking about the books in this thread. /facepalm.
1069	Deleted	2013-04-20	Well I just want to delete my account now.  Definitely will NOT be recommending this forum to anyone who wants to be spoiler free.  This isn't the only thread I've seen this in.
1070	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	we saw two different signs made by white walkers from dead bodies so far. one was in pilot episode and now at the fist of the first men. 
what does those signs indicate  ??  i think the others have their own sigil .
1071	Ser Greg of House House	2013-04-15	I don't know what "episodes" are.
1072	lady m	2013-04-15	This is the book forum.  All tv talk goes in the show forum.  Thank you.
1073	Son of a Harpy	2013-04-15	It's a creating decision made by the television writers. I don't think it means anything other than a way to illustrate to the viewers that the Others' are weird and evil.
1074	King of Winters	2013-04-15	I live in England so I haven't seen the new episode yet (it's on tonight) but in the pilot episode the symbol made out of the dead Wildlings means a change in seasons. So that would be the foreshadowing of Winter coming by The Others.
1075	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-15	It almost looked like a view of a tornado from above. Interesting and would like to see if it does mean anything later on. I do not rememeber anything in the books regarding them using symbolism though.
1076	yolkboy	2013-04-15	Thanks for the spoiler
					
					
							Edited by yolkboy, 15 April 2013 - 11:11 AM.
1077	Tourniquet	2013-04-15	This is the book forum.  All tv talk goes in the show forum.  Thank you.Wait this is a book forum? I thought these were the show forums...
1078	King of Winters	2013-04-15	I've seen the clip on YouTube and it looks like a spiral, similar to a galaxy. No idea what it means.
1079	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Wait this is a book forum? I thought these were the show forums...It was moved.
1080	Snark_Tamer	2013-04-15	I think the only logical reason for the symbols is it will eventually be shown as a short cut to explain something about the others--the book will have a longer explanation, but we are only so far into what we know about the others, so we can't see it yet.
I mean I get that's it's possible it is plain old artistic license, but that would bug me, where I understand the reason for needing shortcuts.
1081	Error	2013-04-15	Edit: Made a full album instead, easier to browse. Minor spoilers from 1 and 3 season.http://imgur.com/a/ly3Wh
As these corpse arrangments is a recurring theme it is fair to assume that the producers puts some meaning into it. The most obvious reason is that they want to show that the Others actually are an intelligent species, which would not be entirely clear otherwise. But, is there more to it?
Well, a striking similarity is that both arrangements are connected to the universe.
Are they trying to indicate that the Others have some form of connection to the universe? That they are creatures of another world or such?
					
					
							Edited by Error, 15 April 2013 - 11:59 AM.
1082	Tourniquet	2013-04-15	It was moved.Thank you sir.
1083	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-15	I read that the positioning has some meaning that GRRM told the producers.
1084	FacelessSnow	2013-04-15	The interesting inclusion of these symbols reminded me of another time the showrunners decided to include interesting designs not mentioned in the books: when Quaith paints that spiral thing on the sailor to protect him from when crossing Valaryia.  Maybe there is a connection between the Others and the Doom (I'm guessing Astronomical/Astrological) which GRRM hasnt told us yet but D & D know.
1085	King of Winters	2013-04-15	The interesting inclusion of these symbols reminded me of another time the showrunners decided to include interesting designs not mentioned in the books: when Quaith paints that spiral thing on the sailor to protect him from when crossing Valaryia.  Maybe there is a connection between the Others and the Doom (I'm guessing Astronomical/Astrological) which GRRM hasnt told us yet but D &amp; D know.Was it a spiral? I thought it was a circle surrounded by triangles.
1086	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Well, I completely missed the symbol in the prologue which opened the series, although I thought the one last night was absolutely stunning.  That makes two episodes I need to go back and watch tonight.  How interesting if the While Walkers do have their own sigil.  And so I guess the wights would be their sellswords?  LOL
But as to the thread...It has "book and tv spoilers" right there in the title of the thread, and it is listed in the forum under Season 3, E03, "Walk of Punishment"...so why the objections to it ("thanks for the spoiler" posted above) or (this is book thread, that belongs in TV thread).  I'm confused...
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 15 April 2013 - 12:46 PM.
1087	Sun	2013-04-15	It looked like a Golden Spiral to me - The Divine Proportion. Then we had Craster talking about belonging to the true gods. Is the show trying to tell us that the Others are the Old Gods??????
Any heretics around that can expand on this idea?
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 12:49 PM.
1088	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	It's a Zerg symbol that foreshadows events to come.
The Wall is gonna get baneling-busted. And all the Zerglings (Others) will stream in.
1089	JoramunsKazoo	2013-04-15	I think the Others/Whitewalkers use of symbolism is used to reiterate to TV viewers that they are very different from their horde of mindless wights and show a certain degree of motivation and emotion. Similar to our own use of symbolism, I suspect its usage has a strong tie to the god(s) they worship.  I also think that Craster's comments help support this.
[start brain dump]
The celestial theme could mean anything and/or everything at this point. Afterall, D&D have the inside scoop where this story is heading. Ice is akin to cold dark lifeless space. Fire represents the sun/stars, light, and life.  Maybe they're just analogies at this point.  Maybe they embody the very gods in this timeless battle of the cosmos.
[/ end brain dump]
					
					
							Edited by JoramunsKazoo, 15 April 2013 - 01:08 PM.
1090	King of Winters	2013-04-15	It looked like a Golden Spiral to me - The Divine Proportion. Then we had Craster talking about belonging to the true gods. Is the show trying to tell us that the Others are the Old Gods??????Any heretics around that can expand on this idea?Or maybe The Others believe that they are gods
1091	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	Interesting stuff about the symbol being connected to astronomical objects. Makes sense since cosmology plays a part in the asoiaf: the red comet, swords being made from meteorites, some people believing dragons come from the moon...
1092	Kienn	2013-04-15	It's a Zerg symbol that foreshadows events to come.The Wall is gonna get baneling-busted. And all the Zerglings (Others) will stream in.Lol that is the first thing I thought of too...But for Westeros my best guess is it's some kind of First Men rune symbol.
1093	Effie	2013-04-15	Interesting stuff about the symbol being connected to astronomical objects. Makes sense since cosmology plays a part in the asoiaf: the red comet, swords being made from meteorites, some people believing dragons come from the moon...That's what I thought. And aren't star constellations a big part of it as well, how the wildlings have different names and meanings for them?
1094	Winterz	2013-04-15	Exactly what I was questioning the damn symbols....Maybe they're not really from other planet, they just have a far more developed knowledge in astrology? Also vast knowledge in it would explain how they knew a big winter was coming and awoke when the time was right. I don't think the symbols were ever mentioned in the books so it might very well be the Show hinting something.
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 15 April 2013 - 06:01 PM.
1095	Clariana	2013-04-15	A spiral, a maelstrom, Charybdis.
The Others believe they are the end of humanity.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 15 April 2013 - 06:31 PM.
1096	idio	2014-07-11	It seems to me like the Red Comet and the Stars / Galaxy its streaking through.
1097	DarkSnow	2013-04-15	So who cut off Jaime's hand was it the Bolton men or the Brave companions (Bloody mummers) because that changes the Bolton and Lannister relationship. Bolton doesn't want Jaime in the books because of Tywins Wrath right?
1098	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I thought Bolton.  Remember, all from the Dreadfort carry that 'flayed man' sigil.  Sadistic -- shudder!
 /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
1099	Masha	2013-04-15	The only thing I thought when watching was - When his hand is coming off? Will they keep it on to diverge from books or not?
1100	stiff_pirates	2013-04-15	Does anyone think they will include the scene between Brienne and Jamie in the bath, which is kind of an early glimpse of his redemption as a character in the books (and hopefully the TV show)?
He expresses some pretty somber, pitiful and deep thoughts in this part of the series.
Also, seeing big Brienne's nakedness would be intense.
1101	MsLibby	2013-04-15	WE have already seen a clip of the bath scene. It's quick, with a closeup of Jaime saying "I'm tired of fighting" (I believe that's what he said). It was in one of the earlier trailers.
1102	Currawong	2013-04-16	So who cut off Jaime's hand was it the Bolton men or the Brave companions (Bloody mummers) because that changes the Bolton and Lannister relationship. Bolton doesn't want Jaime in the books because of Tywins Wrath right?They have deleted the Bloody Mummers.  So many new characters already for viewers to get their heads around, and we already have the Brotherhood without Banners in Season 3 (having both BWB and BMs would be far too confusing on screen).  So Vargo Hoat has become Locke, a minor / renegade bannerman of Roose Bolton, and that streamlines and simplifies things nicely.	  Roose himself can still be plotting with Tywin as in the books  (which Hoat/Locke doesn't know about), and therefore Roose can still be shocked/angry that Locke has removed Jaime's hand, because it's not going to make Tywin very happy.  That was exactly the point of the Jaime / Roose dinner conversation at Harrenhal, when Jaime promises that if Roose sets him free to go on to KL, he (Jaime) will assure Tywin that Roose was not responsible for chopping off Jaime's hand.
1103	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I'm looking forward to him changing into his "new look."  I hope it happens this season.
1104	Currawong	2013-04-16	Of course, handless Jaime is going to present ongoing issues for the producers (and Nikolaj!).	He'll probably have to wear a special glove and keep his fingers clenched into a light fist as a 'stump', and also they may have to subtly adjust his sleeve length on that side so his arm 'looks' shorter. Otherwise, they are going to be doing regular touch-ups and special effects to 'adjust' his hand every time Jaime is on-screen!
They could get away with Tyrion just being scarred and not noseless, avoiding the need for heavy makeup, but they can't get away with Jaime not being handless  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 16 April 2013 - 02:22 AM.
1105	HTN02	2013-04-16	Of course, handless Jaime is going to present ongoing issues for the producers (and Nikolaj!).	He'll probably have to wear a special glove and keep his fingers clenched into a light fist as a 'stump', and also they may have to subtly adjust his sleeve length on that side so his arm 'looks' shorter. Otherwise, they are going to be doing regular touch-ups and special effects to 'adjust' his hand every time Jaime is on-screen!They could get away with Tyrion just being scarred and not noseless, avoiding the need for heavy makeup, but they can't get away with Jaime not being handless  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />all they need is a few episodes to fill that up. after that all they need is a goldcolored, nonmoving glove....
1106	DarkSnow	2013-04-16	They have deleted the Bloody Mummers.  So many new characters already for viewers to get their heads around, and we already have the Brotherhood without Banners in Season 3 (having both BWB and BMs would be far too confusing on screen).  So Vargo Hoat has become Locke, a minor / renegade bannerman of Roose Bolton, and that streamlines and simplifies things nicely.	  Roose himself can still be plotting with Tywin as in the books  (which Hoat/Locke doesn't know about), and therefore Roose can still be shocked/angry that Locke has removed Jaime's hand, because it's not going to make Tywin very happy.  That was exactly the point of the Jaime / Roose dinner conversation at Harrenhal, when Jaime promises that if Roose sets him free to go on to KL, he (Jaime) will assure Tywin that Roose was not responsible for chopping off Jaime's hand. Yeah ok that makes sense to me know, before i thought that they were Bolton men but thought it would but Roose in a bad situation
1107	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-16	Yeah ok that makes sense to me know, before i thought that they were Bolton men but thought it would but Roose in a bad situationIt will. But he's adaptable. I hope to see Locke vs a bear. Even sounds like Lorch
1108	dttljs123	2013-04-16	Roose Bolton didn't personally cut off his hand, they are Bolton men but maybe the Bastard's Boys instead of Roose's.
1109	Greywolf2375	2013-04-16	all they need is a few episodes to fill that up. after that all they need is a goldcolored, nonmoving glove....Given how they minimized Tyrions damage, it will be interesting to see how they do handle it though.  Similar to Davos only having nubs for fingers, I hope they more go the route of a few displays but then basically handle it by hiding the hand instead of extra long cuffs, etc.
1110	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-16	I vote for the golden hand like the books, he needs it to hold a shield and goblet and smack / punch/ strangle people.
1111	Roose Seal	2013-04-16	I want them to give him a golden hand just so he can walk up to Tywin and say "What do you expect! I'm HALF MACHINE! I'M A MOOONNNSTER"
					
					
							Edited by The Lost Direwolf, 16 April 2013 - 02:23 PM.
1112	Harrad	2013-04-16	In the books it was Vargo Hoat who had already turned coat from following the Lannisters at Harrenhal as part of the Companions. By the time he got a hand from Jaime he was on Bolton's payroll. I imagine the GoT rulers thought that would cornfuse too many people so Locke was introduced.
1113	Currawong	2013-04-17	Yeah ok that makes sense to me know, before i thought that they were Bolton men but thought it would but Roose in a bad situationYes, it's only an 'issue' in the sense that the writers need to address it in the way that they write the return to Harrenhal, and the Roose / Jaime scene(s) there, assuming they are following the book and will have that dinner where the two of them are playing verbal diplomatic games.  But it's in no way a 'showstopper' or insurmountable, and it's not going to lead to huge plot inconsistencies.   It's the sort of thing that would naturally flow out of story adjustments once they made the decision to change Vargo Hoat to Locke, so I'm really not worried.all they need is a few episodes to fill that up. after that all they need is a goldcolored, nonmoving glove....  Yes, a rigid golden glove would probably be the way to go.  In the books he doesn't wear it all the time, but it would make life a lot easier for NCW as well as the producers if they just gave him the glove.  Well, Jaime did have ironic thoughts of being 'Goldenhand the Just'  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 April 2013 - 03:18 AM.
1114	Chickren	2013-04-17	Well, Jaime did have ironic thoughts of being 'Goldenhand the Just'  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Heh.I'm just interested to see how they play out the Harrenhal endgame with Locke.  He's not Hoat, so he could avoid Hoat's fate and potentially be an ongoing character.  I halfway wonder if they'll use him in place of the Brave Companions that survived the Mountain in the books, as they're doing so much character consolidating on the show.  Anyway, I think the whole Locke storyline is a very intriguing change.
1115	Broken Fox	2013-04-17	I always thought the golden hand was corny. It'd look better if they just put his arm in a permanent sling, except for when he's fighting.
1116	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	I always thought the golden hand was corny. It'd look better if they just put his arm in a permanent sling, except for when he's fighting.The golden hand is a far better fit for Lannister pride than an obvious cripple in a permanent sling though...
1117	brut	2013-04-23	More importantly, was Jaime's hand cut on the Weirwood stump? Can someone watching the show in HQ please look into this? Obviously, the book doesn't say anything of sorts, but knowing how things change in the show, could be Jaime's very own sacrifice to the Old Gods.
1118	Tony Soprano	2013-04-23	The Bloody Mummers are gone. They've been replaced with some other unnamed mercenary band led by Locke, the man who cut off Jaime's Hand. Locke is in the service of Roose Bolton, just like Vargo Hoat. And just like Hoat, he cut off his hand because he could. Because he felt like it. Roose didn't order anything, and he won't know about it until Jaime is delivered to Harrenhal. And when he sees what Locke has done, he'll just scold him, and that'll be the end of it, just like in the books. Jaime knows Bolton didn't order Locke to maim him.Roose Bolton didn't personally cut off his hand, they are Bolton men but maybe the Bastard's Boys instead of Roose's.The Bastard's Boys have nothing do with Roose. They're Ramsay's mad dogs. And so far, they're not in the show.
1119	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-23	I never understood why Jaime didn't get a dagger as his replacement hand, or a short sword type thing. It wouldn't be as good as having his sword hand back but then his reflexes would be more useful and less of a hindrance at least if he needs to defend himself. He needs the golden hand to slap around the Freys though.
1120	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-23	http://www.youtube.c...8_i7StJPLg&NR=1
Just saying, saw it coming, would have been easy to avoid
1121	MsLibby	2013-04-24	Those guys were so annoying to listen to.
1122	Jaqen Hghar	2014-02-18	This is a late comment - but that's what you get for some national networks being late putting out season 3 . I have to admit I thought they were going to disable Jaime in some different way than in the books, a bit like Patrick Swayze in North and South who was (if I remember correctly) severely limp in the TV series while he lacked an arm in the book.
Sure, a missing hand is easier to "fix" on screen than an entire arm, but it will still take some effort, so I was actually wondering whether they were simply going to break his leg or an arm to disable him or do something else. But I guess the missing hand is crucial enough for the story and Jaime's character development that the producers are prepared to make the effort.

					
					
							Edited by Jaqen Hghar, 18 February 2014 - 08:37 AM.
1123	Morrigan	2013-04-15	I don't know how to make a poll (they're probably disabled for non-mods? maybe a mod or admin can edit this post to make a poll) but I'd like to see what's the general opinion regarding the pop rock song for the end credits. Yay or nay?Personally, I thought it was a terrible decision. I really liked the episode overall (and I'm one of "those purists") and thought it was the best of the season, but that song nearly ruined the last scene for me, it turned a powerful dramatic scene into a joke. I did read D&D's so-called "justification" for it, and it didn't change my mind at all. It didn't help that the song really, really sucked, too.I'm curious to see how many agree and disagree.
1124	samih	2013-04-15	what justification? Is there a link??
1125	Neeps on a Breastplate	2013-04-15	When the song first started playing, I actually thought it was a mistake. This yanked me SO HARD out of the end scene (which I otherwise LOVED) that I didn't have time to savor what had just happened. Not a good move, in my opinion.
1126	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Personally, I was confused they didn't use the first rendition of the Bear and the Maiden Fair, that they sung in the middle of the show.
Cause that one made me actually say "wow".
1127	a white raven	2013-04-15	Terrible, it was an obvious merchandising ploy. "Let's find a way to sell every aspect of this popular show" "bear and the maiden fair cover!" "Tyrion bobble heads!" "Daenerys blonde wigs!" 
...for shame.
1128	Broken Fox	2013-04-15	I thought it was fine.
1129	wandarah	2013-04-15	I thought it was great. Totally jarring, vicious. Chop. Scream. Rock. Over. Great stuff.
1130	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-15	Loved it!
1131	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-15	I quite liked it, although I knew it was coming in advance from these forums.
Also, bloody sky tv always interrupt the credits with an advert for another show, so I was sucked out of it pretty quickly anyway. 
	Spoiler If they do that after the RW I'll be PISSED

EDIT: On the rewatch - yeah, I liked it!
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 16 April 2013 - 06:46 AM.
1132	Arkash	2013-04-15	The song really worked for me.
The scene before is a shock, and then, when you think you can be relieved because the closing titles starts rolling... you get this song, which is, kindda "unwordly" for Westeros. It's weird, so the whole ending of the episode is shocking and weird and I loved it !
1133	teemo	2013-04-15	At first I liked it, but now I don't.  I see what they're trying to do there, but it kind of killed the mood entirely.
1134	int11	2013-04-15	My first thought: "What the hell ... was the radio just turned on?" and I forgot all about Jamie.
And I believe my initial reaction is what counts here.
A non-reading friend sent med a text message a couple of hours ago: "GoT! What the hell happened with the music at the end?"
					
					
							Edited by int11, 15 April 2013 - 06:57 PM.
1135	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	It was like being slapped in the face with cold water and reminded "HEY, you are watching TV...there is no worldbuilding or immersion in the experience going on here...because, see, we're throwing in a punk rock song to remind you that you're sitting on your couch in 2013".
1136	Dove	2013-04-15	Loved it. Thought the whole scene was done perfectly, and the cut the credits was fantastic. It was such a troll you half expected the credits font to be Comic Sans with a looping Snoop Dogg gif in the background.I can see why some people wouldn't like it though. It was very, very, jarring, but it just happened to work for me.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 06:06 PM.
1137	shiola	2013-04-15	I paused it right after Jaime's scream ended so I only really got the first note of the song.  I was like "Oh they did this with the Blackwater episode, no big deal I guess."  But then I saw all the discussion about it so I rewatched the scene and let the closing credits play.  I gotta say I'm not a fan, personally.  
I like the idea of them doing different things for the end credits, and them incorporating songs from the books in ways we don't expect.  I think that's all very neat and fun.  I understand it wasn't supposed to fit, and that's their prerogative as showrunners.  But I didn't really like it.  I felt like it detracted from what is a big moment for Jaime.  The normal closing music works so well after big moments like Ned's beheading or Dany's dragons being born, things like that, and it is noninvasive and lets you reflect over what you just saw.  This took you out of it and I didn't find it to benefit the episode.
Now, if it had been haunting and quiet like The Rains of Castamere after Blackwater, that would have been something else entirely.
1138	Foune	2013-04-15	I hated that shit so hard, I thought I was fully immersed in watching a high-fantasy series but the credits song proved me otherwise.
I mean, the song would have fine if it had been used in a TV series setting where it had fitted in, GoT is a such an immersive fantasy that takes me from the current world and that song just broke that.
1139	LordStoneheart	2013-04-15	I'm a Jaime hater so I thought it was awesome. I think the build up and surprise, especially for non-readers, was great. So they were like "what the hell?" when his hand gets chopped, and then they hear the upbeat song that makes it ever more hilarious. I'm assuming most nonreading viewers hate Jaime still, so that's why I loved it.
1140	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I LOVED it even though it just about jarred me right up through the ceiling.  So powerful - the juxtaposition to what had just happened to Jaime was a real 'call to arms' about what war (and the bloody mummers, Vargo Hoat, the Dreadfort crew, et.al.) is really like.  Genius - brilliant!
1141	shiola	2013-04-15	I quite liked it, although I knew it was coming in advance from these forums.Also, bloody sky tv always interrupt the credits with an advert for another show, so I was sucked out of it pretty quickly anyway. 
	Spoiler If they do that after the RW I'll be PISSED
If they've done  it for every episode, they will do it for every episode to come, I'd imagine.  
	Spoiler Turn off the TV as fast as you can and drown in your sorrow before the ad strikes?  Gods know after we see the RW, I will be out of commission and will not accept interaction from anyone-- in the form of commercials or in person.
1142	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	PS - @ Vis...your photo is so cool!  Don't know where you found it so quickly after last night's episode, but I love it.
1143	WinterKing	2013-04-15	I liked it,but not loved it.
1144	Clariana	2013-04-15	As Cas Stark says it was an artifice, as wonderah correctly describes it, "Totally jarring, vicious. Chop. Scream. Rock. Over. Great stuff." a brechtian technique:One of Brecht's most important principles was what he called the Verfremdungseffekt (translated as "defamiliarization effect", "distancing effect", or "estrangement effect", and often mistranslated as "alienation effect").[61] This involved, Brecht wrote, "stripping the event of its self-evident, familiar, obvious quality and creating a sense of astonishment and curiosity about them".[62] To this end, Brecht employed techniques such as the actor's direct address to the audience, harsh and bright stage lighting, the use of songs to interrupt the action, explanatory placards, and, in rehearsals, the transposition of text to the third person or past tense, and speaking the stage directions out loud.
1145	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	Count me in the I loved it crowd
1146	DolorousKim	2013-04-15	I understand what the producers/show runners were going for, but it didn't really play well for me.  In my opinion, It actually lessened the impact of the absurdly great ending of the final scene -- it wasn't so catastrophically bad that it "ruined" the scene, but it did diminish it to some extent.  So, yeah, thumbs down from me.
1147	xDireWolfx93	2013-04-15	Funny thing is, I watched the episode online and in the version I was watching for some reason the song started playing before his hand was cut off. I was like, "Am I being trolled here?" I didn't even get to hear him scream. :s I don't think it would have bothered me having it for the end credits like it was supposed to be, but literally having it inserted in the middle of an intense and dramatic scene ruined it for me. Obviously, haha.
					
					
							Edited by xDireWolfx93, 15 April 2013 - 07:19 PM.
1148	dubq	2013-04-15	I don't like the version of the song.. but to complain that it was "terrible" and "too jarring over the credits"? Give me a break. This really just proves to me that people at this site exist only to piss and moan about every little thing that comes down the pipe like a bunch of petulant children.
1149	YuvalTheVal	2013-04-15	I thought it was great! come on, we all remember we're watching a show, the script always "winks" at us. it was weird, it was cool, it was just fun.
1150	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	I don't like the version of the song.. but to complain that it was "terrible" and "too jarring over the credits"? Give me a break. This really just proves to me that people at this site exist only to piss and moan about every little thing that comes down the pipe like a bunch of petulant children.YupI just started laughing because it didn't fit at all
1151	MoAt	2013-04-15	I thought it was great. Totally jarring, vicious. Chop. Scream. Rock. Over. Great stuff. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1152	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	I enjoyed the song, I play on getting it on my iPod.  I have been waiting to hear The Bear and the Maiden Fair on the show for sooooo long.  The only problem I had was that, as for many of you, it took me right out of the scene.  Jaime's hand just got cut off and it was like "Yay now let's listen to Bear and the Maiden Fair."  It was strange
1153	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	I thought it was bold. I didn't really like it though.
Quentin Tarantino-esque.
1154	TheButcherCrow	2013-04-15	I had no problem with it & I didn't even imagine in my wildest dream that anyone would... until I came on here /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Whatevs.
1155	juanml82	2013-04-15	Actually, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau acting took me out of the action. Waiting to scream until he realized he got his hand chopped off worked as a WTF moment for me.And, with the illusion kind of off, I liked the song. A happy music, but more related to the Westerosi universe, would have blended with the scene instead of breaking away that much from it. I also think, though, that Jaime had to scream when he was cut, and not after, for that to happen. But it wasn't the intend, though.
1156	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-15	That end credits song redefined th word "flop." I was expecting a cool rendition similar to the ending of Blackwater but instead what we got was a crappy version that ruined an otherwise semi-epic ending of an episode. Everyone that I watched it with even said the song was ridiculous and thought it was a joke, and I was inclined to agree. On top of that, the last version was so shitty that some people did not even recognize it was the same song being song toward the middle of the ep., which is shameful in my opinion. Honestly, I would second what others have said on here that the first version sung was miles better. Locke (or whoever) was singing had a great voice, despite being a potential rapist.
1157	Eogh	2013-04-15	I don't like the version of the song.. but to complain that it was "terrible" and "too jarring over the credits"? Give me a break. This really just proves to me that people at this site exist only to piss and moan about every little thing that comes down the pipe like a bunch of petulant children.People exist (on this forum) to discuss ASoIAF and GoT, including the creative decisions of the people behind the show. Granted, some people are more put off by certain changes than others, but no need to be a dick.
1158	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-15	Funny thing is, I watched the episode online and in the version I was watching for some reason the song started playing before his hand was cut off. I was like, "Am I being trolled here?" I didn't even get to hear him scream. :s I don't think it would have bothered me having it for the end credits like it was supposed to be, but literally having it inserted in the middle of an intense and dramatic scene ruined it for me. Obviously, haha.CouchTuner!!!!!!! YEHHHHHH  #TEAMCOUCHTUNERSome of us working class can't afford HBO
					
					
							Edited by RememberTheNorth, 15 April 2013 - 07:48 PM.
1159	Frey Buffet	2013-04-15	I like the Hold Steady but it wasn't how I imagined the song to go so I was a bit disappointed at first. I think the American accent put me off since no one in the show speaks with one. But I've listened to it again and it's growing on me. Also Gary Lightbody's version was pretty.
					
					
							Edited by Frey Buffet, 15 April 2013 - 07:55 PM.
1160	Reposado	2013-04-15	very jarring. especially after that moment. not the biggest of deals though.
1161	Silverx2	2013-04-15	I did not enjoy the rendition so obviously i didn't think it fit well with the ending.
when they sang it while mounted it was much better.
This was def no rains of castamere after the blackwater.
1162	MoAt	2013-04-15	I think everyone who felt it was jarring are missing the point that that was exactly the way you were supposed to feel. Sort of like Jamie losing his hand. I thought it was brilliant.
1163	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I think everyone who felt it was jarring are missing the point that that was exactly the way you were supposed to feel. Sort of like Jamie losing his hand. I thought it was brilliant. Believe me, I am not missing the point, I know exactly what they were trying to do, I happen to vehemently disagree that it was an appropriate choice to throw in a modern song into a fantasy series.What next?  Are the characters going to start turning to face the TV audience and talk to us directly to tear down the fourth wall, because that, too, would be edgy?  Or maybe they could have modern dream sequences as well, why not, that would be jarring and create more dissonance in the audience?
1164	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	hated it
1165	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-15	I didn't even recognize it at first as The Bear and the Maiden Fair, so it really didn't work for me.
1166	Young Nan	2013-04-15	I was pretty underwhelmed by the whole scene, to be honest.   And the song felt out of place.  Booo.
1167	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-15	I thought it was great.  At this point, a lot of viewers don't like Jamie.  They might feel like he got what he deserved.  Having somber credits might seem like we are all supposed to feel sorry for him in the same way that we felt sad after Ned, or after hundreds of people died in the Blackwater.  The song was appropriate.  He was being arrogant, then WHAM!   Don't forget, not that long ago, he threw Bran out a window, then killed all Ned Stark's people.  
The upbeat song afterward was sarcastic..  it was tongue in cheek for all those people out there that went... "What? Holy Sh*t!" then cracked up. 
Of course, being a book reader, my feelings on Jamie are...  complex...  but in this point in the story..  absolutely.
					
					
							Edited by Moon-Pale Maiden, 15 April 2013 - 08:55 PM.
1168	polarbear	2013-04-15	Believe me, I am not missing the point, I know exactly what they were trying to do, I happen to vehemently disagree that it was an appropriate choice to throw in a modern song into a fantasy series.What next?  Are the characters going to start turning to face the TV audience and talk to us directly to tear down the fourth wall, because that, too, would be edgy?  Or maybe they could have modern dream sequences as well, why not, that would be jarring and create more dissonance in the audience?"Modern Song"? Its the Bear and the Maiden Fair. And if they remain faithful to the book, there will be dream sequences coming up shortly.
1169	alwayswinter	2013-04-15	Just posted this on another thread, but i loved it. Perfect way to follow that scene IMO. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
My few "show-only" friends also really liked it, which is cool - even though they didn't know the song.
1170	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-15	Good band.
Good cover.
1171	Stannis 4 Prez	2013-04-15	I didn't even get a first impression of the song bc when it came on the only thing I could think was "everybody on the forums is gonna hate this"
1172	MMOWarrior	2013-04-15	I'm usually pretty forgiving about things on the show that most book readers get upset about. I just don't let things bother me too much as I take the show as it is. But the song at the end of this episode I absolutely hated it it yanked me right out of the mood of the scene and pretty much ruined one of the best moments of the show so far.
1173	shiola	2013-04-15	I think everyone who felt it was jarring are missing the point that that was exactly the way you were supposed to feel. Sort of like Jamie losing his hand. I thought it was brilliant.What even.  I think most of us understand why the creators did it.  If we think it's jarring and don't like it, that doesn't mean we missed the point.  And we aren't supposed to feel anything.  We are supposed to watch the show and decide for ourselves what we like or don't like.  Why generalize it like that and insinuate that we are watching the show incorrectly?
1174	shiola	2013-04-15	Actually, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau acting took me out of the action. Waiting to scream until he realized he got his hand chopped off worked as a WTF moment for me.That bothered me too.  But then my friend reminded me that sometimes when that happens, or when people break bones, your body goes into shock and you don't feel it.  I knew a girl once whose arm broke during our gym class and the bone was sticking out.  She didn't notice it for a second until she looked at it.  So maybe it was supposed to be like that?  Even if it's more "realistic" that way, I also found it strange.
1175	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	Immediate reaction: "What the, did someone loop the wrong music for the end credits?"
After realising it was tBatMF as a rock cover: "Oh, it's tBatMF as a rock cover, weird but OK I guess"
My sister (a non-reader): "WTF was that shit?"
They went for something (I don't know what) with that ending music, but I think it missed the mark for most people. So a bit of a mis-step if you're going to put weight on the majority view.
1176	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-15	I personally loved it. Can't really blame anyone who didn't like it, but I feel it did what D&D wanted it to, which was to project the jarring nature of the scene onto the audience...I think this worked for most of the non-reader audience, and the fact that it seems to be almost a fifty-fifty split between book readers is a win for D&D. 
I wouldn't worry about it if you didn't like it though, as I'm certain it's not a slippery slope to bieber-izing the end credits from here on out. The writers have taken great care to be as true as possible to the books and make a great series, so i dont think theyd randomly mess something like this without a clear reason. As they said, it was a clear and purposful device, not some arbitrary stunt that they'll be repeating...As show-Stannis would say, "They've played their little trick. They can only play it once."
Also, I haven't heard this yet, and maybe it's just me..But the show is only going to get more gruesome from here on out. And eventhough it's HBO, they still might be trying to tame some of the violence where they can as not to put off people too much....But thats just speculation really.
1177	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	That bothered me too.  But then my friend reminded me that sometimes when that happens, or when people break bones, your body goes into shock and you don't feel it.  I knew a girl once whose arm broke during our gym class and the bone was sticking out.  She didn't notice it for a second until she looked at it.  So maybe it was supposed to be like that?  Even if it's more "realistic" that way, I also found it strange.It was the lack of arterial blod spurting all over the place that I found wrong about that scene, it needed that Monty Python touch. The acting was fine.
1178	Areo Speedwagon	2013-04-15	I didn't really care for it.  The team spends so much time, effort, and money into creating this seamless world you can fall into every week and in the span of one eighth note, they instantly ripped me out of it..  The credits are such a good time to wind down, 'decompress' maybe.  I agree with whoever said above, why couldn't they have just used the version from the episode?  I thought that was great.
Also, someone said it above "it made me forget about Jamie."  A friend of mine said that as well.  You can not like the song, the style, whatever.  And it's D&D's show, they can do what they want.  But when you include a music cue that's so jarring it makes you forget about what is most likely one of the most transformative experiences in the life of one of your major characters... that's just poor storytelling. 
That being said, I kind of like the song itself.  I though it had a 'Pogues'-esque kind of lilt to it, it was fun.  A good version of a medival tavern drinking song done by a current band.
1179	Silverx2	2013-04-15	I'm excited to see Robb stark start rocking nike swooshes on his armor.
/knights tale references.
1180	Nezzer	2013-04-15	I like the song, but I hated it as a credits song. I am not a fan of anachronism (yeah, I didn't like the Seven Devils trailer).
1181	Lord Godric	2013-04-15	D&D referred to this as a "jarring juxtaposition" which was the exact phrasing I used when I heard the song, but they seemed to think it was clever and awesome when really it partly ruined Jaime's scene.
1182	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Don't know if this was posted but if not, it needed to be
1183	Juliads	2013-04-15	Absolute NAY /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
I've exhausted myself explaining why i disliked the ending music so much.  Suffice it to say the music felt out of place and really stole my focus away from the traumatic ending. Not cool GOT, not cool!
1184	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-15	When the song first started playing, I actually thought it was a mistake. This yanked me SO HARD out of the end scene (which I otherwise LOVED) that I didn't have time to savor what had just happened. Not a good move, in my opinion.This.Personally, I was confused they didn't use the first rendition of the Bear and the Maiden Fair, that they sung in the middle of the show.Cause that one made me actually say "wow".And also this.
1185	Khal Porno	2013-04-15	Actually, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau acting took me out of the action. Waiting to scream until he realized he got his hand chopped off worked as a WTF moment for me.And, with the illusion kind of off, I liked the song. A happy music, but more related to the Westerosi universe, would have blended with the scene instead of breaking away that much from it. I also think, though, that Jaime had to scream when he was cut, and not after, for that to happen. But it wasn't the intend, though.Actually I've heard this happens sometimes when someone loses a hand or a foot or something, that they are so shocked that they don't even feel the pain for a few seconds because they can't even comprehend what's happened to them.I personally thought that was extraordinary.However, the music was a tremendously poor choice in my opinion.  It didn't ruin the scene as a whole for me, but it definitely sucked the drama out of it and made me laugh. Thank God that happened after the scene and not during it.
1186	Messiah X	2013-04-15	I didn't like either version (I guess the punk rock version was worse). Decent song, BAD Bear and the Maiden Fair. It didn't feel much like the whimsical drinking song it was supposed to be. Try and imagine Butterbump cartwheeling and backflipping around the room while keeping up with that tempo? The song was too complex and epic for The Bear and the Maiden Fair, despite it actually being a pretty good tune, it was just all wrong for that song. Posted this already in the nitpick thread, although a bit more detailed.
EDIT: The contrast between the song and the previous scene didn't bother me all that much. I thought it was a bit odd at first, but it didn't break the ending for me. I just don't like the way that song was written for the show
					
					
							Edited by Messiah X, 15 April 2013 - 11:35 PM.
1187	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Spoiler It would have been far better suited for the episode titled 'The Bear and The Maiden Fair', Especially since that episode ends on such a positive note.

					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 15 April 2013 - 11:33 PM.
1188	Dove	2013-04-15	Yeah, the actual reaction itself is quite realistic. In the case of sudden shock like that you don't react right away. It would've been weird if he did.The credit sequence music is understandably polarizing but the scene itself is undeniably brilliant imo. The unexpectedness, the last little twitch his hand gives, and then Jaime's reaction... I thought it was great.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 11:34 PM.
1189	Khal Porno	2013-04-15	The other thing is that just the very fact that Jamie had his hand chopped off, and so suddenly, is jarring.  The silly music is unnecessary to get that effect.  I knew it was coming and it was still shocking.  So anyway.  Too bad about the music, but at least it was only in the credits and not score.
1190	Khal Porno	2013-04-15	Yeah, the actual reaction itself is quite realistic. In the case of sudden shock like that you don't react right away. It would've been weird if he did.The credit sequence music is understandably polarizing but the scene itself is undeniably brilliant imo. The unexpectedness, the last little twitch his hand gives, and then Jaime's reaction... I thought it was great.Agreed, I thought it was fantastic.  And an excellent example of how knowing what's going to happen doesn't necessarily ruin the experience.
1191	LordStoneheart	2013-04-15	I thought it was great.  At this point, a lot of viewers don't like Jamie.  They might feel like he got what he deserved.  Having somber credits might seem like we are all supposed to feel sorry for him in the same way that we felt sad after Ned, or after hundreds of people died in the Blackwater.  The song was appropriate.  He was being arrogant, then WHAM!   Don't forget, not that long ago, he threw Bran out a window, then killed all Ned Stark's people.  The upbeat song afterward was sarcastic..  it was tongue in cheek for all those people out there that went... "What? Holy Sh*t!" then cracked up.Of course, being a book reader, my feelings on Jamie are...  complex...  but in this point in the story..  absolutely.He did get what he deserved >:]
1192	a white raven	2013-04-15	I'm so shocked that some people "loved it". Even if I completely separate it from the series and judge it on musical quality alone, it's just not good. Not "vicious, chop, rock, whatever" at all...I could appreciate a smattering of punk rock, but that, there is no way around it, it just sucked.
1193	DivisionByZero	2013-04-15	The Neon Genesis Evangelion series ended each episode with a different version of Fly Me to the Moon.  There was one episode that had a particularly physically and mentally brutal ending that was then followed by the most upbeat version of Fly Me to the Moon ever.  This reminded me of that.
I'm not 100% convinced it did what it should have here, but I didn't hate it either.
1194	victim	2013-04-16	I love the Hold Steady but their rendition of The Bear and the Maiden Fair did not fit the ending to this episode. That said, it's not that a big deal. It's only the credits.
1195	Nictarion	2013-04-16	I had no problem with it. It would not have been my personal choice,  but I didn't find it as jarring as most. I think it might have worked better to have a gap between the end of the show and the music.
1196	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	If they've done  it for every episode, they will do it for every episode to come, I'd imagine.  
	Spoiler Turn off the TV as fast as you can and drown in your sorrow before the ad strikes?  Gods know after we see the RW, I will be out of commission and will not accept interaction from anyone-- in the form of commercials or in person.
Nope. This was announced last year, and they've only done it with the Hold Steady this year. They're probably only going to do 1 indie band version a year.. This is getting ridiculous anyway. The end credits took people out of the mood? In case noone noticed, they also list all the names involved in production, hardly part of the immersive experience. Get over it.
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 16 April 2013 - 12:11 AM.
1197	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	i hated it. i thought they ought to have shown the end of the greatest swordsman with a little more maturity
but my non book reading friends loved it. somehow they thought jamie deserved it.
1198	Cravensbayne	2013-04-16	I thought it was terrible and out of place. I would a rather had Castamere's play. Something with a somber tone to match the scene. Great episode, however bad the credits were.
1199	MoAt	2013-04-16	i hated it. i thought they ought to have shown the end of the greatest swordsman with a little more maturitybut my non book reading friends loved it. somehow they thought jamie deserved it.As someone already stated in this thread, that's where anyone at that point in the story should be about Jamie. You're looking back from a much different place in his arc. I LOVED IT. In fact, I was surprised at just how brilliant I thought it was upon initial viewing. Made me SMILE BIG. Still makes me smile big. Wonderful scene, great timing, then AWESOME end credits.
1200	victim	2013-04-16	Nope. This was announced last year, and they've only done it with the Hold Steady this year. They're probably only going to do 1 indie band version a year..Vis was referring to ads for other tv shows playing during the credits.
1201	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	TERRIBLE.
What's next, a new version of "Rock the Casbah." "Jamie don't like it.....Rock the Kingslayer, rock the Kingslayer..."
Or a hip hop version of "Rains of Castermere"?  "Yeah....yeah...and who are you, mutherf*cker, to make me bow so motherf*ckin' low....Casterly Rock up in the house, biatches!"
 "A Knight's Tale" did so well with forcing modern songs into a medieval movie.
"You miss the point!  It was a supposed to be jarring!"  It was already jarring.  We don't need help from a song that doesn't fit telling us to be jarred.
Classic example of a show getting too cute for its own good.  Jumping the shark.
1202	MoAt	2013-04-16	Vis was referring to ads for other tv shows playing during the credits.On what station in what country does that happen?
1203	bluemoon	2013-04-16	Thought it was fantastic, fitted in well with the sheer madness of the final scene.
					
					
							Edited by bluemoon, 16 April 2013 - 01:51 AM.
1204	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	On what station in what country does that happen?TNT does it in America - they split the screen in half, while the credits fly by on one side, a quick promo for "an upcoming Southland" show on another.
					
					
							Edited by WinterisAlwaysComing, 16 April 2013 - 01:14 AM.
1205	victim	2013-04-16	On what station in what country does that happen?All the networks in Australia do it too.
1206	victim	2013-04-16	<U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,<U+0080><U+009D> Weiss says. <U+0080><U+009C>To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There<U+0080><U+0099>s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer <U+0080><U+0094> <U+0080>Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,<U+0080><U+0099><U+0080><U+009D> adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. <U+0080><U+009C>What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body <U+0080><U+0094> it<U+0080><U+0099>s a sad ending <U+0080><U+0094> but then we cut to black and it<U+0080><U+0099>s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] <U+0080>Blue Moon.<U+0080><U+0099> And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.<U+0080><U+009D>
1207	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-16	YupI just started laughing because it didn't fit at allI think that was kinda the point. TO cause a shock. A lot of people didn't even know the song is part of the book.
1208	bent branch	2013-04-16	Hated it. It detracted from the final scene.
1209	Pearl Snow	2013-04-16	it was an unexpected surprise, that I surprisingly.....liked /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1210	sennahoj	2013-04-16	I was surprised too and I think it worked well. Liked it better than the Rains of Castamere version by the National. Actually, the punk version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair reminded me of It's the End of the World by REM, at least the beginning.
1211	Chuck88	2013-04-16	I've changed my opinion on it about 50 times already.
I think a lot of people are maybe a little annoyed with it because they watched the episode in a 'creative' way and the song started playing whilst Locke was in the middle of speaking.
1212	Sun	2013-04-16	My reaction was WTF!! and pressing the mute button.
1213	Holdfast	2013-04-16	Didn't like it - felt it was out of sync with all previous closing music.  Sounded jarring to me, too modern and just out of place in my ASoIaF world.  Overall a really bad rendition and have heard better.  One of the few disappoinments in an otherwise really good episode.
1214	Dragonstoned	2013-04-16	Thought it was an example of D&D thinking 'this is cool so let's put it in the show!', and actually it's not.
1215	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-04-16	It was crap.
1216	Clueless Northman	2013-04-16	This proves that "It's not in the book but it sounds cool" is rarely if ever a good reasoning when adapting books to TV or movie.
1217	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	This proves that "It's not in the book but it sounds cool" is rarely if ever a good reasoning when adapting books to TV or movie.Doesnt prove shit. If anything, it proves that people don't like punk rock, and are ridiculously obsessive over closing credits. The main reason this complaint occurred was that many people torrented the episode illegally, with a messed up audio sync at the end. Now tons of people are covering it up by saying that it didnt even fit in the closing credits. Closing credits are not part of the episode, its quite clearly separated from the show. There listing all the names of the production members for christsake, you have quite clearly left the show when the credits start rolling.
1218	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-16	I can't believe some people are petty enough to complain about a song playing over the credits. Honestly.
1219	David Selig	2013-04-16	Honestly I barely noticed it, I've long grown completely immune to jarring end credits music from watching The West Wing way too many times (if you don't know what i am talking about, it has a really cheery and upbeat ending credits music, even though most episodes end in a completely different mood).
1220	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	I prefer the Irish Moutarde's version of the song: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=zJ0rzsNfmIc
1221	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	To my everlasting shame I must admit I don't usually watch the end credits, so I didn't knew about the song until I read about it here on the forums.
I think the producers wanted to make these credits memorable, and by the amount of controversy that song stirred here, they managed to do exactly that.
I for one will remember that the song for the credits in episode 3 of season 3 GoT was a little off for the rest of my life, a thing I can't say for any other movie/TV show I watched so far.
1222	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-16	The more I watch that scene and it's cut to the credits, the more I like it. Don't really understand the complaint that it's 'not historical' but do understand the argument that it was not in keeping with the theme of the series. However, to be frank - that was the point.
1223	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-16	That and NONE of the closing credit songs are 100% accurate of the period.
Also, they didn't have TV back then either, so me watching this whole thing on television is ruining my immersion.
1224	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-16	I prefer the Irish Moutarde's version of the song: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=zJ0rzsNfmIcOkay, THAT was awesome. Bagpipe solo!!But I still wouldn't have wanted it in the closing credits of this epi.
1225	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	It was a little weird, but it's not something that I honestly care about that much.  I don't typically pay much attention to end credit songs.  The only time I paid close attention and cared was when they used the Rains of Castamere at the end of the Blackwater episode and I do think that worked much better.
As for the song itself, I definitely preferred the in-episode version as opposed to the end-credits one. The credits version (sorry don't know who sung it) was pretty annoying and just sounded like a bunch of garbled up noise.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 16 April 2013 - 07:44 AM.
1226	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-16	It sucked and ruined the ending for me. I'm quite sure "meh, this music sucks" was not the reaction they wanted to provoke. If they did, well then, good job.
1227	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	I didn't mind the song itself, the version was good, but I'm partial to punk.
I mind that instead of using the composer who has created fantastic, appropriate music for the series from the beginning they decided for some odd reason that in this case they couldn't imagine him doing it, and went for a cheap shock value trick instead.
1228	Vedocorban	2013-04-16	David: Well, we saw this scene in a movie where a guy cuts off another guy's ear while "Stuck in the Middle with You" plays in the background...
Dan: .... and we said to ourselves, "How can WE create that kind of jarring juxtaposition????"
1229	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	David: Well, we saw this scene in a movie where a guy cuts off another guy's ear while "Stuck in the Middle with You" plays in the background...Dan: .... and we said to ourselves, "How can WE create that kind of jarring juxtaposition????"Yeah, they should just let Quentin Tarrantino direct all the episodes from here on out if that is the direction they want to go in.
1230	Clueless Northman	2013-04-16	Doesnt prove shit. If anything, it proves that people don't like punk rock, and are ridiculously obsessive over closing credits. The main reason this complaint occurred was that many people torrented the episode illegally, with a messed up audio sync at the end. Now tons of people are covering it up by saying that it didnt even fit in the closing credits. Closing credits are not part of the episode, its quite clearly separated from the show. Actually, some of the most torrented stuff have the audio perfectly right.And I actually tend to like rock, Clash, Pogues, Stooges and other stuff (definitely better than metal and hip hop for instance).On the other hand, I prefer continuity, and credits definitely are part of the show. Just look at S01E09 and Ned's death, and several other key episodes ending with violence or shocking moments, where they took great care of using appropriate music.If you're doing a late 20th/21st century show, sure, just do it, But using modern-sounding music with obviously ancient settings is a definitive no-no for me (say, using punk for a medieval setting, or having people singing We will rock you at a tourney), and is the peak of idiocy. But that's not even the issue here, the issue being that it's a very badly-chosen piece to put with what just happened before.So - and the above quote confirms it -, my case still stands: if you want to put something in just because "it sounds cool", odds are that it won't be cool and will be either dumb or awful. Not that it seems to stop Peter Jackson from doing it again with the Hobbit trilogy, of course... (saying this as someone with a globally really positive opinion of the LOTR movies /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> )
1231	nara	2013-04-16	Hated it.  I thought that it was completely out of place.  A modern, rebellious song could have worked, but that one didn't.  Also, thought they should have maintained a few seconds of silence before going to whatever song they chose.
1232	House Hodorgaryan	2013-04-16	what justification? Is there a link??Spoiler below for the end of season 3 episode 3
	Spoiler David and Dan on the credit song;<U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,<U+0080><U+009D> Weiss says. <U+0080><U+009C>To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There<U+0080><U+0099>s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer <U+0080><U+0094> <U+0080>Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,<U+0080><U+0099><U+0080><U+009D> adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. <U+0080><U+009C>What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body <U+0080><U+0094> it<U+0080><U+0099>s a sad ending <U+0080><U+0094> but then we cut to black and it<U+0080><U+0099>s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] <U+0080>Blue Moon.<U+0080><U+0099> And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.<U+0080><U+009D> 

					
					
							Edited by House Hodorgaryan, 16 April 2013 - 08:41 AM.
1233	Don Roberto	2013-04-16	The idea itself isn't bad, it has been done a lot, with varying degrees of success (it's actually becoming somewhat of a cliche). But it was horribly done here, in my opinion. Didn't fit the mood of the scene or the show, an came off as more of a cheap trick than a strike of creativity.
1234	DurararaFTW	2013-04-16	I really didn't like it.
1235	7swans	2013-04-16	As for the song itself, I definitely preferred the in-episode version as opposed to the end-credits one. The credits version (sorry don't know who sung it) was pretty annoying and just sounded like a bunch of garbled up noise.Agreed.  As a reader I was prepared for what was to happen but that didn't lessen the horror of watching it happen and to have that terrible rendition intrude was completely jarring and took you totally out of the moment.  Hopefully they won't do something similar with the RW.
1236	7swans	2013-04-16	Spoiler below for the end of season 3 episode 3
	Spoiler David and Dan on the credit song;&ldquo;It&rsquo;s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,&rdquo; Weiss says. &ldquo;To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There&rsquo;s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.&rdquo;&ldquo;I can&rsquo;t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer &mdash; &lsquo;Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,&rsquo;&rdquo; adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. &ldquo;What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body &mdash; it&rsquo;s a sad ending &mdash; but then we cut to black and it&rsquo;s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] &lsquo;Blue Moon.&rsquo; And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.&rdquo; 
Sorry, in no way can what was played at the end of the episode be compared to a classic song like 'Blue Moon'
1237	mafalda	2013-04-16	When the song first started playing, I actually thought it was a mistake. This yanked me SO HARD out of the end scene (which I otherwise LOVED) that I didn't have time to savor what had just happened. Not a good move, in my opinion.This is EXACTLY how I felt. I did like the version of the song I just didn't like it for that moment. Another poster on another thread mentioned it felt like the end to a Jackass movie, lol.They should have just used the regular end credits music for that episode. Then used rock BAMF for another episode. Maybe the one titled BAMF. Or an episode that doesn't have such a shocking ending you know? I mean I saw it coming but it was still a shocking ending!
1238	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	Sorry, in no way can what was played at the end of the episode be compared to a classic song like 'Blue Moon'Also worth remembering is that An American Werewolf in London had a lot of camp moments, it was by no means a straight horror film, and was also set in a modern setting, so a long like Blue Moon fit much better with the overall tone of the movie.So, its even stranger that D & D see some sort of parallel between that and GOT.
1239	Lord Godric	2013-04-16	<U+0093>It<U+0092>s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,<U+0094> Weiss says. <U+0093>To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There<U+0092>s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.<U+0094><U+0093>I can<U+0092>t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer <U+0097> <U+0091>Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,<U+0092><U+0094> adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. <U+0093>What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body <U+0097> it<U+0092>s a sad ending <U+0097> but then we cut to black and it<U+0092>s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] <U+0091>Blue Moon.<U+0092> And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.<U+0094>They wanted the jarring juxtaposition and got it, but it ruined one of the best scenes of the best episodes.
1240	KoishNoish	2013-04-16	I thought that something was up with my TV originally. Personally I think they should've used the one used halfway through that episode but for all those complaining it pulled you out of the scene after it there's usually an ad or something anyway. I didn't mind all that much.
1241	Tadco26	2013-04-16	Disliked it, but I turned it off after a few seconds so it didn't ruin the episode or anything.
1242	The Mighty Conch	2013-04-16	I did not like it. I was watching on HBO Go and immediately stopped the show and didn't watch the end credits. I don't care that it doesnt "fit the time period", it was all about the pace and mood it sent.
1243	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	The problem with the song is that it's got to get over two hurdles.  First, is it okay to have a song that is jarringly out of place stylisticly/mood wise with the setting/mood of the action, and second, is the song itself likely something that a lot of folks would like?
For me, I just didn't like the song, and it seemed so out of place that I wondered if there was something wrong with the fee.  I don't know whether my reaction would have been different if  it would have been some other out-of-place song.  At least a song that fits the mood/setting, even if not a very good song, is something that likely won't actively annoy people.  The reaction would be just "meh" rather than "I really hated that".  It was a gamble almost doomed to fail IMHO.
1244	greensleeves	2013-04-16	I liked it. (Just responding so you get a better sample /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
1245	BananaSpice	2013-04-16	The more I think about it, the more I like it, I think.
I liked the juxtaposition, honestly, which is what they were going for. I mean, I've loved the first three episodes, but there is a consensus that the first two eps were "establishing" the story episodes. I feel like the song jolted the audience even further into the "shit is getting real" territory of this season.
Also, it was almost like a smirk to book readers (and I guess even show watchers who pay a lot of attention) ... like, OMG The Bear and the Maiden Fair ... punk rock ... haha wow! You can't pretend like this story isn't being appreciated and loved by modern audiences, and there are so many parodies and such. I dunno, it's hard to explain, but I just think it worked.
1246	ServantOnIce	2013-04-16	I did not like it    . .
1247	SilentSense	2013-04-16	It kinda startled me. I thought it was awful.
1248	samih	2013-04-16	Spoiler below for the end of season 3 episode 3
	Spoiler David and Dan on the credit song;<U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,<U+0080><U+009D> Weiss says. <U+0080><U+009C>To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There<U+0080><U+0099>s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer <U+0080><U+0094> <U+0080>Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,<U+0080><U+0099><U+0080><U+009D> adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. <U+0080><U+009C>What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body <U+0080><U+0094> it<U+0080><U+0099>s a sad ending <U+0080><U+0094> but then we cut to black and it<U+0080><U+0099>s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] <U+0080>Blue Moon.<U+0080><U+0099> And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.<U+0080><U+009D> 
Thanks!
1249	King of Winters	2013-04-16	The more I think about it, the more I like it, I think.Same here. I think it's a good rhythm that they played to. I would have liked it if they released a longer version like they did with 'The Raines of Castamere', but overall I liked it.
1250	Dragon Peppers	2013-04-16	Intellectually, I get it. But my immediate reaction as a viewer was to find my remote and the mute button. 
As others have said, the scene was jarring enough in its own right. I wanted to stay in that feeling of shock/horror a few moments to reflect on its full impact and implications. But then, BAM! The moment was gone and my mind was forced instead to make sense of the song. "Oh, gee, it's the new version of BAMF" is not the sort of closing insight I can chew on for awhile after turning off the TV. It's as if the song effectively severed my imaginative connection to the world of the show. 
Again, I understand the soundtrack dissonance strategy in theory, but I don't feel like they thought it through that carefully when applying it here.
ETA: fixed typo
					
					
							Edited by Dragon Peppers, 16 April 2013 - 01:37 PM.
1251	shiola	2013-04-16	This is getting ridiculous anyway. The end credits took people out of the mood? In case noone noticed, they also list all the names involved in production, hardly part of the immersive experience. Get over it.What?  This thread is for discussing how the end credits made us feel.  No one in this thread needs to get over anything.
1252	Morrigan	2013-04-16	Doesnt prove shit. If anything, it proves that people don't like punk rock, and are ridiculously obsessive over closing credits. The main reason this complaint occurred was that many people torrented the episode illegally, with a messed up audio sync at the end. Now tons of people are covering it up by saying that it didnt even fit in the closing credits.Yeah, it couldn't be because they genuinely disliked it. No sir. It's obviously because they're "covering up" something. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />"Get over yourself", indeed.Closing credits are not part of the episode, its quite clearly separated from the show. There listing all the names of the production members for christsake, you have quite clearly left the show when the credits start rolling.Right. And the intro too lists cast members. So the intro isn't part of the show, right? They list actors and stuff. That means the intro could be anything. Forget that pretty CG and the pretty song, it could be replaced by a jpop song over dancing cheerleaders and real-world footage. I mean, why not, using your own logic? It's not like intros and outros, and the music that accompanies them, ever set the mood or atmosphere... right?I can't believe some people are petty enough to complain about a song playing over the credits. Honestly.What's pettiness got to do with it? And what's with the personal attacks?That and NONE of the closing credit songs are 100% accurate of the period.Also, they didn't have TV back then either, so me watching this whole thing on television is ruining my immersion.Trolling, right?What?  This thread is for discussing how the end credits made us feel.  No one in this thread needs to get over anything.I wonder whatever happened to the "if you don't like the thread, don't read/post in it" attitude. You know, kind of like "if you hate the show that much [nevermind that we do like it despite being critical of it], stop watching it!" they love to trot out... /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ok gonna try to count votes now.
1253	dreamcatcher	2013-04-16	Loved it.
1254	brevator	2013-04-16	I've watched it 3 times now and I think it's great.  It reminds me of the end of "Goodfellas" when the Sid Vicious version of "My Way" starts to play.  Yes it's a slap in the face, but that's kinda the point.
					
					
							Edited by brevator, 16 April 2013 - 02:17 PM.
1255	GoldenFleece	2013-04-16	Worse thing ever in the Game of Thrones TV series. Totally out of place.  Sucked me out of the moment.
What next? Jay-Z rapping Rains of Castamere at the end of RW?
Horrific.
1256	Morrigan	2013-04-16	Ok, so far (up to GoldenFleece's post above) I've counted the following votes (tried to exclude duplicate posts and the likes) out of 89 votes:Yay: 29 (33%)Nay: 54 (61%)Meh (mostly indifferent): 6 (6%)Totally scientific poll, I know. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Still, interesting, hmm?
1257	Dragon Peppers	2013-04-16	Thanks, Morrigan, for creating the thread-poll and tallying up the numbers! 
My (very unscientific) sense is that this spread wouldn't be too far off the percentages we'd see in a poll using a much larger sampling of this episode's viewers.
1258	Sofokles	2013-04-16	It was kinda random and i suppose it was meant to be that way.
1259	MoAt	2013-04-16	TNT does it in America - they split the screen in half, while the credits fly by on one side, a quick promo for "an upcoming Southland" show on another.I meant where does that happen with Game of Thrones.
1260	MoAt	2013-04-16	Doesnt prove shit. If anything, it proves that people don't like punk rock, and are ridiculously obsessive over closing credits. The main reason this complaint occurred was that many people torrented the episode illegally, with a messed up audio sync at the end. Now tons of people are covering it up by saying that it didnt even fit in the closing credits. Closing credits are not part of the episode, its quite clearly separated from the show. There listing all the names of the production members for christsake, you have quite clearly left the show when the credits start rolling. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1261	Rain of Castamere	2013-04-16	i thought it was realy disturbing and off putting.
its so vastly different from all the other credit songs so far and imo does not fit into the series and setting at all.
dont know what drove them to this..
1262	greensleeves	2013-04-16	Thanks, Morrigan, for creating the thread-poll and tallying up the numbers!My (very unscientific) sense is that this spread wouldn't be too far off the percentages we'd see in a poll using a much larger sampling of this episode's viewers.There's a very large sampling bias involved.  Firstly, in favor of people who care enough about the show to post on Westeros.  Then secondly, in favor of people who are upset enough to look at this particular thread.   I only posted because I care about sampling.The actual percentages probably have more in the 'meh' and 'like' columns, but we have no way of judging the true effect size.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 16 April 2013 - 03:30 PM.
1263	MoAt	2013-04-16	i thought it was realy disturbing and off putting.its so vastly different from all the other credit songs so far and imo does not fit into the series and setting at all.dont know what drove them to this..This:
	Spoiler David and Dan on the credit song;<U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,<U+0080><U+009D> Weiss says. <U+0080><U+009C>To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There<U+0080><U+0099>s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer <U+0080><U+0094> <U+0080>Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,<U+0080><U+0099><U+0080><U+009D> adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. <U+0080><U+009C>What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body <U+0080><U+0094> it<U+0080><U+0099>s a sad ending <U+0080><U+0094> but then we cut to black and it<U+0080><U+0099>s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] <U+0080>Blue Moon.<U+0080><U+0099> And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.<U+0080><U+009D>
There's a very large sampling bias involved.  Firstly, in favor of people who care enough about the show to post on Westeros.  Then secondly, in favor of people who are upset enough to look at this particular thread.   I only posted because I care about sampling.The actual percentages probably have more in the 'meh' and 'like' columns, but we have no way of judging the true effect size. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1264	greatgeek	2013-04-16	I like it, and am learning to love it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1265	DragonsHungry	2013-04-16	Loved it. Awesome song to end the episode.
1266	Ponder	2013-04-16	I prefer the Irish Moutarde's version of the song: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=zJ0rzsNfmIcLikewise. I've loved that version ever since it was posted to these boards by one of the band members (http://asoiaf.wester...k-rock-version/) early last year. Regarding the jarring of the scene, I though it was wonderfully done. My non-book wife was in shock, and thought the WTF aspect of the music was perfect.
1267	Syphon the Sanitator	2013-04-16	Personally, I was confused they didn't use the first rendition of the Bear and the Maiden Fair, that they sung in the middle of the show.Cause that one made me actually say "wow".Yes! I agree so much! I like music like that fine enough, but the Bolton man has a good voice, and Bear and Maiden Fair is just a song that I imagine is a bawdy song sung by people on the road.In the book, Jon remarks that one of the wights that came back and attacked the Lord Commander was Otho, who sang bawdy songs as he went away with Jon's uncle and the others on that fateful ranging. It's exactly that kind of song.Edit: I see where David and Dan are coming from, though...Oh, and this as well:Funny thing is, I watched the episode online and in the version I was watching for some reason the song started playing before his hand was cut off. I was like, "Ama the end credits like it was supposed to be, but literally having it inserted in the middle of an intense and dramatic scene ruined it for me. Obviously, haha. I had the same. The Bolton man was still talking and poking Jaime in the eye with his dagger.
					
					
							Edited by Syphon the Sanitator, 16 April 2013 - 04:31 PM.
1268	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	Worse thing ever in the Game of Thrones TV series. Totally out of place.  Sucked me out of the moment.What next? Jay-Z rapping Rains of Castamere at the end of RW?Horrific.Took the words out of my mouth.And to those who says, "You obviously just hate punk rock," that argument makes no sense.  I love hip hop, but would hate to have a Roots version of "The Bear and the Maiden Fair."To those who say, "Credits aren't part of the show," why not have more modern pop songs?  Why not have Justin Timberlake sing the opening credits?  Why not have Daft Punk close the "Blackwater" episode?
1269	MoAt	2013-04-16	Why not have Daft Punk close the "Blackwater" episode?That would have been AWESOME, considering it was so perfect for that extended trailer this season.
1270	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	I meant where does that happen with Game of Thrones.Doesn't happen in America on HBO.  HBO never interrupts its own shows to promote anything.  Then between shows, it briefly promotes its other shows.
1271	skhansa1559	2013-04-16	I watched it with my girlfriend and three sisters. One of my sisters and I have read all 5 books, my girlfriend is in the middle of book 4, and my other two sisters haven't read any books but have watched the series.
I got what they were going for and liked it.
My sister who read the books had to think about it for a second but she liked it (Jaime is her favorite character)
My girlfriend was jarred by it and didn't like it on second thought either.
One of my non reading sisters didn't get it, then I explained it to her and she was "neutrally negative". The other flat out hated it on a music genre "period correctness" basis.
So I can submit to the survey: 2 reader likes, 1 reader dislike, 1 non reader meh, and 1 non reader dislike.
1272	MoAt	2013-04-16	Doesn't happen in America on HBO.  HBO never interrupts its own shows to promote anything.  Then between shows, it briefly promotes its other shows.Yes. I know. I live in CA. Which is why I was asking the question in the first place. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1273	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	Yes. I know. I live in CA. Which is why I was asking the question in the first place. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Ah, me too.  Then I don't know.Glad the "Nay's" are winning, though!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Ok, so far (up to GoldenFleece's post above) I've counted the following votes (tried to exclude duplicate posts and the likes) out of 89 votes:Yay: 29 (33%)Nay: 54 (61%)Meh (mostly indifferent): 6 (6%)Totally scientific poll, I know. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Still, interesting, hmm?
1274	Wings	2013-04-16	I see what they were aiming for, but they missed.
Playing The Bear and the Maiden Fair would have been enough - that song so doesn't fit the scene, it would have made the point anyway. But this ridiculous punkrock version was way off. It ruined the scene for me.
1275	FaHaZe	2013-04-16	They should have totally used this song after Ned Stark's beheading  http://www.youtube.c...h?v=auzfTPp4moA  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1276	Pretty Meris	2013-04-16	Absolutely loved it! I was so tense and caught up in the whole episode, especially in the final scene because I knew what was coming. It was a brilliant shock to the senses, and a jarring surprise for the reader / non reader audience alike.
1277	cybobbie	2013-04-16	The first time I watched I didn't stayed in front of the TV long enough to really feel the change from the final scene to the music when the credits started, but when I watched it again I kind of liked, I mean it just wasn't my favorite version of the music.
1278	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	My guess is that the vast majority of non-message board people did not know that was a different version of the song that appeared earlier.  To most, it just sounded like some random punk song.
The explanation given by the writers "we couldn't ask a composer to write a piece of music that would fit" suggest its own solution -- maybe complete silence, with no music over the credits, was the better idea.
The example given of "jarring juxtaposition" that inspired them came at the end of a movie, when you're leaving an audience with the final emotion for the story you've just told.  There is no need for continuity moving forward. 
This scene wasn't a final scene, and will be built on in successive weeks.  SIlence to contemplate the import of what you've just scene, and consider it moving forward, seems a much better choice to me.  After all, what it means for Jaime to lose his hand is incredibly interesting moving forward.  But instead of leaving you to ponder that, you're completely jerked out of the scene, and left thinking about the music rather than the loss of the hand.
Weird choice.
1279	boojam	2013-04-16	My question is why did they play it this episode?
Does it not fit with an upcoming episode?
Readers know which one.
And no I did not like that version , and think the reasons given for using it are wacky.
1280	The Others Take Ya	2013-04-16	I get what they were trying to do, but I didn't like it. I think the execution was off and would have preferred to see a few more beats of Jamie screaming his head off, Locke laughing, and, as someone pointed out a few pages back, a bit more blood, Monty Python style. I expected more of the twisted stuff to come from the situation, not a weird, non period song.
It makes me wonder if this version of the song was picked before D&D adapted the scene from its content in the book. (no spoilers thread, being intentionally vague here)
1281	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-16	Mood whiplash and totally jarring.Florina approved!Yeah. I enjoyed it. There was some real gallows humor/dark comedy about that end credits song right after that scene. I love that shit.
1282	Shitmouth the Wise	2013-04-16	Reminded me a bit too much of True Blood in the way it followed a gruesome/jarring last scene with an upbeat song, as if to be ironic or humorous.  Just doesn't seem to be in keeping with the GoT asthetic, as this show has never even attempted to do anything similar.  To start doing so now, and to do it using a modern-sounding song, is just a complete departure.
1283	Dragon Doll	2013-04-16	I liked the song, but found it was very out of place at that moment. Perhaps it would be better suited to have been at the end of ep 2.
I agree that it was way too True Blood (i like True Blood but its just not the same).
1284	The Dude	2013-04-16	At first I just liked it a lot. Now after reading so many complaints I've found that I love it!
1285	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	It didn't bother me as much after the second viewing, but it's still kind of weird.
1286	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-16	...This is getting ridiculous anyway. The end credits took people out of the mood? In case noone noticed, they also list all the names involved in production, hardly part of the immersive experience. Get over it.Eh, now you're being a bit overly simplistic here. There's a reason people stay for the credits after movies and such. And it's not only just to spy the name of a relative that was an extra or grip on the production or to wait for Nick Fury to show up. There's a reason there are end title music sequences to a film, too. Those reasons are to hello the audience process what they've just experienced. So it's a legitimate gripe that people have in the music not allowing them to do that.Personally, after watching it a second time, I liked it more. I thought the rock version of the song served to better put me in Jaime's mindset in those final seconds of the show--a total WTF?!!? feeling of disorientation. Loud, jaunty, anachronistic rock music following such a gruesome scene obviously got people feeling unsettled. Brilliant bit of audience manipulation by D&D.
1287	Volantis	2013-04-17	That song ruined the episode
1288	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Eh, now you're being a bit overly simplistic here. There's a reason people stay for the credits after movies and such. And it's not only just to spy the name of a relative that was an extra or grip on the production or to wait for Nick Fury to show up. There's a reason there are end title music sequences to a film, too. Those reasons are to hello the audience process what they've just experienced. So it's a legitimate gripe that people have in the music not allowing them to do that.Perhaps, but no-one normally criticizes the credits of movies. The Return of the King had the vocalist from Eurythmics singing a power ballad, but I dont recally massive complaints there.
1289	I do not sew	2013-04-17	I think what they did with the sudden tonal shift was brilliant, they just went about it the wrong way. I like the the punk version of the song a lot, but it doesn't belong anywhere near GoT. I'm not sure why they wouldn't use a more folksy rendition. The same effect would have been achieved without the contextually alien oddity. 
It really isn't that huge a deal though. It's not like, OMFG THIS IS THE VERY FIRST TIME D&D HAVE MADE A TERRIBLE CREATIVE DECISION! WAT!
1290	Ramsay Blow	2013-04-17	The song was pretty awful.
1291	Talvivaara	2013-04-17	It was a rather odd way to end the episode. I think it might have been good if the song only started when the credits started, but this way it just got me confused in the middle of a scene I had waited for and took away some of the impressiveness of that scene.
1292	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	That song ruined the episodeLOL! I hope that's a joke.
1293	Ran	2013-04-17	I realize a major reason why I felt the producers didn't succeed in creating the dissonance they wanted: the scene already has a dissonant moment. That is, Jaime's shocked, baffled stare, without any screams, is dissonant to the viewer. I mean, logically it makes sense, but you're carried right with him to a moment of surprise so sharp there's an instant where you're not quite able to process it. They did their job very well here.But then Jaime starts to scream, and the expected order of things is restored. They even continue it into the credits. And yet the expect viewers to go along for yet another dissonance with the song after that return to "normalcy". Too much, too soon.I suspect the song would have followed much better (for me at least) if they cut to the credits and the song just at the moment Jaime is about to scream. The shock of his silence is going to be fixed in just one more split-second, creating anticipation... and then the song hits you. I think that would have worked, fitting those two together, doubly-dissonant as they are.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 17 April 2013 - 03:34 AM.
1294	Sun and Moon	2013-04-17	All the talk of dissonance... I understand the concept well, however, would it have not even better if that swift, sharp, shock had been delivered in a more contextually appropriate way? I have no problem with the song being modern, running over the credits, as it does. My problem is that the song had already received a treatment earlier on in the ep, and I think I'd rather not have heard it again until further down the line.
	Spoiler 
For me, it messes with the earlier version's foreshadowing of what is to come.

					
					
							Edited by Sun and Moon, 17 April 2013 - 04:16 AM.
1295	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-17	I think for people to say that the song ruined the episode is a bit childish.... Don't exaggerate. I wasn't a fan of the transition from 'poor Jaime' to that rock song, but the more I've seen it, the more it grows on me. My only issue is that it is rock, have no issue with the idea of a song. I'd have just made it a jolly folk song to mix with the theme of GOT, not a rock version.... But no, it did not ruin the episode for me.... That's just stupid talk
1296	SeventySeven	2013-04-17	I loved it. I wish we could actually have a poll to see what the majority thought.
1297	Rhasgul	2013-04-17	Hated it through and through. If it had happened last season, no problem. Jaime's character has been building up to be a more thoughtful and friendly, somewhat cynical person though. I didn't think it was funny, just annoying if anything.
1298	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-17	Hoping they put some crazy death metal after the next episode just to have a 40 page thread of whining about nonsense by day 3.
1299	Abaddon	2013-04-17	I thought it was great.  Loved it.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 17 April 2013 - 06:40 AM.
1300	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-17	It was a rather odd way to end the episode. I think it might have been good if the song only started when the credits started, but this way it just got me confused in the middle of a scene I had waited for and took away some of the impressiveness of that scene.Lol, nice way to reveal you pirated the show.
1301	Kaitscralt	2013-04-17	Hoping they put some crazy death metal after the next episode just to have a 40 page thread of whining about nonsense by day 3.Me too. I hope they end every episode with some crazy song just for these responses.
1302	Sneaky-Tyrell	2013-04-17	Hated it. It detracted from the final scene.And the show in general.  I wanted to flay my ears off.
1303	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-17	Music eh? It's amazing how it can ellicit such diverse reactions.And the show in general.  I wanted to flay my ears off.Come on? The whole show? Way to overreact surely?
1304	Cadiva	2013-04-17	I thought it was great. Totally jarring, vicious. Chop. Scream. Rock. Over. Great stuff.Agreed, it had the perfect effect for me, utterly chaotic rendition of the earlier "nicey nicey" folk version that Bolton's men had been singing.
1305	King of Winters	2013-04-17	Anyone know if they're going to release a full length version?
1306	Top Notch Balanter	2013-04-17	They really should have let Gary Lightbody do the whole thing his version during the show was much better
1307	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-17	Anyone know if they're going to release a full length version?Yes. April 20th.
1308	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-17	At first I hated the song. It made me "realize" I was watching a tv show. Then, I thought that it was played during the credits, which, as others have pointed out, show you the name of cameramen and so on. And last, I realized that was the only way to make it sound as if a dozen drunk men were singing it out loud in a tavern, joifully, and noisily. Dropkick Murpys-like, but without accordions.
Now I think it is a piece of art.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 17 April 2013 - 01:42 PM.
1309	SecretaryofEvil	2013-04-17	I liked the end credits version. It was intentionally jarring, and I think that worked. 
I loved the Gary Lightbody version the Bolton men were singing in the show. I wish it would have been longer.
1310	King of Winters	2013-04-17	Yes. April 20th.Thank the gods for that.
1311	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-17	First I laughed then started dancing to it like crazy, I thought it was great fun. Never saw it coming /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1312	Dragon Peppers	2013-04-17	I loved the Gary Lightbody version the Bolton men were singing in the show. I wish it would have been longer.Has anyone heard whether there might be a release of Lightbody's version as well?ETA: iPhone formatting fail.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon Peppers, 17 April 2013 - 02:30 PM.
1313	snowleper	2013-04-17	The musical tone was all wrong for it to be an artful juxtaposition.
If they wanted that, they should have gone with a soft melodic version of the Jenny of Oldstones song. That would have been jarring - and the juxtaposition would have been complementary.
					
					
							Edited by snowleper, 17 April 2013 - 06:03 PM.
1314	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-17	I thought it was really ill suited for this episode at least, it was too upbeat and almost happy when the last scene wasn't.
1315	Karmarni	2013-04-17	On my initial viewing I was like WTF? I was still in "poor Jaime" mode and the chop came so quick. But having seen it again I've changed my opinion - I really love the song and it's jarring pull back. Modern classic call imo. Going to have to get the song when it comes out.
1316	rodneyAnonymous	2013-04-17	I think silence or something somber over the credits would be too sympathetic to Jaime.
1317	Lord Godric	2013-04-17	I think silence or something somber over the credits would be too sympathetic to Jaime.I don't think it would be a bad thing to promote being sympathetic to Jaime.  He had just saved Brienne from a terrible fate, would it be too much to try and make the audience sympathetic by just having regular closing music?
1318	rodneyAnonymous	2013-04-17	That was the first time he did something non-loathesome.
1319	FacelessFanDragon	2013-04-17	I say yay. Although it did shock me at first. It foreshadows, musically, the chaos to come. Who knew they had punk bands in Westeros.
1320	Fuse Prime	2013-04-17	I mean....ehhhh. The song is fun and all, but I feel like in that context it was a wrong move.  I would have rather liked a generic somber tone at the end or something like that.  I think it's great that they're re-creating songs from ASoIaF, but I didn't like having THAT rendition of ABatMF after THAT scene.
1321	The Bear	2013-04-18	I thought it was a mistake and it was total mood whiplash. I like the song on its own but god no, not at the end of THAT episode, right after Jaime - one of the best swords in the world by repute - loses his swordhand after trying to help Brienne, his first act of selflessness on the show. Stupid stupid stupid.
					
					
							Edited by The Bear, 18 April 2013 - 12:53 AM.
1322	bluemoon	2013-04-18	I thought it was really ill suited for this episode at least, it was too upbeat and almost happy when the last scene wasn't.Ah but it was a happy scene for the fans who have not read the books, A lot of my friends saw it like that anyway. In the series so far he has bonked his sister,thrown a child from a wall and killed a relative.
					
					
							Edited by bluemoon, 18 April 2013 - 01:38 AM.
1323	KayOfLaihr	2013-04-18	I loved it. I was euphoric because the scene was so good, and the tune was matching my mood perfectly:)
1324	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-18	http://youtu.be/ifQvvDU0aQ4
What do you guys think about this song instead?
1325	Pinn	2013-04-18	Thumbs down for me.  Takes you right out of the moment assessing the implications of what just happened.  Probably better for some of those that read the book and knew it was coming.
1326	Casey Siren	2013-04-18	When the song first started playing, I actually thought it was a mistake. This yanked me SO HARD out of the end scene (which I otherwise LOVED) that I didn't have time to savor what had just happened. Not a good move, in my opinion.Absolutely agree.It ruined a moment that was supposed to create a pit in your stomach.  It was so hard to read that part in the book.
1327	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-04-18	I liked it. The whole episode had wild tonal shifts, going straight form humor to near-rapes, etc. This furthered that approach and sets the viewer off balance in general. Slow, somber music would have been terrible here imo, and I'm sure we will get that at the end of a certain episode late in the season.
1328	Bluesnow	2013-04-18	I really liked the version they sung in the show =/The credit one really didn't do it for me... I could barely understand what he was saying to be honest.Maybe if it was a different singer? Or a different genre of music?When you compare it with their Rains of Castamere it really doesn't measure up at all >.>
					
					
							Edited by Bluesnow, 18 April 2013 - 07:34 PM.
1329	yolkboy	2013-04-18	It took me from fantasy medieval England to a modern 14 year olds i-pod in a split second.
It was terrible, and the first thing about the show i have ever felt hatred for.
1330	SummerSong	2013-04-18	It took me from fantasy medieval England to a modern 14 year olds i-pod in a split second.It was terrible, and the first thing about the show i have ever felt hatred for./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   I also completely agree with Ran's "Too much, too soon" double-dissonance analysis. Jamie's amputation was plenty jarring; it doesn't need help. Even when you know it's coming and regardless of how you feel about Jaime, it's horrific. That grating song ruined the mood and lessened the impact.Massive FAIL.
					
					
							Edited by SummerSong, 18 April 2013 - 09:17 PM.
1331	Rouge et Bleu	2013-04-18	The song was supposed to be jarring, and that is why I liked it. It put me in Jaime's mind because we went from a moment of "Holy shit! His fucking hand!?" to the beginning of a song that was pure chaos. This is probably the sound that was bouncing around his skull when he tried to rationalize what just happened to him.
1332	yolkboy	2013-04-18	to the beginning of a song that was pure chaos. This is probably the sound that was bouncing around his skull when he tried to rationalize what just happened to him.No it definitely wasn't. Jaime doesn't have American punk music floating around in his psyche.
1333	Rouge et Bleu	2013-04-18	No it definitely wasn't. Jaime doesn't have American punk music floating around in his psyche.If your hand was just cut off, I imagine that your mind would be reeling and no tangible thought would be able to be processed at that point. The song accomplished that goal in my mind. It didn't give the viewer a chance to reflect on what you just saw, it was just sound that clouded your image of what happened. I'm not judging the use of the song based on the genre or the song in its totality (in all honesty who watches the entire credits anyway), for me it was sound and it threw my mind off. I think that was the purpose. Additionally, if people were that put off by the song and judge the quality of the episode based on it then I would suggest using the mute button on a review. Judging an episode, or even the final scene, based on the music used during the credits scene is somewhat absurd to me. The only episode where the ending credits actually added to my viewing experience was "Blackwater" , other than that I usually turn it off when I see the first credit appear on my TV. Maybe that is why my opinion of this song is what it is, because I only heard about 10 - 15 seconds of it and those 10 - 15 seconds were just the sounds of guitar and heavy drums.
					
					
							Edited by Rouge et Bleu, 18 April 2013 - 11:02 PM.
1334	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	http://youtu.be/ifQvvDU0aQ4What do you guys think about this song instead?Eh, this version is too polite and nice. Say what you want about the Hold Steady version, but it has character. It's a drinking song for godsake, about oral sex!
1335	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-19	If your hand was just cut off, I imagine that your mind would be reeling and no tangible thought would be able to be processed at that point. The song accomplished that goal in my mind. It didn't give the viewer a chance to reflect on what you just saw, it was just sound that clouded your image of what happened.But what is wrong about reflecting on the drama and import of the scene?  Isn't that what you're supposed to do in response to a dramatic, important event?  Isn't that exactly what you do when you read that scene in the books? It's like they took one of the most jarring and important scenes from the book, and deliberately wanted viewers to forget about it's significance, and pay attention to the music instead.  And that reality is playing out right here.Really, it's no different than if you'd just finished reading the scene where Bran is thrown from the window, or Ned is killed, and someone then grabs the book out of your hands and starts blasting music, when what you really want to do is sit back, think "holy shit, I can't believe that just happened", and then start your imagination running through all the implications.  Fiction is supposed to transport us to another world/setting, and they made a deliberate decision to yank us out of that and slap us back into the RL without having the opportunity to reflect on what we'd just seen when the images are all fresh in our heads.That's exactly what's so odd about it.  When there is a major scene, viewers/readers are supposed to focus on it and consider it's importance.  That's the payoff.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 19 April 2013 - 10:07 AM.
1336	SummerSong	2013-04-19	But what is wrong about reflecting on the drama and import of the scene?  Isn't that what you're supposed to do in response to a dramatic, important event?  Isn't that exactly what you do when you read that scene in the books? It's like they took one of the most jarring and important scenes from the book, and deliberately wanted viewers to forget about it's significance, and pay attention to the music instead.  And that reality is playing out right here...Really, it's no different than if you'd just finished reading the scene where Bran is thrown from the window, or Ned is killed, and someone then grabs the book out of your hands and starts blasting music, when what you really want to do is sit back, think "holy shit, I can't believe that just happened", and then start your imagination running through all the implications.  Fiction is supposed to transport us to another world/setting, and they made a deliberate decision to yank us out of that and slap us back into the RL without having the opportunity to reflect on what we'd just scene when the images are all fresh in our heads.That's exactly what's so odd about it.  When there is a major scene, viewers/readers are supposed to focus on it and consider it's importance.  That's the payoff.Superb explanation.   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />   Any time a significant portion of your audience feels the need to rewatch a pivotal dramatic scene with their finger on the mute button so they can stay in the moment, you have failed. The show runners are smart and talented. I hope they learn the lesson.
1337	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-04-19	Yay to the one during the episode, nay to the one during credits.
I was a bit dissapointed they didn't shout: A BEAR A BEAR! I always imagined the men shouting it out at this point with horns of ale in the air. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
Other than that I was so happy to hear it finally. I watch the show with non readers so they didn't get why I was squirming with happiness and knew the lyrics if not the melody haha /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
1338	FacelessSnow	2013-04-19	http://youtu.be/ifQvvDU0aQ4What do you guys think about this song instead?I heard this version before, i think this would have been perfect.  Really creates the contrast the producers were looking for without creating the awkward out of place modern punk rock vide
1339	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-19	I don't push the mute button when I rewatch the scene; I'd rather say I turn the volume up when the song starts. That means D&D did a perfect choice, innit? Or does it simply mean that someone liked it, and someone else didn't? God, I hate the "I did not like it, it is therefore shit" type of comment.
1340	TheBlackBard	2013-04-19	I did'nt mind the actual song, I thought it was quite cool. I like me a bit of punk. But there's a time and place, and just after our Jaime has had his arm shortened wasn't really it for me.
It's like having a rap song after the Helms Deep battle in LotR, just didn't fit.
1341	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-19	When you compare it with their Rains of Castamere it really doesn't measure up at all >.>Yup, they should have played Rains of Castamere in the credits instead. Now that would have been a jarring juxtaposition. Here we have a Lannister maimed and humiliated, but the song speaks of Lannister triumph. -but perhaps also foreshadowing of Lannister retribution? So much room for interpretation and a fitting closure to the scene.Indeed, they should find a reason to play RoC at least once per episode.
1342	SummerSong	2013-04-19	God, I hate the "I did not like it, it is therefore shit" type of comment./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  We all have to get used to that just to survive pretty much anywhere online. GRRM fans are passionate, so they disagree passionately. No biggie.
1343	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-19	I don't push the mute button when I rewatch the scene; I'd rather say I turn the volume up when the song starts. That means D&D did a perfect choice, innit? Or does it simply mean that someone liked it, and someone else didn't? God, I hate the "I did not like it, it is therefore shit" type of comment.I don't think "half-hated it, half-liked it" is a win for D&D, though.Consider what they had as an asset -- an emotionally powerful, shocking scene that is not only visually and emotionally powerful, but carries huge plot implications moving forward.  Lots of facets there, right?   What is Jaime without his sword hand?  What now happens to the deal Catelyn cut?  Etc..etc. etc....That is a scene that should have been 100% win all around, including the aftermath of the actual scene where you'd expect pretty much all viewers to say "holy shit, that was....awesome!"Then they blew that to hell with a controversy that had no reasons to exist.   They alienated a bunch of folks who otherwise would have had nothing but the incredibly positive aftertaste of a great scene.  And I'll bet that those who loved the ending song would have loved the scene anyway even without it.  Essentially, they gained nothing other than perhaps gratification of their own urges, while alienating/pissing off viewers who otherwise would have ended that ep with a great feeling about the show.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 19 April 2013 - 12:02 PM.
1344	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Essentially, they gained nothing other than perhaps gratification of their own urges.Not strictly true. They also created a huge talking point, and endless discussion that is continuing days after the episode aired. No-one would give two shits if it was an orchestral credit tune.
1345	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-19	Not strictly true. They also created a huge talking point, and endless discussion that is continuing days after the episode aired. No-one would give two shits if it was an orchestral credit tune.Exactly -- nobody would have given a shit about an orchestral tune because they'd have been completely drained/shocked/exalted/intrigued by an amazing scene.  Instead of a 100% positive reaction, you've got people pissed off about the music.
1346	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Exactly -- nobody would have given a shit about an orchestral tune because they'd have been completely drained/shocked/exalted/intrigued by an amazing scene.  Instead of a 100% positive reaction, you've got people pissed off about the music.People are pissed off every episode, doesn't mean much. If the scene was so amazing, and you know the music is coming upon rewatch, I still fail to see how this is such a big deal as to create more discussion than the actual scene where Jaime had his hand cutoff.
1347	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-19	People are pissed off every episode, doesn't mean much.Sure it does.  The directors have to make some choices, and some choices are inevitably going to piss someone off.  For example, there really was no way some folks weren't going to be pissed about the Tower of Joy scene, because filming that was always going to be tough.  But this wasn't one of those scenes -- this was a scene that they knew was a win all-around already. If the scene was so amazing, and you know the music is coming upon rewatch, I still fail to see how this is such a big deal as to create more discussion than the actual scene where Jaime had his hand cutoff.I haven't rewatched it, so I can't say.  I just remember thinking "wtf", and then flipping it off.  I felt like the victim of the directors' self-indulgence.
1348	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-19	I didn't listen to the song long enough, as soon as it started I was like "hell is this" and stopped the recording.  Now that's the exact same thing I always do, but usually without the "hell is this".
It didn't really bother me much, I just found it really annoying, but that's how I usually am when listening to music I hate.
I hope they don't add anymore "modern" versions of famous songs from ASOIAF.  So far they're 0 for 2.
1349	Twentythoughts	2013-04-19	I liked what they did with the end credits... But I actually DIDN'T like how they sang the song in the actual episode.They were going more "abearabearahairybear", all chanting-like, where the song should be more... shoutable. A BEAR! A BEAR!!! ALL COVERED IN HAIR!!! A BEAR!!!!!!
1350	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-19	It was the best song I ever heard.
1351	Quiet Isle	2013-04-20	I thought it was a horrible choice.  and so did all of my fellow readers.
1352	Talbot	2013-04-20	I loved it. Jaime isn't a hero yet in the show. 
I also loved it because of how much it pissed off people here.
1353	Magjee	2013-04-20	When the song first started playing, I actually thought it was a mistake. This yanked me SO HARD out of the end scene (which I otherwise LOVED) that I didn't have time to savor what had just happened. Not a good move, in my opinion.Just seemed out of place
1354	Sidonie	2013-04-20	Just seemed out of placeI agree. The music ruined the scene for me. Jamie's hand was cut off so quickly, I barely had time to emotionally process it, and then that corny, out-of-place music started.
					
					
							Edited by Sidonie, 20 April 2013 - 11:18 AM.
1355	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-20	I agree. The music ruined the scene for me. Jamie's hand was cut off so quickly, I barely had time to emotionally process it, and then that corny, out-of-place music started.But that's exactly what they were aiming at! Nobody likes Jaime at this point of the story, and I would bet all my money a large portion of tv-only viewers were actually glad Jaime "got what he deserved". You're not supposed to mourn Jaime's loss now, and the song was that jarring, that sudden to prevent any mournful reflection.
1356	Talbot	2013-04-20	But that's exactly what they were aiming at! Nobody likes Jaime at this point of the story, and I would bet all my money a large portion of tv-only viewers were actually glad Jaime "got what he deserved". You're not supposed to mourn Jaime's loss now, and the song was that jarring, that sudden to prevent any mournful reflection.Agreed. I think some book readers are too busy watching and judging the show from the perspective of knowing what's happening so far rather than following the show on its own and letting the storylines develop on their own timeline
1357	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-20	Agreed. I think some book readers are too busy watching and judging the show from the perspective of knowing what's happening so far rather than following the show on its own and letting the storylines develop on their own timelineAmen to that. And I think that is the worst approach possible.
1358	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-20	Edit: double post
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 20 April 2013 - 12:17 PM.
1359	The King Of Limbs	2013-04-20	I thought it was great...I don't really get how it "ruined" the scene for anybody to be honest. The scene itself was done pretty flawlessly in my opinion, and I'm a huge Jaime fan. I love his arc this year.
1360	Broken Fox	2013-04-20	The fact that half the people loved it and the other half hated it shows they did something right.
1361	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-20	But you're not supposed to mourn Jaime's loss now, and the song was that jarring, that sudden to prevent any mournful reflection.Who said anything about reflection being mournful?  You could just as easily have had a "happy" reaction, or one just of shock where you need time to figure put what it means.
1362	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-20	Who said anything about reflection being mournful?  You could just as easily have had a "happy" reaction, or one just of shock where you need time to figure put what it means.Well, to be fair, I read dozens of comments stating that the song had "ruined the drama of the event". I think things were supposed to work this way: "Yay! That filthy child-crippling/ sister-fucking/ Ned-crushing Kingslayer got his sword hand chopped off! YAY, A JOYFUL TAVERN ANTHEM! Let's celebrate the event by dancing to it!". To me, it worked like clockwork.
1363	SummerSong	2013-04-20	To me, it worked like clockwork.Then it sounds like you won. YAY!!! You got it your own way. It's nice that you're so happy about it.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1364	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-20	Then it sounds like you won. YAY!!! You got it your own way. It's nice that you're so happy about it.  /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Happy about what? Jaime's maiming? God knows I was when I first read aSoS. I was twelve! Don't take it personally, though.
1365	LyannaStargaryen	2013-04-21	Three of us watched it here, one book reader (me) two show watchers only.
All of us were confused and disjointed by the music, but it didn't ruin the episode or the emotion and shock from the Jaime scene.
I'll rematch tonight ahead of episode 4, and see if my opinion changes.
1366	Broken Fox	2013-04-21	This may or may not have been posted already, but for anyone who's interestedWhen we first reported the news that The Hold Steady would perform <U+0080><U+009C>The Bear and Maiden Fair<U+0080><U+009D> in season three, we teased that the song would not be used where fans of George R.R. Martin<U+0080><U+0099>s novels might expect. It<U+0080><U+0099>s tough to imagine a more unexpected moment than right after Locke slams a giant knife onto Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s wrist. The wildly mismatched pairing of the violence and a rock song by a contemporary band was a very deliberate move.<U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,<U+0080><U+009D> Weiss says. <U+0080><U+009C>To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There<U+0080><U+0099>s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer <U+0080><U+0094> <U+0080>Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,<U+0080><U+0099><U+0080><U+009D> adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. <U+0080><U+009C>What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body <U+0080><U+0094> it<U+0080><U+0099>s a sad ending <U+0080><U+0094> but then we cut to black and it<U+0080><U+0099>s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] <U+0080>Blue Moon.<U+0080><U+0099> And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.<U+0080><U+009D>
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 21 April 2013 - 03:51 PM.
1367	hedgeknight001	2013-04-22	The end-credits music was horrid, inappropriate to the just-concluded scene, and distracting.
No underling would have made that music choice because he would know that it would get him fired -- it must be the favorite music of one of the exec producers.
1368	Tony Soprano	2013-04-23	I'm OK with it. I was really pleased with the version Locke's band sang, and I didn't really think about the credits song too much. When the screen cuts to black, the show is over. The credits don't matter to me, and neither does the song.
1369	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-23	I absolutely freaking loved it. Perfect soundtrack to my WTF feeling after seeing the chopping.if Jaime's swordhand. Epic.
1370	thenedstark	2013-04-24	I felt the first 2 episodes of this season were too slow and a little boring. This was one of the reasons why I absolutely loved this end credits rock-song. To me, the song signaled the beginning of what I predict will be some of the best television to come out of this entire series. Also I should probably mention I am a big fan of punk rock. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by thenedstark, 24 April 2013 - 10:01 PM.
1371	King of Winters	2013-05-02	I've listened to the full version, and it's even better.
1372	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	I thought it was great. Totally jarring, vicious. Chop. Scream. Rock. Over. Great stuff. I enjoyed it too for that exact reason. beside I was just happy to have the bear and maiden fair in the episode at all, even if they did like 6 different versions of it in one episode it would still make me happy
1373	Lord Flashheart	2013-05-11	For those who didn't like it. Or did. Here is a version that I feel is much better. Skip to about 30 seconds in if you just want the song.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Flashheart, 11 May 2013 - 06:04 PM.
1374	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-06-14	For those who didn't like it. Or did. Here is a version that I feel is much better. Skip to about 30 seconds in if you just want the song.LOL! I remember the song in South Park's movie!
					
					
							Edited by Aerys Blackfyre, 14 June 2013 - 05:55 PM.
1375	jom	2013-10-19	I recently viewed this episode and I'm still confused. I don't know what happened but in the what I saw/heard this odd song kicked in BEFORE the scene went to the credits. Did this happen with anyone else? I thought someone actually recorded over the sound track until I realized it was actually a "modern" version of the Maiden Fair. I shocked me right out of the scene...I was pissed because it played over the last 10/15 seconds and I couldn't hear what Jaime and the other guy were saying. It was just weird.

jom
1376	Nezzer	2013-10-19	I recently viewed this episode and I'm still confused. I don't know what happened but in the what I saw/heard this odd song kicked in BEFORE the scene went to the credits. Did this happen with anyone else? I thought someone actually recorded over the sound track until I realized it was actually a "modern" version of the Maiden Fair. I shocked me right out of the scene...I was pissed because it played over the last 10/15 seconds and I couldn't hear what Jaime and the other guy were saying. It was just weird.

jom


Bad pirated version. Get another one or watch it legally if you can.
1377	Ser Howland Reed	2014-01-13	I thought it was great! There was the let down of Jamie being let out of his chains, then the shock of his hand coming off, and then another shock when the usual music didn't play when the credits rolled.It was a good song, it made the scene more comical and showed that the show doesn't take itself too seriously!
1378	Envie	2013-04-16	I'm really surprised no one else has really posted much about this awesome scene. Tywin Lannister, intimidating patriarch of House Lannister and now acting as Hand of the King and the real power behind the throne, holds 'small council' and deliberately sets the table in such a manner as to display the true personalities of the individuals who will sit in each chair.Littlefinger, always the opportunistic rat, rushes to be the first to sit next to Tywin.Varys, the spider, eyerolls and languidly takes the next seat to show he is confident with his position and importance to the court.Pycelle, Grand Maester, keeps up his bumbling old fool routine to take the next seat, keeping his eyes downcast to show his (fake) servitude.Everyone turns to see how Tywin's 'children' will participate ... and of course the best is saved for last.Cersei deliberately moves a chair to the other side of Tywin, to be at his 'right hand' signifying her power.Tyrion, ever the odd man out and knowing full well now how truly much his Father (and sister) both despise him, plays the scene to perfection... dragging his chair, scraping and squeaking across the floor to the far end of the table to take his position far away, but directly opposite his Father. Smirking and joking about the accommodations to defray the tension and to also show (IMO) that he's not going to back down and act like a whipped puppy simply because his Father has taken over.I thought this scene was done to perfection and gives viewers some much needed reminders of why this story was called "Game of Thrones" in the first place. Even at court, with the Lannisters in full reign, we see just how precariously tense the chess board is as all the pieces settle in place and no one's sure who will make the next move. The tension was palpable, Tywin's austere and intimidating presence made me squirm in my own seat so I can only imagine how each member who sat down felt at that table! (Pycelle probably pissed himself under that raggedy robe)What did you all think of the symbolism and power of that scene?Oh and we're also introduced to the fact that Littlefinger will be leaving to propose to Lyssa at the Eyrie so this was a good refresher for viewers who may have forgotten that. I thought Tyrion's amused look about that was priceless. He could have warned Littlefinger that Lyssa is probably not the pretty young flower he remembered in their youth but it was even better he remained silent because of course it's got to be hilarious justice to him since he hates LF anyways.Here's a link to the "Inside the Episode #3" with the thoughts of the producers on the scene which sums up my own interpretation I had as well.http://www.youtube.c...=em-uploademail
1379	Archmaester	2013-04-17	Loved it, along with many other moments in this episode. Far too much negativity around here if you ask me!
I for one was suprisingly impressed by Benioff's direction - it seemed much more confident and refined than Minahan's in the first two episodes. Just little details like the one-take tracking shot at the start of Hoster's funeral, the superb tension building during the final scene, the very impressively handled Theon chase scene (and subsequent unlikely yet badass archery skills displayed by Ramsey...), and of course the small council scene. Hope he directs more episodes!
1380	Silverx2	2013-04-17	I'm assuming this is to not include book spoilers?
I loved the scene
1381	FuriousGeorge	2013-04-17	Genuinely one of the best things I have ever see on T.V. Reminded me a lot of that 'Fuckity fuck fuck fuck' scene in The Wire with McNulty and Bunk. Amazing actors not even having to communicate with words (apart from one word in the Wire), just looking at each other knowingly and contemptuously. The look Vary's gives Tyrion is genius. How come I've never seen Varys on anything before? He is such a good actor
1382	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-17	Loved the scene. Made me smile, and even laugh out loud when Tyrion dragged his chair across the room.
But it didn't occur to me that Tywin would have set the chairs up with much deliberation, He seems well secure in the power he holds and just wants to get business done with, not engage in petty power play with his "lackeys".
1383	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	I would have loved for that small council scene to be longer to be honest. There was a lot of potential. 
For some reason, Cersei moving her chair and LF rushing to be next to Tywin were the best. They made me laugh out loud. But Tyrion moving his chair really bugged me for some reason, LOL. I dunno.
I just wish they'd cut the pod and whores part and made this scene a bit longer.
1384	Mark Antony	2013-04-17	Cersei stole the scene. She was awesome!
1385	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Cersei stole the scene. She was awesome!I agree! I LOVED her bit. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1386	Loras	2013-04-17	This scene must be in my top ten favourite 'Thrones' scenes.  I agree entirely with the OP.I love Cersei's imput in the scene, just echoing her father.  I have been longing to see Cersei and Tywin in a 'proper' scene together for such a long time and I was so excited by it.I for one was suprisingly impressed by Benioff's direction - it seemed much more confident and refined than Minahan's in the first two episodes. Just little details like the one-take tracking shot at the start of Hoster's funeral, the superb tension building during the final scene, the very impressively handled Theon chase scene (and subsequent unlikely yet badass archery skills displayed by Ramsey...), and of course the small council scene. Hope he directs more episodes!I absolutely agree here.  Benioff had such a strong hand during this episode - the chase scene was incredible. There was no gimmicks in this episode, it was honest and as you said confident.  The framing of the first half of the Jaime/Locke scene - with Jaime's right hand glowing in the firelight was just incredible.
1387	Dove	2013-04-17	Sassy-Cersei might be my favorite TV character ever y'all.It was a perfect scene; it encapsulates the attitudes and standing of everyone involved in the same way that a mess of dialogue would and it was absolutely hilarious at the same time.If you hated this bit, I think you might just hate fun period.
1388	Sun	2013-04-17	Great scene. Beautifully conceived and shot. The highlight of the episode, really. 
The way Cersie positioned her chair, it wasn't facing the council members at the opposite side of the table, as one would expect. Her chair was turned slightly to the side, looking towards the far end of the table, where the final empty seat was located, where she expected Tyrion to sit. Even in a council chamber and in her father's presence, or perhaps because of it, Cersie is most wary of Tyrion. So suspicious of him is she, that she feels the need to seat herself in away that would insure she has an eye on him at all times.
1389	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Great scene. Beautifully conceived and shot. The highlight of the episode, really.The way Cersie positioned her chair, it wasn't facing the council members at the opposite side of the table, as one would expect. Her chair was turned slightly to the side, looking towards the far end of the table, where the final empty seat was located, where she expected Tyrion to sit. Even in a council chamber and in her father's presence, or perhaps because of it, Cersie is most wary of Tyrion. So suspicious of him is she, that she feels the need to seat herself in away that would insure she has an eye on him at all times.Oooh, good analysis, I like this. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1390	iheartseverus	2013-04-17	Loved it!  I had no clue what was coming as the scene opened, of course, but as it went on, I just burst out laughing.  All those knowing looks, shifty-eyed sideways glances, silent smirks..  just hilarious.  I wonder how many takes they had to do--the actors must have been cracking up, putting that whole charade together.  I read somewhere that Conith Hill is so hilarious on the set, that Lena Headey and Peter Dinklage in particular have trouble even looking at him without laughing.  He even made Sean Bean burst out laughing back in S1, and they had to re-do that scene.
Wish I could have been there!  It resembled my family's Thanksgiving get-togethers, under-currents running a mile deep... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1391	Definitely Mayhaps	2013-04-17	Incredible scene, third best after the Joff/Margaery scene and Olenna's scene (another fantastic one).
					
					
							Edited by Definitely Mayhaps, 17 April 2013 - 02:28 PM.
1392	Toxspecific	2013-04-17	Imagine Stannis and Robert present at that table.
Would've been an epic scene.
1393	Dove	2013-04-17	Imagine Stannis and Robert present at that table.Would've been an epic scene.I can hear the teeth-grinding from here.
1394	Harrad	2013-04-17	I thought he set the chairs up so that the camera would face all the people sitting on that side and no one would have their backs to the camera on the other.
1395	Reposado	2013-04-17	great scene. absolutely the last thing i thought people would complain about in this episode
1396	Ser Pounce FTW	2013-04-17	I loved this scene. It was a great showing of the power struggle within the small council. I also noticed Cersei was bored while most of the business at hand was being discussed, setting her up for how she will handle things after Tywin dies. She only perks up when Tywin gives Tyrion his new job. Which both she and Tyrion think is an insult. Yet it seems to be affording Tyrion a chance to gain very important experience. It seems like a slight, just as being put in charge of the sewers at Casterly Rock seemed and yet, Tyrion is learning the crucial management of labor and resources.I see what you're doing, Martin.
1397	KingWolf	2013-04-17	I loved how Varys rubbed in Littlefingers face the fact he doesn't have Harrenhall yet.Then Tywin called it a useles spile of rubble.
1398	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	great scene. absolutely the last thing i thought people would complain about in this episodeI'm one of the ones complaining about it and I feel that I should clarify my position... The bottom line is that pivotal scenes are being cut from the show due to "time constraints"... in favour of two minutes of moving chairs around. It's a great scene, but it's also a slap in the face to fans of characters whose storylines have been cut and reduced.But honestly, I just wish the entire scene had've been longer. Far too much time was devoted to the chairs considering the amount of dialogue we got. I would be complaining less if we had've got an additional few minutes of material out of the scene - particularly as it's going to be the last time those six characters are ever going to be in that position together again. When that's taken into account, I'm sure most fans would agree that the scene was a bit of a wasted opportunity.
1399	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-17	I loved that scene!  Brilliant acting without saying a word.  Any smart acting coach would play that scene for his/her students.  So much communicated without a word uttered.
1400	NickName02	2013-04-25	I loved it. However where was Tywin's actual right-hand man Kevan? It would have been cool to see how he would have shaken things up a bit for the small council.
1401	King Kev.	2013-04-26	Genuinely hilarious. Probably one of the best moments of the whole episode in an episode filled with spectacular moments. Loved Tyrion sliding that chair across the floor, making that annoying, grating sound that makes me want to find infants and burn them alive.
1402	Gendels Children	2013-05-10	I loved this scene soo much, the symbolism, the brown nosery, the fight for the power, and the general humour behind it. very awkward and fantastic, I couldn't stop giggling
1403	FaHaZe	2013-10-05	Just echoing what most of the other posters said - definitely one of the best and hilarious scenes in the show. I thought it was perfect. It had me LOLing very hard. The teasing between LF and Varys, Cersei's reactionsand manner of speaking, Pycelle's input. Everything was on point.
1404	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	We know from the book that Ramsay became the heir of Roose Bolton only after Domeric Bolton, the rightful heir to the Dreadfort suffered an unfortunate 'accident', most likely by Ramsay's hands, as Roose himself tells Theon at a later time.
Could the producers insert that in the tv show to better portray Ramsay's true character?
Until this episode I believed everything in the Dreadfort dungeon with Theon's torturers was just a ploy and everybody knew that the guy torturing Theon was not Ramsay, and they played along in his escape so that Ramsay could have one of his little hunts.
Now I believe his position is a normal one for a bastard raised at his lord father's court. Jon was a exception for many reasons, and even him had some problems with Cat.
I believe Ramsay released Theon not for his own entertainment, but to set a trap for his brother. Once he'll trick Theon in revealing all that happened at Winterfell, he'll just take Theon back to the Dreadfort, accuse Theon for the death of Domeric and his guards, and force Roose to declare him his next heir, especially after getting the information from Theon, proving his worth as his father's right hand. 
This will really change the scene with Roose and Reek/Theon having their first face to face.
1405	Dove	2013-04-15	Nah, I doubt they'd make that guy be him. Domeric was described as being a normal, nice dude who liked horses and got along well with the Starks, definitely not a sadistic rapist.
I could eat my words later mind you, but I just don't see things unfolding that way. I figure he was just Creepy Bolton Extra #01.
1406	victim	2013-04-15	I hope not. Mainly because I hate it when TV shows are like: "That featured extra you killed two episodes was actually quite an important person!" It's an interesting theory though and entirely possible.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 15 April 2013 - 03:20 AM.
1407	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	Could be, but why did Roose Bolton tell Robb in s2 that his bastard was marching on Winterfell if Ramsey's just the janitor of the dungeons and Domeric's in charge?
1408	victim	2013-04-15	And Domeric (probably) wouldn't rape prisoners.
1409	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	It was not Domeric, it was Reek.
1410	Dove	2013-04-15	Right, forgot about that - Domeric dying is the only reason Ramsay's allowed as much power as he is. Wouldn't make any sense for Roose to be all "My bastard this, my bastard that" if his actual son was still alive and kickin'.
1411	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	Ramsay couldn't just pick a random Dreadford goon to play along at impersonating him while he's just a simple guy in the background.
So killing off one his trusted men just for conning Theon is a little far-fetched. What was the plan then? How was he going to free Theon without bloodshed? I don't see Ramsay convincing 5 of his men, especially someone from his close inner-circle to just die so he could fool Theon into trusting him.
Yes, I could see Ramsay kill some of his own soldiers just for the lols of it, but not one of his trusted supporters. And that guy seemed pretty surprised to find himself with an arrow in his shoulder.
Not to mention the fact that he missed a vital organ on that guy while he directly killed all the rest. He probably wanted to make it a personal kill, up-close and personal. He wanted to show his brother who was the one that killed him and why. 
And Domeric's last words were 'Bastard'. All his men know better than do that, even with an arrow in him. 
It will really add to Ramsay's deviousness if it proves to be true.
1412	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	Right, forgot about that - Domeric dying is the only reason Ramsay's allowed as much power as he is. Wouldn't make any sense for Roose to be all "My bastard this, my bastard that" if his actual son was still alive and kickin'.The only power Ramsay has so far in the TV show is that he is being allowed to sweep the floors in the dungeons. Yes, it may be a ploy, or simply a reality he plans to rectify the first chance he gets, which is Theon's timely escape.This will be a nice setup for the will Robb will make to legitimize Jon. Roose will also be forced to legitimize his bastard, because he's in a war and if he dies he'll have no legal heirs.The death of his son will make him realize that he needs another heir, so his 'sacrifice' in taking one for the Stark team and marry a very fertile Frey will be a win/win for him, especially if he plans to get rid of his bastard at a later time, when he'll once again have a rightful heir that can survive Ramsay. Just as a backup, at least.
1413	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	Right, forgot about that - Domeric dying is the only reason Ramsay's allowed as much power as he is. Wouldn't make any sense for Roose to be all "My bastard this, my bastard that" if his actual son was still alive and kickin'.It would be cool if it were true, but this is the only thing holding me back for thinking that. Still a bit confused to who they were they must have been random Dreadfort men
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 04:17 AM.
1414	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	The only power Ramsay has so far in the TV show is that he is being allowed to sweep the floors in the dungeons. Directly. Indirectly, Roose refers to him often enough.
1415	a shadow	2013-04-15	While watching the scene I also thought: "Domeric?", but in the next second I remembered Roose saying his bastard already is in a position to command an army. The guy being killed did not resemble book-Domeric chracter at all, too. So I concluded it was not him.
Ramsay using a bow (Theon's preffered weapon) to kill them is still curious though and looks like blame-shifting, but if it will be said eventually that the man was indeed Domeric, I would consider is as a poor writing /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1416	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	Whoever he was, he damn well knew that Ramsay did not like being called bastard before he go that arrow in the face
1417	Nezzer	2013-04-15	If Domeric were alive, Roose wouldn't have sent his bastard to take Winterfell from Theon.
1418	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	While watching the scene I also thought: "Domeric?", but in the next second I remembered Roose saying his bastard already is in a position to command an army. The guy being killed did not resemble book-Domeric chracter at all, too. So I concluded it was not him.Ramsay using a bow (Theon's preffered weapon) to kill them is still curious though and looks like blame-shifting, but if it will be said eventually that the man was indeed Domeric, I would consider is as a poor writing /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />In what episode is Roose talking about his bastard commanding an army? I think I missed that line, which will explain me posting this crackpot theory here. I mix lines from the show and the book from time to time. In the book Roose is talking a lot about his Bastard.Anyway, I thought the show presenting Ramsay's evolution from a bastard to The Bastard will be cool and will explain the amount of show time Theon has in a season that should be Theon-free according to the books.As long as they don't cut off the "Last of the Giants" song from the show so we can see more Ramsay/Theon/Pimp-Pod, all is cool in the world.
1419	Nezzer	2013-04-15	In what episode is Roose talking about his bastard commanding an army? I think I missed that line, which will explain me posting this crackpot theory here. I mix lines from the show and the book from time to time. In the book Roose is talking a lot about his Bastard.Anyway, I thought the show presenting Ramsay's evolution from a bastard to The Bastard will be cool and will explain the amount of show time Theon has in a season that should be Theon-free according to the books.As long as they don't cut off the "Last of the Giants" song from the show so we can see more Ramsay/Theon/Pimp-Pod, all is cool in the world."Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort. He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theon's head."
1420	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	"Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort. He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theon's head."Yup, thank you for the link. Now i'm convinced I was wrong in hoping it was Domeric. The chances of Roose trusting his bastard with such a task as reclaiming Winterhell(I just love Hot Pie in that scene) while his heir is still alive are slim to none.
1421	a shadow	2013-04-15	In what episode is Roose talking about his bastard commanding an army? I think I missed that line, which will explain me posting this crackpot theory here. I mix lines from the show and the book from time to time. In the book Roose is talking a lot about his Bastard.Here, for example.Anyway, I thought the show presenting Ramsay's evolution from a bastard to The Bastard will be cool and will explain the amount of show time Theon has in a season that should be Theon-free according to the books..It messes up continuity in a lot of ways. And that would be another such dissapointment with the writers.
1422	Bayard	2013-04-15	If Domeric was alive, Roose wouldn't talk about his bastard. Furthermore, if Domeric was alive, he would have gone to war with his father, like all the other Northern lords did. He would have been shamed to stay behind. There is no Domeric in the show
1423	Justin Danford	2013-04-15	This theory isn't totally shot. I do think there is something in the exchange Theon and Ramsey have as Theon mounts the horse.
Theon: "I'll make you a lord on the island islands for this."
Ramsey: "We're not on the Iron Islands."
This could suggest Ramsey does want lordship, and this little response is a quip meaning "Oh, I want you to help me be a lord, but not in the iron islands, I'm gonna blame you for my brothers death."
I don't think we can say for sure that Roose wouldnt talk about his bastard is Domeric was alive. It could have been that Ramsey was closer to winterfell to begin with, or that Roose actually likes his bastard more. I might be shipping my own confusion into what I remember but I thought I remembered talk of how Ramsey was more like Roose anyhow and/or how Roose seemed to take a liking to his bastard. I could be totally botching that though.
We can at least gather that since the last guy killed does in fact call Ramsey "bastard" that he does know who he is. I honestly think Ramsey is playing a game and has basically sacrificed these five men to improve the results. It goes hand and hand with the "Winter is coming" line. He is trying to trick Theon (and that means the viewer too) into thinking he is a good guy.
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 15 April 2013 - 05:51 AM.
1424	Dove	2013-04-15	Unless they've changed it for the show, this is how it was in the books:
Roose definitely doesn't like his bastard, if anything he absolutely hates him, but he does recognize their similarity. He has kind of a dark, ironic sense of humor about it all. If Roose ever liked or cared about anyone it was certainly Domeric, he talks about his dead son with a fondness that he doesn't really seem to feel for anything else.
Domeric's implied to have been a decent, average guy, great at racing horses, a little bookish, and on good terms with most everyone. When he found out he had a bastard half-brother he wanted to reach out in friendship, which was probably a fatal mistake that lead to his untimely death. He was already dead before the start of the series, too, so he was strictly a "background character."
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 06:01 AM.
1425	Justin Danford	2013-04-15	Unless they've changed it for the show, this is how it was in the books:Roose definitely doesn't like his bastard, if anything he absolutely hates him, but he does recognize their similarity. He has kind of a dark, ironic sense of humor about it all. If Roose ever liked or cared about anyone it was certainly Domeric, he talks about his dead son with a fondness that he doesn't really seem to feel for anything else.Domeric's implied to have been a decent, average guy, great at racing horses, a little bookish, and on good terms with most everyone. When he found out he had a bastard half-brother he wanted to reach out in friendship, which was probably a fatal mistake that lead to his untimely death. He was already dead before the start of the series, too, so he was strictly a "background character."okay then, that all rings a bell... I butchered it as I suspected
1426	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	If Domeric was alive, Roose wouldn't talk about his bastard. Furthermore, if Domeric was alive, he would have gone to war with his father, like all the other Northern lords did. He would have been shamed to stay behind. There is no Domeric in the showYep, you're probably right. I just couldn't understand why all the soldiers had to die. And how Ramsay convinced his men to play along. What was the plan from their point of view? I don't think that Ramsay went like "I'll free Theon, you'll chase and catch him, scare the shit out of him, and then I'll come and kill you all, and fool Theon in making him believe I'm his friend" and his soldiers were like "Great plan boss! Please, pick me as one of the guys that has to willingly die in order for you to sell this to Theon! No, pick me instead!"Maybe Ramsay lied to his soldiers and told them that he will wait for the night and free him while the guards are asleep in their camp in the forest, or whatever.And if he planned on killing his soldiers from the start, why not five random soldiers, not the guy that tortured him so far. From what I've seen so far, most of the soldiers aren't known for their intelligence, and if Ramsay has someone that can play his role so well, why sacrifice him so easily just to sell the rescue better to Theon?Eahhh, we'll have to see how this plays out in the end. Either way, this Ramsay arc is good so far, with or without fratricide in the mix.
1427	Mercenary	2013-04-15	It's probably just me, but the Ramsay character as depicted so far is almost exactly the way I pictured...Theon. What mostly set off this train of thought is the display of archery when he "rescues" Theon from the guards that caught up to him. In the book Theon is described as a superlative archer. The smirk as he shoots the last guard that calls him a little bastard and his hair is another big one.
Incidentally isn't he the actor from Misfits, that UK show?
1428	Dove	2013-04-15	Yep, he's Simon from Misfits. Incidentally, anyone who's never seen this show should check it out on hulu. All the episodes are free to watch, it's a great show, and you can get a glimpse at Iwan's acting chops if you haven't seen them already.
1429	KhalFrodo	2013-04-15	If it is Domeric, it's another case of character assassination (See: Renly Baratheon)
1430	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Domeric -- hadn't even thought of him, truth be told, I'd completely forgotten about him.  Wasn't he only mentioned in the book and spoken of as already dead?  But that does make sense - thanks to all previous posters for that.  Also thought the shock value there was top notch, but was really confused about Ramsay killing his own men...made me question whether or not it was really Ramsay.  But don't think he can truly be called Reek yet...that will be another huge shocker when it's revealed.
1431	Bayard	2013-04-15	Yep, you're probably right.I just couldn't understand why all the soldiers had to die. And how Ramsay convinced his men to play along. What was the plan from their point of view? I don't think that Ramsay went like "I'll free Theon, you'll chase and catch him, scare the shit out of him, and then I'll come and kill you all, and fool Theon in making him believe I'm his friend" and his soldiers were like "Great plan boss! Please, pick me as one of the guys that has to willingly die in order for you to sell this to Theon! No, pick me instead!"Maybe Ramsay lied to his soldiers and told them that he will wait for the night and free him while the guards are asleep in their camp in the forest, or whatever.And if he planned on killing his soldiers from the start, why not five random soldiers, not the guy that tortured him so far. From what I've seen so far, most of the soldiers aren't known for their intelligence, and if Ramsay has someone that can play his role so well, why sacrifice him so easily just to sell the rescue better to Theon?Eahhh, we'll have to see how this plays out in the end. Either way, this Ramsay arc is good so far, with or without fratricide in the mix.It wouldn't be the first added scene that lacked logic...  they write seasons so fast, in only 1-2 months, that they miss things. Because this was a straight in your face thing, they probably have something in their minds (maybe they were faithful to his father, and not to himself), but they might never explain it.
1432	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	It wouldn't be the first added scene that lacked logic...  they write seasons so fast, in only 1-2 months, that they miss things. Because this was a straight in your face thing, they probably have something in their minds (maybe they were faithful to his father, and not to himself), but they might never explain it.I thought it lacked logic as well, if Ramsey kills his own men all the time as part of his "hunts" he would already be dead.  I'm not sure why they couldn't have simply had Ramsey let him go, hunt him down and then be 'ha ha' fooled you, and drag him back to the Dreadfort.  I still think the actor is much too handsome for Ramsey, its the first time I really see something as being miscast.
1433	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	I thought it lacked logic as well, if Ramsey kills his own men all the time as part of his "hunts" he would already be dead.  I'm not sure why they couldn't have simply had Ramsey let him go, hunt him down and then be 'ha ha' fooled you, and drag him back to the Dreadfort.  I still think the actor is much too handsome for Ramsey, its the first time I really see something as being miscast.Something occured to me. Maybe the reason why Ramsey freed Theon and then met up with him later is because he wants to get his trust. Theon will lead him to Yara (or at least somewhere where there are Ironborn, judging from the promo of next week's episode). Maybe Ramsey's plan is to infiltrate the Ironborn's castle and then during the night open the gates so his men can take over it, gaining more land and power for the Boltons. There are some flaws in my theory though:Ramsey said "go east". If I recall correctly the Dreadfort is situated towards the eastern coast and the only thing that's situated east of the Dreadfort is the Karhold (or Lord Umber's castle, I can't seem to remember atm), neither of which were ever taken by the Ironborn. As for Ramsey killing his own men: maybe he did it to further gain Theon's trust (however, if I were in the same position, freeing me from a sadistical rapist would me more than enough to gain my complete trust /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />), or perhaps the rapist was just overzealous and went after Theon before Ramsey could tell him to stay put.Ramsey pretending to be a janitor and killing his own men seems just to elaborate and nonpractical if it indeed turns out to be nothing more than a prank.
1434	Tadco26	2013-04-15	It is hard to imagine how they will explain Ramsay killing what we presume are his own men.  I tend to agree that it is unlikely that it would be his brother since Roose would have mentioned his true son as the one to take Winterfell not his bastard, or his true son would have been with Roose as they went to war.  I'll reserve judgment until we see how it plays out, but killing his own men didn't make much sense based on what we know from the books.
1435	Tyrion4President	2013-04-15	The only power Ramsay has so far in the TV show is that he is being allowed to sweep the floors in the dungeons. Yes, it may be a ploy, or simply a reality he plans to rectify the first chance he gets, which is Theon's timely escape.This will be a nice setup for the will Robb will make to legitimize Jon. Roose will also be forced to legitimize his bastard, because he's in a war and if he dies he'll have no legal heirs.The death of his son will make him realize that he needs another heir, so his 'sacrifice' in taking one for the Stark team and marry a very fertile Frey will be a win/win for him, especially if he plans to get rid of his bastard at a later time, when he'll once again have a rightful heir that can survive Ramsay. Just as a backup, at least.Roose does not legitimze his son, Ramsay does not get legitimized until after the red wedding when its clear the boltons are now fighting for the lannisters. Hes legitimized by king tommen
1436	Olympia	2013-04-15	We know from the book that Ramsay became the heir of Roose Bolton only after Domeric Bolton, the rightful heir to the Dreadfort suffered an unfortunate 'accident', most likely by Ramsay's hands, as Roose himself tells Theon at a later time.Could the producers insert that in the tv show to better portray Ramsay's true character?Until this episode I believed everything in the Dreadfort dungeon with Theon's torturers was just a ploy and everybody knew that the guy torturing Theon was not Ramsay, and they played along in his escape so that Ramsay could have one of his little hunts.Now I believe his position is a normal one for a bastard raised at his lord father's court. Jon was a exception for many reasons, and even him had some problems with Cat.I believe Ramsay released Theon not for his own entertainment, but to set a trap for his brother. Once he'll trick Theon in revealing all that happened at Winterfell, he'll just take Theon back to the Dreadfort, accuse Theon for the death of Domeric and his guards, and force Roose to declare him his next heir, especially after getting the information from Theon, proving his worth as his father's right hand.This will really change the scene with Roose and Reek/Theon having their first face to face.I believe Domeric was dead even before Theon arrived in the Dreadfort.
1437	victim	2013-04-15	If it is Domeric, it's another case of character assassination (See: Renly Baratheon)There's that term being thrown around again. Let's say it is Domeric, is it really that big a deal? He wasn't even in the books and they'd be using him on screen to add a bit more motivation to Ramsey's little games. Instead, what we'll likely get (if anything) is some exposition from Roose about how he loved Domeric and believes Ramsay took part in his death instead of actually seeing it happen on-screen.
1438	zaphodbrx	2013-04-15	If you have to compare it to the books I would say that guy is the original 'Reek'.
1439	RobbTheStark	2013-04-15	What if Theon's savior explains that he is Reek and that the man he killed was the bastard. Then, after getting what he wants out of Theon he'll be able to pull the rug out from under him and show him his true nature. I wonder if D&D are going to use "Reek" or have abandoned the idea completely. I hope not, Theon's arc was among the best in A Dance with Dragons.
1440	Tadco26	2013-04-15	Yes, but why would the "original" reek be doing the torturing or dressed like someone in charge, or look so healthy?  There has been no reek on the show to this point, so trying to explain that this dead guy was him and what that meant would be exceptionally difficult now that he is already dead.  Ramsay could try to pass himself off as Reek, though he is not dressed for the part.  And it's questionable what else he could hope to want from Theon or what more he could reveal that he didn't during torture.  On a side note, I honestly thought when they were pulling off Theon's pants that they were going to castrate him.
1441	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-15	With all the crap Ramsey does, is it really that hard to believe he'd play a handful of soldiers from the Dreadfort? I really doubt that guy was an important "torturer", I'm pretty sure anyone could turn a crank and stick a pin into someones hand and Ramsey really wouldn't be too concerned over replacing them at will.
Informing soldiers of Theons escape and then hunting down Theon for sport...while disposing of expendable garrison from the Dreadfort in the process just to mindf%#k Theon doesn't at all seem out of character for the Bastard of Bolton. It's actually probably one of the least scumbag things he's got on his ledger.
And...there really doesn't need to even be a prior Reek at this point. That ship has sailed or they would have had him at Winterfell. It's a lot of back story and stuff to cram in now just to say Theon is the "new" Reek...Ramsey could just start calling him that just because and it doesn't have to be anymore complicated than that.
					
					
							Edited by White Harbors Wrath, 15 April 2013 - 09:24 AM.
1442	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	Ramsey is an absolute sociopath, is it really that much a stretch to think he wouldn't sacrifice his own goons for his sport?
He wouldn't think twice about killing them, he has more men after all, and it really sells to Theon that he is trying to help him.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 15 April 2013 - 09:23 AM.
1443	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	Something occured to me. Maybe the reason why Ramsey freed Theon and then met up with him later is because he wants to get his trust. Theon will lead him to Yara (or at least somewhere where there are Ironborn, judging from the promo of next week's episode). Maybe Ramsey's plan is to infiltrate the Ironborn's castle and then during the night open the gates so his men can take over it, gaining more land and power for the Boltons. There are some flaws in my theory though:Yes, I think infiltrating an Ironborn occupied castle with minimal losses is worth killing 5 Bolton soldiers. But Ramsey has to make sure Asha is not there, because she can blow the "your sister sent me" comment down pretty fast.The infiltration part comes very late in the books(somewhere in the next season). Maybe he'll use Theon to infiltrate more than one castle under ironborn occupation, with torture sessions in between the conquests.
1444	freetickles	2013-04-15	Yes, I think infiltrating an Ironborn occupied castle with minimal losses is worth killing 5 Bolton soldiers. But Ramsey has to make sure Asha is not there, because she can blow the "your sister sent me" comment down pretty fast.The infiltration part comes very late in the books(somewhere in the next season). Maybe he'll use Theon to infiltrate more than one castle under ironborn occupation, with torture sessions in between the conquests.I don't buy this. Theon will be "Reek" before the infiltration happens. The killing of the 5 soldiers (who are not Domeric or otherwise important) was just Ramsay being an asshole and playing his midfuck with Theon. The real torturing has yet to begin.
1445	Tadco26	2013-04-15	With all the crap Ramsey does, is it really that hard to believe he'd play a handful of soldiers from the Dreadfort? I really doubt that guy was an important "torturer", I'm pretty sure anyone could turn a crank and stick a pin into someones hand and Ramsey really wouldn't be too concerned over replacing them at will.Well they are at war with most of the Bolton forces south with Robb.  There aren't exactly a surplus of extra soldiers out there to replace them with.  Plus the torturer was clearly made out to be like he was in charge of the process, doing the questioning not just the torture itself.  It also seems he was trusted enough to presumably be in on the ruse.  That is presuming that Theon was released with the intention of hunting him down again similar to what happened to him in the book.Informing soldiers of Theons escape and then hunting down Theon for sport...while disposing of expendable garrison from the Dreadfort in the process just to mindf%#k Theon doesn't at all seem out of character for the Bastard of Bolton. It's actually probably one of the least scumbag things he's got on his ledger.I'm certainly willing to see where it all leads before condemning it completely, but so far it doesn't make a lot of sense.  Killing four of them just to gain Theon's trust..  It just depends on where the story goes next.
1446	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-15	I don't really think Ramsey is all that concerned with any war effort or shortages of manpower/soldiers. He seems entirely consumed with entertaining himself at the expense of others.
1447	Milcov	2013-04-15	I expect Domeric will be like he is in the books, a character mentioned later on by Roose to highlight Ramsay's evil and manipulation and to cast pity on Roose as he becomes a more pivotal character.
1448	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I don't really think Ramsey is all that concerned with any war effort or shortages of manpower/soldiers. He seems entirely consumed with entertaining himself at the expense of others.the only reason he can do what he does is because he has loyal dreadfort men to help him.  they wouldn't stay loyal for long (especially because they report to roose so the cat would be out the bag)
1449	Catherine Storm	2013-04-15	I'm pulling my hair out with this story line.  I loved the Reek/Theon chapters and annoys me that I don't know what's going on with the show.
1450	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-15	the only reason he can do what he does is because he has loyal dreadfort men to help him.  they wouldn't stay loyal for long (especially because they report to roose so the cat would be out the bag)Why would the Dreadfort men ever find out the true story of what happened. It's not like Theon is a trustworthy source of information even if he spilled. As far as anyone knows 5 guys got lost in the woods and Ramsey brought the prize back.
1451	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Why would the Dreadfort men ever find out the true story of what happened. It's not like Theon is a trustworthy source of information even if he spilled. As far as anyone knows 5 guys got lost in the woods and Ramsey brought the prize back.How would the Dreadfort men think Theon escapted in the first place, got loose, got a horse, got out of the castle..all on his own?  Not believable.  Why would any of the Dreadfort men help Theon escape?  They wouldn't.  Not believable.  So, the story the show  has constructed appears to be illogical if you think about for more than 10 seconds.
1452	cybobbie	2013-04-15	If Domeric were alive, Roose wouldn't have sent his bastard to take Winterfell from Theon.I second that, Roose mentions that Ramsey is in charge, so Domeric is already dead, so no need to mention that Domeric was far from a torturer.
1453	freetickles	2013-04-15	How would the Dreadfort men think Theon escapted in the first place, got loose, got a horse, got out of the castle..all on his own?  Not believable.  Why would any of the Dreadfort men help Theon escape?  They wouldn't.  Not believable.  So, the story the show  has constructed appears to be illogical if you think about for more than 10 seconds.The guys who chased after Theon obviously didn't question that he had simply escaped. When Ramsay shows up with Theon and says Theon managed to kill the other dudes before Ramsay could catch up with them, I don't know who's going to question him.
1454	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-15	That's the problem. Too much thinking about something and finely dissecting something that probably is a moot point for the characters overall arc. 7 days between shows is too much time to contemplate minutia.
Ramsey is evil...he killed some guys that probably were sent for Theon by himself. The last soldier, shocked, sees the person who gave the chase order is the also the guy killing him and calls him Bastard as a wink wink to readers. It really doesn't need to be more complicated than that.
1455	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	The guys who chased after Theon obviously didn't question that he had simply escaped. When Ramsay shows up with Theon and says Theon managed to kill the other dudes before Ramsay could catch up with them, I don't know who's going to question him.Yes, but it does not make sense, like I said, if you think about it.  He couldn't possibly escape himself, get out of the castle with a horse unless someone helped him.  We know that nobody at the Dreadfort is going to cross the Boltons like that and that there is no benefit to doing so for someone to do it, the chances that Theon would escape all the way back to Pyke in order to reward whomever helped him escape would be slim to none, which any Dreadfort person would know.  So, the whole thing is illogical from top to bottom if the premise is that the Dreadfort men really thought Theon escaped and Ramsey killed his own guys and then is going to blame it on Theon, weak from torture but was able to shoot 5 men down? It would have made a lot more sense and been logically consistent if the entire hunt was staged and Ramsey just then took him back to captivity instead of killing his own guys.
1456	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-15	The show doesn't have the luxury of chapter upon chapter of inuendos and Ramsey heresay to prove what an ahole Ramsey is, so they may have to offend book reader logic to prove a faster point in an already rushed adaptation. I agree there are holes...but theres been bigger one in the Ramsey/Theon/Hornblower saga than just 5 guys going missing. The other couple hundred people at the Dreadfort will probably not miss them...there's a war going on...I'm pretty sure they're not the first people to go missing without explanation.
1457	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	It's very sloppy plot construction that only holds up if you don't think about it, and could easily have been done in the context of the show without the mile wide plot holes of Ramsey killing 5 of his own men, which presumes they are not a part of his 'hunts' and that apparently the Dreadfort is run so loosely that the heir to the Iron Islands can escape all on his own, because no one at the Dreadfort was in on letting him escape.
1458	morky	2013-04-15	Your theory is pretty cool but there's just no way it Domeric. 
I also don't see any continuity errors here. I find it completely believable that Ramsay does this. This is all for fun. He didn't tell the guards he was going to let Theon go, he just did it, and probably chirped them for letting him escape and told them to go after him. See it wasn't just a hunt for Theon, it was a hunt for all the Bolton men. Ramsay don't give a fuck about these guys. He came up to them and ordered them to torture Theon while he pretended to be a janitor. What were they going to say? "No , Lord Ramsay". He would have tortured THEM if they said no. People don't mess with Ramsay because hes batshit insane and is the heir to the Dreadfort.. This guy yells "bastard" before he dies because hes probably been thinking for a while that Ramsay would kill him for no reason, which in fact, Ramsay does.
Gotta say I am loving this storyline. Such a great introduction to one of the best villians of all time.  I literally jumped up when the dieing torture says "Oh, you little bastard" ahha.
1459	tito5601	2013-04-15	the guy who was killed last by boy is lord torturer no?
1460	Kasrith	2013-04-15	We know from the book that Ramsay became the heir of Roose Bolton only after Domeric Bolton, the rightful heir to the Dreadfort suffered an unfortunate 'accident', most likely by Ramsay's hands, as Roose himself tells Theon at a later time.Could the producers insert that in the tv show to better portray Ramsay's true character?Until this episode I believed everything in the Dreadfort dungeon with Theon's torturers was just a ploy and everybody knew that the guy torturing Theon was not Ramsay, and they played along in his escape so that Ramsay could have one of his little hunts.Now I believe his position is a normal one for a bastard raised at his lord father's court. Jon was a exception for many reasons, and even him had some problems with Cat.I believe Ramsay released Theon not for his own entertainment, but to set a trap for his brother. Once he'll trick Theon in revealing all that happened at Winterfell, he'll just take Theon back to the Dreadfort, accuse Theon for the death of Domeric and his guards, and force Roose to declare him his next heir, especially after getting the information from Theon, proving his worth as his father's right hand.This will really change the scene with Roose and Reek/Theon having their first face to face.This doesn't work because Roose wouldn't have told Robb that he would send his bastard to Winterfell if he had a true born living son at the time...
1461	Aeternum	2013-10-03	The character who tortured Theon and wanted to fuck him into the dirt is credited as "Skinner" on IMDB.

I don't think he has a name or anything, he's just an unidentified torturer at the Dreadfort (although he seemed to be the leader of the guys who were torturing Theon, and he definitely took part in Operation Winterfell because he was wearing Dagmer's robes.)

So, definitely not Domeric Bolton. IIRC, there was an interview with Iwan Rheon where he talked about Ramsay's backstory in the TV show, and his fratricide was one of the things Rheon mentioned. So, yeah, Domeric is also dead in HBO-canon.

					
					
							Edited by Aeternum, 03 October 2013 - 01:35 AM.
1462	LordStoneheart	2013-04-15	My sister, a non-reader, just told me she loved how much more ruthless Robb seems since season 1. She thinks it's quite attractive, and really routes for him. I'm actually dreading the look on her face when...
Yeah.
So, I've also seen it said that he is becoming an unsympathetic character and his story arc this season won't be appreciated by time the season ends. I completely disagree. This episode with Edmure really impressed me with how Richard has portrayed Robb and certain aspects of how the writers have written him. (with the exception of "i don't want to marry the Frey girl," I don't think he's too out of character from the books.) Robb in the show is now seeming more kingly in my view.
Does anyone else agree?
1463	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	It seems to me there's been lots of Robb time last season and this, but little to no time with him waging war.  I dunno, it's hard for me to remember at this point that he's part of the fight to win the war, we just haven't seen it.  Maybe that's too harsh, but . . . just my gut feeling.
1464	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	I'm lovin Robb.  Laughing at his grandfather's funeral was not cool though
1465	Montey14	2013-04-15	Well he has to act like a king now....and Edmure completely blew up his strategy.....hence he has to make up for it by marrying roslin Frey....and ....well we know the rest.......
1466	teemo	2013-04-15	I still think he sucks and I don't sympathize with TV! Robb at all.  What kind of king snickers at his grandpa's funeral like a 5 year old?
1467	tito5601	2013-04-15	It seems to me there's been lots of Robb time last season and this, but little to no time with him waging war.  I dunno, it's hard for me to remember at this point that he's part of the fight to win the war, we just haven't seen it.  Maybe that's too harsh, but . . . just my gut feeling. i would of like to see more or war version of robb in the season watch him fight abit other than just talk
1468	teemo	2013-04-15	We've only seen one battle the entire series...it's kind of weird.
1469	juanml82	2013-04-15	Well, TV!Robb knows he's loosing the war and is starting to get desperate. The actor conveys that well. I didn't like his interactions with Edmure, and they certainly don't look mature. They are well interpreted, what I mean is that I don't like the character's action.
Laughing at the Lord Paramount of the Riverlands and his highest ranking officer at his grandfather's funeral is definitely not something a king should do. Ranting at Edmure when he (Robb) failed to communicate his full plans, and without a reason as in the books, it's poor leadership. Furthermore, he undermines Edmure's authority over the Blackfish. Edmure, and not the BF, is the Lord of the Riverlands.
I don't know. If I hadn't read the books, I might begin to root for the South this season.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 15 April 2013 - 09:35 PM.
1470	lannistergold	2013-04-15	I like TV!Robb. He couldn't relish the thought of arresting his mom, and it's a very sad thing to see happen, but her actions more or less amounted to treason, so what could he do? As in the books, he made a huge strategic blunder in only giving partial instructions to Edmure, and seeks to shift blame - not exactly praiseworthy, but I can't imagine there's much leeway for an absolute monarch to admit that he was wrong.
1471	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-15	My boyfriend said he'd quit the show if Robb dies. Mwahaha!!!
1472	shiola	2013-04-15	Well my nonreader friend still likes him, so that's good.  One of my reader friends despises him and wants to see him die.  I'm in the middle.  It's his relationship with Cat that I love the most, especially in rewatching S1E10.  If we get more scenes like that, or him yelling at Edmure because at least that was him *DOING* something related to the war, more people will come back around to him before the RW.
Whether I like him more or not, I care more about TV Robb than I ever did about book Robb
1473	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-15	I never saw it as a blunder of him not spelling every detail out to Edmure.  He said hold Riverrun and Edmure knew what he wanted, but wanted glory for himself, on TV and in the books.  Clearly, Robb's snicker wasn't out of amusement but out of frustrations with Edmure. I can see him thinking that, you have the nerve to disobey my orders and go after the mountain because you want to be the Lord of Riverrun and have a song sang in your name, other than the ballad of the floppy fish, yet you cannot even shoot an arrow straight enough to light the funeral pyre.
1474	Janicia	2013-04-15	Robb had no relationship with his grandfather.  Snickering at anybody's funeral isn't kingly, but that funeral wasn't ever going to be particularly emotional to Robb.
1475	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Robb had no relationship with his grandfather.  Snickering at anybody's funeral isn't kingly, but that funeral wasn't ever going to be particularly emotional to Robb.Still though, he's Ned Starks son. I know he's young but that was very odd for his character to chuckle when his mother is standing right there mourning the loss of her father. Not to mention he's their king and giggling is not a very regal thing to do at a funeral.
1476	Silverx2	2013-04-15	it was less of a snicker and more of a "are you serious?" 
Regarding Edmure not having full knowledge, Robb has just made his first trip to riverrun in the show, and as such all of his discussions with edmure have been via raven. To tell Edmure the entire plan would have been stupid. if someone intercepts the raven the plan is ruined. Robb told him to hold riverrun, and edmure decided to ride out and meet the mountain, against the explicit, STAY AT RIVERRUN order.
Robb i think really nailed his dressing down of edmure. "Do you think Tywin lanister is going to sow for peace because i have his... brothers.. grandsons?" It was brilliant as he had to stop and think just how far removed are these two kids from Tywin. the line about the troops was also brilliant. Robb is being shown to be an intelligent general, while making mistakes any young king might make without the guidance of a father figure. Tywin looks more brilliant in the show due to upcoming events because of it. the north could have still won the war if not for the judas actions
1477	victim	2013-04-15	it was less of a snicker and more of a "are you serious?"I got that too, I saw it as an awkward exhale more than an actual snicker. Anyway, I feel I lost a lot of confidence in Robb's characterisation after Season 2, seeing as pretty much all of his screentime was devoted to his relationship with Talisa. Richard Madden stated in the Comic-Con panel that he prefers playing action over romance and I think you can see that in his performance. He's an extremely interesting character when he's talking about strategy with his commanders and mother, but the romance scenes (as few as they were) just dragged. I'm assuming we'll see less of the latter this year seeing as the relationship with his Queen has already developed enough..
1478	Lord Godric	2013-04-15	So, I've also seen it said that he is becoming an unsympathetic character and his story arc this season won't be appreciated by time the season ends. I completely disagree. This episode with Edmure really impressed me with how Richard has portrayed Robb and certain aspects of how the writers have written him. (with the exception of "i don't want to marry the Frey girl," I don't think he's too out of character from the books.) Robb in the show is now seeming more kingly in my view.Does anyone else agree?I absolutely agree with you.  I think the absolute best acting we've seen from Richard was his scene with Edmure.  And I'm really looking forward to his future scenes this season, especially with Rickard Karstark.
1479	The Fourth Head	2013-04-16	Marrying the paragon of virtue, Miss Talisa Nightingale, after she ribbed him for being the cause of so much death, makes him, IMO more sympathetic.
I agree with Lord Godric, Madden's scene with Edmure was fantastic. Those narrowing angry eyes to punctuate the point. Wow.
1480	The Fourth Head	2013-04-16	I got that too, I saw it as an awkward exhale more than an actual snicker.Anyway, I feel I lost a lot of confidence in Robb's characterisation after Season 2, seeing as pretty much all of his screentime was devoted to his relationship with Talisa. Richard Madden stated in the Comic-Con panel that he prefers playing action over romance and I think you can see that in his performance. He's an extremely interesting character when he's talking about strategy with his commanders and mother, but the romance scenes (as few as they were) just dragged. I'm assuming we'll see less of the latter this year seeing as the relationship with his Queen has already developed enough..I think they were using Talisa as a foil to emphasise the moral dilemma of his cause since Joffrey beheaded Ned.Since Ned died, Robb's cause was no longer an honourable rescue mission to defend his family and save Ned.It became about revenge, power, control and peer pressure- "THE KING IN THE NORTH!" those were not his original motives.What made it worse was deciding to punish his mother for attempting to rescue his sisters. He was choosing power and strategy over reuniting and saving his family. Sure, Cat plan was not the most pragmatic, but by punishing his mother, what was he fighting for? Was he is fighting for his family, or against them? He seems to have done a 180 degree flip in terms of setting out to rescue family members, to actively punishing his mums efforts to reunite them. Why? For the sake of discipline, to maintain his own cause's control and power.Robb's cause has been soured, though to be fair to him, a lot of that was out of his control. His men are with him for revenge now, there is peer pressure to kill the enemy for the sake of it, and that is why we struggle to see Robb in a sympathetic light now. Events have forced Robb to question what is right and what is wrong- which is what GRRM likes to do with most of his characters.The show version, Talisa, was introduced, I believe, to enable us to question Robb's cause, his motives, and show us that Robb recognises virtue when he sees it, and isn't just a blinkered war strategist machine.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 16 April 2013 - 08:26 AM.
1481	Juan_Snow	2013-04-16	I'm lovin Robb.  Laughing at his grandfather's funeral was not cool thoughI've seen a lot of people on the boards upset by Robb snickering at Edmund during the funeral.  I didn't really think it was that big of a deal.  If you put it all in perspective Hoster Tully was an old man that survived multiple campaigns and died of natural causes in his own bed.  If you're a Lord and live into your fourties in a land as martial as Westeros you've done pretty well IMO.  He's probably been to more funerals than he can count since the war started, so laughing at his uncle's poor aim didn't seem that out of place.
1482	Sun	2013-04-16	I love book Robb, and I love Richard Madden - though I do think he needs to find a different way of expressing authority and anger than scrunching his face. I hate what they did to Robb on the show- check any of last season's Robb threads for the reasons why.
My non-readers aren't especially attached to Robb, they've decided last season that he's marked for death, this season they are betting on when.
1483	-Ghost-	2013-04-16	Yeah, I also thought it was more along the "are you serious?" lines towards being frustrated with Edmure. I didnt think he was laughing.
1484	The Mighty Conch	2013-04-16	I am not sure why people are getting on his case so much because snickered at Edmure's failure. He wasn't disrespecting his grandfather. He was disrespecting Edmure. I think he has been acting like a King and I can feel a "bit off more than he can chew" vibe coming from him. Which is well suited.
1485	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	My boyfriend said he'd quit the show if Robb dies. Mwahaha!!!LOL.
	Spoiler  time will well, huh? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1486	teemo	2013-04-16	It's sad that they haven't developed Robb better.  Most people I know don't care about him.  However, I do have one friend....English is her second language, so I watched the whole series up to where we are with her, and for some reason at the beginning of season 2 when Robb was in a field with Roose Bolton, she screams, "OMG! You said lots of good people die in this series. He's going to die!! TELL ME TELL ME!!!!" So finally I told her, lol, and she says, "who kills him?!?!?!" I said "that dude next to him" and she just freaked out"WHO THE HELL IS THAT WHAT OMG OMG?!?!?"....haha.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 11:41 AM.
1487	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	It's sad that they haven't developed Robb better.  Most people I know don't care about him.  However, I do have one friend....English is her second language, so I watched the whole series up to where we are with her, and for some reason at the beginning of season 2 when Robb was in a field with Roose Bolton, she screams, "OMG! You said lots of good people die in this series. He's going to die!! TELL ME TELL ME!!!!" So finally I told her, lol, and she says, "who kills him?!?!?!" I said "that dude next to him" and she just freaked out"WHO THE HELL IS THAT WHAT OMG OMG?!?!?"....haha.OMG WHY DID YOU TELL HER. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1488	teemo	2013-04-16	OMG WHY DID YOU TELL HER. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />haha she was SCREECHING. "TELL ME NOW. NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!!!!"
1489	Roose Seal	2013-04-16	I'm not sure about Robb as a character but Madden is hot when he gets angry, so as far as I'm concerned, his scene with Edmure gets him an Outstanding O.W.L.
1490	Effie	2013-04-16	I'm not sure about Robb as a character but Madden is hot when he gets angry, so as far as I'm concerned, his scene with Edmure gets him an Outstanding O.W.L. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I like his portrayal a lot. I think the difference from the book is mainly due to the fact that they have an older actor for the role than the part in the book, which makes the viewer forget that he actually has no idea what he's doing. (but does surprisingly well)Snickering at the funeral reminded me that he is not the adult, composed person that everyone needs him to be. And his scene with Edmure showed his anger as well as his fear. I agree with those who say that Robb knows he's not on the winning side anymore.
1491	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Robb had no relationship with his grandfather.  Snickering at anybody's funeral isn't kingly, but that funeral wasn't ever going to be particularly emotional to Robb.Then why take your whole damn army there specifically to attend the funeral after marching from the Crag to HH then back to RR?
1492	Rapsie	2013-04-16	The reaction to Robb is the same from folk I know who just feel he is a "meh" character. Ironically the RW may not seem like a big deal to most people. In the books it was a shock. In the TV series it is obvious from a mile off that he's doomed.
1493	KingWolf	2013-04-16	Someone mentioned Robb may have been laughing because he was reminded of Bran.I quiet like that idea.
1494	Roose Seal	2013-04-16	Someone mentioned Robb may have been laughing because he was reminded of Bran.I quiet like that idea.I also got that impression mostly because they gave us that flashback/vision of Bran with a bow in the previous episode. If that's what they intended to do, very well played and subtle.
1495	Tadco26	2013-04-16	TV Robb almost makes me a Frey sympathizer.  He expects others to keep their vows and obey, but he doesn't keep his own.  He is older than book Robb and should be wiser, but acts more foolish.  He seems to have zero regard for how his actions negatively impact his situation, where younger book Robb at least realized what a problem it created. Basicly he decided to marry who ever he wanted on a whim becaue he felt like it, and everyone else be damned.  Even though he had the council of his mother against it before hand, he knew his bannermen didn't like Talisa, he had no social obligations to marry her, and didn't have the emotional toll of his brother's deaths setting up the situation.  
Book Robb's decision may have ultimately been equally foolish, but it was a very "Ned" like decision.  Doing something to protect someone he loved in Jeyne regardless of the consequences to himself, much like Ned "confessing" to treason before being beheaded.  Conversely marrying Talisa because he feels like it against the council of everyone else comes across as a very selfish decision.
1496	shiola	2013-04-16	On the re-watch I just did, his laugh really wasn't that big a deal.  It was more like a "Pshh look at this jackass" sort of a thing.
1497	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	haha she was SCREECHING. "TELL ME NOW. NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!!!!"There are other things you can do in that situation, other than spoil GoT.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1498	teemo	2013-04-16	There are other things you can do in that situation, other than spoil GoT.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />hey if someone screams at me over and over again, i'm going to spoil, lol. i actually like spoilers and ask for them all the time, and expect people to answer /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1499	victim	2013-04-16	Ironically the RW may not seem like a big deal to most people. In the books it was a shock. In the TV series it is obvious from a mile off that he's doomed.That's in hindsight though. If you re-read ASoS it's obvious the RW will occur from a mile off; there's so much foreboding, so many hints. I felt a sense of impending doom before the Rains of Castamere started playing the first time I read it because George intended it to be that way. It doesn't mean I knew what was coming though.
1500	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	That's in hindsight though. If you re-read ASoS it's obvious the RW will occur from a mile off; there's so much foreboding, so many hints. I felt a sense of impending doom before the Rains of Castamere started playing the first time I read it because George intended it to be that way. It doesn't mean I knew what was coming though.Yeah, as I read aSoS the first time, I knew Robb was doomed. I felt a little optimism at the whole "We're going home after we see my uncle married," but throughout the whole book you knew their chances were really bad. In fact Robb even says even with the Frey's backing them it was a longshot after Tywin escapes and joins with Mace Tyrell's host.
1501	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	Then why take your whole damn army there specifically to attend the funeral after marching from the Crag to HH then back to RR?Bingo.
1502	Spring Snow	2013-04-16	I never particularly cared for Robb in the books either, though his death did make me quite sad. It was Cat's death that hit me the hardest, not to mention the fate of all of the neat background northern characters like Manderly's son, the Greatjon and Dacey Mormont. Their scramble to protect Robb even though they know it's all over was very powerful.
The Red Wedding isn't just a big deal for the deaths, but for the implications; what it means for Robb's cause, how their deaths will effect poor Sansa and Arya, and the huge shift of power in the Frey's and Bolton's favor while destroying their reputations beyond repair. Even if people don't particularly care for TV Robb, I think it will still be quite powerful.
1503	shiola	2013-04-16	Knowing Robb is fucked for the war as a whole and expecting a massacre at a wedding after guest right are two very different things.  It's a huge shock, whether you expect Robb to die soon or not.  I don't think any nonreader will predict Robb's demise to be just as brutal as it is.
1504	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	The Red Wedding isn't just a big deal for the deaths, but for the implications; what it means for Robb's cause, how their deaths will effect poor Sansa and Arya, and the huge shift of power in the Frey's and Bolton's favor while destroying their reputations beyond repair. Even if people don't particularly care for TV Robb, I think it will still be quite powerful.That's a good point. The North as we know it is fucked by the end of aSoS and being led by a sociopathic turncloak. Winterfell in ruins, the rest of the loyal north pretty much in disarray. I'm doubtful these somewhat mroe subtly facts will be as powerful in the show, but Robb will be the last Northerner the viewers know and like after the RW.
1505	Spring Snow	2013-04-16	Another very important thing to establish just how vile the Red Wedding is in my opinion, is to emphasize just how big of a taboo that violating guest right is. That it's essentially considered the worst possible crime there is. I'm not sure how they could do that now without making it incredibly obvious that something horrible will happen, though.That's probably what makes it so powerful in the books, is that powerful feeling of forboding clashing with the uneasy certainty that surely they're safe, no-one would possibly be willing to break the guest right and harm them after they've had bread and salt... right?
					
					
							Edited by Pure As Snow, 16 April 2013 - 09:29 PM.
1506	shiola	2013-04-16	Another very important thing to establish just how vile the Red Wedding is in my opinion, is to emphasize just how big of a taboo that violating guest right is. That it's essentially considered the worst possible crime there is. I'm not sure how they could do that now without making it incredibly obvious that something horrible will happen, though.That's probably what makes it so powerful in the books, is that powerful feeling of forboding clashing with the uneasy certainty that surely they're safe, no-one would possibly be willing to break the guest right and harm them after they've had bread and salt... right?From Bran in CoK: They didn<U+0080><U+0099>t have to tell the truth, but the oaths were binding unless they said <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps,<U+0080><U+009D> so the trick was to say <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps<U+0080><U+009D> so the lord of the crossing didn<U+0080><U+0099>t notice. Then you could try and knock the lord into the water and you got to be lord of the crossing, but only if you<U+0080><U+0099>d said <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps.<U+0080><U+009D> Otherwise you were out of the game.From Catelyn in SoS: <U+0080><U+009C>My lord!<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn had almost forgotten. <U+0080><U+009C>Some food would be most welcome. We have ridden many leagues in the rain.<U+0080><U+009D> Walder Frey<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth moved in and out. <U+0080><U+009C>Food, heh. A loaf of bread, a bite of cheese, mayhaps a sausage.<U+0080><U+009D>Blew my fucking mind on the re-read.
1507	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Well violating guest right is seen as the worst of all crimes according to Old Nan's tale of the Rat Cook. But one bit of dialogue en route to the twins can sort of accomplish that.
"Robb, we must be careful and be sure to ask Lord Frey for bread and salt. Even a prickly man like Walder Frey would not dare harm us and break our guest right...There is no greater crime in the eyes of God's and men." - Catelyn.
Then when they sit down and break bread Cat can look at Robb and give a sigh of relief. THEN BAM.
1508	Talbot	2013-04-16	Well violating guest right is seen as the worst of all crimes according to Old Nan's tale of the Rat Cook. But one bit of dialogue en route to the twins can sort of accomplish that."Robb, we must be careful and be sure to ask Lord Frey for bread and salt. Even a prickly man like Walder Frey would not dare harm us and break our guest right...There is no greater crime in the eyes of God's and men." - Catelyn.Then when they sit down and break bread Cat can look at Robb and give a sigh of relief. THEN BAM.I think Cat saying it makes it a bit too odd. However, if Bran and Co. were to discuss the story and bring up the guest right, it might serve the show better.
1509	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	From Bran in CoK: They didn<U+0080><U+0099>t have to tell the truth, but the oaths were binding unless they said <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps,<U+0080><U+009D> so the trick was to say <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps<U+0080><U+009D> so the lord of the crossing didn<U+0080><U+0099>t notice. Then you could try and knock the lord into the water and you got to be lord of the crossing, but only if you<U+0080><U+0099>d said <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps.<U+0080><U+009D> Otherwise you were out of the game.From Catelyn in SoS: <U+0080><U+009C>My lord!<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn had almost forgotten. <U+0080><U+009C>Some food would be most welcome. We have ridden many leagues in the rain.<U+0080><U+009D> Walder Frey<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth moved in and out. <U+0080><U+009C>Food, heh. A loaf of bread, a bite of cheese, mayhaps a sausage.<U+0080><U+009D>Blew my fucking mind on the re-read.Mind blown.Nice pick up!
1510	shiola	2013-04-16	Glad you enjoyed it!!  I thought the Hound to Arya saying "Maybe we'll make it in time for your uncle's bloody wedding" or the narration of "Grey Wind bared his teeth at the rain" was the best instance of foreshadowing, but then I saw that.  GRRM you sneaky devil.
1511	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I think Cat saying it makes it a bit too odd. However, if Bran and Co. were to discuss the story and bring up the guest right, it might serve the show better.Why would Cat saying it be odd. I suppose she doesn't have to say there is no greater crime, but it will be more reassuring for viewers if Cat says hey we better get some food so we know we're safe, and then when they do the audience feels safer. She says as much in the books anyways, minus the Rat King stuff.
1512	juanml82	2013-04-16	Craster's mutiny seems a nice place to introduce the viewers to guests rights
1513	Spring Snow	2013-04-16	From Bran in CoK: They didn<U+0080><U+0099>t have to tell the truth, but the oaths were binding unless they said <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps,<U+0080><U+009D> so the trick was to say <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps<U+0080><U+009D> so the lord of the crossing didn<U+0080><U+0099>t notice. Then you could try and knock the lord into the water and you got to be lord of the crossing, but only if you<U+0080><U+0099>d said <U+0080><U+009C>Mayhaps.<U+0080><U+009D> Otherwise you were out of the game.From Catelyn in SoS: <U+0080><U+009C>My lord!<U+0080><U+009D> Catelyn had almost forgotten. <U+0080><U+009C>Some food would be most welcome. We have ridden many leagues in the rain.<U+0080><U+009D> Walder Frey<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth moved in and out. <U+0080><U+009C>Food, heh. A loaf of bread, a bite of cheese, mayhaps a sausage.<U+0080><U+009D>Blew my fucking mind on the re-read.Wow, this is amazing! Walder Frey, you cheeky little monkey. I love how many subtle "background" details there are like this crammed into the books.
1514	shiola	2013-04-16	Craster's mutiny seems a nice place to introduce the viewers to guests rightsOh, that could work.  Do the wildlings follow guest right?  I'd imagine they could because it's more highly regarded in the North, but I can't remember an instance of them mentioning it.
1515	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Oh, that could work.  Do the wildlings follow guest right?  I'd imagine they could because it's more highly regarded in the North, but I can't remember an instance of them mentioning it.Yes. Mance tells Jon he's safe for the night since he would be protected by guest right at least until the next day.It's also a tradition from the First Men, and it's mentioned that the Old Gods hold it sacred, so you would assume it is followed by even wildlings since they are blood of the First Men.
1516	shiola	2013-04-16	Yes. Mance tells Jon he's safe for the night since he would be protected by guest right at least until the next day.It's also a tradition from the First Men, and it's mentioned that the Old Gods hold it sacred, so you would assume it is followed by even wildlings since they are blood of the First Men.Ah, alright.  Slipped my mind.  Thanks!  That would work out then.
1517	franko99	2013-04-16	I never particularly cared for Robb in the books either, though his death did make me quite sad. It was Cat's death that hit me the hardest, not to mention the fate of all of the neat background northern characters like Manderly's son, the Greatjon and Dacey Mormont. Their scramble to protect Robb even though they know it's all over was very powerful.The Red Wedding isn't just a big deal for the deaths, but for the implications; what it means for Robb's cause, how their deaths will effect poor Sansa and Arya, and the huge shift of power in the Frey's and Bolton's favor while destroying their reputations beyond repair. Even if people don't particularly care for TV Robb, I think it will still be quite powerful. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This, totally agree with everything she said
1518	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-16	I loved this scene w/ Robb and his uncles. It made him look more the wiser and kingly. Great performances all around in that scene.
1519	Spring Snow	2013-04-17	Without any bannermen prominent enough on the show (Aside from... well, Bolton and Karstark. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />) to mow down and really make an impact on viewers, I've been wondering if the Blackfish might play that part in some way. I don't remember him doing anything especially important part afterwards, but I could be mistaken. He's a recognizable face now and his death would be quite meaningful. Book-readers would probably be out for blood, though, at a departure that big for such a fan favorite character.
					
					
							Edited by Pure As Snow, 17 April 2013 - 08:08 AM.
1520	aedalia	2013-04-17	I never saw it as a blunder of him not spelling every detail out to Edmure.  He said hold Riverrun and Edmure knew what he wanted, but wanted glory for himself, on TV and in the books.  Clearly, Robb's snicker wasn't out of amusement but out of frustrations with Edmure. I can see him thinking that, you have the nerve to disobey my orders and go after the mountain because you want to be the Lord of Riverrun and have a song sang in your name, other than the ballad of the floppy fish, yet you cannot even shoot an arrow straight enough to light the funeral pyre.This.Edmure was so pathertic in that scene. I had much more pity for him in the book since I felt like he was panicking more. In the show, his body language looked like a whine of, "I hate arrows! Can someone please do this for me?"
1521	The Fourth Head	2013-04-17	I never particularly cared for Robb in the books either, though his death did make me quite sad. It was Cat's death that hit me the hardest, not to mention the fate of all of the neat background northern characters like Manderly's son, the Greatjon and Dacey Mormont. Their scramble to protect Robb even though they know it's all over was very powerful.The Red Wedding isn't just a big deal for the deaths, but for the implications; what it means for Robb's cause, how their deaths will effect poor Sansa and Arya, and the huge shift of power in the Frey's and Bolton's favor while destroying their reputations beyond repair. Even if people don't particularly care for TV Robb, I think it will still be quite powerful.Absolutely. With Ned, at least we had Robb's cavalry charge to pin our hopes of Stark justice on. With the RW, there is no such comfort. There is that leaden feeling when you start desperately looking for ways the other Starks can turn back the tables, and failing miserably to come up with anything. It's defeat. Sudden, stunning, spectacularly final defeat. In a vile fashion. AFFC and ADWD are a melancholy daze following the RW.It's not just losing Robb and Cat that's the issue, its the reminder that Ned wont get his justice now, and Joffrey will probably carry on grinning indefinitely. I derived no pleasure from Joffrey's demise as I was still in mourning, and the culprit was unclear. In no way did it feel like compensation.The glorious cavalry, the heros who have come to save the day get rubbed out in the most ignominious fashion possible by without so much as getting close to Joffrey. That just doesn't happen in stories. It's the darkest thing I have ever read.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 17 April 2013 - 02:00 PM.
1522	The Fourth Head	2013-04-17	I had no issue with Robb's involuntary laugh.
Many people find it impossibly hard not to laugh when they feel awkward, and that was a very awkward situation. Everyone was so sombre, so serious, everyone knew the ceremonial procedure, and yet, Hoster Tully was sailing round the river bend.
It WAS funny, and what made it all the more difficult was the fact that he knew perfectly well you shouldn't laugh at funerals surrounded by your grieving relatives  He meant no disrespect. He had never met Lord Hoster Tully, so he was not in mourning, and he knew his only job was to act respectfully for his family's benefit.
To his credit, he stifled it, he's just human, and Catelyn was bound to give him dagger eyes as a result. He knew it- he just couldn't quite quell it.
We have all been there.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 17 April 2013 - 01:52 PM.
1523	Dove	2013-04-17	Without any bannermen prominent enough on the show (Aside from... well, Bolton and Karstark. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />) to mow down and really make an impact on viewers, I've been wondering if the Blackfish might play that part in some way. I don't remember him doing anything especially important part afterwards, but I could be mistaken. He's a recognizable face now and his death would be quite meaningful. Book-readers would probably be out for blood, though, at a departure that big for such a fan favorite character.He does some stuff in the background but it probably wouldn't translate well to a TV show anyway. This could actually be really good, especially if he's the one that overturns the table to block the crossbow quarrels like the Greatjon. (I really hope they leave that part in, no matter who does it.)
1524	Silverx2	2013-04-17	He needs to hold riverrun, he needs to have the face to face with jamie, and then he needs to sneak talisa to freedom of volantis. that is, if any of my crackpot theories are right.
1525	Head of The Ned	2013-04-17	I like how they are building Robb up, he is gonna be in every episode this season that is for sure. Viewers will think that he is gonna return North with Bolton and his men after the wedding to retake the North and then..... :'(
It's going to take the wind out of viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 17 April 2013 - 09:06 PM.
1526	AliKat	2013-04-17	He does some stuff in the background but it probably wouldn't translate well to a TV show anyway. This could actually be really good, especially if he's the one that overturns the table to block the crossbow quarrels like the Greatjon. (I really hope they leave that part in, no matter who does it.)That was Smalljon. Greatjon is alive and a hostage. The actor for Greatjon won't be on this season which is SO sad. They never included Smalljon on the show at all nor Dacey which really sucks. And Lady Mormont was only there to laugh at the King in the North scene.Brynden can't replace the other Northern bannermen for a reason ie what part he plays in AFFC (the convo with Jaime at a certain place)I love Robb to death and I'm really sad that it seems like this year he's really getting a lot of hate. But  I think a lot of is because as Richard Madden said prior to the premier, Robb is burnt out and running on empty right now. I think its really showing in his scenes - he's losing hope and frustrated. Anothert thing I've noticed is that the chemistry he and Talisa used to have is completely gone. I don't know if that's part of the fact he's burnt out too or if maybe buyers' remorse for Robb too. 'Course Talisa's personality changed from S2 to now - she's not fiesty anymore.The fact that the RW might be taken as anything else than horrible by the viewers is so sad to me. It was the worst thing in the books and I was devastated. But the best bannermen aren't going to be there and so on. The fact Arya is outside the wedding is going to be impactful because you know Maisie will kill those scenes and make everyone weep. I'm really wonder what they're going to do with Talisa being there.
					
					
							Edited by AliKat, 17 April 2013 - 09:41 PM.
1527	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-17	I had no issue with Robb's involuntary laugh.Many people find it impossibly hard not to laugh when they feel awkward, and that was a very awkward situation. Everyone was so sombre, so serious, everyone knew the ceremonial procedure, and yet, Hoster Tully was sailing round the river bend.It WAS funny, and what made it all the more difficult was the fact that he knew perfectly well you shouldn't laugh at funerals surrounded by your grieving relatives  He meant no disrespect. He had never met Lord Hoster Tully, so he was not in mourning, and he knew his only job was to act respectfully for his family's benefit.To his credit, he stifled it, he's just human, and Catelyn was bound to give him dagger eyes as a result. He knew it- he just couldn't quite quell it.We have all been there.I think the eyes were more for him to be cool.  He was angry, he didn't think it was funny.
1528	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-17	That was Smalljon. Greatjon is alive and a hostage. The actor for Greatjon won't be on this season which is SO sad. They never included Smalljon on the show at all nor Dacey which really sucks. And Lady Mormont was only there to laugh at the King in the North scene.Brynden can't replace the other Northern bannermen for a reason ie what part he plays in AFFC (the convo with Jaime at a certain place)I love Robb to death and I'm really sad that it seems like this year he's really getting a lot of hate. But  I think a lot of is because as Richard Madden said prior to the premier, Robb is burnt out and running on empty right now. I think its really showing in his scenes - he's losing hope and frustrated. Anothert thing I've noticed is that the chemistry he and Talisa used to have is completely gone. I don't know if that's part of the fact he's burnt out too or if maybe buyers' remorse for Robb too. 'Course Talisa's personality changed from S2 to now - she's not fiesty anymore.The fact that the RW might be taken as anything else than horrible by the viewers is so sad to me. It was the worst thing in the books and I was devastated. But the best bannermen aren't going to be there and so on. The fact Arya is outside the wedding is going to be impactful because you know Maisie will kill those scenes and make everyone weep. I'm really wonder what they're going to do with Talisa being there.The Great John actor just had his ear bitten of in a bar fight.
1529	AliKat	2013-04-19	The Great John actor just had his ear bitten of in a bar fight.Yeah but he wasn't on S2-S3 for other reasons (another gig) which was disappointing. He was by far my favorite bannerman on the show.
1530	SummerSong	2013-04-19	Richard Madden was Hot in this episode -- handsome, thoughtful and kingly. I enjoyed the hell out of it. We have seen very little of this side of him since Talisa entered the picture.... Robb is burnt out and running on empty right now. I think its really showing in his scenes - he's losing hope and frustrated.Agreed. After waging an extraordinarily successful long war that won even arrogant Tywin Lannister's grudging respect, things are falling apart. Young Robb has been outmaneuvered by a master. Of course he is burned out and intolerant of costly mistakes. Edmure clearly knew he disobeyed Robb's orders because there was "plenty of glory to go around." He was naive about potential serious consequences, and Robb is angry. Many kings and lords would have reacted far worse. Fair or not, heads would be rolling, literally and figuratively.Many/most Unsullied are fiercely loyal to the Stark family and rooting for their eventual triumph. Regardless of Robb's strategic blunder in marrying Talisa rather than a Frey, they will be devastated at the RW. And at Sansa's forced political marriage into the despised enemy Lannister family. The Internet will light up with howling and threats to boycott GoT, just as it was after Ned's beheading. In the meantime, I hope he has several more strong scenes so his fans can enjoy the little time we have left with King Robb and Catelyn.
1531	Dove	2013-04-19	The Great John actor just had his ear bitten of in a bar fight.Life imitates art
1532	Jasta11	2013-04-19	Honeslty, I find Robb's actor so much better than Jon's. He nails most of the scenes he's in. I sometimes wish their actors had been switched because after S3, it's bye-bye Robb.
Don't get me wrong, Kit is fine. But if only he could avoid having that ''duh?'' look in half his scenes...
1533	Masamune	2013-04-19	TV Robb almost makes me a Frey sympathizer.  He expects others to keep their vows and obey, but he doesn't keep his own.  He is older than book Robb and should be wiser, but acts more foolish.  He seems to have zero regard for how his actions negatively impact his situation, where younger book Robb at least realized what a problem it created. Basicly he decided to marry who ever he wanted on a whim becaue he felt like it, and everyone else be damned.  Even though he had the council of his mother against it before hand, he knew his bannermen didn't like Talisa, he had no social obligations to marry her, and didn't have the emotional toll of his brother's deaths setting up the situation.  Book Robb's decision may have ultimately been equally foolish, but it was a very "Ned" like decision.  Doing something to protect someone he loved in Jeyne regardless of the consequences to himself, much like Ned "confessing" to treason before being beheaded.  Conversely marrying Talisa because he feels like it against the council of everyone else comes across as a very selfish decision.+1
1534	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-19	Life imitates artIt appears so.
1535	Lady Arwen	2013-04-20	They dropped the ball when they changed Robb's love interest from a girl whose honour he unwittingly compromised in a moment of grief to a girl he fell in love with, causing him to blatantly disregard his promise to the Freys. It does change the dynamic of the RW. D&D played themselves with this change; what was the reason for not sticking with the original Jeyne Westerling story? 
I think Richard plays the character rather well, but there is only so much he can do.
1536	Zman1863	2013-04-21	They dropped the ball when they changed Robb's love interest from a girl whose honour he unwittingly compromised in a moment of grief to a girl he fell in love with, causing him to blatantly disregard his promise to the Freys. It does change the dynamic of the RW. D&D played themselves with this change; what was the reason for not sticking with the original Jeyne Westerling story?I think Richard plays the character rather well, but there is only so much he can do.I think the reason why they had to change the original story of Robb's marriage is that he is being played by an actor who is at least 10 years older than the age Robb is in the books. The huge political blunder that was Robb's marriage came about mostly as a result of Robb's youth. I think it's strongly implied that the Westerlings arranged for Jeyne to be dangled in front of Robb. This scenario is highly believable when the character is 16, but it would seem that a man in his late 20s would be much less easily manipulated. Because of this I don't object to the creation of a modified story arc for Robb's marriage. However, it's execution left much to be desired. Still, I think that they can still get to essentially the same place with what they have before them. I think it's sort of comparable to the Dany stuff from last season. The stolen dragons storyline wasn't a great adaptation of Dany's ACOK story, but it has not as of yet had any ill effects on this season and I don't expect it to in the future episodes.Some aspects of the TV adaptation have been failures, but the essential character stories remain strong. Robb's scenes have stayed true to the tone of the Catelyn chapters and I think they are on track to capturing the essence of Robb's conclusion. The only thing I'm slightly nervous about is them suddenly deciding to stick to Jeyne's story in the books and having Talisa survive. But I can't really see them passing up a golden opportunity to tie up a sloppy loose end.
1537	Gendels Children	2013-05-23	when reading I didn't care too much for Robb, we didn't get his view point so I wasn't too emotionally invested in him. that was up until just before he died, I was very impressed by how he was handling situations like the Karstarks, people might think it was a bad choice but I liked it... and how he had the other guy watch.. hehe gave he sick-joys.. so yeah just when I started to really like him BAM the Redwedding happened and I was like "awwwwww..." but with the TV adaption viewers were able to connect with Robb right away and the whole time through, so it will be interesting to see some of my nonreading-friends reactions to the event.
1538	The Dragon & The Wolf	2013-08-22	I dont understand why people keep saying Robb was laughing at the funeral when he was clearly frustrated at Edmure for not hitting the mark. Someone else already said this but it was more like a "wow, are you effing serious" it was the other guests who were chuckling.
1539	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-15	This one wanted to simply post an appreciation for the witty use, and illustration, of the term "Meereenese Knot" this episode, if it was indeed meant to be a witty use of the term.
Those who have read the books and the forums know what it really refers to, which made it even better.
That is all.
1540	kephv	2013-04-15	It was certainly a nice touch. I'm pretty sure I even smiled -- slightly. Didn't care for the whole Pod scenes overall though.
1541	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	I really liked that scene.After all, Dany's solution for solving the knot(the Sons of the Harpy part at least) was to spread her legs marry that guy whose name I din't bothered to memorise.
1542	Snowman3131	2013-04-17	I read the books, but still don't understand what this is about. Can someone explained what I missed? The "Mereeneese Knot" showed up in a review as a GRRM nod to book readers.
Also...I think LF is using his girls on Pod to find out who Tyrion is involved with (Shae). Why else spend time on that dialogue between LF and Tyrion and "ask Cersi"?
It seems funny now, maybe Bronn and Tyrion don't suspect it, but the girls weren't giving anything away for free. If they aren't suspicious, they are incredibly foolish.
1543	Roose Seal	2013-04-17	I read the books, but still don't understand what this is about. Can someone explained what I missed? The "Mereeneese Knot" showed up in a review as a GRRM nod to book readersThe "Mereenese knot" expression refers to the reason why DwD took so long to write. Martin coined that expression in an interview during which he explained, if I'm not mistaken, that he needed a certain set of characters to all converge to Meereen but couldn't find a way to do so organically and it became like an inextricable knot in the plot.
					
					
							Edited by The Lost Direwolf, 17 April 2013 - 08:25 AM.
1544	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-17	I never got why the Meereneese knot was such a big deal.
I vaguely recall that GRRM was going to do things really differently but then he thought of using Barristan Selmy as a point of view and it suddenly became clear. Because as it stands, I can't see what specifically made writing the convergent storylines at Meereen so difficult.
1545	Maester Domeric	2013-04-17	The "Mereenese knot" expression refers to the reason why DwD took so long to write. Martin coined that expression in an interview during which he explained, if I'm not mistaken, that he needed a certain set of characters to all converge to Meereen but couldn't find a way to do so organically and it became like an inextricable knot in the plot.i was under the impression that "mereenese knot" was a play on the Gordian knot, which is a myth associated with Alexander the Great, in which an intractable problem is solved by thinking outside the box. While im sure everything you said might be true, im almost certain the origin is this.
1546	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-17	i was under the impression that "mereenese knot" was a play on the Gordian knot, which is a myth associated with Alexander the Great, in which an intractable problem is solved by thinking outside the box. While im sure everything you said might be true, im almost certain the origin is this.Yes, The Lost Direwolf is correct in what the term refers to and you're correct in that the name is derived from the Gordian knot.
1547	Clariana	2013-04-17	I never got why the Meereneese knot was such a big deal.I vaguely recall that GRRM was going to do things really differently but then he thought of using Barristan Selmy as a point of view and it suddenly became clear. Because as it stands, I can't see what specifically made writing the convergent storylines at Meereen so difficult.I seem to recall that GRRM actually felt the need to write out the different versions of events involved in different characters arriving at Meereen at different times before finally deciding who would arrive when and settling on his final version.  I feel a lot of sympathy for the guy, that approach must have involved a hell of a lot of work.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 17 April 2013 - 09:01 AM.
1548	Kittykatknits	2013-04-17	I never got why the Meereneese knot was such a big deal.I vaguely recall that GRRM was going to do things really differently but then he thought of using Barristan Selmy as a point of view and it suddenly became clear. Because as it stands, I can't see what specifically made writing the convergent storylines at Meereen so difficult.I seem to recall that GRRM actually felt the need to write out the different versions of events involved in different characters arriving at Meereen at different times before finally deciding who would arrive when and settling on his final version.  I feel a lot of sympathy for the guy, that approach must have involved a hell of a lot of work.Martin doesn't outline his books the way some writers do. He keeps the story in his head and takes a "gardener" perspective when writing his books. When it comes to the knot, you are both right. Martin wrote out multiple versions of the Meereen storyline, changing the order which others arrived (Quentyn, Vic, Tyrion, etc.) and the version he felt worked best is what we got in the books. The second big problem he had was how to write out the Mereen story the way he wanted with Dany gone. This is how Barry became a POV.
1549	Buckwheat	2013-04-17	I sadly did not get the Meereeneese knot reference. I usually relisten to the scenes if I have trouble understanding, but during this scene it seemed unnecessary since I figured they are not saying anything important anyway, and I wanted to get the scene done with. So I only caught "Meereneese" something. Only on the forum did I get what it was about. It is a nice shout out, really.
1550	boojam	2013-04-17	This one wanted to simply post an appreciation for the witty use, and illustration, of the term "Meereenese Knot" this episode, if it was indeed meant to be a witty use of the term.Those who have read the books and the forums know what it really refers to, which made it even better.That is all.What's odd (and I posted this elsewhere) if there are two seasons beyond 4 there may be a defacto version of the Knot!
1551	Corvus Albus	2013-04-17	I really liked the reference.
So now we know that four women can do a proper Mereeneese Knot. The gril in the brothel is one, obviously Dany will be the second, so two more are left. Ashara Dayne, Septa Lemore or Wylla maybe? /idea.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':idea:' />
					
					
							Edited by Corvus Albus, 17 April 2013 - 01:34 PM.
1552	Snowman3131	2013-04-17	Many thanks!
1553	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-18	Martin doesn't outline his books the way some writers do. He keeps the story in his head and takes a "gardener" perspective when writing his books. When it comes to the knot, you are both right. Martin wrote out multiple versions of the Meereen storyline, changing the order which others arrived (Quentyn, Vic, Tyrion, etc.) and the version he felt worked best is what we got in the books. The second big problem he had was how to write out the Mereen story the way he wanted with Dany gone. This is how Barry became a POV.Interesting. I thought Barry's chapters worked really well.
1554	Roose Seal	2013-04-18	Interesting. I thought Barry's chapters worked really well.Agreed. It was probably the most exciting Essos chapter since "dracarys"
1555	Septon Meribald	2013-04-19	I really liked that scene.After all, Dany's solution for solving the knot(the Sons of the Harpy part at least) was to spread her legs marry that guy whose name I din't bothered to memorise.Just take a note from the "big man" and call them all Harzoo.
1556	Odon	2013-06-12	I still think they should have used that contortionist for another Littlefinger sexposition scene.
"So Littlefinger, how do you intend to bring the Vale of Arryn over to our side?"
"Like this!"
Littlefinger summons Kaila, ties her into a knot so no-one can tell which end is which, then fucks her.
1557	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	As much as I liked the goodbye scene with Hot Pie, it left me a bit worried for his future. Characters just don't get to have happy (well, contented) endings. So since the Tickler is a non-entity on the show, I'm now wondering if Arya's "Is there gold in the village?" is going to be replaced with "Hot Pie!"
(In case that was not clear enough - I mean that some soldiers are going to kill him, and Arya's going to go stabby on them because of it.)
1558	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-18	As much as I liked the goodbye scene with Hot Pie, it left me a bit worried for his future. Characters just don't get to have happy (well, contented) endings. So since the Tickler is a non-entity on the show, I'm now wondering if Arya's "Is there gold in the village?" is going to be replaced with "Hot Pie!"(In case that was not clear enough - I mean that some soldiers are going to kill him, and Arya's going to go stabby on them because of it.)I think the RW will be enough to make her go down the dark path
1559	Rhasgul	2013-04-18	I agree with you completely. In the show Hot Pie stayed in the Crossroads Inn, which is also the Inn where they find the tickler and his gang. I wouldn't really care if it had to take Hot Pie's death to get Arya to go stabby stabby though. I think most of her motives have been based on revenge and this scenario would make a perfect resemblance to Mycah the butchersboy getting killed. This might drive her to actually take the revenge she had been contemplating for all this time.
1560	Septon Meribald	2013-04-18	I can definitely see this happening. Poor, fat Hot Pie. At least he will get to spend some time doing what he loves.
1561	houseHB	2013-04-18	I think Hot Pie will actually be involved in later seasons... After all Wyman Manderly needs someone to cook the pies (hehe)
1562	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-18	I think Hot Pie will actually be involved in later seasons... After all Wyman Manderly needs someone to cook the pies (hehe)Are they going to show how the pies were made? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
1563	Septon Meribald	2013-04-18	Are they going to show how the pies were made? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />Doubtful. But I'm sure hints will be dropped and they may be less subtle than the books.
1564	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-18	Hot Pie cannot die. He is Azor APie reborn he rises again flakier and lighter! he weilds the Piebringer! He is THE PIE WHO WAS PROMISED!
1565	Mulled Wino	2013-04-18	I'm ready to be done with Hot Pie.  Bring on Angel of Death Arya asap
1566	Woel	2013-04-18	Hot Pie cannot die. He is Azor APie reborn he rises again flakier and lighter! he weilds the Piebringer! He is THE PIE WHO WAS PROMISED!I would like this if I could. Also, I really liked the goodbye scene with Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie. Both warm and humorous, and it was nice to just have a 'friendship' scene in GoT for once.edit: spelling.
					
					
							Edited by Woel, 18 April 2013 - 12:49 PM.
1567	scurvy	2013-04-18	You think they are ever going to have her recite her list again.  It happened at least once per chapter in the books.  Yet, it only happened in one episode in the show.  You think they could have had her go to sleep at Harrenhal and say it toward the end of last season and once already this season, just to keep up the continuity and so that the viewer remembers that her motivation is revenge.
1568	billy g.	2013-04-18	I don't think Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroads Inn. He stayed at a different one with Sharna, Husband, and Boy, which is canon. But who knows what the showrunners are doing with Arya's character and the Brave Companions at this point in the show?
1569	ShigellaSand	2013-04-18	You think they are ever going to have her recite her list again.  It happened at least once per chapter in the books.  Yet, it only happened in one episode in the show.  You think they could have had her go to sleep at Harrenhal and say it toward the end of last season and once already this season, just to keep up the continuity and so that the viewer remembers that her motivation is revenge.I doubt if they're going to bring back the list - because the list featured Ilyn Payne, and that actor isn't coming back. Whether Arya mentioned his name, or didn't mention it, it would draw attention to his absence.
1570	Rhasgul	2013-04-18	I don't think Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroads Inn. He stayed at a different one with Sharna, Husband, and Boy, which is canon. But who knows what the showrunners are doing with Arya's character and the Brave Companions at this point in the show?In the books, you're rightIn the show however, Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroads Inn
1571	Septon Meribald	2013-04-18	I doubt if they're going to bring back the list - because the list featured Ilyn Payne, and that actor isn't coming back. Whether Arya mentioned his name, or didn't mention it, it would draw attention to his absence.I think the lack of one name would be less jarring than the lack of the list. I can believe that the writers want to change her motivation, but if they are sticking with her having revenge as a huge motivator then the list should be there, with or without Ser Illyn.
1572	Jolene Brown	2013-04-18	The part where she forgets to include the Hound (right?  And then she says his name by itself?  i can't remember exactly how it played out) after the Tickler killing was also a really important part of that storyline I think.  But that chicken has probably flown the coop at this point.
1573	Maester Ruin	2013-04-18	No, you cant kill Hot Pie. Many have tried but he always knocks them down, kicks them in the balls and keeps kicking until they are dead. I thought everyone knew that.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 18 April 2013 - 05:48 PM.
1574	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-18	No, you cant kill Hot Pie. Many have tried but he always knocks them down, kicks them in the balls and keeps kicking until they are dead. I thought everyone knew that.I'd give you a thousand likes if I could, friend. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1575	SerMixalot	2013-04-18	You think they are ever going to have her recite her list again.  It happened at least once per chapter in the books.  Yet, it only happened in one episode in the show.  You think they could have had her go to sleep at Harrenhal and say it toward the end of last season and once already this season, just to keep up the continuity and so that the viewer remembers that her motivation is revenge.please dont get me started on Arya's lack of character development.
1576	Head of The Ned	2013-04-19	I don't think Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroads Inn. He stayed at a different one with Sharna, Husband, and Boy, which is canon. But who knows what the showrunners are doing with Arya's character and the Brave Companions at this point in the show?Brave Companions are gone bud they are not essential
1577	StarkBlack21	2013-04-19	I know Ser Ilyn Payne has Cancer. But didn't he film a couple episodes for this season? Or did he not?
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 19 April 2013 - 09:35 AM.
1578	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-04-19	I took the goodbye scene as a way that D&D are shedding another non essential character (Hey I love Hot Pie too, but he's not super important to plot development) so they can make way for the new characters.
1579	Dove	2013-04-19	I took the goodbye scene as a way that D&D are shedding another non essential character (Hey I love Hot Pie too, but he's not super important to plot development)Hot Pie is the prince that was promised, and his is the song of ice and fire.
1580	boojam	2013-04-19	I know Ser Ilyn Payne has Cancer. But didn't he film a couple episodes for this season? Or did he not?I think that is true, but well will have to see if they use the scenes.
1581	boojam	2013-04-19	I agree with you completely. In the show Hot Pie stayed in the Crossroads Inn,I missed that and keep forgetting it. Two books to go, we shall see , I don't expect Hot Pie to appear again , but then I did not expect Gendry to reappear!I am expecting Polliver to get his leg badly hurt in the dust up with The Hound and Arya.Arya recovers Needle and asks Polliver : "Can you walk?"I hope what happens is an analog to the book, as they did an analog of Lommy's death in the show.
1582	brandino	2013-04-19	Is Polliver the guy who took Needle when Yoren died?
1583	boojam	2013-04-19	Is Polliver the guy who took Needle when Yoren died?Yes
1584	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-20	I missed that and keep forgetting it. Two books to go, we shall see , I don't expect Hot Pie to appear again , but then I did not expect Gendry to reappear!I am expecting Polliver to get his leg badly hurt in the dust up with The Hound and Arya.Arya recovers Needle and asks Polliver : "Can you walk?"I hope what happens is an analog to the book, as they did an analog of Lommy's death in the show.Ohhhhhh, good spec and I like it.  It'll keep the elements of The Tickler that have now been chucked over the parapet by Jaqen.  I love this idea.
1585	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-20	No, you cant kill Hot Pie. Many have tried but he always knocks them down, kicks them in the balls and keeps kicking until they are dead. I thought everyone knew that. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />   My daughter and I are rolling on the floor with laughter at this!!
1586	peash	2013-06-01	D & D cannot kill Hot Pie, there has to be at least one moderately happy ending in this series
BTW I love the Polliver spec, even though making Arya cold enough to make a wise crack before killing him is a pretty big change.
1587	teemo	2013-04-15	Can't believe this hasn't been started.  What did you think?  It seems to be one of the least popular topics of discussion, but these are two pretty major characters being introduced.  I really like Clive Russell and think he's an amazing Blackfish, and I actually like the casting of Edmure, despite a lot of people's negative reaction.  He's physically what I always pictured, basically.  I'm not a huge fan of everyone treating Edmure like total crap, but I guess they're trying to show that he's sort of a nitwit pre-RW, and with how little screen time everyone gets...it's an easy way to do it.
Opinions?
1588	shiola	2013-04-15	I will have to re-watch it to gain a full opinion.
My initial reactions were that I liked them both quite a bit.  Blackfish's scene with Cat was touching, and I liked Edmure with Robb.
I disliked Blackfish pushing Edmure out of the way at the funeral/Robb snickering at Edmure at the funeral, but honestly I don't think those would've bothered me so much if they hadn't been highlighted by the boards/discussion with other fans.  It was meant to show just how pathetic they all think Edmure is, that's what I took from it.
I understand where people say Edmure is too arrogant rather than naive.  But it doesn't bother me yet.
1589	Young Nan	2013-04-15	I don't like how the Blackfish treated Edmure, in the book he shot the arrow out of tact to spare Edmure further embarrassment.    His dad just died and he's the new lord of riverrun in wartime, but Blackfish was all pissy with him.   In the books one of Blackfish's qualities is that he was pretty understanding and they did it differently in the show.   
I know Edmure is kind of slow on the uptake, but they really seemed like they wanted to hammer it home and make him look like a blathering idiot so the audience would get it.
1590	Newstar	2013-04-15	Clive Russell as Blackfish is flawless. Loved his scene with Cat.
TV Edmure seems to be not only a dolt but also a bit of an arrogant dolt, but I like Tobias Menzies' portrayal so far. I kind of wish we had more ginger Tullys, though.
1591	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I don't like how the Blackfish treated Edmure, in the book he shot the arrow out of tact to spare Edmure further embarrassment.	His dad just died and he's the new lord of riverrun in wartime, but Blackfish was all pissy with him.   In the books one of Blackfish's qualities is that he was pretty understanding and they did it differently in the show.  I know Edmure is kind of slow on the uptake, but they really seemed like they wanted to hammer it home and make him look like a blathering idiot so the audience would get it.The shove was too much.  It was too rude, even for someone as plainspoken and brusque as the BF, he would not go out of his way to humiliate the new Lord of Riverrun in that manner. But, I don't have a problem with Edmure's overall portrayal,  he was kind of a dope in the book, not that smart, whores around a lot, bad battle commander, rash decision maker, self important.
1592	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I thought both castings were great as well.  Of course, both of the scenes showing Edmure up were in the books, just not happening right next to each other.  When I read the book, the part about Hoster Tully's funeral byre, what I remember is that it just kept getting further and further down the river so that it was almost out of reach before the Blackfish saved the day.
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 15 April 2013 - 06:37 PM.
1593	Dove	2013-04-15	Tobias Menzies has made quite the career out of portraying self-involved dolts, hasn't he?I thought the treatment of Edmure by the Blackfish was kind of weird, he came across as a petulant, nagging jackass more than anything. Robb laughing at him during his father's funeral and then chiding him for succeeding in a plan that he didn't even discuss the possible outcomes with came across badly too.Edmure: The Theon of the Tullys. Kick him while he's down, haha.Blackfish came across much better in his scene with Cat, Genuinely sweet and touching.
1594	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Also want to add that Robb and BF praised Edmure for his victory in the books, and then waited to ream him for his screwup until they were behind closed doors.  Publicly laughing at and shoving the lord of riverrun in public would not be appropriate in the books.   gotta dumb everything down for the show, I guess.
1595	teemo	2013-04-15	I think even with the limited screen time, they could have made Edmure being somewhat of a dolt a bit more subtle. Sometimes they treat the viewers like total morons.
1596	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I think even with the limited screen time, they could have made Edmure being somewhat of a dolt a bit more subtle. Sometimes they treat the viewers like total morons.Well, sure, they could have spent more time on that whole interplay, but then they might have had to cut the Pod Goes To The Whorehouse And Doesn't Have To Pay And It's A Laugh Riot scene.
1597	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Well, sure, they could have spent more time on that whole interplay, but then they might have had to cut the Pod Goes To The Whorehouse And Doesn't Have To Pay And It's A Laugh Riot scene.They can't do that!  Everyone knows that it's in their contract that there must be a minimum of 5 minutes per episode of topless whore scenes that weren't in the books.   I mean, who cares about the dedicated fan base.  Their average viewers have spoken, with a resounding "more boobs, less story development!"
1598	teemo	2013-04-15	Well, I personally watch Game of Thrones for the mandatory 5 minute boob scenes.  I can't find nude women on the internet or anything.  They're only in this show....
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 06:56 PM.
1599	Er Rn	2013-04-15	Liked them both and enjoyed their scenes. Robb laughing reflects more poorly on him than Edmure, really. Seriously dude, you're a king and your grandfather is dead, suck it up ffs.
1600	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-15	I think the actor portraying the Blackfish is an excellent choice. Although how many times are we going to be introduced to a character being a BAMF by said character making some awesome arrow shot? Seems the go to move this season.
1601	Eogh	2013-04-15	Robb laughing was ridiculous. Laughing at his grandfather's funeral beside his grieving mother? Come on buddy. Same with the Blackfish pushing his nephew...his dad just DIED, give him a break jeez. Agree with the poster above who said that the Cat and Brynden scene was well done though. Really loved that bit.
1602	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Wish we has Blackfish earlier.  That dude was awesome.
1603	KingWolf	2013-04-15	This is one of the few things I didn't like.(and i usally dont mind changes)I just dont like how much more of an idiot Edmire is.I hate how mean and rude they were to him at the funearl.He just lost his father, of course he wont be able to aim well.
1604	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	I think they are both great.  I kind of felt bad for Edmure though, in the book I don't really feel that way.
1605	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-15	Excellent casting.
I did think their relationship was frostier than it needed to be, but I suppose they needed to drie home what a blunder the stonemill was.
1606	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-15	I loved The Blackfish in all of his scenes.  I don't have a problem with him shoving Edmure because I always found him to be an arrogant dolt seeking glory and failing ,miserably, at it. His heart was in the right place as far as the small folk was concerned, but overall, he is not the sharpest tool in the shed and he has a major inferiority complex.
1607	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I didn't mind the gruffness of the Blackfish, you seem to be forgetting he's lost his BROTHER too. It's understandable he might be upset (even if he's more understanding in the books)
What I HATED was fucking Robb snickering. Why? Why did they put that in?
1608	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-15	This is one of the few things I didn't like.(and i usally dont mind changes)I just dont like how much more of an idiot Edmire is.I hate how mean and rude they were to him at the funearl.He just lost his father, of course he wont be able to aim well.The Blackfish just lost his brother and didn't even have to watch the arrow hit the barge.
1609	Reposado	2013-04-15	Also want to add that Robb and BF praised Edmure for his victory in the books, and then waited to ream him for his screwup until they were behind closed doors.  Publicly laughing at and shoving the lord of riverrun in public would not be appropriate in the books.   gotta dumb everything down for the show, I guess.yeah, wouldnt expect that amount of nuance. i think it worked fine this way
1610	Darth Pipes	2013-04-15	I definitely wish we had gotten the Blackfish earlier and Edmure too.
I hated the way Blackfish treated Edmure at Hoster's funeral.  That was NOT Blackfish Tully.  He was sympathic to his nephew and told him that his own father had failed deliver the arrow too.  He'll rip you if he thinks you deserve it (you can argue either way if Edmure deserved it for the Stone Mill battle) but he wouldn't have shoved aside the Lord of Riverrun at his father's funeral.  It reminded me of character-assassinating scene they did with Ron, Snape, and Hermione in one of the Harry Potter films.
That being said, once Blackfish got his scene with Cat, his true character really shined through.  That's Bryden Tully.  I'm curious to see what they'll do with him on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Pipes, 15 April 2013 - 08:22 PM.
1611	Montey14	2013-04-15	edmure was a bit of a dolt in the books as well....it's just that they treated him with a little more respect being that he's the lord of riverrun and all....but the scene when they scolded him was pretty much right from the book....I don't think they over done that scene
1612	Darth Pipes	2013-04-15	Also want to add that Robb and BF praised Edmure for his victory in the books, and then waited to ream him for his screwup until they were behind closed doors.  Publicly laughing at and shoving the lord of riverrun in public would not be appropriate in the books.   gotta dumb everything down for the show, I guess.They knew enough not to publicly ripped him but it can be argued that both Robb and Blackfish didn't trust the most powerful house sworn to the Kingdom of the North with their battle plan.
1613	teemo	2013-04-15	What I HATED was fucking Robb snickering. Why? Why did they put that in?This....and if there wasn't enough reason to hate Robb already.  I can't imagine any of them snickering at Hoster's funeral.  That was pretty ridiculous.
1614	irishking44	2013-04-15	This....and if there wasn't enough reason to hate Robb already.  I can't imagine any of them snickering at Hoster's funeral.  That was pretty ridiculous.Almost makes me wonder if Richard broke character for a sec and they just didn't have time/money to refilm it
1615	shiola	2013-04-15	Do they just want us to hate Robb so we aren't so upset come episode 9?  That's the feeling I've gotten with him from like episode 8 of season two until now.  I thought the RW was supposed to be devastating.  I was devastated by it and it really hurt me.  Maybe they just don't want people to ragequit the show?  I dunno.  Their handling of Robb is so strange.
1616	JMJ	2013-04-16	The change in Edmure and Blackfish's interactions and personalities on the show will have some effect - not sure how big - on how Edmure is seen by show viewers with respect to the RW. In the books he seems mostly clueless. His arrogance and snippiness in the show might raise suspicions about his complicity in the RW.
1617	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	The shove was absurd. If they didn't want to "waste" time on an exchange about Hoster missing, too, they could've just made it a hand on the shoulder, a shared look, and then the Blackfish gently taking the bow. Also, Edmure should've had a moment with Cat and/or their uncle in that scene where they remember Hoster. After all, the two of them hadn't seen Hoster for years, while Edmure still lived with him. Catelyn should've been reminiscing with her little brother about their childhood.
1618	Rapsie	2013-04-16	The Talisa mistake has meant that in order to make him not a complete douche that threw half his army away, they have had to play down the involvement of the Freys and play up Edmure and Cat as being the cause of his mistake.It's really a shame because Edmure and Cat as characters are suffering and it's not because of the acting because the acting is really good.
1619	Underzaker	2013-04-16	<p>Well  I guess , by making him more of a dolt , they want us to show Edmure's growth when he helps Blackfish escape , hence , liking him more. Something like Sam.
					
					
							Edited by Underzaker, 16 April 2013 - 01:16 PM.
1620	King Tyrion I	2013-04-16	I liked their scenes.
1621	protar	2013-04-16	I pretty much share the same complaints as everyone else. Blackfish was good when he wasn't shoving Edmure, but I'm really not sure about either the writing or the casting for Edmure. The fact that he looks so stolid and soldierly means that rather than coming across as sort of comically endearing like in the books he just comes across as a douchebag. I'm trying to reserve judgment until we see a bit more of him but yeah, not feeling Show!Edmure at the moment.
1622	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-16	The actors for the two were a good choice, but the interaction between them and Robb could've been done a lot better.
1623	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	I pretty much share the same complaints as everyone else. Blackfish was good when he wasn't shoving Edmure, but I'm really not sure about either the writing or the casting for Edmure. The fact that he looks so stolid and soldierly means that rather than coming across as sort of comically endearing like in the books he just comes across as a douchebag. I'm trying to reserve judgment until we see a bit more of him but yeah, not feeling Show!Edmure at the moment.I thought he was a douchebag in the book, he was one of those guys who by luck of his birth was going to be in the position to create all kinds of ruin [which he does], because he is not bright enough to weild the power he's been given as a result of the family he was born in.  Even Cat knew this, she just had a soft spot for him.But, some of the show choices are odd, they showed the BF was a badass by the archery scene, which he is a total badass, but he's not an asshole, so why did they feel the need to add the shove, it was such a disconcerting and unncessary choice.
1624	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-16	How many fighting men do House Tully have?
The Riverlands have been ravished, the Tullys have a bad ass battle commander in the Blackfish yet seem to be looking a bit silly.
Is this down to Edmure's bad leadership?
Perhaps this is why Blackfish disrespects him so?
1625	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	I loved the opening scene.  Didn't mind Robb hiding a snicker.  Maybe I'm in the minority.
To me, it felt like Robb knew he wasn't supposed to laugh, but after two bad misses, he couldn't help it.  He wasn't blatanly guffawing or anything.  I think the show could use a touch of humor.  Take out Tyrion, Jaime, and the new appearances by the Queen of Thorns, and it's all frowning, crying, weeping, and glowering.  (And that's just Catelyn!)
					
					
							Edited by WinterisAlwaysComing, 16 April 2013 - 04:46 PM.
1626	Klye Condon	2013-04-16	I felt like the Blackfish and Edmure were brilliant in their respective roles but the Edmure is stupid stuff was a bit heavy handed and unnecessary.One thing that irked me is whe the blackfish called Edmure on not referring to Robb as his King.When did the Riverlords ever pledge ther allegiance to the North in the TV series?.In the books sure they pledged their allegiance at riverrun.But in the TV show this is the first time we have even seen riverrun. The Northern lords and Bracken pledged after some randomn battle but I dont know why everyone just assumes that Robb is now the head honcho at Riverrun.The riverlords have been off fighting the lannisters on a separate front for 2 seasons and we have heard practically nothing about them until a mallister turned up dead at harrenhal last week so its not like they are a massive component in Robbs army.
1627	Klye Condon	2013-04-16	after some random battle shoudl be at some random castle
1628	Frey Pie	2013-04-16	Robbs character has been butchered. Theyve turned the hero of the North into a sniggering boy with no respect for his parents relationship and a commander willing to needlessly sacrifice 2000 men. They havent showed him do anything cool other then taking down the wildlings. Why they arent playing him up to make the RW all the more poignant i dont know
As for Edmure and the BF-really liked them. Riverrun needed to be in the story, or have more of a presence, far earlier. Something as simple as a few different coloured banners and more mentions of Ed and BF would have done. As it is i think id be pretty confused as to who these two are. Poor Edmure though!
1629	Darryk	2013-04-16	Excellent casting and the manner of their introduction was excellent.
General TV audiences are struggling to keep track of characters as is, so new introductions have to make a strong first impression.
D + D clearly wrote the funeral scene and the one following with the purpose of ensuring Blackfish and Edmure do exactly that, and the audience gets the gist of what their characters are about. Really well done on their part IMO.
1630	Harrad	2013-04-16	Edmure has a short arc in the books. Blackfish has a muddy one.
1631	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	I know its unrealistic, but it would have been great if they could have recreated the funeral scene arrow part the way it was in the books, when the BF shoots his arrow when the boat is practically out of sight and covered by mist rising from the river.  Even more badass.
1632	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Robbs character has been butchered. Theyve turned the hero of the North into a sniggering boy with no respect for his parents relationship and a commander willing to needlessly sacrifice 2000 men. They havent showed him do anything cool other then taking down the wildlings. Why they arent playing him up to make the RW all the more poignant i dont knowAs for Edmure and the BF-really liked them. Riverrun needed to be in the story, or have more of a presence, far earlier. Something as simple as a few different coloured banners and more mentions of Ed and BF would have done. As it is i think id be pretty confused as to who these two are. Poor Edmure though!Robb brought his entire army to lay siege to an empty castle.  Wtf?Oh, And the HM is not theon durden btw
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 April 2013 - 06:45 PM.
1633	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Robbs character has been butchered. Theyve turned the hero of the North into a sniggering boy with no respect for his parents relationship and a commander willing to needlessly sacrifice 2000 men. They havent showed him do anything cool other then taking down the wildlings. Why they arent playing him up to make the RW all the more poignant i dont knowAs for Edmure and the BF-really liked them. Riverrun needed to be in the story, or have more of a presence, far earlier. Something as simple as a few different coloured banners and more mentions of Ed and BF would have done. As it is i think id be pretty confused as to who these two are. Poor Edmure though!Well that hero is also referred to as the King that lost the north, so he's not exactly a hero. Most readers consider Robb to be quite politically stupid and only really excels at battle tactics. But I know what you mean. I just think that they had a tough task portraying him as heroic after having made so many mistakes, but every now and then they do something silly to make him look more stupid than he actually is.And as for the Tully's, I loved the casting and BF's scene with Cat, but I thought they really messed up having the blackfish shove aside and embarrass the Lord of Riverrun. The protocol to how you treat your lord publicly is quite important, and that scene really downplayed the fact that while Edmure can be a buffoon, he IS still the Lord of Riverrun and not just some high-born boy you can toss around like a peasant.
1634	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	I don't understand how people see Robb's reaction a sniggering?  It was a scoff of frustration and even embarrassment at Edmure's repeated incompetence.   Great image to convey that the new Lord of Riverrun cannot even shoot a straight arrow.   Not very reassuring.  Edmure was just as incompetent in the books as they are portraying him on screen.  They have made the Blackfish a bit more harsh, but it's probably what he wanted to do in the book, and I'm happy with it.
1635	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I don't understand how people see Robb's reaction a sniggering?  It was a scoff of frustration and even embarrassment at Edmure's repeated incompetence.   Great image to convey that the new Lord of Riverrun cannot even shoot a straight arrow.   Not very reassuring.  Edmure was just as incompetent in the books as they are portraying him on screen.  They have made the Blackfish a bit more harsh, but it's probably what he wanted to do in the book, and I'm happy with it.He laughs, rewatch it. Here look at Robb at 1:18 in this video and look at Cat's "Wow, grow up" expression:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QXNC3Hc0gToHe is the Lord of Riverrun and he just lost his father. As his King, you don't laugh at his incompetence among his people in public. Moreover, his mother is next to him and clearly grieving but he still laughs. For all of the looking up to his father Robb does, this is clearly something Ned would never, ever do.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 16 April 2013 - 08:22 PM.
1636	teemo	2013-04-16	He laughs, rewatch it. Here look at Robb at 1:18 in this video and look at Cat's "Wow, grow up" expression:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QXNC3Hc0gToHe is the Lord of Riverrun and he just lost his father. As his King, you don't laugh at his incompetence among his people in public. Moreover, his mother is next to him and clearly grieving but he still laughs. For all of the looking up to his father Robb does, this is clearly something Ned would never, ever do.It stops right before he shoots off an arrow...
1637	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	It stops right before he shoots off an arrow...Video runs for 2:09 and the part where Robb laughs is 1:15ish.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 16 April 2013 - 08:43 PM.
1638	teemo	2013-04-16	something was wrong with my browser. whoops.  yeah, that's definitely a laugh....damn, the BF is really acting like a dick. lol.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 08:45 PM.
1639	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	He laughs, rewatch it. Here look at Robb at 1:18 in this video and look at Cat's "Wow, grow up" expression:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QXNC3Hc0gToHe is the Lord of Riverrun and he just lost his father. As his King, you don't laugh at his incompetence among his people in public. Moreover, his mother is next to him and clearly grieving but he still laughs. For all of the looking up to his father Robb does, this is clearly something Ned would never, ever do.I have it on DVR and have watched it twice.  He was not laughing, it was exasperation.  I have felt it and have expressed it many times.  That was Robb's andmuthafuckyoutoo moment.
1640	teemo	2013-04-16	even Cat shoots Robb a disapproving look...someone suggested that maybe it was just madden breaking character and they chose not to reshoot, and I think the laugh is out of place enough to consider that a possibility, but that look of Cat's...
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 08:49 PM.
1641	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I have it on DVR and have watched it twice.  He was not laughing, it was exasperation.  I have felt it and have expressed it many times.  That was Robb's andmuthafuckyoutoo moment.I just linked a video showing him clearly laughing yet you somehow still think you can say he wasn't? He bites his lip to mask the laughter.
1642	teemo	2013-04-16	i just re-watched it like 7 times, lol, and not only is that a laugh, but it's a pretty smug laugh...
1643	teemo	2013-04-16	daggershttp://oi48.tinypic.com/29x7n95.jpg
1644	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	i just re-watched it like 7 times, lol, and not only is that a laugh, but it's a pretty smug laugh...We agree to disagree.  His eyes are proof that it was not a laugh.  He didn't find it amusing in any way shape or form.
1645	teemo	2013-04-16	weird...i see him with a smile and laughing...guess I'm crazy.
1646	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	weird...i see him with a smile and laughing...guess I'm crazy.No, you're not. http://i49.tinypic.com/2ptxhs9.png
1647	shiola	2013-04-16	No one's calling you crazy and people have even expressed that they agree with you.  No need for the facetious tone.
I can see how it is viewed as a laugh-- and maybe it is.  To me it also just seemed like exasperation or disbelief.  Still out of place, but it's not like he was giggling or chortling.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 16 April 2013 - 09:06 PM.
1648	teemo	2013-04-16	No one's calling you crazy and people have even expressed that they agree with you.  No need for the facetious tone.I can see how it is viewed as a laugh-- and maybe it is.  To me it also just seemed like exasperation or disbelief.  Still out of place, but it's not like he was giggling or chortling.im not being facetious...i just read several posts about how it wasn't a laugh, and as i'm just starting to read about this topic for the first time, I thought it was quite possible that I'm in the minority here.  I've only read one person agree with me so far...no need for you to tell me what my tone is..
1649	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	No one's calling you crazy and people have even expressed that they agree with you.  No need for the facetious tone.I can see how it is viewed as a laugh-- and maybe it is.  To me it also just seemed like exasperation or disbelief.  Still out of place, but it's not like he was giggling or chortling.I can appreciate differing interpretations of something subjective, but considering there's video and photo proof of him laughing, I don't understand how this can even be debated. Cat looks like she wants to kill him.It is very much the wrong thing to do, even if you'd like to call it exasperation. It's a minor gripe but sometimes the small, subtle things are what really distinguish a character and result in successful portrayals.
1650	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	No one's calling you crazy and people have even expressed that they agree with you.  No need for the facetious tone.I can see how it is viewed as a laugh-- and maybe it is.  To me it also just seemed like exasperation or disbelief.  Still out of place, but it's not like he was giggling or chortling.While it might be out of place for some, he is their king and he wasn't happy.  He bit his lip in order to keep from saying something because he was angry.  I've slo-moed and the others here in the house agree that he was angry, not giggling like a kid.  Maybe you have to be well versed in sarcasm and irony in order to recognize it in someone else.
1651	shiola	2013-04-16	It's just a debate about semantics really, and those are kind of tiring.  Most think he was laughing, some of us think it was less severe.  It doesn't matter a whole lot at this point.
At the end of the day, it was inappropriate for Robb to react out loud in any case.  The degree to which we find it offensive/stupid/uncalled for can vary.
1652	ShigellaSand	2013-04-17	It's a laugh. It is, however, a frustrated, head-shaking, huffed out laugh, rather than a snickered "Teehee!"
Either way, he's publicly disrespecting his uncle and bannerman at what's quite possibly his first official act as the brand new lord of the Riverlands. His mother is also standing right next to him, and she shouldn't have to put up with seeing her brother treated like that at their father's funeral.
1653	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-17	I think this laugh is being blown out of proportion. Have you ever been to a funeral? I have been to many and sometimes you laugh it isn't that unusual. Death doesn't have to be one big dark thing. I think the laugh is from Robb's frustration with Edmure for throwing back the Mountain against his order and Edmure being unable to hit the shot just made Robb smirk thinking "You douchebag" no big deal.
1654	ShigellaSand	2013-04-17	I've been to several funerals. And yes, there was laughter. However, none of it was aimed at the child of the deceased for fumbling with an official function. I can guarantee that if I'd made a speech at my father's funeral and stumbled over the words, and somebody had laughed at me for it - nobody would've thought that was acceptable behavior.
1655	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-17	Edmure being treated like joe jerkoff came as bit of a surprise, since I've only read up to Clash of Kings so far, where he seems quite capable in managing the affairs at Riverrun. Maybe his failures only become apparent in the third novel? In which case they had to hurry things along.
Both actors were well-cast though and I look forward to seeing more of them. Show's starting to feel like a Rome reunion at this point though, lol.
1656	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-17	As I wrote in another thread:
I think that what many are forgetting as far as Edmure and Brynden are concerned, is that the show has only three-four minutes to establish their main carachter features. They had to establish the Blackfish as a strong leader who is also a caring uncle, and Edmure as an incompetent, yet honest and loyal man. How to do that?
First, fine, Edmure had to miss the first three arrow shots. And when he does, we all see that every missed shot wounds him inside a little bit more than the previous. Then, the Blackfish shoves him (and Edmure does not manage to hide his being humiliated) and takes care of the matter, thus showing his authority and ability. Yes, he didn't shove Edmure in the book, but at that point of aSoS, we all knew who they were and what they were capable of doing. In the show we don't.
Then, the second scene; at first Edmure comes out as arrogant, and Brynden, following his previous actions, shows his leadership and competence in war/political matters. Then Robb gets angry with Edmure, as the latter understands his mistakes and says maybe the most sincere "sorry" on the show (and we don't see many people apologizing, in GoT). Therefore yes, he may be arrogant and incompetent sometimes, but he is basically naive, and most importantly, loyal.
And last, the scene with Cat manages to show how caring, comforting yet strong the Blackfish is.
So, the two have been pefectly portrayed, their most important and complex features clearly defined in JUST THREE MINUTES. If this is not outstanding character development, then I don't know what is.
1657	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-17	I do agree with the comments someone made about why are the Riverlands subservient to the North?
I couldnt imagine Hoster Tully be subservient to Ned Stark
Surley Edmure and Robb should be equal like NATO allies?
1658	Dragonstoned	2013-04-17	The show seems to be doing a good job with things that have the word black in them.  Blackwater was sick and I really like the Blackfish.  So we can assume that Black Walder in the RW will be good as well.
1659	Warsaw	2013-04-17	I like the casting, but it bothers me that Edmure is depicted like a stupid douche. Hated that.
1660	Ruka	2013-04-17	People are forgetting that Book Cat could tell that Endmure was either still drunk or hung over from the previous night. I listened to the that chapter in the last 2 days and she realizes that Emdure is as "tight" as his bow string. And the book BF doesn't shove him and even reminds him of the wind after the second failed shot but I don't see Edmure acting drunk either. Also BF doesn't tell Edmure that Hoster missed, Cat and BF talk about it after the incident.
					
					
							Edited by Ruka, 17 April 2013 - 04:10 PM.
1661	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-17	Edmure being treated like joe jerkoff came as bit of a surprise, since I've only read up to Clash of Kings so far, where he seems quite capable in managing the affairs at Riverrun. Maybe his failures only become apparent in the third novel? In which case they had to hurry things along.Both actors were well-cast though and I look forward to seeing more of them. Show's starting to feel like a Rome reunion at this point though, lol.Especially if they cast Ian McNeice as Wyman Manderly.
1662	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	I do agree with the comments someone made about why are the Riverlands subservient to the North?I couldnt imagine Hoster Tully be subservient to Ned StarkSurley Edmure and Robb should be equal like NATO allies?They aren't 'subservient' to the North, but they are subservient to Robb as their King in the books.Every cry of 'King in the North!" by a Northman was met with a "King of the Trident!" by a Riverlander.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 17 April 2013 - 05:11 PM.
1663	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	People are forgetting that Book Cat could tell that Endmure was either still drunk or hung over from the previous night. I listened to the that chapter in the last 2 days and she realizes that Emdure is as "tight" as his bow string. And the book BF doesn't shove him and even reminds him of the wind after the second failed shot but I don't see Edmure acting drunk either. Also BF doesn't tell Edmure that Hoster missed, Cat and BF talk about it after the incident.I've never heard of tight meaning drunk or hung over. I thought she meant tight, like he's stiff from pressure/grief/etc.
1664	Foune	2013-04-17	Wasn't Edmure supposed to have some kind of great red beard?
1665	Vhailorian	2013-04-17	As I wrote in another thread:I think that what many are forgetting as far as Edmure and Brynden are concerned, is that the show has only three-four minutes to establish their main carachter features. They had to establish the Blackfish as a strong leader who is also a caring uncle, and Edmure as an incompetent, yet honest and loyal man. How to do that?	 I agree on the point that there is a need to quickly and firmly establish the major traits of new characters. I watch the show with a good friend who has not read the books and I die a bit inside every time he says  "Oh great!! Just what this show needed...more characters..." As sad as this makes me, it has taught me that most viewers need the characters to "pop" so they are easier to remember and keep straight. Unfortunately, I believe that this type of "character shorthand" often leads to one note caricatures of the characters detailed in the novels.	 That being said, I acknowledge that I have likely become too close to the source material to opine in any objective fashion about what is or is not an acceptable deviation from the characters as written. I have read the books so many times now that I have subconsciously filled in any vacant spaces in the development of the characters with my interpretations and extrapolations. Thus, I can only say that Rob's "snicker" is out of character for "my" Rob...rudely shoving a grieving Edmure to take the shot is not an action that "my" Blackfish would have taken. All I can say objectively in support of my opinion is that these actions did not happen in the text and thus were out of character. What I cannot say is that those actions are out of character for another persons' vision of these characters.	 Even with the necessity of "character short-handing" in the television medium, I still find it hard to justify converting an action that shows compassion into an action that shows contempt and disdain. After two scenes my friends likely shorthand on The Blackfish and Edmure:The Blackfish1. L33t bow skillz2. A short-tempered dick3. Hates / has no respect for Edmure4. Likes CatEdmure1. Crappy shot2. Arrogant3. Incompetent	 If this matches an individual book-reader's shorthand then they probably loved these scenes...if not than the reaction was likely less positive. On the whole I am more torn about this than I appear. As usual the scenes were exceptionally well acted and fun to watch...I enjoyed them. The purest in me hates the shorthand, but can accept it as long as the character is not placed into a box diametrically opposed to the characters as I interpret them...which in this case I believe they were. I suppose this is just a long-winded way of me figuring out that TV viewer me is good with the scenes, while book-reader me is not. Heh...with my concerns about the show writers interpretations of Littlefinger, Stannis, Arya, Brienne and their story arcs, I guess I am not gonna draw the line at Edmure and Brynden Tully. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1666	victim	2013-04-17	As long as they give Edmure some redeeming qualities down the line, then I'm alright with his introduction treating him like a total nitwit.
1667	JMJ	2013-04-19	Slightly OT, but related to the Tully scenes - I guess this episode means we won't be hearing anything about "Tansy"...
1668	ShigellaSand	2013-04-19	Slightly OT, but related to the Tully scenes - I guess this episode means we won't be hearing anything about "Tansy"...Not unless Edmure or the Blackfish mentions it to Catelyn in passing. But no, I don't think we're going to find out about that until Lysa reappears in the story, or maybe not at all.
1669	Frey Pie	2013-04-20	Robb brought his entire army to lay siege to an empty castle.  Wtf?Oh, And the HM is not theon durden btwProve it friend /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1670	Sansa in the North	2013-04-20	I was irritated by the Blackfish pushing Edmure out of the way like that, but only slightly, and he pretty much reedemed himself in the scene he had with Cat. I was far more irritated by Robb's snigger. Robb really is such a jerk in the show that I wont be at all sorry to see him go.They can't do that!  Everyone knows that it's in their contract that there must be a minimum of 5 minutes per episode of topless whore scenes that weren't in the books.  I mean, who cares about the dedicated fan base.  Their average viewers have spoken, with a resounding "more boobs, less story development!"I don't mind gratuitous sex scenes, if we're given some new information in the process. Sexposition, in other words. But the Pod scene was just freaking pointless. We got nothing out of it and it wasted time that could have been spent on other storylines. Such as that of the Tullys.   A couple of my non-reader friends, plus many people whom I've seen posting about it online didn't even understand who Edmure and the Blackfish were. One was convinced that they were both Cat's brothers. So, if we really needed a sex scene, why not one with Edmure and a random whore where he confides in her that his father is dead and his sister Cat is coming over for the funeral. That might have explained to non readers what's going on. And it's in the books that Edmure whores around, if I remember correctly.The Pod scene looks to me as if it doesn't exist to fill the "5 minutes of boobs" requirement, but rather to fill the Tyrion requirement. I can understand why he was so prominent in the last season, because he was just as prominent in the last book, but he really doesn't have a lot to do during the first half of ASoS, so it's time for him, and especially for Bronn (who is a minor character, come on!) to take a back seat, so that other characters can be fleshed out properly.
1671	Talbot	2013-04-20	The Pod scene looks to me as if it doesn't exist to fill the "5 minutes of boobs" requirement, but rather to fill the Tyrion requirement. I can understand why he was so prominent in the last season, because he was just as prominent in the last book, but he really doesn't have a lot to do during the first half of ASoS, so it's time for him, and especially for Bronn (who is a minor character, come on!) to take a back seat, so that other characters can be fleshed out properly.D&D love Bronn, along with a lot of show only viewers. The TV show is a different beast than the books in terms of which characters take precedence. It's over kill to have 3-4 scenes in one setting for a group of 4 characters (Riverrun, for example). Contextually speaking, its pretty easy to understand what kind of characters BF and Edmure will be this season without going into a massive exposition. Off the top of my head, Edmure had a good 5 minutes of screentime and shared the majority of the dialogue and focus of his scenes with Robb. I'd even argue that Edmure and Bronn are really in the same "tier" of characters, even in the book.The Pod sexposition was fun, which was in-line with the humorous nature of the episode. I doubt we'll see Pod and Bronn for another episode or two, so I think D&D did a good job of making sure we remember where the party is indeed at in Westeros.
1672	SummerSong	2013-04-20	... I acknowledge that I have likely become too close to the source material to opine in any objective fashion about what is or is not an acceptable deviation from the characters as written. I have read the books so many times now that I have subconsciously filled in any vacant spaces in the development of the characters with my interpretations and extrapolations. Thus, I can only say that Rob's "snicker" is out of character for "my" Rob...rudely shoving a grieving Edmure to take the shot is not an action that "my" Blackfish would have taken. All I can say objectively in support of my opinion is that these actions did not happen in the text and thus were out of character. What I cannot say is that those actions are out of character for another persons' vision of these characters...  If this matches an individual book-reader's shorthand then they probably loved these scenes...if not than the reaction was likely less positive. Ooh, I think you nailed it.   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />   I'll try to remember this when I go apeshit about deviations from my own vision in the show & on this forum. Probably won't help, though. lol
1673	shiola	2013-04-20	cut for lengthI applaud your post and rationale 100%.  It was very well worded.
1674	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-04-21	Some should make a short vid where Edmure grabs the bow, lines up the shot when the BF pushes him out of the way, grabs the bow, shoots, turns away, throwns the bow at Edmure and then we get a close up of the arrow hitting the water. Then Robb sniggering.
1675	Kasrith	2013-04-21	Well, sure, they could have spent more time on that whole interplay, but then they might have had to cut the Pod Goes To The Whorehouse And Doesn't Have To Pay And It's A Laugh Riot scene.I'm really shocked at the amount of people who demand more screen time for 'important character building scenes' yet wish to make room for such by taking away the Pod scene, which imo was developing characters and greatly executed.
1676	Nudu	2013-04-21	https://fbcdn-sphoto...756956803_n.jpg
It was really stupid. Blackfish can not treat Edmure that hard.
1677	Woel	2013-04-21	I wahttps://fbcdn-sphoto...756956803_n.jpgIt was really stupid. Blackfish can not treat Edmure that hard.I agree with this so much (including the picture). I was simply baffled at how they portrayed Edmure, the Blackfish and Robb in this episode. Yes, the Blackfish (in the books) doesn't have much respect for Edmure. BUT THE MAN IS HIS FRIGGIN LIEGE LORD! You don't shove your liege lord, you don't act like a complete douche because he cannot hit a moving object, and you do not tell him how to adress anyone! But I guess this what happens in the universe where kings marry nurses from Volantis because of twue wuv...
1678	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-21	I thought the treatment of Edmure by the Blackfish was kind of weird, he came across as a petulant, nagging jackass more than anything.LOL! This made my day.As someone who is on 'Team Edmure' (he's really not as bad / stupid as people make him out to be!) I don't like how it seems the show want to dumb him down, but I can still root for him, so eh.It's as if George Carlin rose from the grave to play the Blackfish, so no complaints there, although so far he's been far less likeable than he is in the books, too.
1679	Joyful Union	2013-04-21	People are saying that it was dick move by the Blackfish to push Edmure out of the way because he was grieving, but the Blackfish was grieving for his brother. Why is it impossible that the Blackfish would be in a bad mood?Also, doesn't the Blackfish tell Edmure off about his strategic blunder in the books too? Didn't seem that out of character.I agree with this so much (including the picture). I was simply baffled at how they portrayed Edmure, the Blackfish and Robb in this episode. Yes, the Blackfish (in the books) doesn't have much respect for Edmure. BUT THE MAN IS HIS FRIGGIN LIEGE LORD! You don't shove your liege lord, you don't act like a complete douche because he cannot hit a moving object, and you do not tell him how to adress anyone! Actually, you generally honor your King above your liege lord.
					
					
							Edited by Joyful Union, 21 April 2013 - 02:48 PM.
1680	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-21	Actually, you generally honor your King above your liege lord.I doubt this.
1681	VivaVictarion2	2013-04-21	Thought the casting was great on both accounts. Loved Brutus in Rome, and the Blackfish has that same quality that Sean Bean and ?Mark Addy? gave to Ned and Robert; that sense that these guys are highborn lords to the core, but they also have a great sense of ruggedness.
The Blackfish is supposed to be the right man for the job, and in the funeral scene from the books he steps in and makes the shot WHILE ALSO showing tremendous respect for Edmure as his leige lord. The scene in the show, back to back with the scene w/ Robb, lays it on a bit too thick that the Blackfish lacks respect for Edmure. It would have been better for TV viewers, IMO, if Brynden was portrayed as a loyal retainer while in public but a hardass behind close doors. I imagine, if I had not been a reader first, that this would make for a more intersting character.
1682	Matthew Marzolf	2013-04-22	Edmure being treated like joe jerkoff came as bit of a surprise, since I've only read up to Clash of Kings so far, where he seems quite capable in managing the affairs at Riverrun. Maybe his failures only become apparent in the third novel? In which case they had to hurry things along.He got himself captured in GOT by getting lured out and falling into Tywin and the Mountains trap. A trap Ned Stark saw coming all the way in King's landing. If Rob hadn't sneaked up, surprised and captured Jamie in the Whispering Woods and took the army laying siege from behind by surprise, they would all have been yelling "The King in the South! The king in the South!
1683	Tony Soprano	2013-04-23	Both Clive Russel and Tobias Menzies are exactly how I pictured Brynden and Edmure to look. I also think adding black scales to the Blackfish's armor is very charming and witty. 
I didn't like the funeral scene at all, though. And that's owed to the Blackfish's treatment of Edmure. I've always though he and Robb were to hard on him in the books, but this is just taking it to a whole new level. I've never thought the Blackfish would be so insensitive, so yeah, it got to me. Also, I didn't like how he and Robb scolded Edmure for winning the battle against Tywin. Their grand plan failed, but it's not his fault. If anything, not telling Edmure was their folly. But enough of this, let's save it for General. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
But he finally redeemed himself in the scene with Cat. Dear TV Blackfish, I'm sorry I thought you were an insensitive brute and I'm very glad you showed your feelings about Lord Hoster, unlike the books, where you just kept quiet. All in all, I have some nitpicks, but I still like the character, and I think the casting is phenomenal. 
I don't have a lot to say about Edmure, to be honest. I only wish he had a bit more screentime. I've always liked him as a character, and I've always been sympathetic to his fate. Also, Tobias Menzies is great.
1684	Stannis Gotta Stan	2013-04-29	I was never much of a robb fan in the books... But I HATE him on the show, I mean really, I'm going to be cheering when that douche bag gets killed, I find him ENTIRELY unlikable in the show. Always bugged me that Robb "DERP" Stark gets mad at Edmure for winning a battle when he didnt even inform him of the plan (Edmure commands a huge portion of your forces, is the second most important lord in the kingdom and you dont bother to tell him your plans? Thats Robbs fuck up, not edmures). Not to mention Show rob throws away alliances to marry a random nurse... wtf. Dont even get me started on him laughing at his uncle who just lost his father...
I also dont like them turning blackfish, one of the awesome book characters, into a gigantic douchebag.
I really hope they give Edmure some redeeming quality/moment, as they went total dick mode on him.
1685	First of My Name	2013-04-29	I thought they nailed it with these two.
1686	Woel	2013-04-29	Actually, you generally honor your King above your liege lord.Actually, you have no clue on how the European feudal system worked. It is the exact opposite - your foremost allegiance was to the lord directly "above" you, not to you king or anyone in between. For example, a small noble House sworn to House Tarly (assuming there are any) would have to honor their oaths to the Tarlys if the Tarlys were to rebel against the Tyrells, or the king.
1687	Wsaharan	2013-05-31	I'm hoping to see more of the affection Cat has for her brother, it's pretty clear in the books that she loves him despite his "weakness". Would be nice to see a somewhat "normal" family in GOT. If only for a short while.
1688	lannistergold	2013-04-15	I'm not a Vargo fan (and I'm surprised they exist), but I still think Locke has been a pretty poor substitute so far.
Jaime would be very aggravating to have around, but that seems like a pretty flimsy reason for mutilating a valuable hostage. Vargo at least had a political reason for the hand-lopping.
1689	Tyrion4President	2013-04-15	Locke doesnt seem to have much personality and animation that Vargo had in the books.
1690	podrick_payne45	2013-04-15	I actually really enjoy the character. I think he also serves an important purpose by exposing the non book readers to House Bolton.
1691	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Locke is OK. He is stupider than Hoat though as chopping off Jaime's hand yet letting him (and Brienne) live has put him in a middle ground where the Starks will want to kill him. the Lannisters will want to kill him, and Bolton will have no choice but to hang him for one of them to tear apart, I am quite looking forward to Jaime and Roose's chat /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1692	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I liked the exchange between him and Jaime prior to Jaime's hand being cut off (especially the "I am fond of partridge", and I don't think that would have been possible with Vargo Hoate.  
 /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1693	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	I think he'll get killed by Roose, and possibly flayed as well.
1694	juanml82	2013-04-15	Locke is a patriot. A staunch North loyalist who would rather die than having the North under the Iron Throne again. He realizes the truth in Jaime's words and thinks Roose Bolton would release Jaime and thus, betray the North.
So he cuts Jaime's hand to keep his lord in place. How about that?
The northerners are being portrayed rather cruel this season, though, probably because we haven't seen Lannister cruelty yet in this season
1695	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-15	I think he is brilliant. More human, I would say. A lowborn with a very obvious hatred to the highborn who think less of him. Also, I think the unpredictability of his character, and his willingness to carry out the dirty work himself, makes him a tad more sinister than Vargo, who was pretty much a cartoonish villain.
Although, I do wonder if he will bite the dist this season, and if so, how?
1696	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-15	Im curious as to how they are going to portray Bolton as a scarier man than Locke. Right now, Im not seeing it.
1697	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Im curious as to how they are going to portray Bolton as a scarier man than Locke. Right now, Im not seeing it.Having him feed Locke to a bear might help
1698	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	I think he is brilliant. More human, I would say. A lowborn with a very obvious hatred to the highborn who think less of him. Also, I think the unpredictability of his character, and his willingness to carry out the dirty work himself, makes him a tad more sinister than Vargo, who was pretty much a cartoonish villain.Although, I do wonder if he will bite the dist this season, and if so, how?He will. there is no way Bolton can deal with Tywin unless he also hands in the man who cut off Tywin's son's hand
1699	Harrad	2013-04-15	Hoat turned coat in the book. He started on Lannisters side and moved to Bolton. That is overly cornfusing for the TV fans. Better to have someone from Bolton to keep people's heads from spinning too much.
1700	Fat Mac	2013-04-15	I like Locke so far, but then again I really like Noah Taylor so I guess it's blind bias. But I thought he fills the role ok. Vargo was funny on paper but it would be hard to translate to screen without looking completely stupid.
1701	Dysun	2013-04-15	He's Vargo without the lisp, I have no problems with him and think he's done a good job.
1702	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	Locke's a whitetrash punkrocker who hates daddy's boys. What's not to like?
1703	shiola	2013-04-15	Locke has really no personality, and isn't memorable.
1704	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-15	Locke has really no personality, and isn't memorable.Huh? He has a ton of personality. But yeah, I like him a lot. Creepy guy.
1705	Ramsay Blow	2013-04-15	I actually liked him.  Was very dissappointed they changed the name and all that but in the 5 minutes he's been on camera he's been good.  It was good how he ripped Jaime for bringing daddy up whenever he's in trouble and then punished him.
Also...the actor kinda talks like Ben Mendelsohn, who I think would've nailed the role as Vargo.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Blow, 15 April 2013 - 01:59 PM.
1706	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	I like him, I hope we get more scenes with him
1707	mafalda	2013-04-15	I don't care for him.. don't like or dislike him. He will be a foregettable character to me. I understand some people did not like Vargo Hoat's lipsing, but I thought it was hilarious. Especially since there isn't that much comedy in the series. I was so looking forward to "Kingthlayer! You are my captith!" I just don't understand DD's reasoning behind changing such a distinct character.
1708	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-15	I thought he was great. Really good dialogue.
His actions that may comprise Bolton's betrayal leaves book-readers in the dark and anticipating how it will be adapted
					
					
							Edited by Eric Xayavong, 15 April 2013 - 02:03 PM.
1709	Javi Marcos	2013-04-15	He is not Vargo but he is great. The final speech before the chopping and the acting was awesome.
1710	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I like him, he has a nice restrained sense of menace going, I never really liked Vargo's character too much to begin with, but the Brave Companions as a motley collection of sellswords from all over the world would have been a nice inclusion.
1711	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-15	I'll like him when he's dead.
1712	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Unlike Hoat, Locke isn't just a huge sick fuck for the sake of being a huge sick fuck. That's what I prefer about Locke. The lisp could work but I would guess it would just be silly. Plus you'd want to cast someone that actually has a terrible lisp to play him.
1713	teemo	2013-04-15	too biased to judge, i'm still weeping over no sapphireth.
1714	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-15	Needs more lisp.
1715	SeventySeven	2013-04-15	I don't understand what this "has no personality means". How does he not? In a few scenes he pretty much proved exactly what he's made of and where he stands, and the actor conveyed it very well, too.
He's a more serious version of Vargo. The lisp was hilarious and effective, as it was so ironic that Jaime would be defeated by a bloke who can't even pronounce properly, but Locke fills the exact same role.
1716	sarah.jenice	2013-04-15	He's fine with me. I was just surprised Jamie lost his hand so soon, but I guess with only 10 episodes, some things have to move along quickly.
1717	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	I like him. He's well acted and the change makes sense as it puts focus on House Bolton rather than spending even more time introducing a sellsword company that has no long term importance.I'm not a Vargo fan (and I'm surprised they exist), but I still think Locke has been a pretty poor substitute so far.Jaime would be very aggravating to have around, but that seems like a pretty flimsy reason for mutilating a valuable hostage. Vargo at least had a political reason for the hand-lopping.What makes you draw the conclusion that Locke has flimsy reasons? He's a northerner and quite a lot of the northerners wanted to execute Jaime when he was their prisoner as quite a lot of people had died by his hand or his command. Locke can actually have hatred for Jaime and the Lannisters.
1718	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	Locke is important to establish the Boltons as players in the story, you have Locke with Jaime, Roose with Robb, and "Boy" with Theon.
TV viewers wouldn't undertand the whole Vargo Hoat thing, he was a minor and unimportant disposable book character with a complex loyalty switch, so this works better with what they are trying to do, establish House Bolton for later and more terrible things to come.
TV Viewers are thinking the "northmen" are taking some payback on a Lannister, just like "boy" and theon, they are not sure about these guys and are guessing, its misdirection to create a suprise when the horrible truth about the Boltons comes out, lol.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 15 April 2013 - 03:24 PM.
1719	insertname	2013-04-15	I like him, and prefer him to having Hoat. The lisp works okay in the books, and makes for a few laughs, but I don't think it would have translated well on TV.
1720	BericDondarrion	2013-04-15	Locke is the man. 10x better then Vargo. He is 100% loyal to the king in the north. And Jaime was trying to be sly and thought Locke was dumb and Locke knew it. He also loathed Jaime crying about "my father" so I gotta say Locke is one of my new favorites. He's definitely going to bite it though, you won't escape the wrath of cutting off Jaimes hand a la Vargo. ( though the person who actually cut off Jaimes hand in the books is still alive though )
1721	Jaime's Wench	2013-04-15	I like him, but I do miss the lisp. The scene was performed very well - I love the way he performed the deed.
1722	Red Knight	2013-04-15	not bad, he is connecting the book and series nicely
1723	wandering	2013-04-15	Liked what was there, very well acted. But he doesn't have the depth that Vargo had and for that reason i I think he's terrible and OMG what are D&D doing?!?
1724	Nezzer	2013-04-15	Why are people saying he has no lisp? While it's not the ultra hard lisp Vargo has, Locke still has a mild lisp. Anyway, Noah Taylor's acting has been amazing so far.
1725	Dove	2013-04-15	no "thapphireth", YOU'RE DEAD TO ME D&D
Really though Locke's fine, it's not like Vargo Hoat was a particularly ~deep and compelling character~. He's menacing and has a sick fuck sense of humor, just like Hoat. There's not much more to it. The "saga" of Harrenhall/the Brave Companions was interesting in the books but it's waaayy too convoluted to really bring to the screen, it makes sense that they'd turn them into Bolton men.
1726	tito5601	2013-04-15	i like locke and i think the actor playing him is a fantastic actor kinda reminds me of a younger gary oldman
1727	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Loved the scene.  I wouldn't go as far as saying brilliant, but a solid character, no complaints
1728	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	He creeped me out far more than Vargo did, so I enjoyed watching him. I was surprised that I liked it, given as how annoyed I was that Vargo was replaced with a new character.
1729	SecretaryofEvil	2013-04-15	He likes to rape large women and maim men for spurious purposes. On the other hand, he had a tremendous singing voice.
1730	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I like him as a character. He's fucked himself now though.
1731	Bayard	2013-04-15	Yeah, he's good, and will get even better. They chose a very good actor, Roose is not sacrificing his best man. We may see him for a long time in the show
1732	Loras	2013-04-15	Noah Taylor is a wonderful actor and really engaging on screen.  I was seriously creeped out during the scene between him and Jaime.  For the tone of the show I am really glad they cut Vargo - Locke is far more menacing.
1733	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I like him as a character. He's fucked himself now though.I like his character as well, but I worry they've introduced another weird plot hole because Roose's man would know whether its okay to cut off the kingslayer's hand or not, the Bolton men are not going to be the freelance types who go all ad hoc on the most important captive in the country.
1734	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	I like his character as well, but I worry they've introduced another weird plot hole because Roose's man would know whether its okay to cut off the kingslayer's hand or not, the Bolton men are not going to be the freelance types who go all ad hoc on the most important captive in the country.Perhaps he has no idea about Roose's intentions and was just told to capture Jaime under the impression that he would stay loyal to Robb Stark. I mean its still a bad idea but not quite as bad if he knew Roose was communicating with Tywin.
1735	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I like his character as well, but I worry they've introduced another weird plot hole because Roose's man would know whether its okay to cut off the kingslayer's hand or not, the Bolton men are not going to be the freelance types who go all ad hoc on the most important captive in the country.See, I don't think he's aware of Roose's intentions at all.
1736	Clariana	2013-04-15	Hate the name change but love the actor's portrayal. He looked like a pallid slightly sinister Coronel Saunders.Jaime talking down to him really riled him... Or did it? I got the feeling Jaime's mutilation was pre-ordained.  Why?Jaime escaped and killed several men while captured, the north wants blood.The war is turning nasty now, desperate men do desperate things.Mutilating him makes it much less likely he'll escape in future, not only physically but it will have a depressing effect on him.  When Jaime starts with the sapphires prattling I think Locke realises just how persuasive and charismatic he can be and he decides that he literally needs to be taken down a peg and kept docile.
1737	Capt Banjo	2013-04-15	There is no evidence that the RW is being planned at this point in the story. Why would Roose, who peels people like bananas, care about the Kingslayer loosing a hand if he hasn't dealt with Tywin yet? Even if he has dealt with Tywin, he forgot to tell Locke about it (or just said bring him back alive). It'll be more interesting if they show Roose make the RW deal with Tywin, not knowing Jamie is unhanded, then show the aftermath of the mixup when Roose/Tywin finds out. I like Locke, too bad he is a dead man walking.
1738	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	See, I don't think he's aware of Roose's intentions at all.I'm sure the show will hand-wave this as his explanation, but IMO it doesn't really hold water.  This was my primary gripe when the Bloody Mummers were cut from the show and I think it still applies.  Locke has no motive, other than basic sadism, to take Jaime's hand.  The same was not true of Hoat.
1739	Clariana	2013-04-15	I'm sure the show will hand-wave this as his explanation, but IMO it doesn't really hold water.  This was my primary gripe when the Bloody Mummers were cut from the show and I think it still applies.  Locke has no motive, other than basic sadism, to take Jaime's hand.  The same was not true of Hoat.He has: To keep him docile and contained and return him to Roose as per his remit.
1740	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	He has: To keep him docile and contained and return him to Roose as per his remit.Jaime wasn't particularly misbehaving, just running his mouth a bit, and he was in chains, not that much of a threat.  More to the point it still requires that Locke be completely ignorant of Roose's intent to turn his cloak, which is a weaksauce hand-wave.  Taking Jaime's hand severely damages Roose's ability to turn his cloak (which of course was precisely Hoat's intent), which means that Roose sent out a guy that clearly doesn't have to be pushed pretty hard to start hacking off limbs but that was ignorant of his intentions.  Poor planning on Roose's part, and weakens the character.  Not a major thing but definitely a downgrade.
1741	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-15	I don't care for him.. don't like or dislike him. He will be a foregettable character to me. I understand some people did not like Vargo Hoat's lipsing, but I thought it was hilarious. Especially since there isn't that much comedy in the series. I was so looking forward to "Kingthlayer! You are my captith!" I just don't understand DD's reasoning behind changing such a distinct character.Because that would come across rather poorly on screen.
1742	Clariana	2013-04-15	Jaime wasn't particularly misbehaving, just running his mouth a bit, and he was in chains, not that much of a threat.  More to the point it still requires that Locke be completely ignorant of Roose's intent to turn his cloak, which is a weaksauce hand-wave.  Taking Jaime's hand severely damages Roose's ability to turn his cloak (which of course was precisely Hoat's intent), which means that Roose sent out a guy that clearly doesn't have to be pushed pretty hard to start hacking off limbs but that was ignorant of his intentions.  Poor planning on Roose's part, and weakens the character.  Not a major thing but definitely a downgrade.I didn't say that he was misbehaving but he was clearly offering rewards and riches in return for Brienne's virtue and his own release.  There is a perception among all northerners now that they are losing the war. Jaime makes direct reference to that in his pitch to Locke. Locke doesn't fall for it but he cannot be sure one of his men wouldn't and, insofar as he knows, should Jaime slip away again, that's his head on a pike. So he mutilates Jaime to make escaping that much more difficult.
1743	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	I'm sure the show will hand-wave this as his explanation, but IMO it doesn't really hold water.  This was my primary gripe when the Bloody Mummers were cut from the show and I think it still applies.  Locke has no motive, other than basic sadism, to take Jaime's hand.  The same was not true of Hoat.He has no motivation to treat him well though. He still believes him to be the enemy. Chopping off his hand won't make Tywin pay or offer less and it's not like they're kidnappers trying to extort Tywin for every penny possible. Hoat initially looks to have made a mistake in the book since he was once Tywin's goat but then Roose explains it to Jaime. Locke was never Tywin's creature and is unaware of Roose's dealings with him.
1744	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	i like him
i really do not understand how some people are saying he had no good motive to cut off jaimes hand. who said he needs a good motive?
he doesn't like jaime. jaime tries to con him into freeing him and feeding him, gives him all that lannister lip service which he doesn't appreciate so he decides to teach him a lesson. it also guarantees that he won't be attempting any escapes. its pretty simple
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 07:20 PM.
1745	lannistergold	2013-04-15	Hate the name change but love the actor's portrayal. He looked like a pallid slightly sinister Coronel Saunders.Jaime talking down to him really riled him... Or did it? I got the feeling Jaime's mutilation was pre-ordained.  Why?Jaime escaped and killed several men while captured, the north wants blood.The war is turning nasty now, desperate men do desperate things.Mutilating him makes it much less likely he'll escape in future, not only physically but it will have a depressing effect on him.  When Jaime starts with the sapphires prattling I think Locke realises just how persuasive and charismatic he can be and he decides that he literally needs to be taken down a peg and kept docile.Those are some fair points. But whatever gains he made would pale in comparison to his loss: he'll have brought Tywin Lannister's wrath down on him.Vargo's act at least made some sense. 
	Spoiler He knew that Tywin would never forgive him for stealing Harrenhal (and indeed, by the time Tywin learns about Jaime's hand, Vargo's already being carved up by Gregor). Currying favour with Lord Karstark by delivering "justice" on Jaime was rational at that point. Vargo's plan only went awry when Karstark lost his head, unforeseeably.
 By contrast, Locke's closed his options rather than opening them - after all, why not try to make a good first impression with Tywin by delivering Jaime in one piece?On the other hand, Locke does have a subtle sort of menace to him that I dig. I'll be interested to see how he tries to get himself out of this bind, but my gut tells me he'll fail miserably.
1746	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I don't think they should do the whole "Vargo suspects Roose of conspiring with Tywin". That might be too much of a giveaway of things to come. They can just attribute him as being reckless. He doesn't seem like the brightest person, so cutting off Jaime's hand wouldn't be totally out of character. After all, in show canon, Locke probably thinks he's returning Jaime to Robb. I doubt he believes that Robb would punish him for the hand thing. If he does, he can claim Brienne did it.
1747	Lord Godric	2013-04-15	I really don't see the problem with Locke cutting off Jaime's hand.  He is most likely, like others have said, operating under the assumption that Jaime will remain in the hands of the Starks as a valuable hostage. The episode last week established that Littlefinger's and Varys' spies are doing a good job tracking Jaime, so they most likely wouldn't find out about his hand, and he'd still serve the same purpose he did before.
1748	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	Yeah, he's good, and will get even better. They chose a very good actor, Roose is not sacrificing his best man. We may see him for a long time in the showare you serious lol? what do you think the cunning Roose prefers, keeping his old hunter or winnings tywins favor and being granted paramount lordship over the north?i still smell plot hole/character assasination. Locke was riding under Bolton Banners. Remember when Tywin invaded the riverlands just because Cat took Tyrion (a son he didnt even care about and probably hoped for him to die in secret).Now that tywin has twice the army of the north plus his tyrell allies to call in, he could simply tell bolton "Your men cut  off my oldest sons hand. i have three times as many men as the northern host, i dont need your and Walder Freys help to deal with the young pup. I will gather my forces and personally hunt down every single one of you, and when i get my hands on you Lord Bolton, i will show you what happens to those who cross the lion of casterly rock. I havent decided what to do with you yet, but you can be sure that there will be no more Boltons and no Dreadfort when im done"Its pretty well established that the most important thing to tywin is the family reputation, that house lannister is either respected or feared. what kind of message would it send if a relativley minor house from the north can get a way with mutilating his favourite son and in return he is given paramount lordship over the north. there are only 2 possible solutions AFAIK:1. Roose sends tywin lockes skin2. Roose sends Locke as a prisoner, accompanying Jamie and Qyburn to kings landing, and upon arrival locke is given to Qyburn for his experiments.
1749	victim	2013-04-16	i still smell plot hole/character assasination. Locke was riding under Bolton Banners. Remember when Tywin invaded the riverlands just because Cat took Tyrion (a son he didnt even care about and probably hoped for him to die in secret).Now that tywin has twice the army of the north plus his tyrell allies to call in, he could simply tell bolton "Your men cut  off my oldest sons hand. i have three times as many men as the northern host, i dont need your and Walder Freys help to deal with the young pup. I will gather my forces and personally hunt down every single one of you, and when i get my hands on you Lord Bolton, i will show you what happens to those who cross the lion of casterly rock. I havent decided what to do with you yet, but you can be sure that there will be no more Boltons and no Dreadfort when im done"What character assassination? Tywin didn't lash out at the Bolton's when Hoat cut off Jaime's hand in the books - and Hoat was very much one of Bolton's men, just as a sell-sword instead of a Bannerman. As long as Locke dies, there'll be no reason for Tywin to think any different to how he did in the books.I'm surprised nobody has mentioned that Locke is actually a Lord. When Jaime convinces him to not rape Brienne, Locke calls out, "Bring her back here," and his men respond, "Yes, my Lord." Maybe Tywin will want to take out his frustrations on House Locke* over House Bolton.*They're a very different House in the books.
1750	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	What character assassination? Tywin didn't lash out at the Bolton's when Hoat cut off Jaime's hand in the books - and Hoat was very much one of Bolton's men, just as a sell-sword instead of a Bannerman. As long as Locke dies, there'll be no reason for Tywin to think any different to how he did in the books.That was a different situation. the fact that jamie lost his hand to a sellsword that was originally unleashed by Tywin made the entire issue more embarrasing for Tywin. But Locke actually carries Boltons Banners, so Roose better do something to make up for the facts that his men mutilated Tywins Son.to quote tywin from S1:"if another house can seize one of our own and hold him capitive with impunity, then we are no longer a house to be feared"but cutting of a lannister of casterly rocks hand will reward you with paramount lordship over the north? does not add up. it would most certainly affect how other houses percieve house Lannister, and it would affect how i percieve Tywins personality... in the first book he went to war to protect the family reputation because a son that he hates was captured by Catelyn Tully. Now hes just gonna let the men who chopped of his favourite sons hand get away with being lifted to wardens of the north?
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 16 April 2013 - 01:10 AM.
1751	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	It would save bought time and make things easier if Roose simply sent Locke and his men to Tywin along with Qyburn, brienne and jamie and allow them to execute their revenge themselves in the dungeons under the red keep. again, this could be an excellent opportunity to introduce Qyburns "experiments on one of the prisoners.
1752	victim	2013-04-16	Except that in this situation, Tywin deals with the Bolton's to win the war. Getting them on his side is necessary to win the war and he knows Roose didn't personally cut off Jaime's hand, rather it was this Locke character. I agree that revenge must be taken, I'm just trying to find the "character assassination" in it.
1753	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	I like Locke.  Being a lover of the books, I had mixed feelings about losing the telltale lithp of Vargo.  On the one hand, it's in the books, but  on the other, would it come across as overly goofy on camera?  We'll never know, but Locke is great.
1754	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I think he's cool (much more so than Vargo Hoat, who I didn't particularly care for), and the scene of him humiliating Jaime before cutting his hand off was more effective to me than how it plays out in the book.  Also it keeps the story focused.
1755	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	It would save bought time and make things easier if Roose simply sent Locke and his men to Tywin along with Qyburn, brienne and jamie and allow them to execute their revenge themselves in the dungeons under the red keep. again, this could be an excellent opportunity to introduce Qyburns "experiments on one of the prisoners.That is a HUGE change from the books.  Would you really prefer such a massive change to a non-change?   Tywin's character is not "assassinated" (by the way it's pretty clear that people here don't know what "character assassination" means) just because he won't kill Roose Bolton over one of his men chopping Jaime's hand off without Boton's knowledge.
1756	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	That is a HUGE change from the books.  Would you really prefer such a massive change to a non-change?   Tywin's character is not "assassinated" (by the way it's pretty clear that people here don't know what "character assassination" means) just because he won't kill Roose Bolton over one of his men chopping Jaime's hand off without Boton's knowledge.But killing innocent farmers in the riverlands because catelyn stark captured Tyrion, the son he doesnt care about makes more sense to you? why would he go to war for tyrions honour but ally himself with the man who is responsible for jamies loss of arm, when he really can just crush the northern army at this point?Except that in this situation, Tywin deals with the Bolton's to win the war. Getting them on his side is necessary to win the war and he knows Roose didn't personally cut off Jaime's hand, rather it was this Locke character. I agree that revenge must be taken, I'm just trying to find the "character assassination" in it.it is not at all necessary. Tywin has twice the men on his own and probably 3,5-4 times more men than the north if he calls for a portion of the tyrell vassals. Since the Northerners are cut off from retreating to their northern keeps by the ironborn occupying Moat Cailin, they are kinda stuck in the riverlands for now.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 16 April 2013 - 01:55 AM.
1757	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	But killing innocent farmers in the riverlands because catelyn stark captured Tyrion, the son he doesnt care about makes more sense to you? why would he go to war for tyrions honour but ally himself with the man who is responsible for jamies loss of arm, when he really can just crush the northern army at this point?Uh correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't Jaime promise Bolton he won't tell Tywin that he was responsible for cutting his hand off if he lets him leave Harrenhal?EDIT - from the Ice & Fire wiki:Later, at dinner, Lord Bolton hints that he will free Jaime as long as Jaime absolves him of the blame for the loss of his hand. Jaime agrees, and Lord Bolton orders Steelshanks Walton to escort him to King's Landing.So looks like there isn't the conflict you think there is.  *Whew* no characters "assassinated" today!
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 02:09 AM.
1758	Currawong	2013-04-16	I think he's cool (much more so than Vargo Hoat, who I didn't particularly care for), and the scene of him humiliating Jaime before cutting his hand off was more effective to me than how it plays out in the book.  Also it keeps the story focused.Exactly.   And there is no reason why Tywin Lannister should be the only person with renegade bannermen who are loyal, but also brutal and sadistic (The Mountain).   Why can't Roose Bolton have someone like that, with Locke?   It makes perfect sense - Roose knows Locke's ability as a hunter of men, just as Tywin knows the impact that a rampaging Gregor Clegane can have, and so Roose sends out Locke to find Jaime and bring Jaime to him (Roose).   There is no reason for Roose to tell Locke anything of his own plotting with Tywin: he just expects Locke to return with Jaime, expecting to use Jaime's return as a further bargaining chip withTywin.	But if Locke returns with handless Jaime, Roose is in an awkward situation and is likely to have one or two 'problems' with Daddy Tywin, just as in the books.    That's the whole point of the Roose/Jaime dinner table conversation at Harrenhal - Roose wants Jaime to 'sing the right song' back to Tywin about how it wasn't Roose who removed Jaime's hand.    So I don't see too many problems with the plot being simplified in this way, and certainly Hoat's cartoonish lisp would not have come across nearly as effectively on TV as it does in the books.  Some things work well on the page but not on screen, and vice versa.As for Locke not having much depth as someone suggested earlier - hello?  Apart from the two seconds of his arrival in ep 2, he's only appeared in two scenes in Ep 3, and you are already assessing him as not having 'depth'?!!   I thought he was excellent, and had a real sense of cold menace from the very first.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 16 April 2013 - 02:15 AM.
1759	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	Uh correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't Jaime promise Bolton he won't tell Tywin that he was responsible for cutting his hand off if he lets him leave Harrenhal?EDIT - from the Ice & Fire wiki:So looks like there isn't the conflict you think there is.  *Whew* no characters "assassinated" today!Wich i wont buy for a second if they try to pull off in the series. after the loss of his hand, if i remember correctly,  jamie was in a furious state of lust for revenge. Just because he makes a promise to bolton to be able to escape doesnt mean he has to keep it. First of all it would be far from the first time jamie lied about something, so there is absolutley no reason for him to keep this stupid promise to Roose Bolton, who is a totally insignificant house compared to Lannister of casterly rock. There is no reason for Jamie to NOT tell Tywin exactly what happened when he get back to kings landing. and in the case of the series the man who cut off his hand actually carried the bolton banners, so regardless if it happened on Rooses order or not, he should face a similiar fate as house Reyne unless Tywin has went through a complete personality change.
1760	Currawong	2013-04-16	Wich i wont buy for a second if they try to pull off in the series. after the loss of his hand, if i remember correctly,  jamie was in a furious state of lust for revenge. Just because he makes a promise to bolton to be able to escape doesnt mean he has to keep it. First of all it would be far from the first time jamie lied about something, so there is absolutley no reason for him to keep this stupid promise to Roose Bolton, who is a totally insignificant house compared to Lannister of casterly rock. There is no reason for Jamie to NOT tell Tywin exactly what happened when he get back to kings landing. and in the case of the series the man who cut off his hand actually carried the bolton banners, so regardless if it happened on Rooses order or not, he should face a similiar fate as house Reyne unless Tywin has went through a complete personality change.   But Jaime could just as easily easily have dumped the blame on Roose in the books, and he didn't.   After all, Vargo Hoat took Jaime back to Roose at Harrenhal - just because Hoat was a renegade turned loose by Tywin didn't mean that he hadn't conspired with Roose against Jaime, or that Jaime wouldn't be able to tell Tywin a tale of how Roose was not to be trusted and had paid Vargo Hoat to hunt down Jaime.  And I don't think Daddy Tywin would be taking immediate revenge against the Boltons just because Jaime arrives back minus a hand.  Tywin has much bigger things on his mind:  he has a war to win against the Starks, and he has the RW planned - and for those much plans, he needs Roose Bolton.   Yes, we saw him being concerned about getting Jaime back, but I don't think Tywin's version of fatherly affection would ever lead him to forget the realities of the much bigger picture and prize to be won.  This is Tywin Lannister we are talking about!
1761	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Wich i wont buy for a second if they try to pull off in the series. after the loss of his hand, if i remember correctly,  jamie was in a furious state of lust for revenge. Just because he makes a promise to bolton to be able to escape doesnt mean he has to keep it. First of all it would be far from the first time jamie lied about something, so there is absolutley no reason for him to keep this stupid promise to Roose Bolton, who is a totally insignificant house compared to Lannister of casterly rock. There is no reason for Jamie to NOT tell Tywin exactly what happened when he get back to kings landing. and in the case of the series the man who cut off his hand actually carried the bolton banners, so regardless if it happened on Rooses order or not, he should face a similiar fate as house Reyne unless Tywin has went through a complete personality change.So now the problem is with the book rather than the show?Regardless of that, I think your "shoulds" are unreasonable.  It would be quite foolish for Tywin to do the things you are suggesting.  As we know, he isn't a hotheaded all-or-nothing character.  He's cold and calculating, and he NEEDS Roose Bolton's treachery with the Freys in order to defeat Robb.If he could just go destroy everyone purely because he's such a badass, why doesn't he just do that in the first place?
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 02:42 AM.
1762	Bungholes First	2013-04-16	That was a different situation. the fact that jamie lost his hand to a sellsword that was originally unleashed by Tywin made the entire issue more embarrasing for Tywin. But Locke actually carries Boltons Banners, so Roose better do something to make up for the facts that his men mutilated Tywins Son.to quote tywin from S1:"if another house can seize one of our own and hold him capitive with impunity, then we are no longer a house to be feared"but cutting of a lannister of casterly rocks hand will reward you with paramount lordship over the north? does not add up. it would most certainly affect how other houses percieve house Lannister, and it would affect how i percieve Tywins personality... in the first book he went to war to protect the family reputation because a son that he hates was captured by Catelyn Tully. Now hes just gonna let the men who chopped of his favourite sons hand get away with being lifted to wardens of the north?^^^ThisAs someone who watched the show before reading the books I'm usually fine with changes. However with this season, there are many deviations in adaptation that create plot holes instead of tighten, add to, or simplify the story. Jorah filling in for many Arstan's lines of disapproval against the madness of Unsullied training doesn't make sense since he's the one who knows all about and talks Dany into buying them. Littlefinger directly plotting with Sansa doesn't make sense because as a traitor she's being watched, and as Varys's rival he knows he's being watched. Then there's this, which creates problems for the Bolton-Lannister conspiracy.So I dislike the change especially when I was looking forward to hearing "thaffireth" and seeing the satisfying just desserts with Hoat flopping around with no hands and feet, although I enjoy the actor who played Locke. At the very least we didn't get some wildly changed compromise* with Vargo Hoat as a non-mercenary Stark Bannerman and a non-international Brave Companions. Therefore we can save them for later seasons much like we got with Thoros, Roose Bolton, Blackfish Tully, Edmure Tully, the Reeds and others who are introduced past the timeline in their book appearances.The thing I really hated though was how the episode CUT to credits with that out of place rendition of The Bear and the Maiden Fair, which SEVERED all tension from that shocking moment. The out of nowhere placement of BAMF was made even worse by how disappointed I was that it wasn't played during the lunch with Sansa and the Tyrells which really demonstrated the Queen of Thorn's improvisational ingenuity and Sansa's discretion. This would have been one of my favorite episodes if not for the ending.*(Benioff having worked on the movie versions of The Kite Runner and Wolverine made some terrible cuts and concessions before.)
					
					
							Edited by Bungholes First, 16 April 2013 - 02:54 AM.
1763	Arcydas	2013-04-16	Locke is one of the good changes they've made.As people have pointed out already : Explainen the Harrenhal/Brave Companions storyline simply would have been too much.Also it focuses the viewer's attention on the existence of House Bolton and it being a major player in the game.Furthermore i think that the performance is spot-on and enjoyable."The thing I really hated though was how the episode CUT to credits with that out of place rendition of The Bear and the Maiden Fair, which SEVERED all tension from that shocking moment. The out of nowhere placement of BAMF was made even worse by how disappointed I was that it wasn't played during the lunch with Sansa and the Tyrells which really demonstrated the Queen of Thorn's improvisational ingenuity and Sansa's discretion."You do know that this was done by the uploader and not included in the official airing?
					
					
							Edited by Arcydas, 16 April 2013 - 02:54 AM.
1764	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	You do know that this was done by the uploader and not included in the official airing?This is actually not true.  The music was included in the original broadcast.  Apparently the original pirated version had the music starting early for some reason, which is what I assume you're referring to.
1765	Bungholes First	2013-04-16	You do know that this was done by the uploader and not included in the official airing?Reread my quote.The thing I really hated though was how the episode CUT to creditsI'll agree with you, on giving the Boltons more emphasis instead of having to introduce and give screentime and exposition for the Bloody Mummers. But since we're losing two of our principal villains in the next two seasons, I hope in the future we get a ragtag assortment of international scumbags led by an Old Goat with a speech impediment to fill that void.
					
					
							Edited by Bungholes First, 16 April 2013 - 03:13 AM.
1766	Morrigan	2013-04-16	Something's been nagging at me. Locke's line about Jaime using his father's name to make his troubles magically go away was familiar to me, but I couldn't find it (from Vargo or anyone else) in the Jaime chapters. I might have skimmed and missed it, but it was very familiar dialogue, anyone remember if/when it's said in the books?
1767	Holdfast	2013-04-16	I like him but think the lisp would have been too much for TV, so it was the right decision not to run with the full Vargo version IMO. (But....I wish we had heard "thapphireth"  even just once from anyone in Locke's group really, just as a nod to a very popular and humorous part of the books).
1768	Direwolfsigil	2013-04-16	I think a character known as "the crippler" who is notorious for lopping off limbs and thinking for himself might have been weirder than a character that actually has some believable political motivation for non-readers.
I don't get the inclination that Locke gets his kicks from lopping off hands and feet often.
Some people have a hard time distinguishing them all and this guy will be dead pretty soon, his entire backstory isnt necessary.
					
					
							Edited by Direwolfsigil, 16 April 2013 - 03:48 AM.
1769	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	So now the problem is with the book rather than the show?Regardless of that, I think your "shoulds" are unreasonable.  It would be quite foolish for Tywin to do the things you are suggesting.  As we know, he isn't a hotheaded all-or-nothing character.  He's cold and calculating, and he NEEDS Roose Bolton's treachery with the Freys in order to defeat Robb.If he could just go destroy everyone purely because he's such a badass, why doesn't he just do that in the first place?1. The problem is not the book, because in the book there was the ironic twist of jamie losing his hand to the men tywin originally unleashed, and they did not carry the Bolton Banners. When it came to the bloody mummers, it was actually more Tywins fault than Rooses (if i remember correctly, it was a long time ago since i read the book) since roose had no part in the cutting of jamies hand, and the bloody mummers did not carry his sigil or banner, it was in fact Tywins fault for unleashing such a brutal and morbid group of sellswords2. Remember that Tywin went to war against the riverlands because cat had siezed tyrion? and this was when Ned Stark was still hand of the king and Tywins grandson did not sit on the iron throne. When people disrespect house Lannister, Tywin can be both ruthless and hot-headed. Why would he start a war against one of the major houses of westeros to protect the honour of the son he hates, but let Bolton get away with permanently maiming his eldest son? if a relativley insignificant house like bolton (pre-RW and their rise to paramount house status) can get away with something like that, "house lannister is officially no longer a house to be feared" and Tywin is turning into Tytos.3. No, Tywin is not so dependant on Roose that he is going to accept such a slight against his family. they have said several times in this season that Tywin alone has twice as many men as the north host. if some of his tyrell vassals joined in he could probably outnumber them 4 to 1, and as i said the path to the north is temporarly blocked by the ironborn blockade at Moat Coilin so it would take a while for Robbs host to retreat. Tywin could crush the stark army, bolton included, on the battlefield. he does not need Bolton or Frey to win the war, it would have been an easier solution yes, but i would not regard it as an option (again, unless tywin is turning into tytos) after boltons slight against the Lannister Family (to those who wants to point out that it was locke who did it, i counter with a tywin quote: "when soliders lack discipline the fault lies with their commander." again, he was carrying the flayed man of bolton banner. And nobody wants to get involved with the Freys unless it is absolutley nessecary
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 16 April 2013 - 04:11 AM.
1770	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	I think the differences between Vargo and Locke are profound despite their similar actions. Vargo is a sellsword, Locke is a Lord. Vargo is a foreigner, Locke is a Northman.
Jaime gets his hand cut off in the show because he, essentially, continually insults Locke from the beginning of their conversation to their end. The thing is, Jaime completely misses he's insulting Locke. Jaime is used to being a man with no honor so he assumes they're just waiting for a sufficiently high bribe.
Locke is a vile murdering rapist but he THINKS he has honor.
Locke isn't for sale. Locke isn't for sale and Jaime's dogged insistence of implying he IS for sale by his bribe offers, finally just makes Locke so ****ed off he lops off his hand.
					
					
							Edited by Charles Phipps, 16 April 2013 - 04:10 AM.
1771	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	If locke is a Lord why was he Carrying Boltons banners and not his own? maybe just a small goof/mistake from the producers side, or they decided to upgrade locke to a lord after the second episode was filmed.
1772	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	If locke is a Lord why was he Carrying Boltons banners and not his own? maybe just a small goof/mistake from the producers side, or they decided to upgrade locke to a lord after the second episode was filmed.It could be Locke Bolton. Third cousin twice removed's nephew.
					
					
							Edited by Charles Phipps, 16 April 2013 - 04:17 AM.
1773	Clariana	2013-04-16	I think the differences between Vargo and Locke are profound despite their similar actions. Vargo is a sellsword, Locke is a Lord. Vargo is a foreigner, Locke is a Northman.Jaime gets his hand cut off in the show because he, essentially, continually insults Locke from the beginning of their conversation to their end. The thing is, Jaime completely misses he's insulting Locke. Jaime is used to being a man with no honor so he assumes they're just waiting for a sufficiently high bribe.Locke is a vile murdering rapist but he THINKS he has honor.Locke isn't for sale. Locke isn't for sale and Jaime's dogged insistence of implying he IS for sale by his bribe offers, finally just makes Locke so ****ed off he lops off his hand.I like this reading.I think Jaime has become so used to being treated with cotton gloves, getting away with murdur in Robb's camp, insulting Brienne day in and day out that he is not quite away of the implications of shooting his mouth now the situation has changed.  As he says to Brienne "I am the valuable hostage here..." forgetting that he may be valuable but that doesn't mean he's immune.He insults Locke's intelligence horribly "Sapphires... You know, the blue gems..." Locke has to set that right.
1774	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	One of the great additions to the show was visual storytelling about the differences between the Lannisters and the Northmen. Personal honor is HUGE up there, even if you're a vile disgusting person. So when Umber gets his fingers eaten by a dire wolf for an insult at a party, it's a fairly acceptable lesson in manners.
Locke gave Jaime an acceptable lesson in the fact the Northmen may not win this war but, in all likelihood, may go for scorched Earth revenge versus surrender.
They're savages up North and proud of it.
					
					
							Edited by Charles Phipps, 16 April 2013 - 04:21 AM.
1775	Pepi	2013-04-16	@Morrigan: You probably heard this audition tape ... The password is ned, IIRC. I also thought it was straight from the books because of it. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Now I'm not so sure.
					
					
							Edited by Pepi, 16 April 2013 - 04:44 AM.
1776	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	1. The problem is not the book, because in the book there was the ironic twist of jamie losing his hand to the men tywin originally unleashed, and they did not carry the Bolton Banners. When it came to the bloody mummers, it was actually more Tywins fault than Rooses (if i remember correctly, it was a long time ago since i read the book) since roose had no part in the cutting of jamies hand, and the bloody mummers did not carry his sigil or banner, it was in fact Tywins fault for unleashing such a brutal and morbid group of sellswords2. Remember that Tywin went to war against the riverlands because cat had siezed tyrion? and this was when Ned Stark was still hand of the king and Tywins grandson did not sit on the iron throne. When people disrespect house Lannister, Tywin can be both ruthless and hot-headed. Why would he start a war against one of the major houses of westeros to protect the honour of the son he hates, but let Bolton get away with permanently maiming his eldest son? if a relativley insignificant house like bolton (pre-RW and their rise to paramount house status) can get away with something like that, "house lannister is officially no longer a house to be feared" and Tywin is turning into Tytos.3. No, Tywin is not so dependant on Roose that he is going to accept such a slight against his family. they have said several times in this season that Tywin alone has twice as many men as the north host. if some of his tyrell vassals joined in he could probably outnumber them 4 to 1, and as i said the path to the north is temporarly blocked by the ironborn blockade at Moat Coilin so it would take a while for Robbs host to retreat. Tywin could crush the stark army, bolton included, on the battlefield. he does not need Bolton or Frey to win the war, it would have been an easier solution yes, but i would not regard it as an option (again, unless tywin is turning into tytos) after boltons slight against the Lannister Family (to those who wants to point out that it was locke who did it, i counter with a tywin quote: "when soliders lack discipline the fault lies with their commander." again, he was carrying the flayed man of bolton banner. And nobody wants to get involved with the Freys unless it is absolutley nessecaryTL;DR - you're right about everything, congratulations!  Hopefully everything happens exactly the way you suggest, screw all the stuff of Jaime rescuing Brienne, etc.Anyway, Locke is cool.  I hope we see more of him, and Vargo Hoat can suck it.
1777	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	TL;DR - you're right about everything, congratulations!  Hopefully everything happens exactly the way you suggest, screw all the stuff of Jaime rescuing Brienne, etc.Anyway, Locke is cool.  I hope we see more of him, and Vargo Hoat can suck it.what did i suggest again?
1778	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	what did i suggest again?I don't remember either. Something about skipping going back to Harrenhal and just taking Jaime to King's Landing.
1779	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	Locke is a patriot. A staunch North loyalist who would rather die than having the North under the Iron Throne again. He realizes the truth in Jaime's words and thinks Roose Bolton would release Jaime and thus, betray the North.So he cuts Jaime's hand to keep his lord in place. How about that?The voice of reason. This actually makes more sense than Vargo Hoat being so loyal to the North, to me.
1780	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	I don't remember either. Something about skipping going back to Harrenhal and just taking Jaime to King's Landing.i dont think that was me, sorry. i remember suggesting in the EP2 forum that it would fit nicely if jamie reaches harrenhall around episode 7-8, where roose who has now decided to switch sides throws locke in the bearpit while jamie taunts the struggling hunter.the thing that annoyed me the most about jamies approach in the book after losing his hand is that he was so filled with lust for revenge, but he never asked Roose to let him kill/torture Hoat as a sign of good will. i really doubt that Roose would have said no, considering how much he could gain through the Lannister alliance and the fact that Hoat was essentially a dead man already.
1781	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	They have to tread carefully with how Roose handles the situation or Roose's betrayal of Robb is going to become far too obvious. Letting him kill his own men because effing Jaime Lannister asks so would be a dead giveaway. I remember thinking Roose was simply chickening out and just wanted to keep himself safe in the books, but wasn't necessarily going to bring about Robb's downfall himself.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 05:33 AM.
1782	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	i dont think that was me, sorry. i remember suggesting in the EP2 forum that it would fit nicely if jamie reaches harrenhall around episode 7-8, where roose who has now decided to switch sides throws locke in the bearpit while jamie taunts the struggling hunter.the thing that annoyed me the most about jamies approach in the book after losing his hand is that he was so filled with lust for revenge, but he never asked Roose to let him kill/torture Hoat as a sign of good will. i really doubt that Roose would have said no, considering how much he could gain through the Lannister alliance and the fact that Hoat was essentially a dead man already.Well you said something about Roose sending Locke back with Jaime, Brienne and Qyburn. That's what I was referring to, but it doesn't matter haha.I don't remember him lusting after revenge (I'm not saying he wasn't and that you're wrong, just that I don't really remember it).  I mostly seem to remember him despairing about the loss of his ability and having a kind of identity crisis.
1783	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	They have to tread carefully with how Roose handles the situation or Roose's betrayal of Robb is going to become far too obvious. Letting him kill his own men because effing Jaime Lannister asks so would be a dead giveaway. I remember thinking Roose was simply chickening out and just wanted to keep himself safe in the books, but wasn't necessarily going to bring about Robb's downfall himself.true, but the TV series usualy leaps over such subtle things for the sake of "good television". Jamie is also a fan favourite among the audience so i think a lot of people will be thrilled to see him get some kind of revenge, it would be a big bummer for lots of people if locke just got away.Even if Jamie is technically a one-handed prisoner, his role as a messanger is far to imporant to Roose to neglect his demands. And Boltons generally dont care that much about their servants, as ramsay showed us. If i were roose i would give jamie anything he wanted just to show good faith to Tywin. I re-read the roose-jamie chapter earlier today and i kinda get the feeling that jamie knows deep down that he has some kind of advantage since Bolton really wants to set sail to this pact. And Jamie does not fear death, especially now that he has lost his hand, he shouldnt be afraid to ask...
1784	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-16	yea locke is just a more boring and less interesting version of Vargo Hoat. I also agree that the hand chopping in this episode would seem almost unnecessary from a non-readers POV. However Locke isn't all bad really, he's just not as interesting (as I've stated) as Vargo Hoat.
1785	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	yea locke is just a more boring and less interesting version of Vargo Hoat. I also agree that the hand chopping in this episode would seem almost unnecessary from a non-readers POV. However Locke isn't all bad really, he's just not as interesting (as I've stated) as Vargo Hoat.It depends on his motivations but the Bloody Mummurs aren't deep characters. They're cartoon villains.If Locke really did just get THAT annoyed with Jaime's disrespect I think it's better.
1786	The Fourth Head	2013-04-16	Im curious as to how they are going to portray Bolton as a scarier man than Locke. Right now, Im not seeing it."Roose Bolton's silence was a hundred times more threatening than Vargo Hoat's slobbering malevolence"Get Jamie to take the piss, and watch Roose stare at him silently. Watch Jamie's grin evaporate. Simple /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1787	The Fourth Head	2013-04-16	I don't think Locke becoming Bolton's bannerman makes a difference. In the books, Bolton voices concern that Vargo could have been seen as acting under Bolton's authority. As for Jamie, he has the allegiance of house Bolton at stake. The RW cannot happen without a guarantee of impunity from Tywin. Overlooking the act to guarantee an end to the war? Tywin is a pragmatic man. Why punish a house that want to ally at a pivotal moment? someone with authority in the North has to rule the North, and who better than the second strongest house who wants to ally with you? The rest don't.Furthermore, cutting off Jamie's hand was not a political act of defiance from House Bolton- the house is considering allying with the Lannisters. True- Roose needs to be seen to punish Locke, and sending Tywin some flayed skin would certainly smooth things over, but the situation is nothing like the Reynes or Catelyn Tully who were directly opposed to him and continuing to defy him. Tywin wouldn't cut his nose off to spite his face.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 16 April 2013 - 08:57 AM.
1788	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-16	I don't think Locke becoming Bolton's bannerman makes a difference. In the books, Bolton voices concern that Vargo could have been seen as acting under Bolton's authority. As for Jamie, he has the allegiance of house Bolton at stake. The RW cannot happen without a guarantee of impunity from Tywin. Overlooking the act to guarantee an end to the war? Tywin is a pragmatic man. Why punish a house that want to ally at a pivotal moment? someone with authority in the North has to rule the North, and who better than the second strongest house who wants to ally with you? The rest don't.Furthermore, cutting off Jamie's hand was not a political act of defiance from House Bolton- the house is considering allying with the Lannisters. True- Roose needs to be seen to punish Locke, and sending Tywin some flayed skin would certainly smooth things over, but the situation is nothing like the Reynes or Catelyn Tully who were directly opposed to him and continuing to defy him. Tywin wouldn't cut his nose off to spite his face.I agree, Locke is screwed
1789	courtjezteruk	2013-04-16	Are my ears faulty?
He does have a lisp just not greatly pronounced.  I quite like him, i just dont know why they couldn't have kept the name Vargo Hoat.
1790	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	I like him. I loved how he led Jaime on until he chopped his hand off. Great acting by both of them in that scene.  I was re-watching last night and they hubby was asleep, but he made sure to wake up just to watch that scene again. He loved it.
1791	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	I don't think Locke becoming Bolton's bannerman makes a difference. In the books, Bolton voices concern that Vargo could have been seen as acting under Bolton's authority. As for Jamie, he has the allegiance of house Bolton at stake. The RW cannot happen without a guarantee of impunity from Tywin. Overlooking the act to guarantee an end to the war? Tywin is a pragmatic man. Why punish a house that want to ally at a pivotal moment? someone with authority in the North has to rule the North, and who better than the second strongest house who wants to ally with you? The rest don't.Furthermore, cutting off Jamie's hand was not a political act of defiance from House Bolton- the house is considering allying with the Lannisters. True- Roose needs to be seen to punish Locke, and sending Tywin some flayed skin would certainly smooth things over, but the situation is nothing like the Reynes or Catelyn Tully who were directly opposed to him and continuing to defy him. Tywin wouldn't cut his nose off to spite his face.Tywin should at least demand Lockes head. Again, Tywin has stated over and over how important it is to strike down and punish any form of slight against their House, to make sure their name is still feared and respected. Why should this go unpunished? All Roose has to do is to deprecate, swear that he had no part in it (wich is probably true) and send Tywin his head (or skin). The Roose from the books would never refrain from killing one little servant who has proved to be a loose cannon anyways to gain such favors with the mightiest house in westeros. Its up to Roose now to show that he wants to continue to plot in good faith, But If he doesnt i doubt Tywin would ever enter an alliance with a house who refuses to show him the minimal amount of respect for House Lannister.Again, Tywin has 2-4 times as many men (depending on if the tyrells would aid him) so its not like he will face certain defeat if he doesnt go along with Boltons plan.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 16 April 2013 - 10:12 AM.
1792	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	why do people think locke is so boring and vargo is so ''interesting?''
what's so ''interesting'' about vargo?
i just found him an abhorrent but hilarious caricature of a character. i enjoyed him. but im not at all mad with the replacing him.
1793	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	why do people think locke is so boring and vargo is so ''interesting?''what's so ''interesting'' about vargo?i just found him an abhorrent but hilarious caricature of a character. i enjoyed him. but im not at all mad with the replacing him.i agree, he was very cartoony (all of the mummers were) wich was kind of unique considering the serious and "realistic" tone of the books (disregard dragons, shadow babies and zombie armies) and when you read it, you automaticly picture his voice and character in a way that fits in with the tone of the books. when casting for TV it would just/sound look ridiculous and the "comic relief" type of character would clash very hard with the tone in the morbid scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 16 April 2013 - 10:19 AM.
1794	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	not to mention that GRRM pretty much invented a new unique lisp when he wrote the character, and translating it from letters to speech to get the right sound should be pretty hard, and it would be even harder for any actor to learn and "master" the lisp to make it sound authentic without being too comical.
1795	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I agree with both of your posts /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It would have been unnecessarily silly, Locke seems like an OK character to me.
1796	Weeping Sore	2013-04-16	Book readers are overestimating the non-book readers appetite for complexity.  How many times has Roose been referred to as "Lord Bolton"?  And Bolton's Bastard being sent to Winterfell? Jaime sees Locke's banners approaching and says "The Flayed Man of House Bolton"  And yet my non-book reading wife is still like "Bolton. Who's that?"
They're building up House Bolton as the next Big Bad in Westeros as Tywin will bite it in S4: Ice cold Roose, cruel, reckless Locke, and bat-shit pscho Ramsay.
And yet book readers are not giving the show-runners credit for establishing these characters while still withholding that they are going to betray Robb.
1797	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I like all the little Bolton hints. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
My friend said ''The Roose is Loose'' to me once and now that's all I can think when he enters a scene LOL.
1798	Nezzer	2013-04-16	Book readers are overestimating the non-book readers appetite for complexity.  How many times has Roose been referred to as "Lord Bolton"?  And Bolton's Bastard being sent to Winterfell? Jaime sees Locke's banners approaching and says "The Flayed Man of House Bolton"  And yet my non-book reading wife is still like "Bolton. Who's that?"They're building up House Bolton as the next Big Bad in Westeros as Tywin will bite it in S4: Ice cold Roose, cruel, reckless Locke, and bat-shit pscho Ramsay.And yet book readers are not giving the show-runners credit for establishing these characters while still withholding that they are going to betray Robb.The Boltons are the most discussed family in the Unsullied TWOP thread. They are pretty observant and they do not trust the Boltons. I bet that most non-readers haven't noticed them, but after Roose does his deed I am sure everyone will remember him.
1799	Morrigan	2013-04-16	@Morrigan: You probably heard this audition tape ... The password is ned, IIRC. I also thought it was straight from the books because of it. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Now I'm not so sure.That might have been it, yes! Thanks.
1800	Onion Seaworth	2013-04-16	I must say i preferred Locke over Hoat. In the books Hoat worked... I think that the lisp would make him a bit more...''jar jar binks'' so to speak... Most people that never read the books would simply relate him as the lisping guy.
So in a Tv series Locke is perfect.
I think Vargo is more of a book only character.
Ofcourse it is only my opinion.
1801	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-16	I prefer Locke; he's kinda like faithful Urswyck. I never cared for Hoat, and he just wouldn't work on television well.
1802	Currawong	2013-04-17	why do people think locke is so boring and vargo is so ''interesting?''what's so ''interesting'' about vargo?i just found him an abhorrent but hilarious caricature of a character. i enjoyed him. but im not at all mad with the replacing him.Agree with you and Maester Ruin.  Vargo Hoat always seemed something of a cartoonish caricature in the books, regardless of the fun reading about his lithp, and things like 'thaffireth'.   I don't think he would have translated well to the screen at all, and the showrunners made a wise decision to streamline the story, get rid of the BMs, and give us a far more menacing person with Locke, who is as cruel as Hoat, perhaps mad in his own way.   And he's just the sort of person who would really, malevolently enjoy seeing Brienne thrown into the bearpit once Jaime leaves Harrenhal, especially as he now knows she is a 'noble' lady.
1803	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	why do people think locke is so boring and vargo is so ''interesting?''what's so ''interesting'' about vargo?i just found him an abhorrent but hilarious caricature of a character. i enjoyed him. but im not at all mad with the replacing him.Agree totally. I always saw him as a pantomime villian - a farcical comic villain character rather than menacing. I'm not disappointed with the change. I do agree with those who have pointed out a potential plot issue with the relationship between the Boltons and Lannisters.----As for the 'My lord' line - I just took it to be an expression of deference to rank - a lower case 'lord' rather than 'Lord'.
1804	Maester Ruin	2013-04-17	Agree totally. I always saw him as a pantomime villian - a farcical comic villain character rather than menacing. I'm not disappointed with the change.Haha i had never thought about this before but if you take away his sadistic and violent side but keep the lisp and appearance, and just make him a mugger/bank robber or something else that fits the setting, Hoat would be a perfect stereotypical "comedic villain" in Lucky Luke, Asterix & Obelix or some other old-school childrens cartoon magazine from the time when violent, menacing villains was considered too scary for a childrens cartoon, so villains usualy got to be the comic relief characters instead who were generally completley incompetent, at best managing to set up at trap that backfires on themselves instantly so the hero wont have to do anything to stop/catch them. I remember that these "villains" always had their own trademark comedic trait, (like a really wierd beard, a strange body shape or a large gang of a  bunch of "criminals" who all have the same name and wear the same type of hat or mustache but have very different heights, voices and body types  WHO will always appear in a comedic introduction scene at a bar or something where they all introduce themselves with the same name)and i actually recall a few of those so called badguys with substantial speech impediments. wich is an effective tool to make them look comedic and stupid since the kids who read the magazines probably learned to talk properly fairly recently, so having a villain who is portrayed as an adult but still cant speak properly gives the young readers a sense of superiority over them and make them less menacing.plus it is fun and "educating" for the children to read what the speech impaired villain is saying and try to deduce/translate the words, wich ultimately translates to a moronic sentance that makes little sense and with extremley obvious grammar mistakes and a slightly incorrect word order that the kids will notice and get tons of extra laughs at the Villains stupidity.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 17 April 2013 - 04:28 AM.
1805	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-17	I would have preferred Vargo and his brave companions
1806	kephv	2013-04-17	Locke doesnt seem to have much personality and animation that Vargo had in the books.This. He's acceptable but otherwise? Not much to him.
1807	Cadiva	2013-04-17	Locke is important to establish the Boltons as players in the story, you have Locke with Jaime, Roose with Robb, and "Boy" with Theon.TV viewers wouldn't undertand the whole Vargo Hoat thing, he was a minor and unimportant disposable book character with a complex loyalty switch, so this works better with what they are trying to do, establish House Bolton for later and more terrible things to come.TV Viewers are thinking the "northmen" are taking some payback on a Lannister, just like "boy" and theon, they are not sure about these guys and are guessing, its misdirection to create a suprise when the horrible truth about the Boltons comes out, lol.I agree and think he's a more than adequate replacement for Vargo Hoat.I don't think Locke becoming Bolton's bannerman makes a difference. In the books, Bolton voices concern that Vargo could have been seen as acting under Bolton's authority. As for Jamie, he has the allegiance of house Bolton at stake. The RW cannot happen without a guarantee of impunity from Tywin. Overlooking the act to guarantee an end to the war? Tywin is a pragmatic man. Why punish a house that want to ally at a pivotal moment? someone with authority in the North has to rule the North, and who better than the second strongest house who wants to ally with you? The rest don't.Furthermore, cutting off Jamie's hand was not a political act of defiance from House Bolton- the house is considering allying with the Lannisters. True- Roose needs to be seen to punish Locke, and sending Tywin some flayed skin would certainly smooth things over, but the situation is nothing like the Reynes or Catelyn Tully who were directly opposed to him and continuing to defy him. Tywin wouldn't cut his nose off to spite his face.Quite.Tywin should at least demand Lockes head. Again, Tywin has stated over and over how important it is to strike down and punish any form of slight against their House, to make sure their name is still feared and respected. Why should this go unpunished?Why are you assuming Tywin isn't going to do anything?
					
					
							Edited by Cadiva, 17 April 2013 - 10:26 AM.
1808	cybobbie	2013-04-17	why do people think locke is so boring and vargo is so ''interesting?''what's so ''interesting'' about vargo?i just found him an abhorrent but hilarious caricature of a character. i enjoyed him. but im not at all mad with the replacing him.I liked Vargo and his group while reading the books, but second that it was a good move to replace him in the show. I mean my non book reader friends are already having some problems now and them to identify some characters, and also I totally agree with the quote bellow.Locke is important to establish the Boltons as players in the story, you have Locke with Jaime, Roose with Robb, and "Boy" with Theon.TV viewers wouldn't undertand the whole Vargo Hoat thing, he was a minor and unimportant disposable book character with a complex loyalty switch, so this works better with what they are trying to do, establish House Bolton for later and more terrible things to come.TV Viewers are thinking the "northmen" are taking some payback on a Lannister, just like "boy" and theon, they are not sure about these guys and are guessing, its misdirection to create a suprise when the horrible truth about the Boltons comes out, lol.Well put. I got some feedback from my non book reader friends about Locke and the fact that he cut Jaime's hand and consequences of his actions and most of them believe that he was being loyal to the Boltons and Robb and it was a punishment that Robb will find fit. So, so far, none of them have a clue about what will come.
1809	The Fourth Head	2013-04-17	Tywin should at least demand Lockes head. Again, Tywin has stated over and over how important it is to strike down and punish any form of slight against their House, to make sure their name is still feared and respected. Why should this go unpunished? All Roose has to do is to deprecate, swear that he had no part in it (wich is probably true) and send Tywin his head (or skin).Tywin states in ASOS that if you punish those who bend the knee, no-one else will bend the knee in future. He is willing to forgive the Riverlands for openly rebelling and committing treason, because it suits him. I hardly think he is going to restart a war he took so much effort to end just so he can punish a family who have already bent the knee for the actions of one individual renegade acting out.Another issue is timing. It takes a while for Jamie to get back to KL-= by which time, the Boltons have bolted. Another issue is the Bear- Jamie has to save Brienne from someone- and Roose is a man of discretion. It would give the game away to have Roose playing with Brienne, so realistically, Locke has to stay in Harrenhal and Roose has to go.I think best way to play it, is for Locke to be the one tormenting Brienne with the bear, Tywin to find out what Locke did when Jamie gets back to KL, which is after the RW and after we know that the Roose is loose, Tywin gets angry, and Roose to send him Locke's flayed body in compensation. It would fit in nicely with the whole "Boltons killing their own men" thing. Alternatively, they could stick to the books, allow Clegane to recapture Harrenhal and dismember Locke, and so when Tywin finds out it was Locke who chopped Jamies hand off, he goes "oh well, the man is missing his hands and feet so I guess that squares it"
1810	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-17	I agree and think he's a more than adequate replacement for Vargo Hoat.Quite.Why are you assuming Tywin isn't going to do anything?Hopefully Locke will run into a "Mountain" as per his book alter ego
1811	Unhit	2013-04-17	I think that part of how this scene was done was also for the purpose to give show-only viewers the impression of a loyal House Bolton. Even among its followers, they would rather silence a valuable, yet annoying captive, instead of releasing him for the hope of gold (I agree with DragonsHungry).
I think this fits quite nicely with that we've seen Karstak mutter over the "distraction", while Bolton was trusted with Harrenhal. And also, I only just noticed this now after going through the scenes in my mind again: did you guys also notice how the outfits Theon's captors/torturers had were Iron Islander outfits? For viewers, they might really get the impression that Theon's own men dragged him off, after all, and that Roose's bastard, as told in the show, truely only found a burnt down Winterfell. I mean, we know that the captors are Bolton men, but the fact that they are disguised as Iron Islanders is intriguing and quite a nice idea on the show writers, imo.
Anyway, yes, I think this is one of a series of aspects to not yet show how much cruelties House Bolton is responsible for - until the big revelation later this season.
					
					
							Edited by Unhit, 17 April 2013 - 05:07 PM.
1812	Grand Maester Mithrandir	2013-04-18	I wonder what they're gonna state as Locke's motive for giving Jaimie the chop. I mean he is a Bolton man through and through after all, where Hoat was just a sellsword.
1813	Conchobar	2013-04-18	I would have preferred Vargo and his brave companionsWell it would have confused non- book readers. And they're already confused enough as it is.
1814	Maxthestig	2013-04-18	I can't really not see the guy from Tomb Raider. So it spoils the whole thing for me haha
1815	Kaitscralt	2013-04-18	I like Locke a lot, I just wish they would occasionally give these new characters some dialogue about the king they serve. Even just one line. I think the writers are taking it for granted that the non-readers find Roose and his House memorable enough to spin all these different sub-plots off of it without better explaining who a lowlife like Locke is in the scheme of the war.
Sick of confused non-readers.
1816	Cas Stark	2013-04-18	I like Locke a lot, I just wish they would occasionally give these new characters some dialogue about the king they serve. Even just one line. I think the writers are taking it for granted that the non-readers find Roose and his House memorable enough to spin all these different sub-plots off of it without better explaining who a lowlife like Locke is in the scheme of the war.Sick of confused non-readers.I agree, they should have given Roose a little more substantial dialogue and filled in the back story of Stark/Bolton history to beef up his character before this season, rather than just have him glare at Talisa and throw in a few one liners to Robb.
1817	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	I think Roose should have had a bit more screen-time aswell. He pops up a few times, but most non-readers I've spoken to don't have a clue who he is/have completely forgotten about that random guy that walked into Robb's tent a few times.
1818	DragonsHungry	2013-04-18	Hopefully Locke will run into a "Mountain" as per his book alter egoActually I hope Locke is not killed and sticks around for awhile, sometimes people simply get away with doing bad stuff in GRRM's world. Having a minion Bolton Bannerman as Roose's goon as an antongist, especially one who got away with something badass as cutting off the Kingslayer's hand, he imakes a good foil for characters whose stories are up north, Jon Snow, Stannis, Davos, Asha, Theon, etc.Maybe Tywin does wants Roose to do something, but like many times in the story, it never happens simply because other events trump it, like the fact he dies on the crapper, Jaime has other things to worry about in the Riverlands, etc.The Starks haven't gotten any "revenge" agains the Lannisters yet, so why should there be any gratification for Jaime Lannister at all?There is no need to worry about "comeuppance", doo doo happens in Westeros and it doesn't often happen.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 18 April 2013 - 11:18 AM.
1819	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-18	Actually I hope Locke is not killed and sticks around for awhile, sometimes people simply get away with doing bad stuff in GRRM's world. Having a minion Bolton Bannerman as Roose's goon as an antongist, especially one who got away with something badass as cutting off the Kingslayer's hand, he imakes a good foil for characters whose stories are up north, Jon Snow, Stannis, Davos, Asha, Theon, etc.Maybe Tywin does wants Roose to do something, but like many times in the story, it never happens simply because other events trump it, like the fact he dies on the crapper, Jaime has other things to worry about in the Riverlands, etc.The Starks haven't gotten any "revenge" agains the Lannisters yet, so why should there be any gratification for Jaime Lannister at all?There is no need to worry about "comeuppance", doo doo happens in Westeros and it doesn't often happen.True but you cant chop off Tywins favourite childs hand and live to a ripe old age /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1820	locke and key	2013-04-18	I liked him a lot, until the end of ep 3, as up until then he's been set up as an intelligent character and then just chopping off jaime's hand (which isn't particularly clever, as it will incur the wrath of tywin and roose) completely contrasts with this. while with vargo it was clever becuase he needed to drive tywin and roose apart, being a bolton loyalist locke has no need for this as far as we know.
(I may have to change my name because of this /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> )
1821	cuendillar	2013-04-19	I liked him a lot, until the end of ep 3, as up until then he's been set up as an intelligent character and then just chopping off jaime's hand (which isn't particularly clever, as it will incur the wrath of tywin and roose) completely contrasts with this. while with vargo it was clever becuase he needed to drive tywin and roose apart, being a bolton loyalist locke has no need for this as far as we know.(I may have to change my name because of this /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> )Depends on how "in" he is on Roose's plans. If he simply plans to get the reward for turning Jaime over to the northerners it costs him nothing. They're obviously just going to execute him anyway, so I doubt they care one bit how many hands he has. It also shuts him up and gets rid of the arrogance that could make him annoying company until then.He basically has no reason to believe that Roose will care one bit about it, and Tywin's probably going to be more pissed about the head than about the hand.
1822	Brienne Of Bombay	2013-04-19	Locke seems as dangerous and unpredictable as Vargo Hoat, which I like. But I'm definitely going to miss the Bloody Mummers.
1823	ladyinblack	2013-04-19	Locke is the man. 10x better then Vargo. He is 100% loyal to the king in the north. And Jaime was trying to be sly and thought Locke was dumb and Locke knew it. He also loathed Jaime crying about "my father" so I gotta say Locke is one of my new favorites. He's definitely going to bite it though, you won't escape the wrath of cutting off Jaimes hand a la Vargo. ( though the person who actually cut off Jaimes hand in the books is still alive though )he was killed by Nymeria when he & 2 other were sent out after Arya when she escaped Harrenhal
1824	BenPlumm	2013-04-19	he was killed by Nymeria when he & 2 other were sent out after Arya when she escaped HarrenhalYou're thinking of Iggo who was slain by Nymeria in the Riverlands, Zollo who cut off Jaime's hand is still alive
1825	therustman	2013-04-19	The show has already established that Tywin will overlook slights against his House for short term benefits - re the Tyrells, even explaining why this is necessary. Tywin doing a deal with Roose to end the war without the death of thousands of Lannister soldiers is not 'character assassination'.
1826	Direwolfsigil	2013-04-19	I think Roose should have had a bit more screen-time aswell. He pops up a few times, but most non-readers I've spoken to don't have a clue who he is/have completely forgotten about that random guy that walked into Robb's tent a few times.Even with constant reminders of who he is, none of my friends can remember Roose Bolton, I don't want to overemphasize him obviously, but it seems like hes not memorable for many.By replacing Roose with tywin in Harrenhall, show watchers get to know Tywin better, Arya too, but they miss out on Roose bigtime in the process.but yeah like you said, to most viewers, hes just the guy in Robb's tent who is CONSTANTLY getting interrupted by Thalisa, Im wondering if robb is going to bring her with him to the twins in the show, because Roose might wanna have a talk with her.
					
					
							Edited by Direwolfsigil, 19 April 2013 - 11:14 AM.
1827	Frumpus	2013-04-19	I think Roose should have had a bit more screen-time aswell. He pops up a few times, but most non-readers I've spoken to don't have a clue who he is/have completely forgotten about that random guy that walked into Robb's tent a few times.Roose is one of those details that non-book readers will pick up on if they rewatch the show. But definitely from a first time glance, Roose is likely to be forgotten.
1828	Nezzer	2013-04-19	Roose is one of those details that non-book readers will pick up on if they rewatch the show. But definitely from a first time glance, Roose is likely to be forgotten.This. Before he killed Robb, I had never payed much attention to Roose. To me he was just another Northern lord with some weird customs. I even used to mistake him for Robett Glover, forgetting who was who sometimes. I never saw his betrayal coming.
1829	Red Knight	2013-04-25	This. Before he killed Robb, I had never payed much attention to Roose. To me he was just another Northern lord with some weird customs. I even used to mistake him for Robett Glover, forgetting who was who sometimes. I never saw his betrayal coming.i didn't even figure it right away that he killed robb, at first i thought it was some random frey...
1830	WilliamBailey	2013-05-01	Why. WHY is this guy included at the expense of Vargo Hoat - you know, who is actually IN the books. I dunno maybe I am over-reacting but it just seems to me they make so many pointless alterations.
1831	juanml82	2013-05-01	Yes, you are overreacting. The books are bloated with information. So much, that you can't really keep up with all the bannermen in the first reading.
So, since the showrunners don't have any duty to write exactly what it says in the books, they streamlined Vargo Hoat into a different character who needs less explanations and allows the viewers to understand the show without having to watch it 2-3 times at least.
1832	Direwolfsigil	2013-05-01	Why. WHY is this guy included at the expense of Vargo Hoat - you know, who is actually IN the books. I dunno maybe I am over-reacting but it just seems to me they make so many pointless alterations.Because the Bloody mummers AND the BWOB is too confusing for people to follow, theres enough characters to confuse already and lots more to come.
1833	Pinkie Baelish	2013-05-02	Cogman said in his interview that Martin asked them to change his name from Vargo to something Westerosi, since his character was altered to be a Bolton bannerman. I think the same thing happened with Talisa.
1834	Castellan	2013-05-10	I thought Noah Taylor did him well. Creating the whole crazy world of Vargos mixed band of bloody mummers complete with Shagwell and Vargo's zorse just would have taken too much time and expense although I think its a great loss. You'd have to have a whole episode about it.
I think if you watched the show only, you'd just think that in war spite comes out and Locke is just a typical nasty soldier as have been found in many a war. The absolute distinction between Noble and others that would stop him doing that isn't obvious in the show.
1835	morgan1028	2013-05-11	I like him.  I've never seen the actor in anything before and he was spot on IMO.  Frankly, Vargo was laughable, and even w/ his limb chopping I would smile reading about him.  He did have some great lines, very true.  But you know who has really captured it for me:  I especially love "Boy".  His looks are fantastic, while he was mocking Theon:  Your daddy didn't love you, the Starks didn't appreciate you....  the tone of voice, everything was great.
1836	thewalkindude19	2013-05-23	I think he's brilliant, one of my favourite new characters.
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING TO MY BEAR!!??"
1837	scurvy	2013-04-15	They were cast last year.  Are they expected to return?  While they would not make sense being included in Locke's men (they joined the Lannisters and the Mountain's garrison at Harrenhal presumably), they are integral to Brienne's arc.  While they couldn't have been the rapists last night, they probably won't have a chance to meet Brienne later in the season either, unless Locke's men and the Mountain's are merged before Jaime returns.
Any ideas of if they've been written out or will return?
1838	Kienn	2013-04-15	I wouldn't call them integral to Brienne's arc, any random set of ruffians will do for their encounter with Brienne.
1839	thewalkindude19	2013-04-21	People have said that Brienne's travels can't be stretched out over 2 seasons. Therefore, she could spend some time in KL during season 4 and meet Rorge and Biter ther (as part of the Lannister army).
Then, later, she can encounter them again, as in AFFC.
1840	boojam	2013-04-21	People have said that Brienne's travels can't be stretched out over 2 seasons. Therefore, she could spend some time in KL during season 4 and meet Rorge and Biter ther (as part of the Lannister army).Then, later, she can encounter them again, as in AFFC.I am really puzzled as to what they are going do with Brienne's story in season 4, until the 'bite' and her meeting with Un-cat, its a travelogue with some fighting , it is the kind of thing I enjoy reading but kind of zero sum for a teleplay.
1841	Broken Fox	2013-04-21	I think it's safe to say that Rorge and Biter are gone for good.
1842	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-21	I think it would be cool if they replaced the Tickler and his squire, and if they died fighting the Hound alongside Polliver. Watching the Hound/Arya slaughter three of the evilest characters on the show would rack up the tension  and be a cool twist.
1843	Montey14	2013-04-21	You could probably do Briennes travels in a 2 scenes on television....she has a couple of good fight scenes and the rest is just inquiring about Sansa...maybe the scense where she meets lord Tarley would be cool...plus we'd get a chance to meet him as well...and of course her lasat scene where she meets zombie Cat.....
1844	Montey14	2013-04-21	I'd like to see the Biter scense with Gendry as well....I don't think Mellisandre will burn him on the show
1845	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-21	I am really puzzled as to what they are going do with Brienne's story in season 4, until the 'bite' and her meeting with Un-cat, its a travelogue with some fighting , it is the kind of thing I enjoy reading but kind of zero sum for a teleplay.if we get PW this season then most likely GRRM wrote the trial/tyrions escape for Season 4 episode 2. so most likely we will have brienne & pod looking for sansa/tyrion in season 4
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 21 April 2013 - 04:33 PM.
1846	boojam	2013-04-21	I think it would be cool if they replaced the Tickler and his squire, and if they died fighting the Hound alongside Polliver. Watching the Hound/Arya slaughter three of the evilest characters on the show would rack up the tension  and be a cool twist.The Tickler is dead, Jaqen killed him.
1847	Gendels Children	2013-05-11	I think it's safe to say that Rorge and Biter are gone for good. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1848	Patchface12	2013-05-14	I really enjoy Noah Taylor as Locke. I wouldn't mind if he filled Rorge's role in AFFC as Mad Dog of the Saltpans.
1849	BenPlumm	2013-05-16	I think it's safe to say that Rorge and Biter are gone for good.Well... that sucks. I always liked those characters.
1850	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	"Always the artists".
It looks like the Zerg symbol.
If Westerosis are Terran, who is Protoss?
1851	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	The Children are Protoss, of course.
And the weirwood are their pylons. Note that after the First Men and the Andals started cutting them, they had to move north because they couldn't survive or maintain their force fields anymore.
So sad you specified no spoilers....I could have given you a Dark Templar example from aDwD.
And you also forgot to mention that the Wights are infected Terrans.
1852	bluemoon	2013-04-16	When they zoomed out from the middle i thought it was going to be a follow the yellow brick road/follow the horses head kind of thing,would have been great if they had arranged the heads to spell lol and make it so big you can see it from the top of the wall.
1853	Arkash	2013-04-16	These are weird, really ! I dont remember if it was the same in the books ? No, IIRC it was just a bloody massacre, there were no shapes of bodies aint it ?
1854	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	I don't believe so.
The people from Essos are the UED, btw.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 05:13 AM.
1855	Unhit	2013-04-17	Best thread! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
If the Westerosi are Terran, are the Dragons BCs?
Also, followers of Rhllor = Protoss - they want to purge the Zerg with fire!
					
					
							Edited by Unhit, 17 April 2013 - 02:51 PM.
1856	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-17	These are weird, really ! I dont remember if it was the same in the books ? No, IIRC it was just a bloody massacre, there were no shapes of bodies aint it ?I sure hope that's now how it was described in the books. That scene made no friggin sense to me. Why would what is essentially a horde of mindless zombies leave a pattern like that behind? As a warning, a deterrent? Surely the massacre itself would be warning enough, why bother arranging the heads in a neat pattern?
1857	Roose Seal	2013-04-17	I sure hope that's now how it was described in the books. That scene made no friggin sense to me. Why would what is essentially a horde of mindless zombies leave a pattern like that behind? As a warning, a deterrent? Surely the massacre itself would be warning enough, why bother arranging the heads in a neat pattern?The White Walkers (The Others) are not mindless zombies. The wights (reanimated corpses) are mindless zombies seemingly controlled by the White Walkers.
1858	Nezzer	2013-04-17	I sure hope that's now how it was described in the books. That scene made no friggin sense to me. Why would what is essentially a horde of mindless zombies leave a pattern like that behind? As a warning, a deterrent? Surely the massacre itself would be warning enough, why bother arranging the heads in a neat pattern?Maybe because the Others are not a horde of mindless zombies.EDIT: The thread is dark and full of ninjas.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 17 April 2013 - 03:20 PM.
1859	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-17	The White Walkers (The Others) are not mindless zombies. The wights (reanimated corpses) are mindless zombies seemingly controlled by the White Walkers.Fine, then they are more like Death Knights or Gaunt Men from other fantasy works, ie a more ancient and intelligent form of undead.Still the question remains, why bother with patterns?
1860	Roose Seal	2013-04-17	Fine, then they are more like Death Knights or Gaunt Men from other fantasy works, ie a more ancient and intelligent form of undead.Still the question remains, why bother with patterns?At this point we don't know. It could just be ritualistic. Why do humans bother with tombstones and cemeteries?
1861	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-17	Fine, then they are more like Death Knights or Gaunt Men from other fantasy works, ie a more ancient and intelligent form of undead.Still the question remains, why bother with patterns?I love those images.  Same as the pattern of the dead wildling camp in the very first scene of the Season 1, Episode 1.  Intimidation and/or marking their territory.Whatever it is, it is frightening as hell and a great touch.No, it's not in the books, but I love it.
1862	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-21	The point of not being able to understand them is making them more scary - for all we know they may be doing it on purpose simply as a scare tactic.
1863	DrRobotnik	2013-04-21	The Children are Protoss, of course.And the weirwood are their pylons. Note that after the First Men and the Andals started cutting them, they had to move north because they couldn't survive or maintain their force fields anymore.Hahahahaha! Weirwoods are their pylons! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />That is why the Others can't get into Bran's cave in DwD. Three-eyed crow has great force field micro.
					
					
							Edited by DrRobotnik, 21 April 2013 - 12:44 PM.
1864	Gendels Children	2013-05-11	The point of not being able to understand them is making them more scary - for all we know they may be doing it on purpose simply as a scare tactic.I agree, I think I might be interesting to see if we find out why they are doing this, if its something they simply made up for funnsies or if there will be some method to this madness. maybe its simply to show they are not  mindless killers and they are capable of mind fucking people just to inflict fear
1865	Castle Black	2013-04-15	Is anyone else worried about how the show is portraying Tormund Giantsbane? For some reason, Mance is sending him over the wall with Jon and company to invade Castle Black. In the novels, Tormund stays with Mance behind the wall. It seems as if they are replacing Tormund with Styr the Magnar, who dies storming Castle Black from the South after scaling the wall. Obviously, Tormund still has a big role to play as he is alive at the end of ADWD. SO I'm thinking that instead to Tormund will simply get captured by the Night's Watch and eventually becoming friendly with them after spending time at Castle Black. If he dies at Castle Black that is not a good sign for him in TWOW and ADOS. Thoughts?
1866	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	Is anyone else worried about how the show is portraying Tormund Giantsbane? For some reason, Mance is sending him over the wall with Jon and company to invade Castle Black. In the novels, Tormund stays with Mance behind the wall. It seems as if they are replacing Tormund with Styr the Magnar, who dies storming Castle Black from the South after scaling the wall. Obviously, Tormund still has a big role to play as he is alive at the end of ADWD. SO I'm thinking that instead to Tormund will simply get captured by the Night's Watch and eventually becoming friendly with them after spending time at Castle Black. If he dies at Castle Black that is not a good sign for him in TWOW and ADOS. Thoughts?I think they are making him blend with Styr. After the Battle, he is probably taken captive and will be freed once Jon becomes Lord Commander and pick up his role as in the books as a main captain of the Wildlings at Castle Black.Tormund is much less "fun" in the show, but we also haven't seen all that much of him. He seems to have a darker personality (like all the Wildlings) but I have hope that he'll get some more exposition and we'll get a few good "HAR!" 's in
1867	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	They can still save Tormund.
Picture it. Tormund: Sternest dude you've ever seen, climbs the wall. He turns to his Wildling folk, with a close up on his stern face: Revealing his sterness.
Then he drops his drawers and the Wildlings climb his Member to safety.
1868	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	I watched a video where the actors describe Jon and Tormund sort of developing a friendship, so I think they will make him gradually more likable, but perhaps less funny/ridiculous than GRRM wrote him. He needs to mention his member at least once!
1869	Castle Black	2013-04-15	Yeah I definitely think most of the wildings who scale the wall and invade castle black will perish, but Tormund will survive and get captured. Once Jon gets elected LC he will free him and they will in turn develop a friendship. Definitely not happy with no Val as of yet.
					
					
							Edited by Castle Black, 15 April 2013 - 05:21 PM.
1870	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I think we definitely need to hear some ''HAR's'' from him.
1871	Dove	2013-04-15	There's a conspicuous lack of members and HARs but there's soo much time to build him up as a funny badass, it makes sense that he would only open up to the weird new crow over time and not immediately.
As a replacement for the Magnar he hopefully won't die, but I don't think he will. They can write around that easily enough,
1872	Iotun	2013-04-15	I'm more concerned that we don't seem to have heard a single 'You know nothing, Jon Snow' out of Ygritte yet!
1873	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	I'm more concerned that we don't seem to have heard a single 'You know nothing, Jon Snow' out of Ygritte yet!We heard a few last season. I'm sure we'll get more /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />When you think about Jon has had almost no screen time so far.
1874	Jaime the Queenslayer	2013-04-15	I watched a video where the actors describe Jon and Tormund sort of developing a friendship, so I think they will make him gradually more likable, but perhaps less funny/ridiculous than GRRM wrote him. He needs to mention his member at least once!Saw that too, said they are going to develop a friendship and he is going to protect Jon from Orell
1875	Scott Blackfyre	2013-04-15	They do have to liven up Tormund.  Just hoping the actor has it in him.
1876	Young Nan	2013-04-15	They can still save Tormund.Picture it. Tormund: Sternest dude you've ever seen, climbs the wall. He turns to his Wildling folk, with a close up on his stern face: Revealing his sterness.Then he drops his drawers and the Wildlings climb his Member to safety.Lol.
1877	Young Nan	2013-04-15	I'm worried about Tormund too.   Now that he isn't going to be with Mance, he won't have anyone else to play "who can stare at Jon more intensely" with.  It's just not as much fun doing all the intense stares by yourself.  Poor Tormund.
1878	tito5601	2013-04-15	i rlly like him so farr and plus weve only seen for a combined 4-5 min on the show i would say soo theres much more to come from him
1879	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	I am worried that purists have no fuckin clue what the word ADAPTATION means.
At this point the wildlings are the enemy as far as a normal TV audience is concerned, therefore they will be portrayed as such. Give it time. I'm sure there are more important things in life to worry about then how a fictional character is being portrayed in a television show.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 07:30 PM.
1880	Warden of the North121	2013-04-15	I watched a video where the actors describe Jon and Tormund sort of developing a friendship, so I think they will make him gradually more likable, but perhaps less funny/ridiculous than GRRM wrote him. He needs to mention his member at least once!I saw this video too. I agree that they'll make him more likeable once Jon gains his trust.
1881	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	At this point the wildlings are the enemy as far as a normal TV audience is concerned, therefore they will be portrayed as such. Give it time. I'm sure there are more important things in life to worry about then how a fictional character is being portrayed in a television show.The problem is that Jon's time with them is so we can learn that they are not the enemy. The audience is supposed to start thinking that Jon really is going to side with the Wildlings and having sex with Ygritte seals the deal - then there is the big reveal that he is going to go back to the NW.None of the non readers I know are buying it. They have it all mapped out. Jon has sex with Ygritte then betrays them. Yawn. The people following the North story closer are "What on Earth is going on? Why have the Wildlings accepted him so easily when its obvious he is going to betray them". They have lost interest in the arc and are having more fun watching KL brothel scenes with insignificant characters being built up.
1882	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I am worried that purists have no fuckin clue what the word ADAPTATION means.At this point the wildlings are the enemy as far as a normal TV audience is concerned, therefore they will be portrayed as such. Give it time. I'm sure there are more important things in life to worry about then how a fictional character is being portrayed in a television show.Perfect example of a worthless post.
1883	Spotted Cat	2013-04-16	i never pictured tomund climbing the wall!
i actually liked the guy very much. 
and the guy is too tall. i pictured him shorter and much more muscular
1884	HouseLark	2013-04-16	Seriously, where are all the references to his cock? He's a loudmouth braggart and so far he's just looked like another imposing beard-wearer, which Game of Thrones is not short of.
More nob jokes required.
1885	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	So far I'm very unimpressed by him. Just a generic dumb barbarian.
1886	SerMudz	2013-04-19	Tormund's never going to say HAR! Just as Jaime's never going to say wench.
1887	Dove	2013-04-19	why you gotta crush us our hopes and dreams like that bro
1888	BenPlumm	2013-04-19	I actually like his portrayal as Tormund, I think you guys should give him more of a chance. At least judge his portrayal until the season is over.
					
					
							Edited by BenPlumm, 20 April 2013 - 07:13 AM.
1889	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-19	So far I've really liked him. Christ guys, we've only seen a few minutes with him. I'm sure we'll get our HAR'S and member jokes /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1890	Dove	2013-04-19	nope, nope, the sky is falling *plugs ears*He pretty much looks exactly how I pictured the character. Stout, tangled beard, crazy-eyes. don't you die on us tormund giansbabe!!
1891	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-19	I don't get why people are worried about him and/or think he's been poorly done. He's only been in two scenes this season where he says anything significant, and even in those scenes, he only has a few lines. Theres 7 more episodes for dick jokes and the like. 
And in the first episode he makes a fart joke! 
"From now on youll all have to kneel down everytime i fart!" (Paraphrased)
..Am I the only one who thought that was classic Tormund? Yes they've only shown his tough barbarian side, but he hasn't been mischaracterized yet, because he IS a tough, brutish, barbarian.
1892	qixoticneurotic	2013-04-21	i think theyre reutilising him as an expositionary character. wheras in the books hes gives you alot of stuff for the book that isnt really relevant to the story i think in the show hell relay stuff thats in the books but they couldnt really fit in the show. "aye mance he plays the harp he does and if ya believe that me members a foot long har"
1893	siknes	2013-05-03	They can still save Tormund.Picture it. Tormund: Sternest dude you've ever seen, climbs the wall. He turns to his Wildling folk, with a close up on his stern face: Revealing his sterness.Then he drops his drawers and the Wildlings climb his Member to safety.Don't forget half his member was bitten off by his She-bear wife--reading it made me cry, it was so funny.
1894	siknes	2013-05-03	I don't get why people are worried about him and/or think he's been poorly done. He's only been in two scenes this season where he says anything significant, and even in those scenes, he only has a few lines. Theres 7 more episodes for dick jokes and the like.And in the first episode he makes a fart joke!"From now on youll all have to kneel down everytime i fart!" (Paraphrased)..Am I the only one who thought that was classic Tormund? Yes they've only shown his tough barbarian side, but he hasn't been mischaracterized yet, because he IS a tough, brutish, barbarian.It is more of the future story line won't line up, sense everyone dies from the party, and Tormund is somehow going to end up on the other side of the wall.
1895	siknes	2013-05-03	Yeah I definitely think most of the wildings who scale the wall and invade castle black will perish, but Tormund will survive and get captured. Once Jon gets elected LC he will free him and they will in turn develop a friendship. Definitely not happy with no Val as of yet.Val and Dalla will probably be introduced in the tent scene with Jon right before Stannis attacks, put her off till the next season along with six-skins. Production costs matter, Deadwood was canceled because of out of control production costs, but it was also because of not being organized.
1896	lunadangelo	2013-05-04	I have to admit, thus far I am disappointed. I absolutely love his character in the books. He made me crack up so many times. And let's face it, the show could do with some light relieve.
1897	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	Highlight of the episode IMO. 
Surely non-book readers are starting to suspect this killing machine now. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1898	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-15	I absolutely loved it. I don't know, maybe I was caught off guard but I never thought 
	Spoiler the bastard would be kind of cute
1899	RhymesWithChic	2013-04-15	Highlight of the episode IMO.Surely non-book readers are starting to suspect this killing machine now. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />You'd be surprised. My sister for one was going on about "that cute guy who saves Theon." Meanwhile I'm sitting there like "oh God, this is so messed up...just you wait..."I gotta say I sort of object to there being any sort of cuteness to Ramsay whatsoever. Dude's not meant to be your suave, charming Hannibal-variety psychopath. He's a horrid, sickening beast. Boo to Cute Ramsay. Still liking his scenes, though.
1900	Set_Gecko	2013-04-15	It kinda put me off to see him kill his own men. That seems like a waste. And have you seen next episode promo? it seems he's taking him to Moat Cailin, no? Or Deepwood Motte (which would be strange, since it is on the other side of westeros)? and all without revealing himself? Interesting to see how they going to resolve this
1901	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-15	I actually think it may work better if he doesn't look like a beast. Even scarier for show purposes. He can't be too old since Lord Bolton isn't. Besides he hasn't really talked much, he may act differently later. That and
	Spoiler  they may be including the marriage to fake Arya later. Maybe they thought it'd be just too hardcore, even for HBO, having those scenes with a young girl and a dude that looks like an animal?

					
					
							Edited by Stannis' shadow babies, 15 April 2013 - 11:49 AM.
1902	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	I absolutely loved it. I don't know, maybe I was caught off guard but I never thought 
	Spoiler the bastard would be kind of cute
Hmmmm, so he is indulging himself in senseless killing, but he looks cute while doing it?I must admit, I never saw it the first time I watched the scene. Anyway, Theon was way cuter when he killed those children he passed as Bran and Rickon.
1903	jons nissa	2013-04-15	Highlight of the episode IMO.i loved it! and calling him bastard, too. brilliant.
1904	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-15	I don't think he looks cute while doing it. I meant it as he doesn't look like a monster, which is the way I imagined him.
1905	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	It kinda put me off to see him kill his own men. That seems like a waste. And have you seen next episode promo? it seems he's taking him to Moat Cailin, no? Or Deepwood Motte (which would be strange, since it is on the other side of westeros)? and all without revealing himself? Interesting to see how they going to resolve thisEh, I thought it seemed pretty par for the course for Ramsay. He had no compunction about killing innocent people under his rule (see the farmer whose head he threw at Theon in Dance), so treating a few of his goons as fodder for his "game" doesn't seem too far-fetched.
1906	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	It takes a real psychopath to kill his own loyal men for some sick game he's playing. I guess that's the point.
1907	Brother Without Banners	2013-04-15	I've liked the changes to the Theon story so far. I thought killing his own men was a perfect touch. Yes, he's handsomer than I thought he should be, but it does sort of add to the creepiness if he's not a repulsive torturer on outside, but a psychopath on the inside. 
I'm curious to see where they're going next week though. It sounds like Deepwood, since they mention "Yara" being there. It's too soon for Moat Cailin IMO, but it did look like the sort of ragged "fortress" Moat Cailin is supposed to be.
1908	Chuck88	2013-04-15	I didn't notice it at first, but when he slowly walks into focus just before killing the last of his men, the music sounds like something lifted straight out a horror movie.
Not to mention the way the camera zooms out and we see Theon hobble after him, looking very much like his Reek already.
Even the look in his eyes when he takes off Theon's constraints in the earlier scene.
This is one twisted dude and I think it's going to blow minds of readers and non-readers alike when we see the full extent of his evil.
1909	margotsunshine	2013-04-15	I agree so much that the Ramsey/Theon storyline is brilliant so far. Especially considering that Theon doesn't really appear in the third and fourth books. I think Ramsey killing his men is also a great way of building up his character, especially for the big reveal. Ramsey is ruthless and an awful human being so it's really no surprise that he's a monster (even though non-book readers think he's this great savior for Theon) This'll build up so much also for Theon's loyalty to Ramsey further along the line.
Also I love Iwan Rheon for the role. He's a wonderful actor and if you've seen any of his work on Misfits he's fantastic--even has a very sadistic side in the first Series. Yeah he's cute but he plays psycho very well!
1910	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I absolutely loved it. I don't know, maybe I was caught off guard but I never thought 
	Spoiler the bastard would be kind of cute
Right on point!  There was something bugging me about him from the very beginning, and it's also that he's not only cute, but looks [and acts] so innocent.I didn't notice it at first, but when he slowly walks into focus just before killing the last of his men, the music sounds like something lifted straight out a horror movie.Not to mention the way the camera zooms out and we see Theon hobble after him, looking very much like his Reek already.Well, I watched the durn thing three times last night and never noticed the music.  I'll have to go back tonight to find it.  What a good touch that would be. I can NOT believe how the non-book readers will be shocked when they find out what Ramsay is really like.  I already had a non book reader friend comment last week, after seeing Theon gallop away on the white horse in the preview for this week, that she was really, really glad to see that Theon was getting away.
1911	HouseHarrison	2013-04-15	I like the storyline so far, but there's only so long that they can drag out this Ramsay-Theon cat-and-mouse for 3 or so seasons before he'll become relevant again in A Dance with Dragons. They're playing a dangerous game here.
1912	KingWolf	2013-04-15	I though his face when he walked up to the guy he shot who called him a bastard.Knowing who he is it unnerved me..This is my fav story of the season. The music freaked me out as well.But maybe ts just that since I know its Ramsay is freaking me out to know what he will end up doing.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 15 April 2013 - 12:46 PM.
1913	Alice in Westeros	2013-04-15	I didn't notice it at first, but when he slowly walks into focus just before killing the last of his men, the music sounds like something lifted straight out a horror movie.Not to mention the way the camera zooms out and we see Theon hobble after him, looking very much like his Reek already.Even the look in his eyes when he takes off Theon's constraints in the earlier scene.This is one twisted dude and I think it's going to blow minds of readers and non-readers alike when we see the full extent of his evil. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  I can't wait to see how this plays out in the show.Also, I really appreciated the irony of Ramsay saving Theon from being raped...
1914	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-15	does he kill his own men in the book? It's hard to stay loyal to that kind of person don't you think. Or even play along with him.
1915	KingWolf	2013-04-15	Lol  expected Ramsay to rape Theon himself after killing his own men.does he kill his own men in the book? It's hard to stay loyal to that kind of person don't you think. Or even play along with him. They prop fear him.Maybe Roose tells them to follow him.
					
					
							Edited by KingWolf, 15 April 2013 - 12:51 PM.
1916	Iotun	2013-04-15	Possible development: I remember in one of the trailers we saw a scene of Yara walking... somewhere, which means she shows up in at least one scene in the season. They may even want to give the actress something to do. What if Ramsay is actually trying to get Theon's trust so that Yara lets him into Deepwood Motte, and he then betrays them and opens the gates for his own men to take the castle? Big departure from the books I know, but they can't really have a season's worth of Theon getting tortured, and they have to beef up his story somehow. They can somehow re-introduce parts of his Clash of Kings storyline, but in a diferent castle rather than Winterfell.
BTW, in the Unsullied thread pretty much everybody is now convinced that this is the bastard of Bolton.
					
					
							Edited by Iotun, 15 April 2013 - 12:53 PM.
1917	shiola	2013-04-15	I liked that he killed his own men.  That line was perfect because I don't think non book readers have any clue at this point.  (Though I myself would be suspicious of him, I'd think)
1918	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	does he kill his own men in the book? It's hard to stay loyal to that kind of person don't you think. Or even play along with him.He essentially killed Reek the First. He lets him (or, as he says to Theon, made him) ride off to his death knowing full well that Rodrik would probably kill him.That's the thing though, isn't it? Who's going to argue with your lord's son the psycho torture expert?
1919	Sun	2013-04-15	My non-readers, with a little bit of prodding from me, guessed that the boy is the bastard of Bolton. I ofcourse did not confirm or deny.
ETA:
It was a good scene, and a very subtle reveal.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 01:00 PM.
1920	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	Yeah i could tell my brother was really starting to like Ramsay after the "winter is coming" line, Boy oh boy how wrong he is.
1921	freetickles	2013-04-15	Possible development: I remember in one of the trailers we saw a scene of Yara walking... somewhere, which means she shows up in at least one scene in the season. They may even want to give the actress something to do. What if Ramsay is actually trying to get Theon's trust so that Yara lets him into Deepwood Motte, and he then betrays them and opens the gates for his own men to take the castle? Big departure from the books I know, but they can't really have a season's worth of Theon getting tortured, and they have to beef up his story somehow. They can somehow re-introduce parts of his Clash of Kings storyline, but in a diferent castle rather than Winterfell.BTW, in the Unsullied thread pretty much everybody is now convinced that this is the bastard of Bolton.I saw someone mention on another thread the theory that Ramsay could be using Theon's trust to infiltrate Moat Cailin/Deepwood Motte/wherever Yara is in the near future. I could see it but hope it's not the case - I think we need the full transformation to Reek before the Deepwood Motte infiltration move.
1922	Penguin king	2013-04-15	I'm quite happy with the way this storyline is going. They missed out on Reek last year, so they needed a way for Ramsy to earn Theon's trust and be in Theon's service, so that we can get the full impact of the reversal later on.
It'd be nice if Ramsy had been a bit more reek-like and a bit less of a pretty boy, but I like Iwan Rheon as an actor so I guess the trade off is worth it.
1923	A<U+0089>adaoin	2013-04-15	Yeah i could tell my brother was really starting to like Ramsay after the "winter is coming" line, Boy oh boy how wrong he is.The "winter is coming" line was perfect, I smiled. I also loved "you little bastard", of course.
1924	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I'm thinking 'You little Bastard' will be the new 'You dirty rat'.
Maybe just for me though.
1925	Dove	2013-04-15	I loved that moment. The line is great foreshadowing, and the expression on Ramsay's face combined with the brutal finality of the man's point-blank execution is enough to give you pause but you can't really bring yourself to care, considering he was a torturor and attempted rapist. They're throwing off just enough hints that something is off for perceptive watchers to pick up on it, even though you really want to believe that Theon's finally found himself a benefactor.It'd be nice if Ramsy had been a bit more reek-like and a bit less of a pretty boy, but I like Iwan Rheon as an actor so I guess the trade off is worth it.It's hilariously hypocritical, but something tells me Ramsay would have less immediate fans if in-show he looked less like Iwan Rheon and more like the book's description. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />http://awoiaf.wester...sm_RSnow_II.jpg
1926	sarah.jenice	2013-04-15	I loved hearing the line because it seemed like a nod to book fans to confirm that this is Ramsay. The moment this young guy was randomly sweeping a prisoner's cell in the dungeon of the Dreadfort, I knew he was Ramsay. Would the Bolton's really let some random guy sweep the dungeon? Of course not.
I like that even as a book reader, I have no idea where they are going with this storyline. It gives us something really exciting to look forward to.
Perhaps Ramsay gets Theon far enough to see Yara in a castle and think he is truly saved before he reveals himself and drags Theon back to the Dreadfort. Ramsay likes his victims to think they are free before he destroys every bit of hope they have. Also, giving Ramsay and Theon time together before Theon knows Ramsay's true identity is important because a lot of the things Ramsay used to torture Theon were based on things he learned about Theon's personality while he was Reek. Ramsay hated his pride, among other things, and those are the parts of Theon he worked so hard to obliterate to make Theon into Reek. He has to know what to destroy in Theon to truly break him.
1927	Iotun	2013-04-15	I think what strikes me so far in the Theon storyline is that uneasy feeling that we're leaving through somebody's nightmare. Does anybody else get that kind of unsettling vibe? Theon's in a strange castle, tortured by complete strangers for reasonshe can't understand,hunted through the woods right when he's expecting rescue, and saved by a slightly creepy pretty boy with no background. It feels slightly surreal and demented.
1928	BananaSpice	2013-04-15	I think what strikes me so far in the Theon storyline is that uneasy feeling that we're leaving through somebody's nightmare. Does anybody else get that kind of unsettling vibe? Theon's in a strange castle, tortured by complete strangers for reasonshe can't understand,hunted through the woods right when he's expecting rescue, and saved by a slightly creepy pretty boy with no background. It feels slightly surreal and demented.It definitely as a surreal feeling to it.
1929	tito5601	2013-04-15	i loved when he said that line what a great hint
1930	Sun	2013-04-15	Possible development: I remember in one of the trailers we saw a scene of Yara walking... somewhere, which means she shows up in at least one scene in the season. They may even want to give the actress something to do. What if Ramsay is actually trying to get Theon's trust so that Yara lets him into Deepwood Motte, and he then betrays them and opens the gates for his own men to take the castle? Big departure from the books I know, but they can't really have a season's worth of Theon getting tortured, and they have to beef up his story somehow. They can somehow re-introduce parts of his Clash of Kings storyline, but in a diferent castle rather than Winterfell.I think you might be right on the money there. It didn't occur to me, but now that I read it, it seems like the obvious route for them to take.ETA:Having said that, I doubt Yara will meet Theon and Ramsay this season. I think if they do take whatever fort/castle her forces are occupying, she will have left to go back to the Iron Isles by then - perhaps upon receiving news of Balon's death.I just watched the preview for the next ep, you may very well be right about Yara.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 02:56 PM.
1931	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	This wasn't something we really got to see in the books, so its great to flesh this out. In addition to Ramsey, we have John Locke, a Bolton Bannerman cutting off Jaime's han because he was irked.
The Boltons are right being established as players for what is to come, and when the turns come from Ramsey and Roose, boy they are going to be hated more than the Lannisters.
The Boltons themselves are far from always being Stark Loyalists historically, but that is not what the TV viewers are thinking right now, heh heh.
1932	KingWolf	2013-04-15	I think what strikes me so far in the Theon storyline is that uneasy feeling that we're leaving through somebody's nightmare. Does anybody else get that kind of unsettling vibe? Theon's in a strange castle, tortured by complete strangers for reasonshe can't understand,hunted through the woods right when he's expecting rescue, and saved by a slightly creepy pretty boy with no background. It feels slightly surreal and demented.competly agree.Its so eerie this entire story.Poor non book readers are so confused with this story but the pay off will be amazing.
1933	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-15	Oh, I LOVE how they are doing it. You can see Ramsay&undefinedAs mask cracking a bit. He has much more swagger when he is saving Theon than when he released him. I think this is a hint of future Ramsay. Personally, I have no problems with a physically hot Ramsay. It is a great contrast between him being easy on the eyes and so utterly despicable  I mean, I think we are hardwired to see ugly sinister people as evil, so it is not as much of a shock. When they are beautiful but still look psychotic, it is awesome dissonance.I am getting a little irritated at some of the people on Tumblr crying "EW, SICKOS!" to anyone who finds Ramsay a cool character. Plenty of people love the Joker. There is nothing wrong with liking a fictional character who cannot be redeemed.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 15 April 2013 - 04:24 PM.
1934	Thendel	2013-04-15	On Ramsay's looks: Patrick Bateman, anyone?
1935	BananaSpice	2013-04-15	Oh, I LOVE how they are doing it. You can see Ramsay&undefinedAs mask cracking a bit. He has much more swagger when he is saving Theon than when he released him. I think this is a hint of future Ramsay. Personally, I have no problems with a physically hot Ramsay. It is a great contrast between him being easy on the eyes and so utterly despicable  I mean, I think we are hardwired to see ugly sinister people as evil, so it is not as much of a shock. When they are beautiful but still look psychotic, it is awesome dissonance.I am getting a little irritated at some of the people on Tumblr crying "EW, SICKOS!" to anyone who finds Ramsay a cool character. Plenty of people love the Joker. There is nothing wrong with liking a fictional character who cannot be redeemed.That swagger gif is doing all the wrong things to me, tbh.
1936	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-15	I would like to say that what they're doing with this character is absolutely brilliant. I know full well from having read the books what Ramsay is like, but the producers/writers are brilliant in that from watching this episode one gets the sense that Ramsay might just have "another side" or might actually be "helping Theon" (or so some people would think). However, I think this stays true to the Ramsay from the books because, just like Theon in the books, viewers will have themselves vexingly questioning Ramsay's place in Theon's story, whether he will again help  Theon, even as he fatally tortures him and plays cat and mouse in repulsive ways, similar in aspect to the thought process Theon likely went through time after time in the books. 
Writers are showing us early on that Theon does not know what to think of Ramsay, and a few words from this sick individual are enough to console him to the point that Reek becomes fatally attached to this character for survival, because Ramsay disgustingly has him believe he needs him for survival.
1937	Kasrith	2013-04-15	The line was brilliant, I got chills when he said that to him...
1938	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	That swagger gif is doing all the wrong things to me, tbh.Me too.As a straight male it's rather disquieting...
1939	HouseLark	2013-04-15	Nice line. I'm firmly in the camp that believes they had to show the "becoming Reek" storyline this season. It wouldn't have just been a case of bringing back Theon later, it would be bringing back a ruin of a man and asking the audience to take it on trust that "some bad shit happened".I can't place it in the books off the top of my head but I always thought of Ramsay as handsome. He's certainly not described as grotesque or even unattractive and Martin is always sure to remark on any unattractive features of a character. He should ideally be chilling and that doesn't require him to be unattractive.
1940	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-15	Me too.As a straight male it&undefinedAs rather disquieting...Ayuuup. My utter weakness is coldly beautiful people (just physically), and Rheon has been described as "a handsome shark." GAH.It would seem really weird in TV show for Theon to become so grotesquely attached to Ramsay like he is in ADWD unless we see the transformation.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 15 April 2013 - 04:48 PM.
1941	Rymun Royce	2013-04-15	I can't place it in the books off the top of my head but I always thought of Ramsay as handsome. He's certainly not described as grotesque or even unattractive and Martin is always sure to remark on any unattractive features of a character. He should ideally be chilling and that doesn't require him to be unattractive.Same here, I never though of Ramsay looking like a monster, I only expected his eyes to be eerie but overall could have been attractive. Afterall Theon describes Roose as not being particularly ugly in any way just sort of plain, and Ramsay was conceived through rape so I would image the commoner girl was cute enough to make Roose rape her and claim first night rights. In this sense, Ramsay, although possibly not a pretty Loras, wouldnt have to be ugly. Anyway, I of course loved the line, and I said "I was right, thats Ramsay".
1942	Dove	2013-04-15	The ugliness isn't important to his character at all, but to be fair he is pretty much constantly described as one ugly S.O.B., and not just in the context of an unreliable narrator. Ramsay probably had the most detailed physical description of anyone in the books for some reason, honestly.Even if Iwan Rheon doesn't "fit" the actual description he is a fantastic actor and he's going to be great. Him being adorable makes it really easy for people to miss the point of his character, but once they start playing up his monstrousness that should help. He is definitely a weirdly handsome dude.edit: I mean going by description alone Alfie Allen doesn't look like "Book Theon", but I don't think anyone could do a better job and he's re-defined the character in my mind.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 04:53 PM.
1943	NeilSpoon	2013-04-15	I always thought Eliya (sp) Wood would make a great Ramsey. Just watch Sin City and you'll see where I am coming from. This guy playing him now actually looks pretty similar so I am happy. The fact he is cute makes it all the more distressing and less stereotypical.
1944	KingWolf	2013-04-15	Maybe he will help Theon again after torturing him just to toy with him and make him dependent on him and more like the Reek he becomes.
1945	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I LOVE IT.
Oh, believe me guys. He might look ''pretty now'' but he's also got the perfect face for ugly, terrifying, creepy facial expressions. I am definitely seeing a Ramsay here.
1946	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-15	I don't think he looks cute while doing it. I meant it as he doesn't look like a monster, which is the way I imagined him.I pictured fugly, pudgy and with lips that look like 
	Spoiler "Two worms fucking" as according to Theon.
 /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1947	Groney	2013-04-15	I could be totally wrong. But from what we have seen so far of 'Boy'. I get the feeling that he will excel in this role. The Theon story line was my favourite from DwD and I'm glad that they chose to show us what happened in real time instead of flashbacks.
1948	Clariana	2013-04-15	The thing about Ramsey is not that he's a torturere or a flyer, but a player, a toyer, a seducer a perverter... Someone who loves getting under people's skins, not only physically but psychologically and delights in turning them against themselves and demolishing them as personalities.
What the series is doing here fits in very well with this and this Iwan guy... He has Peter Lorre's eyes... Ideal.
1949	Foune	2013-04-15	I think they made Ramsay just too damn handsome, I hate that I'm gonna start hating that guy very soon, I always pictured him as lean with long dark damped unwashed hair and a cruel face, but I understand that they can't use a such a look since they're building him up to be a nice guy til he ends an episode in a cliffhanger where he reveals his monstrosity.
And the other thing I didn't like was he killed 4 men in seconds, that's something a warrior like Blackfish could do but I always thought Ramsay was pathethic when it came to combat, but I have understanding that it fits the character in the TV series.
1950	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Guys, honestly those saying ''he's too handsome'' should see some of the actors other work. I am confident he can play creepy sadist perfectly.
1951	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	He's definitely got Bolton eyes.
1952	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-15	Hehe, as for his l33t warrior skills, budget demands they have to make do with fewer people than in the books. Sorry Ramsay, you have to pull your own weight now! I hope they keep his falchion though--it&undefined;ll give him a real butcher&undefined;s look in a fight. Clariana...I love that thought about Ramsay getting under people&undefined;s skin. Mind if I borrow that for a morbid gif?
1953	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	I really hope he gets a few scenes in his incarnadine armour suit before the end. I imagine he'll need a costume switch of sorts after the reveal.
1954	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I still can't get over how much I actually loved this added scene ok.
1955	Montey14	2013-04-15	So the guy that was going to rape Theon.....are to presume that was the original Reek???
1956	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	So the guy that was going to rape Theon.....are to presume that was the original Reek???I didn't even think of this. Though, I don't think so.
1957	kwak76	2013-04-15	At first I was like they are changing the storyline from the book too much . I wasn't sure if that young guy was Ramsey. From the book I assume  Ramsey to be this brute .
If this is indeed Ramsey ..it's not bad. A good way of introducing the non-readers to who Ramsey really is.
1958	teemo	2013-04-15	Lots of Unsullied were suspecting him to be Bolton's bastard, so that line solidifies that theory I'm sure...that line was just so perfect.  And Rheon is very attractive.
1959	lannistergold	2013-04-15	It's hilariously hypocritical, but something tells me Ramsay would have less immediate fans if in-show he looked less like Iwan Rheon and more like the book's description. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />http://awoiaf.wester...sm_RSnow_II.jpgThis is almost exactly as I imagined Ramsay in the books, so props to the artist. But if he was that ugly on screen, it would give the game away. I think the show might improve the character TBH.
1960	Nezzer	2013-04-15	/\||That Ramsay looks like he is 40 years old and he is described as a young man. I picture him more like this.
1961	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-15	So the guy that was going to rape Theon.....are to presume that was the original Reek???Wow i just had 2 thoughts from this. What if Reek is alive, and eventually dies somehow. This allows non-readers to see what character Ramsay tries to break Theon into.2nd thought: Ofcourse the hints suggest that Iwan Rheon is Ramsay. But it would of been amazing if he was casted as Reek, and is playing along with Ramsays games.
1962	Kelly Stargaryen	2013-04-15	No one else has mentioned it, and I feel that it is definatly worth mentioning. The sound effect used when Theon lands was brilliant. Exactly the sound of getting "bell rang". I cringe everytime I hear it.
1963	Rymun Royce	2013-04-15	So the guy that was going to rape Theon.....are to presume that was the original Reek???When he showed up I thought he was probably Reek, the hoodie didnt seem Ramsay, although he looked more normal than what Reek would have looked liked and his last moments dont seem much Reekish as in his reaction would have been different, almost, but not quite surprised and hurt. Anyway, they are probably going to leave out Reek, its not necessary to show him anyway.Also I just realized Ramsay is Simon from Misfits, very creepy eyes.
					
					
							Edited by Rymun Royce, 15 April 2013 - 11:49 PM.
1964	Spotted Cat	2013-04-16	IMO
  the killing and naming bitches after the victims is much more cruel than this killing of his own men
Pictured the guy very differently, pure evil and monster like.  
he might not be the bastard of bolton but the chance of that happening is slim.
1965	Dove	2013-04-16	Pictured the guy very differently, pure evil and monster like. I'm pretty sure they'll keep that aspect of him very much alive, we just haven't seen it yet. He's being portrayed as a badass now but that's just going to make it even worse when people slowly start learning more about the situation, like how he gets his names for his "girls" and all that. Unknowing viewers are being "betrayed" in the same sense as Theon.In a series this sprawlingly convoluted, with so many different plotlines and locations, it's important to have a really hateable villainous character to latch on to. Right now it's basically Joff fulfilling that role, but in his absense later I think the Boltons will more than step up to the task.
1966	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-16	IMO  the killing and naming bitches after the victims is much more cruel than this killing of his own menPictured the guy very differently, pure evil and monster like.  he might not be the bastard of bolton but the chance of that happening is slim.Evil doesn't always look evil tho,even reading his description in the books I always pictured him normal looking with pale eyes that when you look into you see this is an evil guy, I think that's scarier than someone that "looks" evil because he hideous on the outside n you can tell he's evil from a mile off. Iwan is cuter than how I though Ramsay would be but that makes it more fun I think when they reveal his true nature.
					
					
							Edited by Rhaegarsjoy, 16 April 2013 - 02:23 AM.
1967	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Satan in the bible was a beautiful.
I think the good looking psychopaths are the scariest.  I think they are trying to make Ramsay sort of Ted Bundy-ish (at the time of his arrest, many thought he was innocent because they thought he was good looking and charismatic).
1968	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-16	As i said in ep 3 discussion thread, a friend of mine who is not a book-reader thought that Iwan Rheon is a bastard of Ned Stark, after he said "winter is coming" and that he will prove essential in the end in helping Robb in winning the war. I hardly resisted in giving spoilers /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))) I started my own game playing with his mind, saying that he'll be important, and Theon can thank the gods and that he's very lucky that he found someone so kind to help him in his situation. I'm so evil /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 16 April 2013 - 04:13 AM.
1969	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-16	Also worth noting is "boy" killed his men the same way Rodrik Cassel killed Reek in the books.
					
					
							Edited by aFeastForDragons, 16 April 2013 - 04:58 AM.
1970	thegreatwhitebear	2013-04-16	I think maybe they weren't at the dreadfort to begin with,  maybe hornwood, and Ramsey is leading theon to the dreadfort. Iirc correctly, they never said where they were originally
1971	Bearsblood8	2013-04-16	I was thinking Ramsay sent Theon off and killed the men looking for him so he could say Theon escaped and no one knows where he is.  That way he can completely transform Theon to Reek, since no one would know Ramsay is still holding Theon.
1972	The Fourth Head	2013-04-16	Im watching it with someone who doesn't have a clue who he is.
there are clues that he is Ramsey Bolton, and there are clues that he may not be nice, but they are very subtle and it's unlikely the Unsullied could pull it all together and realise that all the Bolton's, including Ramsey are bad news.
The juxtaposition with the other bolton scene was neatly done though, and I really hope they do something clever entwining the Ramsey and Roose betrayals, and allowing one to play on the other.
1973	Sun	2013-04-16	Rheon is a wonderful character actor, and though he is attractive, he isn't classically handsome - he can look rather homely if he wants. It's all in how he plays it. He can play handsome hunk, I've seen him do it, he can play small, dark and twisted, I've seen him do that too. He is defo the right actor for the part, and I can see him doing a brilliant job. If the show allows it, he will make a chillingly frightening Ramsay.
1974	dttljs123	2013-04-16	It kinda put me off to see him kill his own men. That seems like a waste. And have you seen next episode promo? it seems he's taking him to Moat Cailin, no? Or Deepwood Motte (which would be strange, since it is on the other side of westeros)? and all without revealing himself? Interesting to see how they going to resolve thisi thought he killed Ironmen, he would give them safe passage for Theon and when he escaped he sent the ironmen after him then killed them. But  he is bringing Theon to the Dreadfort, he was told to ride east towards Deepwood motte, but to the east is the Dreadfort west is Deepwood
1975	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	I like that they have Ramsay good-looking (if it really is him and I think it is).  I think it will be all the more of a shock for people when the tables turn. Right now, he has this sweet innocent-looking face and is being a hero to Theon.  I can't wait to see the reaction when shit starts getting real.  Also, Alfie Allen is amazing - his character did these horrible things and in 2 episodes he already has people feeling sorry for Theon!
1976	FlightEcho	2013-04-16	/\||That Ramsay looks like he is 40 years old and he is described as a young man. I picture him more like this.lol wut? I pictured like the way he is portrayed in the picture in my avatar.http://awoiaf.wester...say_Bolton2.JPGI like this Ramsay though, I am really excited about how he will come across and develop in the next episodes. He lookeod so much more authoritive when he got off his horse with that bow an whatevr he was wearing.
					
					
							Edited by FlightEcho, 16 April 2013 - 09:51 AM.
1977	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Rheon is a wonderful character actor, and though he is attractive, he isn't classically handsome - he can look rather homely if he wants. It's all in how he plays it. He can play handsome hunk, I've seen him do it, he can play small, dark and twisted, I've seen him do that too. He is defo the right actor for the part, and I can see him doing a brilliant job. If the show allows it, he will make a chillingly frightening Ramsay.I agree wholeheartedly! He is most definitely capable of playing ugly and sinister; and we're totally going to be seeing an amazing Ramsay with him.
1978	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	But  he is bringing Theon to the Dreadfort, he was told to ride east towards Deepwood motte, but to the east is the Dreadfort west is DeepwoodYep, that is my take on it.The only question is where did they start? I've been of the opinion that the initial torture has been at Winterfell and Theon is now being taken to the Dreadfort. Theon should have known that travelling east from Winterfell would not take him to Deepwood Motte. But I am happy to let that slide. I like where this is headed.
1979	Sandra Melis	2013-04-18	Rheon is Reek + Theon!
1980	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-18	Yep, that is my take on it.The only question is where did they start? I've been of the opinion that the initial torture has been at Winterfell and Theon is now being taken to the Dreadfort. Theon should have known that travelling east from Winterfell would not take him to Deepwood Motte. But I am happy to let that slide. I like where this is headed.Perhaps Theon was tortured on Hornwood lands?The Dreadfort lies to the east then!Just a theory
1981	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-18	I think he'll make a great Ramsay, he's a nice looking package hiding a twisted monster inside. This works well with one of the themes of ASoIaF; that beautiful things are usually the most dangerous or evil - ie the Lannasters.
1982	BananaSpice	2013-04-18	I'm pretty sure they're just going to end up going in a circle, but who knows. ... if they were too close to Winterfell, Theon would surely recognize where he was / know he whereabouts.
1983	Nezzer	2013-04-18	According to FaBio from WiC...
	Spoiler ...they are indeed going in a circle. "Boy" will lead Theon back to the torture room and will blame him for the deaths of the other torturers. He doesn't fully reveal himself, not even his name.
1984	Mammothsbane	2013-04-18	According to FaBio from WiC...
	Spoiler ...they are indeed going in a circle. "Boy" will lead Theon back to the torture room and will blame him for the deaths of the other torturers. He doesn't fully reveal himself, not even his name.
I don't understand why they're taking so long to reveal Rheon as Ramsay.
1985	Nikos Targaryen	2013-04-18	I don't understand why they're taking so long to reveal Rheon as Ramsay.Because ASoS is being broken up into 2 seasons.
1986	Dove	2013-04-18	Also to help keep some heat off the Boltons and not make it too obvious that they're fucking shifty.
It's weird enough that their sigil is basically a desecrated corpse, if they reveal Roose's son to be a crazy asshole that burned down Winterfell most viewers are probably going to be expecting the worst even moreso than book-readers were. Especially since Bolton is the only prominent Stark bannerman in the show besides Karstark now.
1987	Nikos Targaryen	2013-04-18	To be honest, I'm starting to doubt a little if "Boy" really is Ramsay. And if what the Spoilers from WiC is true, it may lend some credence to that6. That said, if "Boy" is Ramsay I really hope they reveal him this season. It's gonna kill me waiting a whole nother year to see!
1988	Nezzer	2013-04-18	To be honest, I'm starting to doubt a little if "Boy" really is Ramsay. And if what the Spoilers from WiC is true, it may lend some credence to that6. That said, if "Boy" is Ramsay I really hope they reveal him this season. It's gonna kill me waiting a whole nother year to see!I'm sure he will reveal himself this season yet. That spoiler I said above happens this Sunday in episode 4. I doubt Theon and "Boy" will disappear and return only next season. I think that "Boy" will torture Theon personally in episode 6 and will reveal himself in episode 8 (named Second Sons, and Ramsay is a second son, it would be fitting).
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 18 April 2013 - 11:12 PM.
1989	Mammothsbane	2013-04-18	Because ASoS is being broken up into 2 seasons.Why would that matter? We knew way more about the Bolton's treachery at this point in the books.
1990	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-19	According to FaBio from WiC...
	Spoiler ...they are indeed going in a circle. "Boy" will lead Theon back to the torture room and will blame him for the deaths of the other torturers. He doesn't fully reveal himself, not even his name.

	Spoiler That's so vexing. I sincerely hope they keep Ramsay's name when he is revealed...
1991	Kaitscralt	2013-04-19	I don't think he was going to kill his men originally. I'm assuming they were missing their arrows on purpose for Ramsay's sake, unless he didn't care about his Reek plans enough to tell them not to kill Theon.
For me, I think his men got carried away and when the possibility of Theon being raped came up, Ramsay abandoned the plan and killed his men instead.
1992	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-19	I don't really think it's anywhere near as romantic or heroic as that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1993	Kaitscralt	2013-04-19	If he thinks Theon is "his", he would certainly go into a psychotic rage at the idea of his men raping Theon. I certainly didn't mean to imply he did it for noble reasons.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 19 April 2013 - 08:36 AM.
1994	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-19	I wouldn't call it "heroic" but I saw it reminiscent of that passage in ADWD where guards let Theon wander most places at Winterfell because he's "Ramsay's pet." Maybe Ramsay was planning on killing them all along, maybe he just got pissy they were getting creative with his orders. I dunno! It will be interesting to see Theon and Ramsay's interactions between now and when the ADWD plotline begins.
1995	Clariana	2013-04-19	I'm sure he will reveal himself this season yet. That spoiler I said above happens this Sunday in episode 4. I doubt Theon and "Boy" will disappear and return only next season. I think that "Boy" will torture Theon personally in episode 6 and will reveal himself in episode 8 (named Second Sons, and Ramsay is a second son, it would be fitting).Agreed. I've just rewatched the episode and noticed that "Boy" has his own theme music... Ergo he's an important character.
1996	BorhPT	2013-04-19	I'm very intrigued with this 'Boy', I'm pretty sure he's Ramsay and the scenes of this episode were really tricky with a lot of double-meanings.I just have some doubts on where this is going, what is Ramsay planning, where were they and how did he tricked those men to his plan?my scenario:- He's Ramsay and those were his men. They planned to torture Theon for fun, (dressed as Ironborn) then Ramsay dressed as janitor sets him free (they do the acting perfect so he's fully convinced), he gets his hopes high and escapes to the East. Now, the most difficult part to understand... Ramsay tells his man he's not going, maybe because he wants them to have fun and he has other things to do; or maybe he's ill that day; or maybe it is for when Theon returns he can show his real face and his real captives and how it was just a funny joke (for them at least eheh). I'm not really sure here, this is the only thing it occurs to me and if this is wrong maybe the whole scenario falls to the ground.After some hours the torturers go after him and Ramsay stays at the castle. But Ramsay is a hunter and this time he's hunting for a higher goal - not hunting to kill some random people, but to find a new pet, since the other Reek has died - for that he needs to put some thought into it and he needs to destroy Theon's outside, but most important his inside. So he lets the torturers go ahead of him and arrives at the right moment to save Theon from his own man, betraying them (but he actually doesn't care about those pawns)When the main torturer sees him his facial expression is very important. He sighs, glances down and shakes his head, almost like saying "F***, I knew it!", as they know Ramsay's a sick person and him not hunting/having fun with them was to strange for a person like him. Ramsay makes sure the torturer sees his face and understands what is happening. He calls him bastard and Ramsay kills him with no remorse, an usual thing to him.After that, Theon gets really frightened of him. Ramsay calls him Lord and the scene ends with Theon limping behind him, like a poor follower that needs the janitor to survive. This makes Theon feel like he his yet powerfull, keeping his old self and playing Ramsay's game for a little longer as he slowly turns him into Reek.also, in the first scene:I loved when Theon said 'I will make you lord of the iron islands for this' and the boy answers 'We are not in the Iron Islands'... First thing:  Theon reacts like 'What?! Then were are we?!' as he clearly thought he was, by the fact that the soldiers were dressed as Ironborn and the last thing he remembers his them attacking/betraying him in season 2. also the boy/Ramsay doesn't say where they are, so that way Theon feels truly lost and realizes he needs to fully trust him.Also, on that scene we see a bit of 'old Theon', making promises to the low folks on how he's going to give them riches and titles, because he's very powerfull and the boy/Ramsay just tells him 'We are not in the Iron islands', like, 'you have no power here', making him even more afraid and helpless.
					
					
							Edited by BorhPT, 19 April 2013 - 06:01 PM.
1997	Maxthestig	2013-04-19	I too agree that he shouldn't be 'cute'.
He should be ugly and evil in every way..
1998	Twentythoughts	2013-04-19	People who think they're rushing the Theon story need to remember that AFfC and ADwD are EXTREMELY likely to be merged in the show, since it's harder to just leave half the cast behind for an entire season.
Me, I'm loving this. The Ramsay/Theon story is one of my favorite bits of the books, and them spending time on it already can only mean good stuff for that.
1999	Dove	2013-04-19	Someone in another thread mentioned that(Potential TV Spoilers, don't look if you don't want to know)
	Spoiler Alfie Allen's only going to appear in six episodes this season. Theon's story might seem rushed and like it's taking time away from others, but it shouldn't last. Once he's re-captured it'll taper off and slow down a bit, probably. It's important to establish this stuff, since they don't do flashbacks in the show.
2000	Winterz	2013-04-19	"The book readers saw Ramsay's arrival to WF and cheered for he had saved the day from the evil and ruthless Ironborn, so it was shocking for them to perceive such twist when Bolton betrays both Stark men and then Ironborn equally."
As there was no such scene in the Show I think their approach by making him "cute" and the saviour and then the big twist. This sounds a lot like in the book.
I wonder if his men knew of the entirety of his plan though unlikely. They seemed quite surprised when the arrows came flying (damn Ramsay is a pretty good archer, with fast and well-aimed shots), it really does sound like one of Ramsay's little games.
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 19 April 2013 - 08:05 PM.
2001	BananaSpice	2013-04-19	Someone in another thread mentioned that(Potential TV Spoilers, don't look if you don't want to know)
	Spoiler Alfie Allen's only going to appear in six episodes this season. Theon's story might seem rushed and like it's taking time away from others, but it shouldn't last. Once he's re-captured it'll taper off and slow down a bit, probably. It's important to establish this stuff, since they don't do flashbacks in the show.

	Spoiler Only 6 episodes???
 *kills self* /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />  /jk it's not that big of a deal ... 
	Spoiler he's only been in 2 so far, 3 after Sunday. So maybe he'll disappear during episodes 5 and 6 so that Jon / Sam / Wildlings / Stannis can have more screentime ... and then be in 7, 8, 10?
2002	Nezzer	2013-04-19	Spoiler Only 6 episodes???
 *kills self* /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />  /jk it's not that big of a deal ... 
	Spoiler he's only been in 2 so far, 3 after Sunday. So maybe he'll disappear during episodes 5 and 6 so that Jon / Sam / Wildlings / Stannis can have more screentime ... and then be in 7, 8, 10?

	Spoiler I think that he will disappear in episodes 5, 7 and 9. I don't think he will spend two episodes off-screen. It's not a good idea to have a story arc missing in two consecutive episodes or more.
2003	BananaSpice	2013-04-19	Spoiler I think that he will disappear in episodes 5, 7 and 9. I don't think he will spend two episodes off-screen. It's not a good idea to have a story arc missing in two consecutive episodes or more.
True! After episode 4, there aren't any spoilers floating around that I know of, so I'll just have to be tense and nervous about what's going to happen and when!
2004	Nezzer	2013-04-19	True! After episode 4, there aren't any spoilers floating around that I know of, so I'll just have to be tense and nervous about what's going to happen and when!Yeah, these spoilers have been satisfying my anticipation, but after next episode we are goign to be left in the dark once again and the wait will be painful /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2005	Sol-3	2013-04-20	It takes a real psychopath to kill his own loyal men for some sick game he's playing. I guess that's the point.
	Spoiler  Agree. It's a really good way of getting his true character across to the TV audience. The viewers will never get to fully appreciate the extent of the evil mind games he plays on Theon purely because they aren't privy to Theon's inner monologue (e.g. "Reek, it rhymes with meek" etc) So they had to figure out a way of depicting him as a truly sick and twisted mofo. This elaborate but staged escape will go some way to achieving that.

					
					
							Edited by Sol-3, 20 April 2013 - 01:12 PM.
2006	Team Renlys Peach	2013-04-20	People who think they're rushing the Theon story need to remember that AFfC and ADwD are EXTREMELY likely to be merged in the show, since it's harder to just leave half the cast behind for an entire season.Me, I'm loving this. The Ramsay/Theon story is one of my favorite bits of the books, and them spending time on it already can only mean good stuff for that.I couldn't agree with you more. I loved the Theon/Ramsay dynamic in ADwD and I am really excited to see where this goes. Last season I was left wondering what they were planning on doing with Theon and whether they were going to kiss him goodbye for a season or two. I am SO glad they didn't. I love those Boltons. The weirdos of Westeros.
2007	Spring Snow	2013-04-20	I'm looking forward to the popular reaction to the Boltons, particularly Ramsay, considering how many foam at the mouth over spoiled little Joffrey alone. Especially if they re-capture that pitch black sense of humor that makes you laugh at loud at half their dialogue - "... all in all, it was a dismal day..." - and then feel vaguely guilty for even laughing.
2008	Stone Cold Bastard	2013-04-21	I love those Boltons. The weirdos of Westeros.Don't know how anyone could love the sick, twisted and loserish House Bolton.
2009	Rymun Royce	2013-04-22	Don't know how anyone could love the sick, twisted and loserish House Bolton.The only thing worse than that would be loving the Frey.
2010	Nezzer	2013-04-23	Don't know how anyone could love the sick, twisted and loserish House Bolton.Well, they are extremely fun. They have the best family interactions in the entire saga. Ramsay makes me laugh more than any other character /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2011	Free Northman	2013-04-26	Hang on, how do people know this is Ramsay? I took it to mean that they changed the story completely and actually has Theon escape Ramsay's clutches after a brief incarcaration. This unknown savior seems to simply have been created to shortcut Theon's whole story arc straight back to Asha.
2012	morgan1028	2013-04-26	I think boy is Ramsey..  The you little bastard comment..  killing the men that weren't Ironborn... the whole hunt..  Yea, it is Ramsey Snow... acting like "boy" , reek
2013	morgan1028	2013-04-26	Ramsey plays "games"..  if it isn't Ramsey who else could it be?  The real Reek?  Well, he dies in ACOK... so, it has to be Ramsey playing.  But no one who hasn't read the books (or spoilers) could know this
					
					
							Edited by morgan1028, 26 April 2013 - 09:49 PM.
2014	TheImp'sDragon	2013-04-15	This is just teasing at this point. I mean there was no Dany in the second episode at all /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. And I cannot wait for the RW to come.. oh this book has so many awesome things...
2015	a white raven	2013-04-15	Too much time in Astapor? Um, compared to the books it's moving at lightening speed! Lol The season started with Daenerys already on a ship! 
That being said, I really thought the Crasters keep scene would come to fruition in episode 3. I love this show but the first three episodes were borderline boring.  We need a little less talk and a lot more action. Maybe if they took a few storylines further in each episode it might be better than trying to squeeze a glimpse of each in every time.
2016	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	This season's Dany could teach Gonzalez about Speed.
2017	WinterKing	2013-04-15	Wait till Meereen...
2018	juanml82	2013-04-15	Well, Tyrion did say there are only four people in the world who can do a proper Mereenese knot. I guess we've been introduced to two already.
2019	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Wait till Meereen...No kidding!  When I was reading ADWD, I'm surprised I didn't start having nightmares about being sentenced to a lifetime of hard labor in Meereen.
2020	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	Are you kidding? She's been there for two episodes and she is going to cap it off next week. So she will have been there for a total of 3 episodes.
Just wait till Mereen bud
2021	Reposado	2013-04-15	i do think the couple mins per ep is really killing this story line. cant believe they did what they did this week and not the dracarys scene. its just stripping all the drama
2022	dtones520	2013-04-15	Are you kidding? She's been there for two episodes and she is going to cap it off next week. So she will have been there for a total of 3 episodes.Just wait till Mereen budNo kidding. We are going to get 3 seasons of Dany in Mereen. Barf.
2023	teemo	2013-04-15	I wonder if they'll actually keep her in Meereen or just start making shit up.
2024	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-15	This is just teasing at this point. I mean there was no Dany in the second episode at all /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. And I cannot wait for the RW to come.. oh this book has so many awesome things...Chapter count. She has less.Get used to it, there will be more of this to keep her getting to her DWD material too fast.
2025	MoAt	2013-04-15	I'm sorry, I can't hear you over all the AWESOME of this episode.
2026	dttljs123	2013-04-15	Wait till Yunkai...Dany gets a warm welcome
2027	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-15	Too much time in Astapor? Um, compared to the books it's moving at lightening speed! Lol The season started with Daenerys already on a ship!Word. No such thing as too much Daeny. I'm guessing they're going to give Daeny her army next episode. That episode should be hot like fire. Puns!
2028	callmedodge	2013-04-16	So far Dany`s arc has been fine this season. We`ve seen her actually do stuff.
First episode: Decides to go to Astapor to buy a slave army. We see her dragons are growing but not fast enough. She meets with a Slaver and Missandei (a fucking amazing scene) and we learn not only a lot about the society of Astapor but also of the Unsullied. She gets attacked by the Warlocks (a story I think they`ll bring more to the forefront in the show) and Barristan shows up.
Episode 2: Nothing. This is fine, we have other characters to learn about.
Episode 3: We see her showing compassion for slaves again - to re-establish what we already learned in season 1. We the the enmity growing between Selmy and Jorah. We see Dany beginning to doubt herself less. More awesome Slaver business AND Dany agreeing to sell a dragon - her biggest dragon. Jorah and Selmy stepping above their station and Dany scolding them for it. Dany buying Missandei and being somewhat badass about things - a mutual respect growing already. 
I don`t know what you want from the show exactly but they`re doing a fine job with Dany`s arc so far this season. A lot has happened.
2029	Relic	2013-04-16	I wonder if they'll actually keep her in Meereen or just start making shit up.What do you mean "start"? =PThey are certainly going to have to divert from the books at some point (way more so than they already have) unless this show goes on for ten seasons (which seems pretty impossible to me). HBO Dany will probably be in Westeros by the time the next book comes out. Anyway, i thought the Dany scenes in episode three were the best of the episode, by a wide margin. Guess i felt they were able to capture the essence that particular story line and convey it in an interesting fashion.
2030	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-16	If anything, I actually think they're moving much too fast with Dany.
Actually, they're moving much too fast with every character really. Especially Jon though. I was hoping he'd be beyond the wall with the wildlings till episode 5 or 6, at the least, then in episode 7 or 8 deal with escaping south of the wall - then the season finale saving the wall and the battle where Ygritte dies.
2031	Nictarion	2013-04-16	Dany has had some of the best scenes of the season.  I have been loving her so far.
2032	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-16	I don't think it's moving slow at all. If anything it's moving fast. Then again I'm also one that enjoys Dany's chapters in Mereen and how she actually is learning extremely important lessons about ruling instead of the standard fantasy trope where the would be king automatically is fit for it without any experience.If anything, I actually think they're moving much too fast with Dany.Actually, they're moving much too fast with every character really. Especially Jon though. I was hoping he'd be beyond the wall with the wildlings till episode 5 or 6, at the least, then in episode 7 or 8 deal with escaping south of the wall - then the season finale saving the wall and the battle where Ygritte dies.I haven't read any synopsis for any episode, nor do I watch any preview clips, but sine the 6:th episode is called The Climb it does sound like Jon won't go south of the Wall until that episode. Unless I'm being completely fooled by that name I'd say that your wish for pacing sounds pretty accurate to what's likely to happen.
2033	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-16	I was suprised at how fast this season seems to be moving also. I know they have to skip a lot because the books are so big but wow. I am wondering ifg they are doing this so the can spend the majority of an episode focusing on the lead up and actual RW?
2034	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-16	I don't think it's moving slow at all. If anything it's moving fast. Then again I'm also one that enjoys Dany's chapters in Mereen and how she actually is learning extremely important lessons about ruling instead of the standard fantasy trope where the would be king automatically is fit for it without any experience.I haven't read any synopsis for any episode, nor do I watch any preview clips, but sine the 6:th episode is called The Climb it does sound like Jon won't go south of the Wall until that episode. Unless I'm being completely fooled by that name I'd say that your wish for pacing sounds pretty accurate to what's likely to happen.I hope you are correct. I really do not want them to skip the "marriage" of Ygritte and Jon
					
					
							Edited by DaveSnow House Stark, 16 April 2013 - 06:16 AM.
2035	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	This is offtrack, but the next two episodes really need to focus on Jon and test his loyalty to the Night's Watch. So far, we've seen sparingly little of the wildlings. Margaery Tyrell can wait. I want to see more wildlings.
So far, I'm fine with the pacing of Daenerys' arc. The real question will be how they manage to mine 6 episodes out of Yunkai. Maybe focus on the tension between Jorah and Barristan?
2036	Holy Sock	2013-04-16	They'll probably have an episode or two of travelling or without Dany at all.
2037	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	So far, I'm fine with the pacing of Daenerys' arc. The real question will be how they manage to mine 6 episodes out of Yunkai. Maybe focus on the tension between Jorah and Barristan?My predictions are:Episode 5: Consolidates troops, heads towards YunkaiEpisode 6: Doesnt appearEpisode 7: Travelling to Yunkai. Tensions between Jorah and Barristan.Episode 8: Meets the Titan's Bastard and Daario outside Yunkai. Daario betrays the Yunkai.Episode 9: Doesn't AppearEpisode 10: Enemy camp destroyed, slaves are freed. Mhysa! Betrayal of Jorah revealed, he is sent away.
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 16 April 2013 - 06:42 AM.
2038	TheImp'sDragon	2013-04-17	Every plot line they skip or change, I believe, are fodder for guessing the end. I mean the D&D are the only other people who know the ending.
I am just saying, they need to spend more time on the awesome parts of the story and not the boring ones. Skip the entire Brotherhood without banners part with Arya, for all I care. People completely forgot about the wolf herd, maybe they should start reminding them about that.
Some scenes are just ridicoulous, I mean who cares about Pod's sexual exploits.
I agree this stuff comes at the end, but I guess I was just ranting. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2039	TheImp'sDragon	2013-04-17	I hope you are correct. I really do not want them to skip the "marriage" of Ygritte and JonMe too man. I think they won't, becuase it is a huge charecter building plot for Jon Snow. Also, the actor who play ygritte is beautiful and there probably is a reason for that. One more thing is, if it wern't for that she is basically pointless in the entire story. Jon's guilt about her is too important.
2040	The Fourth Head	2013-04-17	The longer Dany spends getting to Meereen the better.
2041	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	The longer Dany spends getting to Meereen the better.The only way I can see that set up being rescued for the TV is to invent some kind of a battle at some point. Perhaps a Dothraki assault to demonstrate just how good the Unsullied are. For me the Meereen years are the most frustrating part of the books and will be worse converted to TV unless they do something significant.
2042	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-17	Wait till Meereen...Ha!  She's STILL in Mereen.  Book 5 Should be called "A Dance With Meetings."  Dany has a thousand meetings to have....something happen?
2043	Logodnica	2013-04-24	Well, Tyrion did say there are only four people in the world who can do a proper Mereenese knot. I guess we've been introduced to two already.Ahahahahahahahahaha!!!D&D will do Astapor and Yunkai this season. And conquering Mereen season 4. And failing to rule Mereen/running away on a dragon season 5.
2044	Joyful Union	2013-04-24	The only way I can see that set up being rescued for the TV is to invent some kind of a battle at some point. Perhaps a Dothraki assault to demonstrate just how good the Unsullied are. For me the Meereen years are the most frustrating part of the books and will be worse converted to TV unless they do something significant.Well, they could embellish the Sons of the Harpy storyline. Maybe create a new character who is one of the resistance fighters, and then joins Dany's cause. Street battles and murders could be quite interesting.
2045	Rebekah	2013-04-15	I think I'm one of the few people who wasn't irritated by the Podrick Brothel Scene, and it's led me to consider something about the way we as fans process this show. We have a habit of going over layers and layers of meaning in Martin's texts, of analyzing sometimes on a word-by-word basis. This works because Martin is so careful to not only write his story but to craft his presentation as meticulously as possible. We've developed a high degree of trust in Martin because of this - we take note of not only what is said but how.We as a fan base don't have that kind of faith in D&D, and tonight I think it's caused a lot of the fans to miss the point.If you look at Pod's scene in the brothel and the follow up gossiping as simple comic relief it comes off as superfluous and silly; more in the vein of a frat house comedy than Game of Thrones. But I don't think that's what D&D were doing at all. Like Martin I think they used this to establish some very important things about where two characters are at now and where they will be at later.First; Tyrion. We're told over and over again that "a Lannister always pays his debts." More often than not this is used as a threat or a goad to manipulate. Tyrion used it as a double entende with Mord in S1. When it is used as a promise 'help me and I will reward you' that usually means money, titles or land. Tonight I think Tyrion made good on his debt to Pod, and not with sex. With confidance.I don't believe for a second that three high class call girls refused their fee because a young untried boy was a talented or well-endowed lover. Even if he was phenominal in bed those girls would have to accept the coin. They could never explain to their bosses (Ros and Petyr Baelish) why they hadn't. In fact they would probably face severe consequences if they did. Besides if you are hired to perform a service you don't forgo your fee because you had a good time while doing your job. You count your blessings that your job was entertaining in stead of tedious or distasteful but you still except the fee-for-service.Instead what I took away from this was that Tyrion had paid the marker in advance. Probably directly to Ros, who runs the establishment. He put gold on the table and let Pod think that was payment. In a way it was grand theatre and Pod fell right in. The girls gave him back the money and told him what a good time they had with him, so much so that they wouldn't allow him to pay. He's confused and flattered but also a bit startled.Pod is a shy, nervous boy. He performs his duties not only admirably but thoroughly and oftentimes beyond the call, but his shy stutter and awkward social skills have overshadowed his quality service up until now. Now he's led to belive he has a talent that is appreciated for it's own sake. He returns Tyrion's money and is immediately put in the position of explaining to two highly sexually experienced men what he did that impressed theses whores so much that they couldn't bear to accept his coin.What Tyrion has given him in this is much more valuable than gold or sex. He's given Pod the means to feel confidant; to believe that he has innate talents and skills that are worthy of praise. He's found a way to try to make Pod start to see his own value.Right about now a lot of you are probably thinking "So what? Who cares about the confidence of Tyrion's squire? Do we need so much screentime on this? We should have more time for (insert Bran/Arya/Dany/etc. etc.)"But I think we do need to take the time for this.It probably won't happen until next season but Pod doesn't just disappear when Tyrion leaves KL. He goes off and tries to help Brienne in hops that by finding Sansa he will be able to find Tyrion. This shows a great deal of loyalty. A great deal. In the books we learn something about Pod's backstory that gives us a sense of why he might be so loyal but the screen hasn't been able to clearly do that.This gift of confidence creates a bond between Tyrion and Pod. Tyrion could have tried to reward Pod with a knighthood, gold, land, the usual suspects. Instead he took an interest in Pod as a person, almost as a little brother figure. Now when he turns up following Brienne the audience will have something to look back on and realize that Pod was more to Tyrion than a servant and Tyrion was more to Pod than an employer.This may be a minor point - after all we have limited screen time and a lot of people won't care why Pod is so eager to find Tyrion. However Brienne is going to spend a lot of next season traveling. It's very possible they will cut Ser Hyle from Brienne's storyline in the interest of money and time. If so then Pod will be her one stalwart companion on her hopeless quest to find Sansa. Since she's willing to go to extremes to suceed I think understanding why Pod would follow her into those extremes will be important to a lot of viewers. This; I believe; is the intent of these scenes.
2046	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-15	I really like your analysis.
2047	lannistergold	2013-04-15	I thought the Pod scene was bunkum, but you've made good sense of it. Well done!
2048	Hoo	2013-04-15	Pod saved Tyrion's life.  What else is needed as far as confidentiality?
The full scene was more than just a brothel scene.  Tyrion took over as the master of coin and discoverd that LF had been borrowing money to keep things afloat.  That was important.
The brothel part was amuzing but unnencessary.
BTW, does Tyrion take over the brothel as well??
2049	kingpodrick	2013-04-15	nice analysis you got there. i love pod (quite obvious with my username) but like others it felt like they went overboard with the nudity + taking too much time. although i kinda agree with what you're saying that it would build up future Pod and Brienne quest.
2050	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Nice rationalisation. Convenient it managed to fill the Bare Nipple Minutes/Episode quota too!
2051	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-15	Spot on.
In short, the show needs a reason why Pod will be the only one not denying Tyrion at the Trial (in comparison to Shae - coerced - or Bronn - pragmatist). As the reason that will maybe be told afterwards ("Tyrion was the first person in my life taking an interest in me and not just using me") isn't enough and also would be a "tell" where this is a "show", it's important to state this early.
I'm really looking forward to Brienne and Pod (who I'd guess will only be very shortly on the road and instead start their investigations in Season 4 (and 5) in King's Landing)
2052	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	I like this take a lot. I also found the ideas that the whores didn't take the money "because the john was so amazing" 100% ridiculous. I kind of felt like something else had to be up. I like this explanation.
I had no problem with the multi-whore westerosi tentacle pore because it was about showing Tyrion paying his debts to Pod in an over the top manner so it will really make sense later when he stays loyal to the TV show watchers. 
It was the second part I thought was too inane and unworthy. Your take is what hope is true.
2053	Gannicus	2013-04-15	Good post Rebekah
2054	Greywolf2375	2013-04-15	Pod saved Tyrion's life.  What else is needed as far as confidentiality?The full scene was more than just a brothel scene.  Tyrion took over as the master of coin and discoverd that LF had been borrowing money to keep things afloat.  That was important.Yes, it was, but why did they need to include a brothel scene to bring this forward? The brothel part was amuzing but unnencessary.BTW, does Tyrion take over the brothel as well??Wasn't even really amusing IMO.   No, the brothel stays as LF since he owns it on his own, not as part of being master of coin.
2055	cybobbie	2013-04-15	Really good post Rebekah. I've got the feeling while watching the episode that Tyrion payed in advance as well because without this the scene would be pointless, however I didn't think about the reasons that you gave and didn't go far as you did on pointing Pod's travel with Brienne. I hope the writers really go this way.
2056	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Excellent post, and considering that it's your first, we have lots to look forward to as you become more active in the forum!  (And welcome to the forum, of course!)
I really liked your analysis and totally agree with the subtleties you brought up that went right above my head when I watched the show (three times!) last night.  When I read the books, I'll have to admit I didn't pay much attention to Pod.  Didn't pay much attention to lots of people/things, actually, because I was racing through so fast, just wanting to see what happened next. 
The scene later on (A Feast for Crows?) 
	Spoiler  where Pod and Brienne (and I can't remember who else - see how badly I'm remembering the details) are caught by the BWB and UnCat sentences them to hanging - it's when she sees Pod hung, I think, that Brienne shouts one word - that we still can only guess at. IL'm assuming that whatever she shouted out, it was enough to keep Pod and the other one from death by hanging.  In starting out on this forum later, I discovered just how 'noticed' and how valued and loved Pod was.  I'd thought of him kind of fondly before that, but not really appreciated him like I do now. 

Thank you for the thread!
2057	Gannicus	2013-04-15	Yes, it was, but why did they need to include a brothel scene to bring this forward?Apparently you didn't read the OP that carefully.Wasn't even really amusing IMO.Not everyone is going to love it, but everyone I was with seemed to get a kick out of it.
2058	Alice in Westeros	2013-04-15	I really like this idea. I love Pod, and I didn't mind him getting too much screen time so I really enjoyed this scene but it felt like I was missing something. I really like your explanation (Tyrion paying in advance) because the show's explanation felt a little ridiculous, even though it was hilarious. It also reminds me of what Jaime did (or pretended to do) with Tysha for Tyrion, and that would mean that Tyrion is creating a kind of brotherly bond with Pod, so I really like the possible implications /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2059	Javi Marcos	2013-04-15	I totally agree with the OP.
2060	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	I agree, on reflection. There's also teh fact that Tyrion loves Jaime because he believes Jaime did basically teh same thing as this for him. It is literally the biggest and most personal show of thanks and affection he can envisage
2061	Sun	2013-04-15	Instead what I took away from this was that Tyrion had paid the marker in advance. Probably directly to Ros, who runs the establishment. He put gold on the table and let Pod think that was payment. In a way it was grand theatre and Pod fell right in. The girls gave him back the money and told him what a good time they had with him, so much so that they wouldn't allow him to pay. He's confused and flattered but also a bit startled.It never occurred to me that it all could have been a pantomime of Tyrion's devising for Pod's benefit. It also works on another level in that it mimics what Tyrion "thinks" Jaime did for him when he was once young, inexperienced, and insecure.Very nice thought, Rebekah. Thank you.I wonder if it's occurred to the writers as well. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 02:17 PM.
2062	Sir Tony of Hibbert	2013-04-15	Personally my interpretation would be that Tyrion would never involve himself in such a deception with whores, having been on the receiving end of something similar himself.
Seemed to me that the gold given to Pod might have been a bribe from Littlefinger looking to get a spy close to Tyrion (especially with his earlier curiosity as to the identity of his whore). Pod being the honest sort he is decided to report it to Tyrion.
My theory anyway. I'll be intrigued to see if it plays out. I was worried the series was collapsing under the weight of all those characters in the first 2 episodes, but this was a return to form.
2063	Clariana	2013-04-15	Yes this is what I thought.  The gift is self-confidence.  With sex.I seems to me Tyrion also gets a lot of his self-confidence from sex... This is why Shae's betrayal was so shattering for him. Yes, in the books he's under no illusion that she's a harlot but I think he also deludes himself sometimes into thinking that maybe, just maybe, it might be something else. And Shae's ever-enthusiastic attitude in the books feeds into this self-delusion, Shae's a good whore, a good salesperson.When Tyrion discovers that Tysha was actually true and Shae was eventually false... He goes to pieces.
2064	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-16	Nice analysis, it might even go deeper than that, LF mentions that he owes a debt to Tyrion right at the same time Tyrion mentions he owes Pod his life. They could've worked out the idea before hand of Tyrion pretending to pay for the service then they give Pod's money back or LF could've decided afterwards as a way to pay Tyrion back. 
A long time ago Tyrion believes that Jaime did the a similar thing for him with Tysha. Tyrion mentions that he isn't nervous with Tysha etc. so I don't find this situation out of the ordinary for Tyrion doing the same thing with Pod.
Tyrion sees Pod as a shy boy just like he was and a way to get him out of his shell is to give him confidence.
2065	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	I had trouble believing book Pod would be that loyal to tyrion, I didnt think their bond was that great at all.  
Great post, i hadnt even considered.
Although I do think the scene was a bit long for that.
2066	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	I really like the OP, and want to still disagree in that it could have been done with less nudity, but....
The nudity did serve to emphasize Pod's inexperience and lack of confidence around women.  I'm not sure there is a way to have conveyed that without showing how truly awkward he felt as those women were displaying their wares.  And, it's a memorable scene because of that nudity, which may make it easier for viewers to understand later why Pod is so loyal to Tyrion.
2067	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I thought it was quite obvious that Tyrion had arranged it, but apparently I was in the minority. I just think the glances Ros gives Pod and the fact that Tyrion so blatently puts the purse down for Pod to see was done on purpose so that we know that
1) Ros is buttering him up because she knows of the plan
2) Pod needs to see the purse left by Tyrion to fully register that he supposedly try to pay for it.
I doubt they'd waste several minutes on a Pod is a rockstar in the sack joke. Still, great OP.
2068	Silverx2	2013-04-19	Completely agree with your assessment.
2069	King Tyrion I	2013-04-19	I think I'm one of the few people who wasn't irritated by the Podrick Brothel Scene, and it's led me to consider something about the way we as fans process this show. We have a habit of going over layers and layers of meaning in Martin's texts, of analyzing sometimes on a word-by-word basis. This works because Martin is so careful to not only write his story but to craft his presentation as meticulously as possible. We've developed a high degree of trust in Martin because of this - we take note of not only what is said but how.We as a fan base don't have that kind of faith in D&D, and tonight I think it's caused a lot of the fans to miss the point.If you look at Pod's scene in the brothel and the follow up gossiping as simple comic relief it comes off as superfluous and silly; more in the vein of a frat house comedy than Game of Thrones. But I don't think that's what D&D were doing at all. Like Martin I think they used this to establish some very important things about where two characters are at now and where they will be at later.First; Tyrion. We're told over and over again that "a Lannister always pays his debts." More often than not this is used as a threat or a goad to manipulate. Tyrion used it as a double entende with Mord in S1. When it is used as a promise 'help me and I will reward you' that usually means money, titles or land. Tonight I think Tyrion made good on his debt to Pod, and not with sex. With confidance.I don't believe for a second that three high class call girls refused their fee because a young untried boy was a talented or well-endowed lover. Even if he was phenominal in bed those girls would have to accept the coin. They could never explain to their bosses (Ros and Petyr Baelish) why they hadn't. In fact they would probably face severe consequences if they did. Besides if you are hired to perform a service you don't forgo your fee because you had a good time while doing your job. You count your blessings that your job was entertaining in stead of tedious or distasteful but you still except the fee-for-service.Instead what I took away from this was that Tyrion had paid the marker in advance. Probably directly to Ros, who runs the establishment. He put gold on the table and let Pod think that was payment. In a way it was grand theatre and Pod fell right in. The girls gave him back the money and told him what a good time they had with him, so much so that they wouldn't allow him to pay. He's confused and flattered but also a bit startled.Pod is a shy, nervous boy. He performs his duties not only admirably but thoroughly and oftentimes beyond the call, but his shy stutter and awkward social skills have overshadowed his quality service up until now. Now he's led to belive he has a talent that is appreciated for it's own sake. He returns Tyrion's money and is immediately put in the position of explaining to two highly sexually experienced men what he did that impressed theses whores so much that they couldn't bear to accept his coin.What Tyrion has given him in this is much more valuable than gold or sex. He's given Pod the means to feel confidant; to believe that he has innate talents and skills that are worthy of praise. He's found a way to try to make Pod start to see his own value.Right about now a lot of you are probably thinking "So what? Who cares about the confidence of Tyrion's squire? Do we need so much screentime on this? We should have more time for (insert Bran/Arya/Dany/etc. etc.)"But I think we do need to take the time for this.It probably won't happen until next season but Pod doesn't just disappear when Tyrion leaves KL. He goes off and tries to help Brienne in hops that by finding Sansa he will be able to find Tyrion. This shows a great deal of loyalty. A great deal. In the books we learn something about Pod's backstory that gives us a sense of why he might be so loyal but the screen hasn't been able to clearly do that.This gift of confidence creates a bond between Tyrion and Pod. Tyrion could have tried to reward Pod with a knighthood, gold, land, the usual suspects. Instead he took an interest in Pod as a person, almost as a little brother figure. Now when he turns up following Brienne the audience will have something to look back on and realize that Pod was more to Tyrion than a servant and Tyrion was more to Pod than an employer.This may be a minor point - after all we have limited screen time and a lot of people won't care why Pod is so eager to find Tyrion. However Brienne is going to spend a lot of next season traveling. It's very possible they will cut Ser Hyle from Brienne's storyline in the interest of money and time. If so then Pod will be her one stalwart companion on her hopeless quest to find Sansa. Since she's willing to go to extremes to suceed I think understanding why Pod would follow her into those extremes will be important to a lot of viewers. This; I believe; is the intent of these scenes.Great analysis. Well done. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
2070	StephenOfCloverfield	2013-04-19	Am I the only person who thinks he came back with the money because he didn't do anything?
2071	SerMixalot	2013-04-19	You people seem to be under the impression that D&D do subtle, they seem incapable of such.
Plus I would be surprised if we see much of Brienne and Pod's Useless Adventure
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 19 April 2013 - 04:51 PM.
2072	Khal Porno	2013-04-20	You people seem to be under the impression that D&D do subtle, they seem incapable of such.Well that's certainly not true, but whatever floats your boat.Anyway, I thought this scene was a funny, entertaining bit of levity to balance the seriousness of the rest of the episode and that there wasn't much more to it than that.I also don't know if Tyrion would manipulate Pod like that, he seems quite fond of him.
2073	Magjee	2013-04-20	Nice analysis, it might even go deeper than that, LF mentions that he owes a debt to Tyrion right at the same time Tyrion mentions he owes Pod his life. They could've worked out the idea before hand of Tyrion pretending to pay for the service then they give Pod's money back or LF could've decided afterwards as a way to pay Tyrion back.A long time ago Tyrion believes that Jaime did the a similar thing for him with Tysha. Tyrion mentions that he isn't nervous with Tysha etc. so I don't find this situation out of the ordinary for Tyrion doing the same thing with Pod.Tyrion sees Pod as a shy boy just like he was and a way to get him out of his shell is to give him confidence.BingoI thought that was what had happened as well.
2074	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-20	Am I the only person who thinks he came back with the money because he didn't do anything?I also thought this was the case at first, but then Pod said he did "things", and the only "thing" I can think of is that he had sex with them. Like the OP said I don't understand why the whores wouldn't take the money, as much as they enjoyed it. And I don't understand why Littlefinger wouldn't take Tyrion's money. So, I also thought that Tyrion paid in advance.Spoiler episode 4
	Spoiler I hate to ruin everybody's delusions, but Ran has already watched episode 4, and he said that the "Pod the God of Sex" subplot is just that. Pod is very good in bed, Tyrion didn't pay the whores, nobody paid the whores.
2075	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-20	Spoiler episode 4
	Spoiler I hate to ruin everybody's delusions, but Ran has already watched episode 4, and he said that the "Pod the God of Sex" subplot is just that. Pod is very good in bed, Tyrion didn't pay the whores, nobody paid the whores. 
I don't want to sound as a wishful thinker, but that plot may be developed even AFTER episode four! Although I seriously doubt it.
2076	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-20	nice analysis you got there. i love pod (quite obvious with my username) but like others it felt like they went overboard with the nudity + taking too much time. although i kinda agree with what you're saying that it would build up future Pod and Brienne quest.I love the OP's analysis of it and I love Podrick.  I think the scenes, along with allowing Tyrion to help build Pod's confidence, showed just what a likeable and precious young man he really is.  I like both BookPod and TVPod.In relation to the title, I do think it will also show why and how Brienne will eventually like and trust Pod and try to help him, in comparison to her mistrust of all others she'll meet on the road.  It was just also a way to show how, I think, older people who do notice Pod and give him a chance, do take him under their wing. Yeah, the tv scene served up the share of nudity, but I didn't see a problem with it.  It did add to the basic feeling of Tyrion and Pod responding to each other personally.  Just like in the books, Tyrion boosted Pod's belief in himself and his abilities with the naming of the Dornish Banners, the tv show had Tyrion show Pod personal appreciation, not just a reward.  I did LOVE how the girls right away were saying "He's handsome, you didn't tell us, he was handsome."  As a female, I have to say......if Tyrion really did pay the girls on the side, they did a damn good JOB, LOL, of faking their honest interest.I do think it served to quickly show some personal feeling between Pod and Tyrion, along with illustrating.....Podrick, both versions, is just PRECIOUS!!The OP is a well thought out way to look at it.  There are so many differences from book to screen, and I actually thought this was a cute difference, for a change.  The LittleFinger Dance Parties and Gratuitous Breast Interludes are NOT always so cute and full of meaning.  I thought this one was.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Fevre Dream, 20 April 2013 - 12:50 PM.
2077	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-20	I don't want to sound as a wishful thinker, but that plot may be developed even AFTER episode four! Although I seriously doubt it.MAYBE. Although I highly doubt it. Either way, that's what Ran said. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />But to be honest I don't like this subplot, and I cannot come with an explanation that would make sense to me.1. Pod is just really that good. Like the OP said, why would the whores refuse the money? Specially, why would Littlefinger's whores refuse the money? When he threatened Ros to sell her to a rich men who would "transform" her just for crying and making him lose money.2. Littlefinger owes a debt to Tyrion. In the show we have seen how greedy Littlefinger is, and how Tyrion doesn't save money. So why wouldn't Littlefinger take Tyrion's money? Besides, Littlefinger owes Tyrion nothing. You may say is because Tyrion rescued Ros, but it was Tyrion's fault in the first place. Also, he didn't release her. She was freed in episode 10 while Tyrion was in bed and hadn't gone out of his room because of his wounds. It wasn't thanks to Tyrion.3. Tyrion paid the whores in advance. Poor Pod, he is just being build up for disappointment. How would he feel when he fucks a whore again and she wants her money and tells him that he is just as good as any other man, or even worse? And who is gonna pay for all his whoring? Tyrion won't do it forever.  Would he?No matter how people explain this to me, it just makes no sense IMO.
2078	Khal Porno	2013-04-20	I would hardly call it a subplot.
2079	greensleeves	2013-04-21	Just thought I would reemphasize Ran's spoilers:
In episode 4 it is made clear that no one paid the whores.  Pod is a sex god that made these women forget their own interests and gladly put themselves in danger from Littlefinger.  That is the end of the joke.
2080	Khal Porno	2013-04-21	I hope not, I hope they keep it going.
2081	romantic	2013-04-24	Pod is one of the few utterly likable and thoroughly decent characters in the book/tv series, so I really like the OP. I wish my first post was as well-thought out.
2082	Logodnica	2013-04-24	I didn't have a chance to see the episode until last evening and based on the comments I expected some kind of extreme level of nudity. Not so. I think we have time to spend on the story of minor characters. 
I also really like your analysis and I think it will work well with Pd getting the confidence to abandon KL and look or Brienne and then convince her he wants to help
2083	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-15	if you told me that by the end of episode 3 hotpie has the creepiest most foreboding line in the show (not in books iirc) i wouldn't have believed it but alas that is where we are...
Hotpie: I ain't no stark of winterhell
Arya: It's winterfell...
Hotpie: Are you sure?
i created this topic for people who want to predict where the characters will end up by episode 10.
here is my list inconsequential order:
Tywin= Dead.
Joeffry= Dead.
Robb Stark= Dead.
Beric Dondarrion= finally Dead.
Lady Catelyn= Un-Dead
The Hound= left for Dead...
Lord Commander Mormont= do i even need to say it?
Ygritte= damn i wanna see them tittes & firecrotch before shes DEAD. most likely by a crow or falling off wall but could be JS
Ros=Dead
Shae=Dead
Sansa= with LF heading to fingers
Tyrion= heading to mopatis by means of Varys being forced by Jamie
Jorah= dismissed by danny
Theon=now Reek... but what is dead may never die but rises again harder & stronger. theon is dead as fuck
Arya= father dead, mother dead, thinks all brothers are dead(Robb/Bran/Rickon) & heading towards Braavos with needle...
Jon Snow= somehow gets back to Castle Black with Samwell & Gilly & monster & ghost. but sammy boys got a secret!
Stannis= the riteful king has arrived at the wall (which nobody currently is in charge of?) because valar dohaeris mfers! but Lord Bastard is running for the new 998th LC fools
Bran= heading towards Bloodraven
Samwell= with jon. brought his new woman & her lil monster
Melisandre= at the wall & meets her new bf Lord Snow
Varys= ? i have no idea
had to do a lil bit of an edit. i might have been singing the song of smoke with some COTF when i made it but now its all good
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 05:15 PM.
2084	Farco Sterling	2013-04-15	You are going to get very disapointed when you realize that SOS was split in half and the third is the first half of the book, which will end with Dany in Meereen and the aftermath of the red wedding (probably Un-Cat for season 4)
2085	Foune	2013-04-15	They're gonna do 2 seasons from SoS, just as I have 2 books from SoS.
2086	tito5601	2013-04-15	this list is for season 4 lol
2087	Dove	2013-04-15	Ah, yes, the Starks of Winterhell... and their sigil, the tumor-ridden tricerawolf.
But yeah, it looks like they're splitting things off shortly after the RW. A lot of the events in your list won't come to pass until the 4th season, probably.
2088	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-15	well i know i'm right about tywin,joeffry,robb. intro beric kill beric you get uncat so thats in the bag. arya in braavos for season 4 so hound left for dead after RW is happening.
LC mormont shae ros ygritte are all gone. sorry peeps and the other stuff is bound to happen as jon gets over wall to meet bran. i think everything i said will happen so where u people think im missing?
reminder show & books are seperate entities
List for season 4 gets us completely caught up to book 5: Tyrion & Jorah, Arya & FM in braavos, Dany in Meereen, Sansa & LF in the Vale with lil boy mcshakey,Jon as LC with stannis mance & melisandre,intro of greyjoys & martells & aegon, brienne on quest with pod, jamie vs stoneheart, cersei vs marge with others as well but you get the picture. season 4 will put us even with the story as it CURRENTLY stands
Game of Thrones,Clash of Kings, Storm of Swords, Feast for Crows, Dance of Dragons, Winds of Winter, Dreams of Spring. that is seven books. hbo will fit all of that into 6 if we are lucky 7 seasons. while we are only three seasons in the show has gotta keep pace. the way most of you describe how you would like or think events will take place would put the show at 10 11 seasons which would be completley unfeasable
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 15 April 2013 - 11:26 PM.
2089	victim	2013-04-16	The RW is in episode 9, so I don't see how they could cover both Joffrey AND Tywin dying in episode 10.
2090	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	the royal wedding will take place before or on 9. tyrion gets released by jamie & kills tywin/shae in 10
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 02:09 AM.
2091	callmedodge	2013-04-16	You propose they kill of Robb and Joff in the same episode?
If so, I`m sorry but I`m glad you`re not making the show.
2092	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	the royal wedding will take place before or on 9. tyrion gets released by jamie & kills tywin/shae in 10 /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
2093	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	You propose they kill of Robb and Joff in the same episode?If so, I`m sorry but I`m glad you`re not making the show.uhh i did not propose that... if you can read i said i think the royal wedding (Purple Wedding to book readers) will happen before episode 9 & this means before the Red Wedding. we will get sansa/tyrion being wed secretly after Tywin discovers QoT plot to marry her to Loras. then Royal wedding were Tyrion is framed for killing joff/letting sansa his bride escape ( when these actions were actually done by QoT/LF). then in the season finale we get jamie taking varys hostage & releasing tyrion where he then kills his father/shae. is it really that difficult for people to understand?also if the RW is happening in episode 9 then in episode 10 we will def get Un-Cat showing up by means of Beric fire kissthe season finale will have tyrion killing tywin with somebody's crossbow. anybody recall this season where we might have seen one? its called foreshadowing and for this to happen joff must already be dead. sorry if this messes with the book storyline but shit has to be moved around to make stuff fit. tyrion killing his father is the only logical finale that will have the show end on the right note. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  i assume your doing this because you disagree but let us argue with words!
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 03:56 AM.
2094	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  i assume your doing this because you disagree but let us argue with words!K, let's try it with words.On the Dany front we need to see her taking control of the Unsullied, raid Astapor, leave the city, march to the next slaver city, rinse and repeat, march again until we get to Meereen. The 8 episode is called "The Second Sons"....so we meet Daario Naharis, the tenth is Mhysa...so they have a lot of Dany in them, her meeting with the mercenary leaders, the fallout with her commanders and their  trek through the sewers, and her triumphal conquest of Meereen(and the Mhysa) ...although I think they started calling her Mhysa even after Yunkai,, so maybe they can leave Meereen for the next season.Jon and the North. So far I think Pod, Bronn, Marg, QoT and even Locke had more lines than him, so he'll have to reunite with Ghost, piss off Orell even more, become drinking budies with Thormund, becoming 'buddies' with Igritte as well, climb the Wall(episode 6), have a fight, probably make it back to Castle Black.Sansa will dream a little about marrying Loras(no need for another Tyrell character), spill the beans to Shae/Dontos, get married to Tyrion instead, visit the godswood, receive the loaded gun, get ready for the wedding.Arya will meet Beric in episode 5, is kidnapped by the Hound in the same episode or the next,  gets her Needle back in 7/8 and is just in time for the RW in 9. Maybe she will realize she need to get out of town, or in her case Westeros, and is on the ship to Braavos by episode 10.On the Stannis front, Mel will be with BWB in episode 5, take Gendry to Dragonstone for a good leeching, we have some Davos in the dark, he's named Hand of the King, some writing/reading lessons, probably going for the Wall by the end of the series.Jaime will cry for a while, get a nice bath, have a little chat with Roose, gets released, but returns for his close-up with the maiden vs bear match in episode 8(not much time for him to return to KS, meet fake Arya, the KG, see the swords, have his new hand, meet with Tyrion, release him, etc, especially since the next two episodes are Stark and Dany centered).Bran will go north, something will happen that will make Osha and Rickon part ways from the rest of the group. More Bran-Jojen interaction, Meera hunting, maybe that fellow that helps them with some food in the woods, maybe a little sighting of Jon and the end will probably have him shaking hands with Coldhands...although think that will be in the next season as well.We will also have some more Teon/Ramsay action, and I hope that by the end of the season most people will realize that Ramsay is not as cute as they first thought.Tyrion will also institute the penny tax on whoring, which will also add roughly 5-10 minutes of naked boobies, witch means less time for some real action.In order for us to have the wedding by episode 8-9, we need to see:-some Shae-Tyrion action, and some Sansa-Tyrion inaction-bard pisses off Tyrion, so of course we'll have some bard stew, and 5-10 minutes Bronn-Tyrion conversation-the preparations for the wedding itself-Oberyn notice the bold. They can't have ASoIaF without Oberyn bloody Martell. Or without some serious Oberyn vs Tyrion friendly or not so much banter.-of course the guy has an entire entourage...presentations, yada yada yada-the wedding itself, with 77 courses, jousting dwarfs, Joff killed by hot pie(not The Hot Pie), yelling, screaming, bla bla bla...this will take a full episode at least-Tyrion is arrested, we have a trial...again, that is a long one, with many witnesses,  Tyrion is found guilty.-Jaime does a lot of stuff, decides to free Tyrion and is moronic enough to tell him the truth about Tywin and his wife.-Tyrion-Tywin banter...the end.There isn't enough time for all  of this.Oberyn will probably arrive in KL in season 4...I saw all the new characters in season 3, and he wasn't among them.The end scene...Mance advancing on the Wall, after he builds the greatest fire the north has ever seen, or Arya on a ship to Braavos, Dany deciding she'll learn to rule in Meereene, or marching towards the city with her much larger dragons and huge army in tow.I don't think we'll see the PW this season, let alone the death of Tywin Lannister. But that's just me.EDIT: Totally forgot about Robb. He has to chop Kastark's head off, have some alone time with his wife, go to war again, tricks the Lann with the help of his direwolf, wins more battles in the Lannisters back yard, returns to Riverrun, has to prepare for the weding, marches to the Twins, makes a little will on the way(some banter with Cat), the arrival, banter with the Old Frey, the marriage and the feast, not to mention The Rains of Castamere.
					
					
							Edited by Xcorpyo001, 16 April 2013 - 05:01 AM.
2095	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-16	So glad you're not a show writer (nor a fortune teller). Cripes.
2096	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	So glad you're not a show writer (nor a fortune teller). Cripes. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Knew I should have let it go at /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />But seriously now, there is no time for all of that in the next 7 episodes.
2097	Alexander Stark	2013-04-16	Wow
2098	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	WowPlease, try answering with (more) words. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2099	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	i think episode 10 would have something good for the viewers. Prhaps Joff dying or cat resurrected.
2100	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	Yes, the rise of Un-Cat could do for a nice ending, but I wouldn't consider it a good thing.
They'll probably have to skip the Nymeria part though and have Beric fish her out of the river.
2101	The Flaying Man	2013-04-16	uhh i did not propose that... if you can read i said i think the royal wedding (Purple Wedding to book readers) will happen before episode 9 & this means before the Red Wedding. we will get sansa/tyrion being wed secretly after Tywin discovers QoT plot to marry her to Loras. then Royal wedding were Tyrion is framed for killing joff/letting sansa his bride escape ( when these actions were actually done by QoT/LF). then in the season finale we get jamie taking varys hostage & releasing tyrion where he then kills his father/shae. is it really that difficult for people to understand?also if the RW is happening in episode 9 then in episode 10 we will def get Un-Cat showing up by means of Beric fire kissthe season finale will have tyrion killing tywin with somebody's crossbow. anybody recall this season where we might have seen one? its called foreshadowing and for this to happen joff must already be dead. sorry if this messes with the book storyline but shit has to be moved around to make stuff fit. tyrion killing his father is the only logical finale that will have the show end on the right note. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  i assume your doing this because you disagree but let us argue with words!I don't think using "if you can read" as an argument is accurate if your posts are actually a pain to read. There is a significant lack of punctuation and grammar to say the least.
					
					
							Edited by The Flaying Man, 16 April 2013 - 06:48 AM.
2102	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	When will Oberyn come. Hope they cast him the way i have pictured him
2103	-Ghost-	2013-04-16	Lol if you really think all thats gonna happen in season 3. The show will also not be cought up with the book after next season. George already said most of next season is from aSoS. aFfC and the first half of aDwD that runs parallel with it could be 2 seasons before even getting to the second half of aDwD.
2104	Tyrion4President	2013-04-16	the royal wedding will take place before or on 9. tyrion gets released by jamie & kills tywin/shae in 10its not happening. Its already been confirmed by D&D and GRRM that Season 3 is only half of SOS.
2105	Starq	2013-04-16	End of season three:
- Aftermath of RW; people of the 7 kingdoms learn of the RW. The War is pretty much over.
- We briefly see Arya and The Hound, just so that viewers know that Arya is alive.
- Jon has defended the Wall from Tormund and co... Ygritte is dead. The last scene we see of the wall is the giant fire Mance said he'd light, which means the Battle at the Wall will be at the beginning of Season 4.
- Dany, with her Unsullied, makes her way to the other Slaver cities.
- Sansa, now married to Tyrion, remains in KL. I'm guessing the PW will happen in Season 4 so Tyrion is still doing his thing.
2106	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	Completely unrealistic expectations. More likely something like:
Tyrion and Sansa very uncomfortably married, especially after Sansa hears about the RW. Tywin still alive and in charge, trying to marry off Cersei - if only somebody would have her. Plans being made for Joffrey's wedding.
Robb and Catelyn dead. Possible introduction of Lady Stoneheart, but that's far from certain. Arya either on the run with the Hound, or leaving him in the dust after the fight at the inn.
Jon probably at Castle Black, with Ygritte dying in the last episode. Bran and company perhaps on the north side, perhaps not. Presumably Rickon will have been sent off in a different direction. Theon (re)captured and in the process of being tortured and flayed.
Dany probably takes Yunkai in the last episode.
Season 4 will have the PW, Meereen, introduction of the Martells, Stannis at the Wall, and Jon becoming LC.
2107	Iotun	2013-04-16	A lot of your predictions suggest the season will end at the end of the book. That won't happen. There's no way Tyrion for example will be on his way to Illyrio, or that Mel will be at the wall. The season will end after the Red and Purple Weddings (this week's episode practically sealed the PW being in this season), the first battle at the wall, and the taking of Yunkai. Probably UnCat as well, whose reveal I think would make for a great final scene.
2108	sandorswallow	2013-04-16	The guy who plays Pycelle already leaked Tywin's death, so my guess is Tyrion uses Joff's crossbow to kill Tywin this season, and his trial next season will be for killing his father, not his nephew.
A big change, I know, but it makes sense for the show runners: Joff will be around for season 4 as he is a fan favourite, whereas I imagine Charles Dance costs a lot more and if they move his death forwards, why the hell not. Also makes a logical end to Tyrion's arc...
2109	Iotun	2013-04-16	The guy who plays Pycelle already leaked Tywin's death, so my guess is Tyrion uses Joff's crossbow to kill Tywin this season, and his trial next season will be for killing his father, not his nephew.A big change, I know, but it makes sense for the show runners: Joff will be around for season 4 as he is a fan favourite, whereas I imagine Charles Dance costs a lot more and if they move his death forwards, why the hell not. Also makes a logical end to Tyrion's arc...He hasn't. I watched the interview with him, he's talking about the book death. I think in another interview charle's implied he's waiting for his death scene next year.
2110	Biobiwan	2013-04-16	Troll Thread
2111	Biobiwan	2013-04-16	Charles Dance has apparently read some of his script for season 4, so if this is true, he probably doesn't die this season.  Unless he plays a different character next season. 
Now that sounds stupid, doesn't it?
2112	sandorswallow	2013-04-16	Charles Dance has apparently read some of his script for season 4, so if this is true, he probably doesn't die this season.  Unless he plays a different character next season.Now that sounds stupid, doesn't it?I hope so, I want more of Charles Dance!
2113	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-16	You are going to get very disapointed when you realize that SOS was split in half and the third is the first half of the book, which will end with Dany in Meereen and the aftermath of the red wedding (probably Un-Cat for season 4)I agree, except for Uncat: I think the title of the last episode of the series (Mhysa=mother) is about her
2114	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Knew I should have let it go at /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />But seriously now, there is no time for all of that in the next 7 episodes.thank you for going into more detail it is much appreciated... i think that the trial will be cut out (i DONT want it cut out but i just think it will be). Tyrion will kill Tywin with joff's crossbow this season (as well as strangle shae)! so that means he is on a boat towards mopatis by end of episode 10.if the show continues in popularity how many seasons are you predicting? no matter how great the show is doing hbo will limit the series to at most 6 if we are lucky 7 seasons. to allow time for GRRM to finish books and fit it into the show. WE CANT HAVE EVERYTHING so the pacing of the show must be sped up & the story MUST be altered to fit tv viewers. most people want everything to happen straight from the books without any deviation & that would put the show at like 11+ seasons which is impossible.its not happening. Its already been confirmed by D&D and GRRM that Season 3 is only half of SOS.feel free to post a link to said quote of D&D & GRRM where they explictly descibe how much of ASoS season 3 will cover. im really getting bothered by people saying that the Royal/Purple wedding is season 4 stuff. you think they started mentioning it in s02e10 only to push it into season 4? not loigical & too much foreshadowing that it will happen soon... season 3 will end most if not all ASoS storylinesA Feast for Crows picks up the tale where A Storm of Swords left off and runs simultaneously with events in the following novel, A Dance with Dragons. The War of the Five Kings seems to be winding down. Robb Stark, Joffrey Baratheon, Renly Baratheon and Balon Greyjoy are dead. King Stannis Baratheon has fled to the Wall, where Jon Snow has become Lord Commander. King Tommen Baratheon, Joffrey's eight-year-old brother, now rules in King's Landing under the watchful eye of his mother, the Queen Regent Cersei Lannister. Lord Tywin Lannister is dead, murdered by his son Tyrion in his flight from the city. Sansa Stark is in hiding in the Vale, protected by Petyr Baelish who has murdered his wife Lysa Arryn and named himself Protector of the Vale and guardian of eight-year-old Lord Robert Arryn.while not exactly true to show that sounds like a description of season 4 after THIS current seasons events take place. you make AFFC & ADWD as one season like the should be. You intro Martells, Greyjoys & Aegon because so many people will be dead by end of this season.
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 02:49 PM.
2115	Reposado	2013-04-16	if the show continues in popularity how many seasons are you predicting? no matter how great the show is doing hbo will limit the series to at most 6 if we are lucky 7 seasons. to allow time for GRRM to finish books and fit it into the show. WE CANT HAVE EVERYTHING so the pacing of the show must be sped up & the story MUST be altered to fit tv viewers. most people want everything to happen straight from the books without any deviation & that would put the show at like 11+ seasons which is impossible.the books will not be close to finished by the time the show wraps. my prediction is 7 seasons. 3 and 4 mostly asos, 5 and 6 are affc/dwd with say 2-5 episodes at the end of 6 being post adwd. then season 7 they put their own end on the story. i could see 8 as well.in either case, it ends before book 6 comes out
2116	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	the books will not be close to finished by the time the show wraps. my prediction is 7 seasons. 3 and 4 mostly asos, 5 and 6 are affc/dwd with say 2-5 episodes at the end of 6 being post adwd. then season 7 they put their own end on the story. i could see 8 as well.in either case, it ends before book 6 comes outnot sure you are right about that... so Winds of Winter will most likely be released sometime before season 4 in 2014. that means if D/D&GRRM do it right season 5 in 2015 or season 6 in 2016 will cover WoW & by 2017/2018 we should have a Dream of Spring & its up in the air how they choose to finish it (ive heard whispers of a hbo/grrm/D&D full length feature movie for dream of spring or was that the false spring?). but that is pushing it as the show might decline in popularity... OR it might become the most watched/critically aclaimed show HBO has ever had & we get everything we want
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 04:43 PM.
2117	shiola	2013-04-16	Oh my god this thread and OP.
2118	-Ghost-	2013-04-16	feel free to post a link to said quote of D&amp;D &amp; GRRM where they explictly descibe how much of ASoS season 3 will cover.Straight from GRRM himself on his not a blog"Most of season four will be drawn from the third book, A STORM OF SWORDS, though some material from the fourth and fifth books may be added. Books four and five, remember, take place simultaneously, not sequentially."http://grrm.livejour...48704#t17548704
2119	juanml82	2013-04-16	I think they are building the PW for this season. Out of necessity, it has to be episode 10, as it's after the RW. However, I think it will end with Joffrey being, ahem, patted in the back. That creates a cliffhanger for Tyrion and Sansa. And Oberyn won't be there - they won't introduce the character so late in the seasonI also hope they get to show a bit about Nymeria. The show confirmed Bran is a warg, hinted Robb is as well and it's likely to suggest Jon is another. Nymeria, besides establishing Arya's anchor, can also hint Arya is a warg. We won't get to see a parallel to Arya wondering where is the village's gold this season, though, and I wonder how and if they'll show something like that. I think Arya will show her iron coin by the beginnings of next season - since her stay across the pond isn't linked to the rest of the stories, I'm not sure how much they can stretch it in the show
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 16 April 2013 - 05:37 PM.
2120	shiola	2013-04-16	Ending the season in the middle of Joffrey coughing is a stupid cliffhanger.
The PW isn't this season.  I don't see why it matters so much that it isn't.
2121	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	I also hope they get to show a bit about Nymeria. The show confirmed Bran is a warg, hinted Robb is as well and it's likely to suggest Jon is another. Nymeria, besides establishing Arya's anchor, can also hint Arya is a warg. We won't get to see a parallel to Arya wondering where is the village's gold this season, though, and I wonder how and if they'll show something like that. I think Arya will show her iron coin by the beginnings of next season - since her stay across the pond isn't linked to the rest of the stories, I'm not sure how much they can stretch it in the showi hope you are right about this. the show has gotta start explaining more magic & the stark children being wargs is important to the overall song of ice & fire@ vis: so what are your cliffhangers for joff tywin tyrion?
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 06:03 PM.
2122	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	Straight from GRRM himself on his not a blog"Most of season four will be drawn from the third book, A STORM OF SWORDS, though some material from the fourth and fifth books may be added. Books four and five, remember, take place simultaneously, not sequentially."http://grrm.livejour...48704#t17548704there is no doubt in my mind that he said it thanks for the link. but why would he say this? seems like false whispers to me
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 07:27 PM.
2123	-Ghost-	2013-04-16	there is no doubt in my mind that he said it thanks for the link. but why would he say this? seems like false whispers to meBecause he was askedGuilherme Bauer Apr. 6th, 2013 11:15 pm (UTC)Season four will be the events from book four and five or just Feast of crows? Love the show and the books. A fan from Brazil.Link | Reply | Thread grrm Apr. 7th, 2013 05:19 am (UTC)Most of season four will be drawn from the third book, A STORM OF SWORDS, though some material from the fourth and fifth books may be added. Books four and five, remember, take place simultaneously, not sequentially.http://grrm.livejour...page=2#commentsIt's not "false whispers", it's the truth. George has already written and handed in his episode for season 4 so I'm sure he knows what hes talking about. AFfC and aDwD take place simultaneously and could be 2 seasons before even getting to the second half of aDwD where everything comes together. There is absolutely no way the show will be caught up to the book after season 4. 3 - 4 more seasons to finish to the end of where we are now is more likely.
2124	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	if you know anything (keep in mind i know nothing) after a storm of swords grrm had trouble writing his next book. he intended to call it a dance of dragons & it would fast forward the story 5 years to advance the characters ages but he came to realize that this had him giving to many flash backs to fill in the gaps. so he scrapped it and rewrote a feast for crows that picks up immedietely after a storm of swords with a dance of dragons telling the pov's of characters not in a feast for crows. so notice in the quote he BOLDS a storm of swords & says there will possibly be elements of all three in S4. that makes no sense... sounds like a meerenese knot
his first three books came out 2 years after the previous. so if he somewhat gets back on that schedule then book 6 will come out 2014 with the final book seven in 2016/2017.
so bookwise GoT(1996)CoK(1998)SoS(2000)AFfC(2005)aDoD(2011 wtf G?)WoW(2014)DoS(2016/2017)
what im thinking showise S1 2011(GoT/CoK) S2 2012(CoK/SoS) S3 2013(SoS) S4 2014(AFFC/aDoD) S5 2015 (AFFC/aDoD/WoW) S6  2016(WoW/DoS) S7 2017(DoS)
so you are saying because a random fan from brazil shows up on his personal journal & asks him for inside info on the plans for the HBO storyline that he must give a truthful answer? nevermind what i said at the beginning of this post, you are the one that knows nothing!
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 07:50 PM.
2125	shiola	2013-04-16	the trolling was funny for a bit but now i'm concerned that you may actually be so deluded.
2126	-Ghost-	2013-04-16	Or, hear me out, cause this is a little crazy, it could be that because it's common knowledge that aSoS was going to be split between 2 seasons and he isn't actually giving out inside info at all. You seem quite confused considering you said we would be caught up to where we are currently after next season a few posts ago and now saying it will take 2 more seasons. Troll ThreadObviously, this was correct. My fault for waisting my own time.
					
					
							Edited by -Ghost-, 16 April 2013 - 08:11 PM.
2127	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	Or, hear me out, cause this is a little crazy, it could be that because it's common knowledge that aSoS was going to be split between 2 seasons and he isn't actually giving out inside info at all. You seem quite confused considering you said we would be caught up to where we are currently after next season a few posts ago and now saying it will take 2 more seasons.confused? rarely... i said we would be caught up to book 5 in season 4 (did i say we would finish the aFfC/aDoD storyline. no i didnt) & if i read your link correctly its common knowledge. as to being a troll? you two have a combined 1000 post on this website so maybe you guys spend to much time here. thanks for visiting my thread.as to charles dance saying he cant wait to start filming season 4 a month before season 3 comes out... no shit he wants people to think he is untouchable this season
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 09:15 PM.
2128	Kasrith	2013-04-16	well i know i'm right about tywin,joeffry,robb. intro beric kill beric you get uncat so thats in the bag. arya in braavos for season 4 so hound left for dead after RW is happening.Um, I think you're way off here, but I do applaud your enthusiasm of "being right regardless"
2129	shiola	2013-04-16	tell me more about this charles dance conspiracy, how he misleads the fans.
2130	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	lol really? i thought it was self-explanatory but here it is for shits & giggles. so you tell people at a S2dvd release that you can't wait to read the script & film your scenes for S4 knowing your already dead. i still think he dies this season /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
2131	shiola	2013-04-16	i had never heard the theory before so i wanted to make sure i was understanding it right.  sneaky bastard, just what i'd expect from the man who plays tywin.  i wonder how it will change the plot, to have him executed so quickly after the red wedding?  will we have more time to find out where whores go?
2132	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-16	yea my predictions are def in the minority on this forum. but its my personal belief that if a show mentions a "royal wedding" for 4 straight episodes going back to season 2 then it will most likely occur in season 3 (I think maybe a double date style wedding could happen!)
if we get PW before RW then tywin is dead
also tyrion will find shae hanging above his bed at somepoint & go find daddy to get his revenge! its being set up to happen this season i promise. "hands of gold are always cold" takes on a new meaning if tywin knocks off shae & gives tyrion more of a reason to do it
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 16 April 2013 - 11:59 PM.
2133	Broken Fox	2013-04-16	Dance will return next season as Bob Lannister, Tywin's twin brother. He lives in Essos and will become Dany's Hand. Don't ask me how I know this.
2134	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-17	the books will not be close to finished by the time the show wraps. my prediction is 7 seasons. 3 and 4 mostly asos, 5 and 6 are affc/dwd with say 2-5 episodes at the end of 6 being post adwd. then season 7 they put their own end on the story. i could see 8 as well.in either case, it ends before book 6 comes out /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2135	ShigellaSand	2013-04-17	There's nothing like being so sure you're right that even evidence to the contrary becomes more proof that you're right...
2136	Tyrion4President	2013-04-17	feel free to post a link to said quote of D&D & GRRM where they explictly descibe how much of ASoS season 3 will cover. im really getting bothered by people saying that the Royal/Purple wedding is season 4 stuff. you think they started mentioning it in s02e10 only to push it into season 4? not loigical & too much foreshadowing that it will happen soon... season 3 will end most if not all ASoS storylineshttp://screenrant.co...ils-aco-160936/there is the link you requested
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion4President, 17 April 2013 - 01:04 PM.
2137	Tyrion4President	2013-04-17	yea my predictions are def in the minority on this forum. but its my personal belief that if a show mentions a "royal wedding" for 4 straight episodes going back to season 2 then it will most likely occur in season 3 (I think maybe a double date style wedding could happen!)if we get PW before RW then tywin is deadalso tyrion will find shae hanging above his bed at somepoint & go find daddy to get his revenge! its being set up to happen this season i promise. "hands of gold are always cold" takes on a new meaning if tywin knocks off shae & gives tyrion more of a reason to do itThey have mentioned dany getting back to westeros and taking back her throne since season 1, u see any sign of this happening anytime soon?
2138	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-17	haha nice link but if that's what you are going on to discredit my predictions then i have nothing to worry about. yea i think danny & aegon get married next season & take dragonstone from stannis.
the only reason Oberyn Martell/Tyrion Lannister dynamic is important in Storm of Swords is because he represents him in trial by combat. anybody who can replace him? try Bronn. who will he fight? the mountain that rides. who wins? bronn. who brings mountain back to life? idk maybe that dude Qyburn we met in episdoe 1. this will be futher developed in season 4 but you can have him fight Oberyn then if you want.
episode 8 mentions a wedding in KL. i think we might get a double Tyrion & Sansa / Joff & Marge
joff dies & sansa escapes with tyrion thrown in dungeons. in episode 9 & 10 we will get a trail by combat to save tyrion but Cersei/Tywin refuse to let him go after bronn kills mountain.
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 17 April 2013 - 09:11 PM.
2139	AliKat	2013-04-19	Oh my god this thread and OP.I'm still laughing over someone saying Joffrey was a fan favorite.  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />The PW is going to be S4. No way they'd put all 3 weddings in this season (don't forget Tyrion/Sansa) Also keep in mind they'll try not to have actors around for just one episode next season unless they're important ones (like Tywin, Joff, etc) so if they can get rid of them this season rather than having them in S4E1, they will. And not planning on new characters in the final episode when they could introduce them next season. I agree that Ygritte will probably die this season in the battle for Castle Black and the battle for the Wall will be next season. The Martells will be next season so Tyrion has to be around for that. So naturally Joffrey's still alive and is Tywin. Why would they change the whole story to kill Joffrey before Robb OP? Part of the horror that Sansa is enduring is because she's forced into marriage and her whole family is slaughtered - a fact that the queen and Joffrey took great pleasure in and Tyrion was sympathetic to her about. I think RW is E9 and fall out is E10. Castle Black might be E9 or E10. I'm surprised at how quickly Jon is going to climb the Wall but maybe they'll stretch out the journey a little longer than one episode. He still needs to get laid. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2140	AliKat	2013-04-19	haha nice link but if that's what you are going on to discredit my predictions then i have nothing to worry about. yea i think danny & aegon get married next season & take dragonstone from stannis.the only reason Oberyn Martell/Tyrion Lannister dynamic is important in Storm of Swords is because he represents him in trial by combat. anybody who can replace him? try Bronn. who will he fight? the mountain that rides. who wins? bronn. who brings mountain back to life? idk maybe that dude Qyburn we met in episdoe 1. this will be futher developed in season 4 but you can have him fight Oberyn then if you want.episode 8 mentions a wedding in KL. i think we might get a double Tyrion & Sansa / Joff & Margejoff dies & sansa escapes with tyrion thrown in dungeons. in episode 9 & 10 we will get a trail by combat to save tyrion but Cersei/Tywin refuse to let him go after bronn kills mountain.WHAT? If they didn't have Oberyn fighting The Mountain - then you missed the whole point of why he volunteered. He wanted to avenge his sister. He used a poisoned weapon otherwise the Mountain probably would have lived. And how many kings would have a double wedding with their less than popular uncle??
2141	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-20	WHAT? If they didn't have Oberyn fighting The Mountain - then you missed the whole point of why he volunteered. He wanted to avenge his sister. He used a poisoned weapon otherwise the Mountain probably would have lived. And how many kings would have a double wedding with their less than popular uncle??lol none of the stuff i say makes any sense because i KNOW nothing. i just wanna see tyrion kill tywin with the crossbow this season so he can be doing his essos story arc next season. im sure ill proved wrong by episode 8 but until then i wont give up hope
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 20 April 2013 - 12:49 AM.
2142	shiola	2013-04-20	yea i think danny & aegon get married next season & take dragonstone from stannis.Do tell
2143	Rhasgul	2013-04-21	Are you guys serious? GRRM is THE legend who wrote ASoIaF. Littlefinger, Tywin, Varys and Tyrion all sprouted out of his genius, twisted, scheming mind!
Obviously all the hints he gives us about the book and show parallels are fake. He also instructed all actors to talk about their roles in interviews as if it would be making some sense, but in fact the genius part is the parallel makes NO sense at all! How could you all have missed this? It's clear when you read chapters 6, 7, 9, 22, 53, 72 and 135 in GoT, 136 in aCoK and 1 to 325 with the exception of 253 of aSoS. 
Clearly Tyrion will get married to Sansa in episode 6, find out she cheated on him with Tywin and Bronn later on. The Mountain will fight for him and justice in a duel vs Bronn (which replaces Oberyn's bad fight) and he'll knock out Joff while riding Pretty Pig, which he stole from Penny. This way he can steal Joff's crossbow, use it to kill Jaime (who is useless without a hand anyway), steal his sword and hide it in Tywins toilet. Tywin will then go to the privy after doing the horizontal tango with Shae and the sword will pierce his bowels from the inside out, where the phrase 'he shits gold' becomes true as a gold sword sticks out of his arse as he dies! Furthermore Shae is obiously so in love with Tywin she organises a coup in order to bannish Tyrion from Westeros.
Robby and Cat die but get revived as Un-Cat and the UN-WOLFHEADMANMONSTER so they can take their revenge on the Freys.
And yes, Dany dies but gets revived (lots of red priests over there so that's cool right?), finds Aegon and hops on Drogon to get her throne.
Also, this is a troll thread, anyone seriously trying to discuss their opinion is as foolish as the OP.
2144	shiola	2013-04-21	I really enjoyed this thread though
2145	Rhasgul	2013-04-22	I really enjoyed this thread thoughLikewise ^^ I saw some people getting a little too winded up over nothing tho
2146	shiola	2013-04-22	Likewise ^^ I saw some people getting a little too winded up over nothing thoThat's why I love the internet sometimes, haha
2147	go joff go	2013-04-14	I laughed pretty hard when the guy saving Theon said we need to hurry, Winter is coming.
2148	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Bronn calling Littlefinger "Lord Twatbeard"
2149	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	I think the intentionally most comical moment was the last scene with Pod /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
"We're going to need details... Copious... details."
 /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
Okay, it's out of character and invented for the show, but still funny as hell /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2150	Dove	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shit
2151	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I don't think Pod actually slept with them. He seems far too awkward around them, and to have him suddenly become "Podrick the Bigdick" is like something straight out of a high school movie, where the nerd becomes a sex god. I interpreted the scene as Pod rejecting their advances, and just lying to Tyrion and Bronn that he slept with them.
2152	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	But still managing to troll Bron and Tyrion enough /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2153	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-15	I don't think Pod actually slept with them. He seems far too awkward around them, and to have him suddenly become "Podrick the Bigdick" is like something straight out of a high school movie, where the nerd becomes a sex god. I interpreted the scene as Pod rejecting their advances, and just lying to Tyrion and Bronn that he slept with them.I'm pretty sure the idea was that Tyrion paid Ros extra so that they would pretend that he was awesome and give the money back?
2154	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	The look on Dany's face when Krayzns kept calling her a slut. I thought it was funny because WE know that she fully understands. I wonder if/when they will let that one out for the viewers. I kept imagining his face being burnt off by Drogon
also:
- You little bastard!
- Winter is coming
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 04:35 AM.
2155	greensleeves	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitAgree.  This was an awesome scene.
2156	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	hot pie : my brother aint no king. i am no stark of winterhell.
arya : its winterfelllll
 hot pie : you sure ??
 arya : yes i m sure
2157	Nezzer	2013-04-15	I think seeing Ramsay saying "Winter is coming" was hilarious. Such a big troll /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2158	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitI agree, I was giggling almost from the start and laughing out loud by the end. The facial expressions on the lot of them sold it all really well. All of the actions and reactions so pitch perfect for each character too. I love it when shows can say so much about their characters, without saying anything.
2159	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	that Tyrion scene with the small council where he drags the chair was fucking hilarious
2160	victim	2013-04-15	I laughed out loud at Hot Pie's "Winterhell... are you sure?" lines.
2161	Wonder	2013-04-15	Noticing the similarities between the guy holding Jaime hostage and Vargo Hoat, I couldn't help but laugh when him and Jaime have their conversation and he replies "hard to argue with twath" - it was the only time I noticed his speech slur....
2162	Kaitscralt	2013-04-15	The looks on Gendry's face during the wolf bread scene, and the "Don't burn your fingers" line.
2163	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	"Well, I do love partridge..."
2164	Nictarion	2013-04-15	hot pie : my brother aint no king. i am no stark of winterhell.arya : its winterfelllll hot pie : you sure ?? arya : yes i m sureThis.
2165	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitThis scene was spot-on hilarious. I was cracking up the moment Cersei moved her chair and then it got better with Tyrion dragging his chair around and screeching sound and the awkwardness of it all.
2166	Er Rn	2013-04-15	It's hard to beat Ramsay warning Theon that Winter is Coming.
But the chair moving scene and was very funny. I also laughed at poor Edmure missing over and over and the Blackfish getting fed up and shoving him out of the way (just as I minagined it from the book).
2167	Olympia	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitKind of makes me want to try to do the same whenever I'm in an awkward dinner or something. And then I will laugh all by myself.
2168	Currawong	2013-04-15	Funniest scene:  Musical Chairs.    (Where the visuals of TV say things more eloquently than any book!)
Funniest line:  The reference to the Meerenese Knot.    Oh D&D, you wonderful trolls!  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2169	Crown	2013-04-15	Definitely the Small Council scene, the facial expressions in combination with the sound of the chair were fucking hilarious.
2170	End of Disc One	2013-04-15	Meereenese Knot
2171	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	I don't think Pod actually slept with them. He seems far too awkward around them, and to have him suddenly become "Podrick the Big___" is like something straight out of a high school movie, where the nerd becomes a sex god. I interpreted the scene as Pod rejecting their advances, and just lying to Tyrion and Bronn that he slept with them.The "Last American Virgin" and I can't remember the other one where the nerdy guy turned out to be the biggest stud!
2172	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Funniest scenes definitely the small council scene with the musical chairs and Mance Ceaser saying, "Toss him off the wall and see if a crow really flies."
2173	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	You little bastard...
2174	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitThis here.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2175	NoBoldVillain	2013-04-15	I cracked up when Mance said something along the lines of "Always the artists" when they came up on the spiral of horse corpses.
During the first episode this season I was talking about how funny it was to picture an other or wight putting together these elaborate death poses. (the decapitated body with the head neatly placed in the arms.)
2176	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	talisa to martyn lannister : " dont worry. my husband doesnt eat children. unless its full moon." its not a full moon tonight? is it ?? see. nothing to fear.
2177	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitNo kidding!  I was only thinking quotes, but this scene was brilliant!
2178	cybobbie	2013-04-15	It was a surprise to see that the episode that we knew would probably end with Jamie's scene had so many funny scenes. My favorites are the small council scene, Hot Pie's Winterhell (this one really cracked me up) and of course the way that they managed to insert the Meereenese Knot!
2179	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	missendei: they want biggest one
dany : done
kraznys: dooonnne. 
i laughed so loud when kraznys said " done ". accent tone and his eye were so hilarios.
2180	i-sawr-the-ghost-of-harren	2013-04-15	The Hound's head-thumping scene was quite funny, I felt guilty afterwards.
2181	Songlian	2013-04-15	The thing with the chairs, yeah. I was in tears. Brilliant Benioff. <3
But also enjoyed Ramsay's "Winter is Coming". Jesus, that bastard!
2182	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-15	I think the intentionally most comical moment was the last scene with Pod /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />"We're going to need details... Copious... details." /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shithot pie : my brother aint no king. i am no stark of winterhell.arya : its winterfelllllhot pie : you sure ??arya : yes i m sureThe Hound's head-thumping scene was quite funny, I felt guilty afterwards.All of these made me chuckle and laugh. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Plus...Brienne and Jaime's conversation while they're both tied and on horseback."Do you think I care about my teeth," and "Just close your eyes and pretend they're Renly."
					
					
							Edited by Sheira Seastar, 15 April 2013 - 10:39 AM.
2183	mafalda	2013-04-15	The chair moving scene was hands down the funniest! What made it even funnier was that there was no line.. no dialogue at all! Just the screeching of chairs while the rest of the small council watches.
Watching Dany being insulted by Kraznys and knowing that she understands every word. Kraznys isn't what I pictured, but that guy is playing him perfectly!!! "I'll throw in another because I like the curve of her ass." I was dying laughing at that scene!
The Pod storyline was just dumb, imho. The only redeeming thing about it was the little quip about the Mereeneese knot. Pod is a sweet little boy in the books now they've turned him into some horndog. Besdies, there's plenty of sex in the novels that actually happened, I don't understand why they leave those out to include sex that did not.
Also, the bowmen calling Ramsay bastard... don't they know to NOT do that? Laugh out loud!
2184	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	The Hound's head-thumping scene was quite funny, I felt guilty afterwards.Forgot about that one!  It was perfectly played.
2185	rystine	2013-04-15	I know most people here hate all things Tallisa, but I was cracking up in the scene where she was with the Lannister boys.  Was I the only that noticed the sexual innuendo?
"Does Robb Stark turn into a wolf at night?"
"Yes."
"Does he eat people?"
"Yes."
2186	Toxspecific	2013-04-15	Funniest scenes definitely the small council scene with the musical chairs and Mance Ceaser saying, "Toss him off the wall and see if a crow really flies."Mance Ceaser? ;P
2187	Gannicus	2013-04-15	1. "We're going to need details"
2. Small council
3. "Are you sure?" Hot Pie
2188	Lord Warhammer	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial exp<b></b>ressions, holy shitI think this may be the funniest scene so far this season
2189	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-15	The chair scene was brilliant, very funny, with an on-stage performance feeling to it.
2190	King Tyrion I	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitIt was - in my opinion - the best scene of this episode. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> I couldn't stop laughing.
2191	Relic	2013-04-15	The Pod storyline was just dumb, imho. The only redeeming thing about it was the little quip about the Mereeneese knot. Pod is a sweet little boy in the books now they've turned him into some horndog. Besdies, there's plenty of sex in the novels that actually happened, I don't understand why they leave those out to include sex that did not.Yeah it felt like they wanted the audience to like him as much as book readers seem to, but went about it in typical frat boy fashion. . "He's so cool whores will fuck him for free! You should like him too!"
2192	Connor Snow	2013-04-15	Meereenese KnotThis was pure and excellent fan-service. Props to Benioff and Weiss
2193	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	"I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge" Cersei to Tyrion
Lena Headey keeps getting better and better as Cersei imo, Her smile at Tyrion after saying that line was awesome!
2194	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	"I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge" Cersei to TyrionLena Headey keeps getting better and better as Cersei imo, Her smile at Tyrion after saying that line was awesome!Pycelle's 'here here' made me chuckle. But, I always do love my Lannister scenes.
2195	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	[/size]Yeah it felt like they wanted the audience to like him as much as book readers seem to, but went about it in typical frat boy fashion. . "He's so cool whores will fuck him for free! You should like him too!"The point was that Tyrion set the whole thing up to make Pod think they didn't want his money. You just didn't get it.
2196	BillBones	2013-04-15	Mance Ceaser? ;PThe actor played Caesar on Rome. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2197	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	"winterhell" and "are you sure?" made me lol.
2198	rejndjer	2013-04-15	why is no1 mentioning craster saying something like "tell her to bite the rag, or she'll bite my fist", that was hilarious for me.
2199	Ciglon	2013-04-15	"You little bastard" took the cake for me, personally.
2200	Sun	2013-04-15	One in four women in the world that can perform a Meereenese knot.
Winterhell.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 02:19 PM.
2201	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Lord Twatbeard was hilarious. Everything Bronn does is hilarious, even when he's absently playing around with everything in Tyrion's solar.
2202	Jaime's Wench	2013-04-15	Winterhell was <3
So was poor Jaime's "Oh I do like partridge..." in a very black humour way for a big Jaime fan who knew what was coming next.
2203	Ice Turtle	2013-04-15	HP: don't get stabbed.
Gendry: don"t... ... ...burn your fingers. 
A joke about safe life! And there is also irony to it probably considering Gendry's future with Melisandre.
2204	Morrigan	2013-04-15	Also, the bowmen calling Ramsay bastard... don't they know to NOT do that? Laugh out loud!Haha, had the same thoughts. "Ohnoyoudidnt" and "don't call him that dude, he hates that!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Erm, isn't this supposed to be a no-spoiler thread though? >_>I know most people here hate all things Tallisa, but I was cracking up in the scene where she was with the Lannister boys.  Was I the only that noticed the sexual innuendo?"Does Robb Stark turn into a wolf at night?""Yes.""Does he eat people?""Yes."Haha, I hate Talisa, but I did chuckle at that scene. Decent way to introduce the young Lannister cousins [ASoS spoiler]
	Spoiler before they get murdered by Karstark
. What innuendo, though? I missed it...I LOLed at the "close your eyes and pretend it's Renly". Not because rape is funny, but because it's so very Jaime (straight from the book IIRC) and it was a good line, glad they kept it.
2205	tito5601	2013-04-15	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shit that was very funny i loved tywins reaction to it and varys had funny expressions too
2206	tito5601	2013-04-15	the winterhell scene was the funniest for me i must say im gonna miss hot pie
2207	TheButcherCrow	2013-04-15	"You think you're good with that bow you little twat ?"
On it's own, it's not the funniest line in history but the delivery was perfection, Rory McCann is a genius. He gives Sandor the perfect mix of open disdain & barely suppressed rage, amazing.
2208	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I laughed loads at the Cersei chair move. Didn't laugh at the Tyrion one though, strangely enough...
2209	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	"You think you're good with that bow you little twat ?"On it's own, it's not the funniest line in history but the delivery was perfection, Rory McCann is a genius. He gives Sandor the perfect mix of open disdain & barely suppressed rage, amazing.HAHAAH sometime's he's so aggressive that it's actually hilarious. +rory mccan has great delivery.
2210	Jalapenohitchhiker	2013-04-15	HAHAAH sometime's he's so aggressive that it's actually hilarious.+rory mccan has great delivery.Yarp
2211	Lady Arwen	2013-04-15	I giggled when the Hound bumped his head. Also, Brienne: "Do you think I care about my teeth?"
2212	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	It wasn't a "line" but the whole chair-moving scene had me in goddamn hysterics. The painfully awkward silence and the pronounced scree-scree-scree of the chairs combined with Cersei, Varys, and Tyrion's facial expressions, holy shitSame.  Brilliantly conceived, directed, and acted - by all involved.  I could watch that scene 10 times and laugh out loud.Watching Tyrion's face as he quickly processed how to one-up his sister was a thing of beauty.
2213	Rhasgul	2013-04-17	"You little bastard" and "Meereenese Knot", I just love those little chuckles that the directors give the readers... 
Also Winterhell made me chuckle!
2214	Silverx2	2013-04-17	"Keep a low profile"
"If i had a gold dragon for every time i heard that joke, well, I'd be richer then you"
"You are richer then me"
*Shoulder shrug*
2215	Azor Ahoy!	2013-04-17	This thread depresses me, because it seems I missed all the good lines, especially Ramsay's 'Winter is Coming'
Although I did catch that 'You little bastard', which was quite brilliant!
2216	NedStark2013	2013-04-17	The Guy loading up Hound scene was funny too me.
2217	Ramsay Blow	2013-04-18	"Martyn is 15...I believe" -Blackfish correcting Robb rather sarcastically, poor Edmure. Ha
Also Varys's exp<b></b>ression when Littlefinger rushes to sit closest to Tywin was funny.
					
					
							Edited by Ramsay Blow, 18 April 2013 - 06:19 AM.
2218	Timotheus	2013-04-18	BAM!
... "Watch your head"
2219	SerMudz	2013-04-21	"You think you're good with that bow you little twat?" - rory mccann's delivery of that line was hilarious....as was "looks like every other shit inn on the road"
2220	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-21	The chair scene was the best comic moment, but let me just add the conversation between the slaver and Daenerys. The difference between what he really says and Missandei's translations are hilarious.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 21 April 2013 - 02:30 PM.
2221	Spring Snow	2013-04-21	"Is it 'we' already, Ser Barristan?"Oh, Jorah. So passive-aggressive.
2222	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-22	"You are nothing without your daddy!" He has a 'dat ass' expression on his face while saying it, and the way he says it just cracks me up every time, it's just so spiteful xD
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 22 April 2013 - 04:28 PM.
2223	WinterKing	2013-04-14	Surprised with Jaime and still confused about Theon.
2224	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	Good, they're supposed to be confused about Theon, the way that D&D are presenting it.  Totally intentional.
For a non-reader, the Jaime thing was the biggest shocker, but the biggest thrown-for-a-loop wtf moment is that last one with Theon.
					
					
							Edited by Warhawk137, 14 April 2013 - 09:04 PM.
2225	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	Now my husband thinks that Iwan is a Stark b/c he said "Winter is Coming" ... lolololol
2226	The Hedge Network Admin	2013-04-14	Yeah the Theon stuff is strange with how they are showing it. Really glad I did not have to see a rape tonight.
2227	Warhawk137	2013-04-14	Eh, it's strange because they're slow-playing it, which makes sense because there's not really much to work off of book-wise here, so they're making this into a somewhat mysterious subplot.
I like it, I think it works.
2228	Nikos Targaryen	2013-04-14	My mother also thinks that "Boy" is a stark loyalist lol. She thinks Robb sent him to get Theon so that he can kill Theon himself. LOL
2229	Lord Godric	2013-04-14	I wonder what non-readers think of Jaime losing his hand.  Do they think he deserves it, or did his defense of Brienne make him finally seem admirable?
2230	Ocean	2013-04-14	I wonder what non-readers think of Jaime losing his hand.  Do they think he deserves it, or did his defense of Brienne make him finally seem admirable?My own friend liked Jamie a bit more after his helping of Brienne though the hand chop floored him. His expression with that awesome cover of the bear was priceless.
2231	Nuncle Kraken	2013-04-14	My nephew is going apeshit begging for spoilers. Predicted tonight that Jaime will have a metal hand and "no way she trades a dragon". 
I'm gonna predict he'll start reading the books after next ep
2232	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-14	My husband was like "oh shit" when he saw the chopping block and had a feeling they were going to chop his hand off. I hadn't spoiled him about that. He doesn't know Boy is a Bolton yet, but didn't think Theon was truly being set free, but being sent to another enemy.
2233	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-14	This is a two thumbs up episode. Hubs and I watched it twice. Hoping all the eps are like this one or much better.
2234	moonsblood	2013-04-14	I'm surprised non book readers aren't picking up on the similarities between the Bolton banners and the rack they got Theon on.
2235	Dove	2013-04-14	Hahaha. They're pissed about Dany selling a dragon, gaped at Jaime's sudden, unexpected loss, and are already in love with Iwan Rheon's character. It's gonna be a good season y'all
2236	The Giver	2013-04-14	My sister said she hopes Theon is grateful to his sister for trying to get him out of there. lolz.
She also said she was shocked that Dany was giving away her dragon.
2237	tito5601	2013-04-14	overall everyone except one of my friends is confused about many parts of the showw haha i recommneded that they wait till all the episodes are out and they watch in in one go so the story will flow better but they dont want too just because they love the show too much and can barely wait a week to watch an episode lol
2238	Macho Hand of the King	2013-04-14	Episode 4 is going to be bananas.  The wife and I have both read the books, but even we were going "HOLY SH**!" at this one!  Good stuff and only going to get better.  Long live season 3!
2239	teemo	2013-04-15	boyfriend bored to tears...almost fell asleep on several occasions...was very, very confused about ramsay.  i tried to explain it and he still didn't really get it, lol. he never remembers roose. they seem to be doing a great job at making him memorable for the RW.
he made an interesting observation about dany. "she understood what that dude said the whole time, she answered that girl in that language at the end. so she's going to give away the dragon, but it's going to destroy absolutely everything and then fly back to her."
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 12:27 AM.
2240	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-15	A lot of people I know didn't know "The Bear" was a song from the books.
2241	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-15	My dad completely predicted the future dragon hand off bit. Honestly it is super obvious. And everyone was asking me why that guy chopped Jaime's hand off. I laughed and said: "Do they need a reason?"
2242	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-15	All three of my nonbook reading room mates were pretty much ABOUT TIME and SERVES HIM RIGHT over Jaime's hand.
It's just like, NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. I really hate how the show turned Jaime into a total villain(berating and patronizing even people like Jon Snow for no reason) and being psychopathic(murdering his own cousin in cold blood, and by surprise) - even though Jaime is actually one of the most likeable characters in the books and is PROBABLY going to be a major hero by the end. (That, or go all murder-suicide with Cersei. But I hope GRRM doesn't go this route, it'd be way too obvious)
Also, they think Edmure is retarded. Maybe i'm the only one, but I never felt Edmure was THAT inept in the books. I mean, yes he messes up a few times... I don't know. Maybe I just need to reread those ACoK and ASoS Catelyn-in-Riverrun chapters.
2243	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	It's just like, NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. I really hate how the show turned Jaime into a total villain(berating and patronizing even people like Jon Snow for no reason) and being psychopathic(murdering his own cousin in cold blood, and by surprise) - even though Jaime is actually one of the most likeable characters in the books and is PROBABLY going to be a major hero by the end. (That, or go all murder-suicide with Cersei. But I hope GRRM doesn't go this route, it'd be way too obvious)I have a feeling most readers didn't like Jaime all too much when he lost his hand. He becomes likeable much later.
2244	victim	2013-04-15	I was glad when Jaime lost his hand the first time I read it as well. Actually, I'm still glad it happened, it made him a much more likeable character in the long-run.
2245	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I really hate how the show turned Jaime into a total villain(berating and patronizing even people like Jon Snow for no reason) and being psychopathic(murdering his own cousin in cold blood, and by surprise) - even though Jaime is actually one of the most likeable characters in the books I felt like that was a trap being set by GRRM and didn't by into it. It all felt like the whole deal and all the blame was being laid at Cersei's feet. The justice of him losing the hand that pushed Bran out the window notwithstanding, I can't bring myself to walking into Jaime's corner yet.
2246	WinterKing	2013-04-15	So the most discussed points by non-readers were Theon,Jaime and Dany
2247	Crown	2013-04-15	me: 'Do you pity Jaime for losing his hand?'
mom: 'No, he is an asshole, he threw the little kid of the tower, remember?'
me: 'Do you like Theon's escape, or do you think he deserves some more torture?'
mom: 'More torture.'
Yeah, she's a kind woman indeed...
2248	workinovatime	2013-04-15	The four non-readers I watched with all felt pretty bad for Jaime, since he did just help save Brienne / has been amusing the whole season.
The Dany reaction was hilarious. When she said it, all four went "whoooooaaaa!!!!!" . . . then paused, and all decided "oh, she's totally playing the shit out of him, nevermind."
2249	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-15	The funnest part for me was my hubby's reaction to Jaime losing his hand. His mouth was hanging open and he kept sputtering, "His hand! They just cut off his hand!" He said he thought maybe a finger is what it was leading up to but not his whole hand.
He is is entirely confused about Theon and kept waiting for Yara/Asha to show up. But I agree with pp up thread that this is intentional by the writers so the non-book readers are in for a shock.
Both my Dad and Hubby agree that there's no way Dany is giving up her dragon and believe that some people are about to be cooked.
					
					
							Edited by Mother of Mini Dragons, 15 April 2013 - 10:35 AM.
2250	cybobbie	2013-04-15	Here the main discussion with my no-reader family members was about Jaime and despite the fact that their first reaction - a while after the shock - was that he deserved, they started to think more about Jaime and Brienne's relationship and discussions and started to see that maybe Jaime is not as bad as the one that threw Bran from the tower and even considered that Cersey is really a bad influence in Jaime's life. It was kind of hard to talk with them and hold my tongue. As for Theon, they are still have no idea about what will come and finally, they both agreed that Dany has a plan and she won't give up the dragon, what was really cool.
2251	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	me: 'Do you pity Jaime for losing his hand?'mom: 'No, he is an asshole, he threw the little kid of the tower, remember?'me: 'Do you like Theon's escape, or do you think he deserves some more torture?'mom: 'More torture.'Yeah, she's a kind woman indeed...Wish we still had "Like" buttons!  'Cause I definitely "Like" what you wrote.  Too, too funny.ETA:  Both of my co-workers who haven't read the books but are gung-ho about the TV series are OUT today!  Nobody to discuss it with, I'm so bummed!!!
					
					
							Edited by Not Only But Also, 15 April 2013 - 01:38 PM.
2252	Dove	2013-04-15	Your mom is a little scary, Crown. ;P
It's funny how when you give them a little while to stew on things they start to piece it out. Now it's becoming more obvious to them that Dany's "deal" isn't exactly what it seems, she loves her dragons way too much.
2253	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	My friends that watched the show with me also read the books, so we just discussed the Theon part a bit.
However, I have a friend in college that watched the show with his dorm mates. When it was over, one of his friends made an online search to find out what is the Kamasutra position known as the  Meereenese Knot.
I don't know if it is true or he just made a joke about it, but I couldn't stop laughing when I heard that.
2254	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	However, I have a friend in college that watched the show with his dorm mates. When it was over, one of his friends made an online search to find out what is the Kamasutra position known as the  Meereenese Knot.HAR!That's just awesome. Thanks for posting that, I think that just made my day
2255	KoishNoish	2013-04-15	My friend says that Dany is going to have the slave trader use the dragon to do, and I quote, 'bad things', surprise at Jamie's hand coming off, he thinks Jamie will be brought to Robb and that Robb will kill him.
2256	The Monkey	2013-04-15	Everyone has figured out that Dany is just lying about selling the Dragon, and will steal the Unsullied.
2257	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	All three of my nonbook reading room mates were pretty much ABOUT TIME and SERVES HIM RIGHT over Jaime's hand.It's just like, NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. I really hate how the show turned Jaime into a total villain(berating and patronizing even people like Jon Snow for no reason) and being psychopathic(murdering his own cousin in cold blood, and by surprise) - even though Jaime is actually one of the most likeable characters in the books and is PROBABLY going to be a major hero by the end. (That, or go all murder-suicide with Cersei. But I hope GRRM doesn't go this route, it'd be way too obvious)Also, they think Edmure is retarded. Maybe i'm the only one, but I never felt Edmure was THAT inept in the books. I mean, yes he messes up a few times... I don't know. Maybe I just need to reread those ACoK and ASoS Catelyn-in-Riverrun chapters.Jaime is a dick until he loses his hand. At least for the most part.
2258	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-16	My friend was like "OMG she cannot mean to sell the dragon for the Unsullied!"
He also didn't notice the subtle reveal that Dany understands Valyrian.
2259	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-16	All three of my nonbook reading room mates were pretty much ABOUT TIME and SERVES HIM RIGHT over Jaime's hand.It's just like, NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. I really hate how the show turned Jaime into a total villain(berating and patronizing even people like Jon Snow for no reason) and being psychopathic(murdering his own cousin in cold blood, and by surprise) - even though Jaime is actually one of the most likeable characters in the books and is PROBABLY going to be a major hero by the end. (That, or go all murder-suicide with Cersei. But I hope GRRM doesn't go this route, it'd be way too obvious)Also, they think Edmure is retarded. Maybe i'm the only one, but I never felt Edmure was THAT inept in the books. I mean, yes he messes up a few times... I don't know. Maybe I just need to reread those ACoK and ASoS Catelyn-in-Riverrun chapters.I'd say that contrary about Jaime. He has no redeeming actions being shown in the books up until that point but in the show we've seen that him killing the Mad King actually was what he thought was the right thing to do in order to save innocent lives. We don't learn about such things from Jaime in the books until way after he's lost his hand. I'd be really interested to hear what you think Jaime does prior to losing his hand that makes him "one of the most likable characters in the books". Jaime is my favorite character but the only reason I liked him before he lost his hand is because I really enjoy good bad guys and because he's really funny when he's travelling with Brienne, but he's funny by being a true arrogant asshole. The only good thing he does is what he also does in the show, which is telling Brienne how to save herself as much injury as possible when the men will rape her and then tell Vargo/Locke about the sapphires, but that's pretty much at the same time as him losing the hand.As for Edmure, his failures of not being able to light his father's funeral pyre and that he beats the Mountain at Stone Mill when he wasn't supposed to are both in the books. If anything his blunder with the Mountain is a much bigger deal in the book since if he hadn't done that Tywin would likely have been defeated.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 16 April 2013 - 05:49 AM.
2260	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	It's just like, NOOOOOOOOOOOOO. I really hate how the show turned Jaime into a total villain(berating and patronizing even people like Jon Snow for no reason) and being psychopathic(murdering his own cousin in cold blood, and by surprise) - even though Jaime is actually one of the most likeable characters in the books and is PROBABLY going to be a major hero by the end. (That, or go all murder-suicide with Cersei. But I hope GRRM doesn't go this route, it'd be way too obvious)Jaimie is NEVER likable until after he loses his hand.
2261	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	me: 'Do you pity Jaime for losing his hand?'mom: 'No, he is an asshole, he threw the little kid of the tower, remember?'me: 'Do you like Theon's escape, or do you think he deserves some more torture?'mom: 'More torture.'Yeah, she's a kind woman indeed...I asked my friend whether he still think Theon deserves it, and this is his response:"Theon deserves to die a horrible death that lasts days if not years"At this point I just told him to read the books. I wonder whether he'll still feel the same way after reading ADWD.
2262	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-16	As i mentioned in 2 other threads, one of my friends who isnt a book-reader thought that Iwan Rheon is a bastard of Ned Stark and that he's going to play a major role in the story in helping Robb win the war. I resisted heroically in givung spoilers and started to play my own game with his mind by telling him that Theon is one of the luckiest men alive to find such a nice guy willing to help him in his situation /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />))) Another friend who watched the show suspects that he's the bastard of Bolton and that he'll deliver Theon to Robb, he hasnt got the slightest suspicion that the Boltons would betray Robb and thinks that they are useful against their enemies, as Locke who chops Jamie's hand was flying a Flag with Bolton's flayed man on it. They will be in one hell of a ride this season /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)))
2263	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-16	Apart from it not being really blunder, rather Robb making everyone else feel guilty to get better acceptance for his marriage /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> This dynamic was kinda lost int he episode (as well as identification) so non-book types took the funeral scene to be rather a joke..
					
					
							Edited by Runaway Penguin, 16 April 2013 - 06:48 AM.
2264	Connor Snow	2013-04-16	My Mum and Brother both thought Jaime deserved what he got but were shocked. He's up there as one of my favourite book characters and NCW is killing it as him this season but he's not as likable as of yet really.
2265	mafalda	2013-04-16	I laughed so hard at some of these! It made my morning!
My boyfriend and his friends.. I had to explain the the who was who in the Tully family. They have no idea who Boy is, they're just going along with the fact that he is sent by Yara to get Theon. They think Stark bannerman are torturing Theon.
They can't believe Dany is selling a dragon. One even said that she won't.
They're all YEAH about Jaime's hand, when I'm all NO! I told them they just have to keep watching to find out why that was my reaction. But like another poster said, I'm glad Jaime got his hand chopped off, it starts his path to redemption.
They don't trust the Tyrells and think it's a mistake Sansa said anything to them. I love non bookie theories!
2266	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	My sister thought the pod scene was great, cried at what Cat said and thinks Stannis is a loser.
2267	congokong	2013-04-16	No one I know really likes the show. I don't really know why they keep watching it. My sister's complaint was that "not much is happens."
2268	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-16	I asked my friend whether he still think Theon deserves it, and this is his response:"Theon deserves to die a horrible death that lasts days if not years"At this point I just told him to read the books. I wonder whether he'll still feel the same way after reading ADWD.I guess people care a lot more about the Starks (especially Robb) than I ever did
2269	shiola	2013-04-16	My friend thinks...Dany will get Drogon back once her dragons are bigger.Jaime didn't deserve to lose the hand.Melisandre's acting is all kinds of weird this season.The guy helping Theon is "awesome" and "I really like him" and "can't wait to see more of his badass archery."As i mentioned in 2 other threads, one of my friends who isnt a book-reader thought that Iwan Rheon is a bastard of Ned Stark and that he's going to play a major role in the story in helping Robb win the war. OH MY GOD IS YOUR FRIEND IN FOR A SURPRISE.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 16 April 2013 - 01:33 PM.
2270	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I love the how much everyone loves Iwan /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2271	shiola	2013-04-16	It's so pleasing for me to read that all these nonreaders think Ramsay is cool.
2272	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	It's so pleasing for me to read that all these nonreaders think Ramsay is cool.Same! I'm having a little giggle every time I see a ''aww he's cute'' ''he's a north man! gonna help theon find robb!''I'm like ''TEE HEE HEE HEE''
2273	Dove	2013-04-16	I can't help but encourage it, and I'm really looking forward to seeing their reactions to Ramsay showing his true colors. Especially the ones mooning over Rheon. I'm resisting the urge to snicker like the dog from Duck Hunt every time they mention it.
Hahaha. It's like non-readers are our Reeks, just judging from all of us eagerly awaiting them seeing stuff like Rams + the RW.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 16 April 2013 - 02:51 PM.
2274	Rapsie	2013-04-16	My other half thinks Stannis is a villian, likes Tywin because of Charles Dance, couldn't care less about Robb or the Tullys, and thinks Jon Snow is a woose. He also thinks Emilie Clark looks better with dark hair.
2275	DragonsHungry	2013-04-16	Same! I'm having a little giggle every time I see a ''aww he's cute'' ''he's a north man! gonna help theon find robb!''I'm like ''TEE HEE HEE HEE''Hahahahahha. They have no idea what is coming, the true depravity and horror of "Boy".  I like we are getting to see the cat and mouse game.In many ways this will all converge and make a certain wedding all the more sweeter,The Boltons  will become the most hated house in AGoT hands down, they will be way more hated than the Lannisters.They thought Ned Stark was treated badly, then they haven't seen anything yet.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 16 April 2013 - 03:56 PM.
2276	Mendoza	2013-04-16	My brother was very angry over Jaime's hand being cut off and was convinced that the Locke would betray the North and deliver Jaime home. He does seem to understand Jaime is in line for redemption arc, though, but still, doesn't want Jaime to be useless at swords.
2277	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-16	@dragonshungry dont forget the Freys, i think they will be the most hated house in the series
2278	juanml82	2013-04-16	Edmure:
"Why is that guy missing his arrows on purpose?"
Danny:
"She's setting him up with the dragon"
and
"Why did she ask that girl?"
I couldn't resist pointing out that the Ironborn are supposed to be west, not east, though.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 16 April 2013 - 05:21 PM.
2279	WinterKing	2013-04-16	This non-reader theories are funny.Someone created a thread like this one for the first episode and I liked it so much that I decided to create one every episode.Happy you are liking it too.
2280	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	my sister thinks ''boy'' was sent by yara/asha /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
2281	GoldenFleece	2013-04-16	My friend so wants Robb to be on the Iron Throne so much.... oh dear.
2282	Don Roberto	2013-04-16	Wife found it an improvement over the last couple episodes, but still a bit slow, event-wise. Can't really blame her, not much happens at the beginning of book 3, especially compared to the previous books, and there was a lot of catching up to do.
She thinks Boy is a Stark servent in hide, kidnapping Theon to deliver him to Robb; liked Pod's scene with the hookers, but found the later exchange with Bronn and Tyrion silly; predicted something will go wrong in Craster's keep, but seemed otherwise clueless about Dany's plan; and quite liked Jaime's hand scene, not out of hatred for the character, but for the unexpectedness of it.
2283	aedalia	2013-04-16	My friend said to me that Jamie can't be king without a hand... which is a kind of funny way to look at it in an in-world context. 
He also thinks the Lannister boys Talisha was treating are important.
2284	teemo	2013-04-16	my friend - "this show doesn't have the spark to it that it used to" /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> it's the most exciting time of the series!!!!
2285	Lord Barristan	2013-04-16	I think the reason a lot of non-book readers aren't enjoying this season is in part thanks to all the catching up/introductions. And I think the show did a poor job introducing the new characters.
My friend was very confused as to who the hell the Tully's even were. There was absolutely no mention of ANY Tully for all of season 2, then all the sudden Robb shows up and starts yelling at Edmure. I bet a lot of people during that scene were trying to figure out who Edmure even was. In the books, the Tully's play a really big role. We meat them all in book 1 and by book 3 they are well established characters
Samething with the reads. I talked to a few people who just don't get what's going on in Bran's storyline at all. It was made a bit clearer in the books. You can tell Bran is going to have a huge role to play from book 1. The Reeds are also established early in book 2, here they just show up in the woods and you're just kind of like WTF?
The Jaime situation made little sense. In the books, Lord Vargo had already been established since book one of having an obsession or dare i say fetish for cutting off people's limbs. This guy locke is an evil dude, but you're given the impression that he just cuts off jaime's hand because he hates him. in the books, there is the whole back story of Vargo being brought to Westeros by Tywin, betraying him for Roose, being promised Harrenhal by Roose, and therefore wanting to send Tywin a message, in addition to his reputation as the foot man.
I also just found Vargo Hoat to be a hilarious character. Very evil, but so fricking hilarious, especial the thapphire scene. I think this Noah Taylor is doing a great job as "Locke" but the character from the novels is far more interesting. Its like when you read a scene with Hoat, you don't know whether to laugh or be frightened, especially with the voice Roy Dotrice uses for him. 
I know its a complicated show, but I just think these things all could have been explained a bit better.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 16 April 2013 - 09:08 PM.
2286	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	The Jaime situation made little sense. In the books, Lord Vargo had already been established since book one of having an obsession or dare i say fetish for cutting off people's limbs. This guy locke is an evil dude, but you're given the impression that he just cuts off jaime's hand because he hates him. in the books, there is the whole back story of Vargo being brought to Westeros by Tywin, betraying him for Roose, being promised Harrenhal by Roose, and therefore wanting to send Tywin a message, in addition to his reputation as the foot man.Well, in the show, Locke is almost insulted at how stupid Jaime takes him to be, and is fed up with his "My father" blessed-born arrogant crap. He's a member of a house whose sigil is a flayed man and Jaime is a prisoner fighting for the opposing side. It seems pretty likely that some resentful soldier of a historically brutal house would like to send a message to the high and mighty lord of an opposing house.
2287	shiola	2013-04-16	my friend - "this show doesn't have the spark to it that it used to" /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> it's the most exciting time of the series!!!!Everyone misses Ned Stark's spark.  It is known.
2288	teemo	2013-04-16	Everyone misses Ned Stark's spark.  It is known.true, i know a couple people actually who have liked the show much less ever since he died /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2289	Spring Snow	2013-04-16	My favorite speculation so far is from my sister; she hasn't read the books but she tends to over-think things, so she's a great source of theories. She thinks that Dany is going to join forces with Robb through Talisa's family this season, since it's been mentioned that she's a noblewoman from outside Westeros. She's also fairly certain that Theon is being decieved by a Stark loyalist, that he's been rescued from the ironborn and is being delivered to Robb for "proper" punishment.
Dany decieving the slaver was caught on to fairly quickly by my non-reader friends, they're fully expecting her to hand over the dragon and let him get roasted when it gets unruly. They also think that Stannis is getting addicted to magic and he's going to go through a downward spiral, maybe even become a full-blown villain. It's fun to hear their thoughts.
Riverrun and the Tullys were met with a bit of confusion, and a couple of them ended up really disliking the Blackfish right away for his treatment of Edmure. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2290	shiola	2013-04-16	true, i know a couple people actually who have liked the show much less ever since he died /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />to be fair, season one was a deal better than season two (imo.) but season three will be better than one!
2291	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	to be fair, season one was a deal better than season two (imo.) but season three will be better than one!True. I recall not really enjoying aSoS as much as aGoT up until we get Jaime's dismemberment, then his chapters just totally took over. I surprisingly found the Jon/NW stuff a bit boring and sort of anti-climatic even though they essentially fight two battles. But we had 2 epic weddings and Oberyn Martell. I think we'll only get 1 epic wedding and no Oberyn until S4.
2292	shiola	2013-04-16	I found the Jon stuff boring too but it was better on the re-read.  Buut yeah shit's gonna hit the fan soon.  I wonder what sorts of theories will go on after this season is wrapped up...
2293	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	Everyone misses Ned Stark's spark.  It is known.After S2 I had people ask me if Sean Bean was ever coming back.I replied "Ned's dead, buddy. Ned's dead."
2294	bluemoon	2013-04-17	Well they all pretty much have figured out what is going to happen when dany hands over the dragon.
2295	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	I guess people care a lot more about the Starks (especially Robb) than I ever didStark Blindness is all too common, especially amongst non-readers, sadly.I love the how much everyone loves Iwan /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I was quite reluctant for them to include Jeyne's wedding night, but if he develops a fanbase, I think they might just have to include it, just so that we really hate him. Either that or show him raping peasants. The last thing the world needs are Ramsay fanboys/fangirls claiming that he's just "misunderstood" or something. We don't need another Viserys/Malfoy situation /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2296	Currawong	2013-04-17	After S2 I had people ask me if Sean Bean was ever coming back.I replied "Ned's dead, buddy. Ned's dead."LOL - Welcome to the world of GRRM, boys and girls.  People DIE.  Really die.  Even GOOD people!  *sigh*   Hollywood and its good guy syndrome has a lot to answer for ...I was quite reluctant for them to include Jeyne's wedding night, but if he develops a fanbase, I think they might just have to include it, just so that we really hate him. Either that or show him raping peasants. The last thing the world needs are Ramsay fanboys/fangirls claiming that he's just "misunderstood" or something. We don't need another Viserys/Malfoy situation /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Ah yes, those wonderful memories of HP fandom and the wild Malfoy adoration  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 April 2013 - 02:30 AM.
2297	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-17	I think people will be disappointed with Tyrion's arc this season - but it'll be made up for next season. Jon's arc will also get much better come Season 4 - the only problem is I'm not sure if people are strongly invested in Jon's story. Kit Harrington has some work to do!
This season, episode 4 will be amazing, episode 5 will be amazing, episode 6 will be amazing, episode 7 will be amazing...you get my point. ASOS only gets exciting when Jaime loses his hand. All the best stuff happens now.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 17 April 2013 - 06:59 AM.
2298	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-17	My friends already predict the "Dracarys" scene. However, they are fully in dark with regard to Theon. Better keep them that way. It seems obvious that the producers intended the viewers to believe that Theon was being held at the Iron Islands.
Unfortunately, they have not yet familiarized themselves with the Boltons.
2299	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-17	Well, in the show, Locke is almost insulted at how stupid Jaime takes him to be, and is fed up with his "My father" blessed-born arrogant crap. He's a member of a house whose sigil is a flayed man and Jaime is a prisoner fighting for the opposing side. It seems pretty likely that some resentful soldier of a historically brutal house would like to send a message to the high and mighty lord of an opposing house.Well he's even stupider than Jaime took him to be, without any hindsight required in that type of situation you should take Jaime's gold or his head.
2300	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-17	I think this thread is my favorite. I love all of the non-reader theories. It just further confirms how amazing GRRM is at shocking you and twisting things around.
My Dad cracks me up the most though because he is just flat out a 100% Dany fan and thinks she has something to do with everything on the show and that she is going to end up taking care of everything and everybody.
2301	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-17	My other half thinks Stannis is a villian, likes Tywin because of Charles Dance, couldn't care less about Robb or the Tullys, and thinks Jon Snow is a woose. He also thinks Emilie Clark looks better with dark hair.Very logical, all of those, Stannis might still end up being a villain for all we know, Dance rocks Tywin, Robb is one of the least sympathetic hero characters around in the show, Jon is a bit of a whiner and Emilia Clark definitely looks better with dark hair!
2302	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-17	Charles Dance makes me almost like Tywin. He just completely owns that role. When he's standing in the council chamber with the black outfit on. He's just standing there and I'm like he's a total BAMF! I can't wait to see Tywin and Joffrey on screen together.
2303	aedalia	2013-04-17	My friend at work keeps calling Robb, Paul. Don't know why.
He's finidng this season very exciting, which is good since it's pretty complicated. After Jamie losing his hand, he said he can't imagine anything crazier happening! I said wait. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2304	Trident full of Dogs	2013-04-17	my friend - "this show doesn't have the spark to it that it used to" /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> it's the most exciting time of the series!!!!Change spark for STARK and there! it's Ned people are missing. Some non book readers - like my Mom- aren't over the fact Ned was beheaded!
2305	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	My Mam watched the second season before she watched the third season and now is a major fan and love GoT.
2306	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	My friend thinks that the Nightswatch will make a heroic stand at Craster's Keep.
poor guy...
2307	cybobbie	2013-04-17	Yesterday I was talking with some non-reader friends about Locke action (shopping Jaime's hand) and it was very interesting (and I had to really control myself to avoid spoilers to them) to see that most of them see him a very loyal to the Boltons and to Robb and that Robb will be even pleased with the punishment that Locke used. So, they have no idea what will come.
Still regarding the Boltons, they have no idea who the "boy" is, so they think that he is really helping Theon and two asked why the Bolton bastard didn't arrive yet to get Theon and punish him, so I get the feeling that lots of shocking scenes will come to my friends!
2308	heathers	2013-04-17	When Jamie lost his hand my boyfriend turned to me with "WHAT!", shortly followed with "but how is he supposed to have an awesome battle with the old guy from the kingsguard now (Barristan)?". He seems to have forgotten about Jamie and Briennes fight /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />. Also he missed Dany's understaning of the slave trader /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> Really he's a smart guy. He's doing a PhD in neuroscience! But he needs to read the books already because he misses everything important and i'm scared to answer his questions and spoil it.
He too thinks Theon is going to be rescued but is not happy about it, apparently more toe crushing is good  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> . I had to go over the tullys and filled in a little extra info from the books about blackfish.
Best of all he wants tyrion to be happy and get married...well i can't wait to see his face when that happens. Also can't wait to see Robb on the iron throne as he's "gonna be such a good king like ned would have been". /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
2309	dolphlundgren	2013-04-17	I was surprised they cut Vargo Hoat's character and was wondering how people would perceive the motivation for cutting off Jaimie's hand.
My roommate's take on it: "He just couldn't keep his mouth shut."
I'd say that was pretty effective. Definitely captures that aspect of Jaimie's character. Locke in the meanwhile, clearly doesn't anticipate that the Boltons are switching sides and will get his comeuppance later on.
2310	Harrad	2013-04-17	"comeuppance" doesn't seem to really exist in this universe. Good and bad people are rewarded and punished randomly. Just like in real life.
2311	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	I was surprised they cut Vargo Hoat's character and was wondering how people would perceive the motivation for cutting off Jaimie's hand.My roommate's take on it: "He just couldn't keep his mouth shut."I'd say that was pretty effective. Definitely captures that aspect of Jaimie's character. Locke in the meanwhile, clearly doesn't anticipate that the Boltons are switching sides and will get his comeuppance later on.Yeh, this is why I think Locke was a better choice than to have Vargo.
2312	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-17	My husband was shocked that Jaime saved Brienne, he was like "But he's evil and he hated her". 
He still felt bad for Jaime's hand, but he is a genuinely good person who doesn't wish torture upon anyone. That's probably why he alo seemed to feel sorry for Littlefinger having to marry Lysa.
As for the dragon, he said (about Kraznys) "That dude is stupid, the dragon is totally going to fry and eat him". He also guessed, when Dany asked to have Missandei, that Dany actually knows Valyrian. I sure hope the showrunners will let him know that he was right, becouse they didn't have Dany speak Valyrian to Missandei and that sukced.
He suspects that "Boy" is the bastard of Bolton (based on the "You little bastard" line), but he is not sure and very cofused.
2313	Stormcatcher	2013-04-17	My friend and my brother are convinced that by the end of the season, Robb will be on the Iron Throne.
Oh, bless 'em, they're in for a shock.
They also think Sandor will reunite Arya and Sansa, that Bran will somehow join the Night's Watch and that Jaime and Brienne will end up as BFFs. Not too far off with that one.
2314	The Monkey	2013-04-18	A non-reader I saw interpreted the scene with Pod, where he was reluctant to speak of what had happened at the brothel, to mean that he had been unable to have sex, and thus a eunuch. The conclusion to this was that Pod and Varys were working together.
2315	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	A non-reader I saw interpreted the scene with Pod, where he was reluctant to speak of what had happened at the brothel, to mean that he had been unable to have sex, and thus a eunuch. The conclusion to this was that Pod and Varys were working together.LOL.i love it
2316	Heir to the North	2013-04-18	I'm surprised non book readers aren't picking up on the similarities between the Bolton banners and the rack they got Theon on.This!  Very much this!!  I can't believe it either especially with all the close ups lately and good looks of the Bolton Banner.  Last season, I can see where maybe you didn't even know what it was since I think it was just on his chest which was at times hard to make out in certain scenes.My wife and my friend and his wife have been watching them with us and my wife looked at me a little sad and full of disbelief softly said, "They cut off his hand?!  I don't even like him but I can't believe they did that!"  Friend and wife were shocked too, they thought Locke was going to cut out an eye.They all know something is up with "Boy", but I'm not telling...lol  I just said he becomes an important character real soon.Change spark for STARK and there! it's Ned people are missing. Some non book readers - like my Mom- aren't over the fact Ned was beheaded!My wife still hates watching that episode!  She can't wait to see Joff die, she says everytime we rewatch the series lol.
					
					
							Edited by Heir to the North, 18 April 2013 - 11:46 PM.
2317	Dove	2013-04-19	Hahaha. We're all pretty much literally this article with our non-reader friends, replacing Breaking Bad with GoT.http://www.theonion....out-coun,31340/
2318	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-19	Hehe, my father had to put up with me for years before the show so he has a rough outline of it. Plus, he'll ask spoilers. If they'll likely happen next season ofrafter, he's like "GIMME!" but if it's the next few episodes he tells me not to. My stepmother has actually read the books but she's the type who speed-reads and thus misses stuff.
My father was like "WTF?! I totally forgot you said Jaime loses his hand. He deserved it but that was a shocking ending." My stepmother ALSO forgot right up until the guy had the knife hovering over his wrist. I asked her how she likes Ramsay and she goes "Huh? Who was he?" I start to open my mouth and my dad goes "No spoilers! She'll cut your hand off!" She is very anti-spoiler--she hadn't read the books before Season 1 so she was caught completely off-guard by Ned's death, and thought it was the most brilliant move ever. I remember her going "The FUCK?! REAL LIFE had to happen?!"
I also have a friend who used to be unsullied...but then he had a convo with a book reader friend (not me! I like my test subjects pure!) and got R+L=J and a few other bits. He asked about Ramsay, so I said Ramsay (not mentioning the Boy) was going to make Joff look like a grumpy Care Bear. He replies, "Oh, I heard that Joff's a completely stupid sociopath, whereas Ramsay's a psychopath who actually knows what he's doing." I considered a moment before saying, "Eh, they both have similar horrid impulse control, but Ramsay's older and gets as much out of the journey as the destination."
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 19 April 2013 - 01:01 PM.
2319	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-19	I was talking to a book reader who thought that they were ruining Theons storyline by having "That guy" help him get back to his sister.
I had to explain That guy is Ramsay toying with him...
2320	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-19	A friend pointed out that Gilly's baby is also the great-grandson of Craster.
2321	shiola	2013-04-20	I was talking to a book reader who thought that they were ruining Theons storyline by having "That guy" help him get back to his sister.I had to explain That guy is Ramsay toying with him...A book reader didn't understand that "Boy" was Ramsay?  What?  Not to judge them but it's fairly obvious if you've really paid attention to anything said about Ramsay in the books and Theon's ADWD chapters..
2322	Belacel	2013-04-21	This is my first post (and sorry for any mistake <U+0080><U+0093> English is not my first language). I could not resist sharing with you my non-book-reader husband<U+0080><U+0099>s take on GoT.Before season 3, I suggested a game. I read him a list of some 40-50 character names (with many that I had to help him remember who they were), and told him that 7 of these die in book 3 (hence seasons 3 and 4 of the TV series). Here are his answers, in the order he gave them to me :CatelynRobbShae (Tyrion has told her so many times that she needed to be careful, that her death must surely follow)BrienneMargery<U+0080><U+0099>s brother (he can never remember the name and calls Margery Ann Boylen from the Tudors)Theon (he says that Theon is already dead but doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t know it <U+0080><U+0093> he is kind of trapped in a nightmare)Jeor MormontI cannot wait for him to see which ones really do die!
2323	Kasrith	2013-04-21	Got a text the other day asking "wtf, who was that guy who saved Theon?"
I responded with "oh you poor poor summer child"
2324	total1402	2013-04-18	It looks like next episode will be when Dany gets the Unsullied and its episode 4. Chronologiclly that is the end of ASOS part 1, which is the greater part of Daenerys story in Storm of Swords. Considering she wasn't in episode 2 at all that means 3 episodes were deemed enough to cover ASOS part 1? I mean they try, don't get me wrong. On the Walk of Punishment they have Jorah and Barristan condence their feelings on the Unsullied, how Rhaegar led versus he "died nobly" and we even get one of Danys lines from ACOK about killing innocents being bad.
This felt very much like they were trying to make up for how slow her story was in ACOK. When, really, they should have just considered condensing Qaarth and Astapor; since the warlocks are the only relevent thing that happens in Qaarth. But ASOS part one is a very different beast to ACOK and a lot of very good bits of that novel were cut. 
For instance -
- Dany/Jorah - Pretty amazed they removed that and all related scenes. Even their disagreement and fallout over the Unsullied is really glossed over. The one thing I am praying they don't do is have Jorah do this later on once Daario shows up because altering the context like that wouldn't be good.
-Discussion of the Dragons - They haven't been named yet and this is getting really annoying. They had no issues with naming her child Rhaego they shouldn't have issues over naming Rhaegal. The only dragon we ever see most of the time is Drogon and we all know who hes named after. I almost cringed when Kraznez said he wanted "the biggest" since the audience have no way of knowing which one that is as we never see them all close up. In ACOK they all looked the same size. I also quite liked how in the books they talk about just how big the dragons can get. 
-Talking about the "Usurpers Dogs" - This is something that Barristan and Dany talk about. The show seems to have purposefully avoided her stating "I hate Starks and Baratheons" for too long. Its kind of important. A lot of show viewers are just going with "shes gonna kill those evil Lannisters and would never hurt ta Starks coz they're nice like her". Unlike Stannis who would be a lot more tolerant to show viewers if he was just saying he wanted Joffery dead and didn't add Robb Stark onto that list. So Danys feeling of this need to be conveyed to the audience sooner rather than later.
I wish I could be more specific. But you get my idea. Part 1 of ASOS in 3 episodes?
TBH, given that we know from the last episode "Mysha" that its going to end with the Battle of Yunkai and her taking the slaves there that means the rest of the series is going to be making a big deal out of what one, maybe two of her chapters in ASOS of what was pretty much an opening skirmish. The decisive battle of ASOS was of course Mereen for Daenerys. Yunkai is even made out as a skirmish. They could alter that of course. But I just don't see how they're going to pad out the rest of the series since they've already covered ASOS part 1. I guess they'll maybe inflate how dangerous the Yunkai force is and emphasise Dany becoming a war leader a lot more.
Still, I dislike how they've handled this and it largely seems like a knee jerk reaction to Danys arc in season 2. Condensing all of ASOS part 1 into 3 episodes is a big deal. I am not saying the episodes are bad by any measure. But I feel they don't do justice to the novel by glossing over things just to get Dany fighting as early as possible in the series.
2325	A Winters Summer	2013-04-20	So you think D&D have summed up Dany's story in 2 episodes?
2326	Toxspecific	2013-04-20	If they are, it's a damn awesome move. We can do without all that boring pointless roaming around Essos.
2327	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-20	You're thinking way too hard about this.
There's time for Dany talking to Barristan when they get to Mareen.
Right now she's concentrating on getting an army so she's not a beggar queen.
2328	Sun	2013-04-20	I don't agree that they're glossing over anything, relevant beats in Dany's arc are being hit - so far - this season. Then again, I'm not really objective on this issue, I dislike Dany's story so intensely that the less of her I get in the show the more I like it.
2329	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-20	It's a VERY good decision to get to the 'Dracarys' moment as soon as possibly IMO. Dany's story becomes far more interesting when she takes the Unsullied and becomes a Queen with an army. In episode 5 and/or 6 I expect we'll get a scene or two of her travelling with the Unsullied and marching towards Yunkai. And there is plenty of material for taking Yunkai; she'll arrive in episode 7 and take it in episode 10.
2330	FSBA	2013-04-20	We know she meets Daario in episode 8, so I imagine episodes 5-7 provide the opportunity for Selmy to start filling in the blanks
2331	boojam	2013-04-20	Are there not just 6 Dany chapters in a SoS? However a hell of lot happens in them.
I think you have legit questions.
In novel four stories engaged me the most, Dany's, Arya's, Jon's, and Jamie's.
No I am not in that class of people who think Robb and Catelyn's is best thing since sliced bread!
Even the most notorious sequence, Dave and Dan seem entranced by , and many others too. Not that I was un-entertained or put off by it, just seemed too predictable , to me. I kind of liked the time spent at Riverrun better!
My attention kept being carried back to Arya's and Dany's stories.
You are right the non-naming of the dragons is annoying, has that just slipped under D and D radar?, they think of it as some kind of surprise zinger for later? That would be odd.
I can only guess that stuff with  Daario Naharis will be elaborated. 
I still can't tell if Battle of Yunkai will be elaborated, it could if they wanted , because in the book GRRM summarizes it , but I wanted the details, like Blackwater.
There  are zingers at KL but I am thinking that is mostly season 4.
One might ask about Jamie's story too. If they have the bear pit story in this season, not a lot happens after that.
I love it in the book, but audiences would see it as a lot of talk.
I don't want to see Arya's story shorted, travels with Dog are some of the best in the book.
Just too damn much happens in SoS , I kind of hope they don't pull much back much stuff from Crows and Dance.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 20 April 2013 - 06:51 AM.
2332	Rhasgul	2013-04-20	-Considering she wasn't in episode 2 at all that means 3 episodes were deemed enough to cover ASOS part 1?-I wish I could be more specific. But you get my idea. Part 1 of ASOS in 3 episodes?-Condensing all of ASOS part 1 into 3 episodes is a big dealSo you think D&D have summed up Dany's story in 2 episodes?Wait... what... really?And i'm happy someone else complained about the fact that her obvious hate towards the Starks has not been worded on the show yet. It feels like they think it'll make her less popular with the audience...
					
					
							Edited by Rhasgul, 20 April 2013 - 07:16 AM.
2333	total1402	2013-04-20	Well, yeah. Three episodes to cover part 1 of ASOS, which is far more weightier than what Dany does after in the next part.
If I remember right, the single chapter which the series will be dealing with is about.
Dany surveys the Yunkish army with Jorah
Has argument with Jorah after seeing the ambassadors for the Second Sons, Stormcrows and Yunkish and Daarios secret visit which prompts it.
Talks with Barristan about Rhaegar.
Jorah returns having won battle with her plan and the betrayels.
Dany has the myhsa scene at Yunkai
Problem being that we are told straight away that Dany will win this battle. Its just a question how many she might lose in the process and taking Yunkai. Not exactly a high stakes event because the real conflict is at Mereen. Unlike with the Blackwater last season I haven't seen any footage that indicates the battle itself being shown; which you would normally expect. So I am actually quite doubtful they will show this fight. But it just isn't very important in ASOS, more the warm up round.
So, by the looks of it they'd be turning that one single chapter into the rest of Dany for season 2?
					
					
							Edited by total1402, 20 April 2013 - 07:30 AM.
2334	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-20	You clearly haven't been paying attention to the footage in previews/trailers then, because I'm pretty sure the majority of previews have shown Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm fighting at night against the Yunkish forces.Dany arrives at Yunkai in episode 7 to meet with a Yunkish slaver. In episode 8 she meets with the sellswords (a scene which should be TV gold if handled correctly) and Daario swears fealty to her. After this, the battle takes place and she forces Yunkai to open its gates. That is a LOT of material.We know she meets Daario in episode 8, so I imagine episodes 5-7 provide the opportunity for Selmy to start filling in the blanks We also know she arrives at Yunkai in episode 7.And i'm happy someone else complained about the fact that her obvious hate towards the Starks has not been worded on the show yet. It feels like they think it'll make her less popular with the audience... She doesn't hate the Starks. She specifically (and justifiably) hates Ned Stark. But she's never passed judgement on his children.
2335	Toxspecific	2013-04-20	She doesn't hate the Starks. She specifically (and justifiably) hates Ned Stark. But she's never passed judgement on his children.How is her hate of Ned justifiable, when she doesn't know a thing about him apart from the fact he was fighting against her father? I don't even need to explain why Ned taking up arms against Aerys was necessary. Dany hates Ned for fighting against her father and then refuses to hear the other side of the story which provides Ned's justification and then you say her hatred of Ned is justifiable?
2336	boojam	2013-04-20	How is her hate of Ned justifiable, when she doesn't know a thing about him apart from the fact he was fighting against her father? I don't even need to explain why Ned taking up arms against Aerys was necessary. Dany hates Ned for fighting against her father and then refuses to hear the other side of the story which provides Ned's justification and then you say her hatred of Ned is justifiable?That's in the book?Could be.It must be for some reason than knives sent against her and her brother, I don't remember the Starks sending any assassins against her.Can't remember from the books, her brother may have told lies about the Starks.It would seem the Starks would be underneath her radar ... but I can't remember.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 20 April 2013 - 07:59 AM.
2337	Toxspecific	2013-04-20	That's in the book?Could be.It must be for some reason than knives sent against her and her brother, I don't remember the Starks sending any assassins against her.Can't remember from the books, her brother may have told lies about the Starks.It would seem the Starks would be underneath her radar ... but I can't remember.That's in the book?Could be.It must be for some reason than knives sent against her and her brother, I don't remember the Starks sending any assassins against her.Can't remember from the books, her brother may have told lies about the Starks.It would seem the Starks would be underneath her radar ... but I can't remember.They didn't. They didn't do anything that wasn't self defense against Aerys' tyranny. Ned fought to keep his head - that's the right the lowest of organisms in the universe has. Protecting themselves.Ned even asked Robert not to have Dany killed. If anything, Dany should respect Ned as an enemy of her retarded father who wanted to protect her because she's a kid. Seriously, there is no way at all anybody can call her hate of Ned justifiable. She knows nothing about him or his House - and refuses to learn anything too.
2338	brut	2013-04-20	Skipping through Dany's roaming brings much needed improvement to the show, so thanks D&D for this! There are things to cover in the North!
2339	boojam	2013-04-20	They didn't. They didn't do anything that wasn't self defense against Aerys' tyranny. Ned fought to keep his head - that's the right the lowest of organisms in the universe has. Protecting themselves.Ned even asked Robert not to have Dany killed. If anything, Dany should respect Ned as an enemy of her retarded father who wanted to protect her because she's a kid. Seriously, there is no way at all anybody can call her hate of Ned justifiable. She knows nothing about him or his House - and refuses to learn anything too.Maybe Tyrion will tell her the real story.
2340	total1402	2013-04-20	You clearly haven't been paying attention to the footage in previews/trailers then, because I'm pretty sure the majority of previews have shown Jorah, Daario and Grey Worm fighting at night against the Yunkish forces.Dany arrives at Yunkai in episode 7 to meet with a Yunkish slaver. In episode 8 she meets with the sellswords (a scene which should be TV gold if handled correctly) and Daario swears fealty to her. After this, the battle takes place and she forces Yunkai to open its gates. That is a LOT of material.We also know she arrives at Yunkai in episode 7..The night fight scene is taking place in a city. This is more likely Astapor than it is to be Yunkai because Dany could only arrive at Yunkai in the final episode and she doesn't occupy Yunkai. Besides. I was refering to the big field battle she has with the Yunkish army.All the scenes you mention about meeting the slavers n mercenaries, watching the army, as I noted above, this is only a single (maybe 2 my memory is haisy) chapter in ASOS part 2. Its not a weighty part of the text and it really isn't much material. Dedicating most of Danys story towards what is largely in the books a build up chapter to Mereen feels very off. A lot of people have said this is about moving Danys story forward faster. But, if that were the case, then why spend five episodes on a single chapter when you could just condense that with the siege of Mereen itself. Thats really not speeding her plot forward. I would have said that that material would have required at most two episodes and probably could just be done in a final one. She meets the diplomats, Daario pedges himself, the battle is won off-screen. Its a very simple set of events and dragging that out across six episodes is just going to be really gauling since you'll be waiting for the battle to happen for ages and then you don't even get shown it. That could be a very bad thing.
					
					
							Edited by total1402, 20 April 2013 - 08:56 AM.
2341	Talbot	2013-04-20	Well she doesn't have to show up in episode(s) 5, 6, or 9 (not saying she wont, but they could easily cut her out of one of those episodes).
I don't have the synopses in front of me for 5 and 6 so I could be wrong but that's how I see it.
2342	Jolene Brown	2013-04-20	The last thing anyone needs is for her to get to Meereen SOONER, my god.  What's wrong with them fleshing out the Yunkai thing?  That's the kind of deviation I'm down with.  Take what you already have and expand it a bit.
2343	Toxspecific	2013-04-20	Maybe Tyrion will tell her the real story.Yeah we can hope. If she listens. But problem is Tyrion doesn't know Ned defended her from Robert's murder idea. Dany will be ignorant for a long time yet.
2344	tws1978	2013-04-20	The night fight scene is taking place in a city. This is more likely Astapor than it is to be Yunkai because Dany could only arrive at Yunkai in the final episode and she doesn't occupy Yunkai. Besides. I was refering to the big field battle she has with the Yunkish army.All the scenes you mention about meeting the slavers n mercenaries, watching the army, as I noted above, this is only a single (maybe 2 my memory is haisy) chapter in ASOS part 2. Its not a weighty part of the text and it really isn't much material. Dedicating most of Danys story towards what is largely in the books a build up chapter to Mereen feels very off. A lot of people have said this is about moving Danys story forward faster. But, if that were the case, then why spend five episodes on a single chapter when you could just condense that with the siege of Mereen itself. Thats really not speeding her plot forward. I would have said that that material would have required at most two episodes and probably could just be done in a final one. She meets the diplomats, Daario pedges himself, the battle is won off-screen. Its a very simple set of events and dragging that out across six episodes is just going to be really gauling since you'll be waiting for the battle to happen for ages and then you don't even get shown it. That could be a very bad thing.I really dont understand this obsession with chapters. Danys story has to hit certain plot points:a) get the Unsullied and Missandei /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> meet Barristanc) defeat the Yunkai (knowing the city wasnt cut) and free their slavesd) meet Dario and become infatuated by hime) refuse Jorahs advancesg) discover Jorahs treason and send him and Barristan on the suicide missionf) defeat Meereenh) banish JorahThis is the gist of her story in ASOS. Its completely up to D&D how they chose to tell that story and what parts from which chapters they select to tell first. As we already sort of had the Jorah/Dany moment in season 2 and she made clear she is not interested it makes perfect sense to not deepen that conflict until Dario is introduced and Dany slips further from Jorahs hands. Right now he still has hope. It will be interesting to see his reaction when Dany starts truly move on but not with him. If my theory is right and we will spend large part of season 4 beseaging Meereen, there will be tons of time to play Jorah/Dany/Dario triangle before he is banished (which I really dont expect to happen until E7 or E8 of S4).Similarily, Barristan. There is no reason to push all the infodumps onto his character now, when he was just reintroduced, when we (and the writers) know he will be with Dany for atleast another two seasons and nothing of what he says really matters until Dany finally starts paying attention to IT and the war in Westeros again. We are at the point in the story where Barristan is basically a stranger to Dany. She seems to trust him and values his councel but they dont have any kind of personal relationship. That needs time.As for the battles, even in the book the difficulty grows. She uses her beginners luck in Astapor, blodies her new army in Yunkai and then fnally meets somewhat worthy oponent in Meereen. I suppose the same will happen in the show.
					
					
							Edited by tws1978, 20 April 2013 - 10:21 AM.
2345	total1402	2013-04-20	I really dont understand this obsession with chapters. Danys story has to hit certain plot points:a) get the Unsullied and Missandei /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> meet Barristanc) defeat the Yunkai (knowing the city wasnt cut) and free their slavesd) meet Dario and become infatuated by hime) refuse Jorahs advancesg) discover Jorahs treason and send him and Barristan on the suicide missionf) defeat Meereenh) banish JorahThis is the gist of her story in ASOS. Its completely up to D&D how they chose to tell that story and what parts from which chapters they select to tell first. As we already sort of had the Jorah/Dany moment in season 2 and she made clear she is not interested it makes perfect sense to not deepen that conflict until Dario is introduced and Dany slips further from Jorahs hands. Right now he still has hope. It will be interesting to see his reaction when Dany starts truly move on but not with him. If my theory is right and we will spend large part of season 4 beseaging Meereen, there will be tons of time to play Jorah/Dany/Dario triangle before he is banished (which I really dont expect to happen until E7 or E8 of S4).Similarily, Barristan. There is no reason to push all the infodumps onto his character now, when he was just reintroduced, when we (and the writers) know he will be with Dany for atleast another two seasons and nothing of what he says really matters until Dany finally starts paying attention to IT and the war in Westeros again. We are at the point in the story where Barristan is basically a stranger to Dany. She seems to trust him and values his councel but they dont have any kind of personal relationship. That needs time.As for the battles, even in the book the difficulty grows. She uses her beginners luck in Astapor, blodies her new army in Yunkai and then fnally meets somewhat worthy oponent in Meereen. I suppose the same will happen in the show.It would be character assasination if Jorah tried to kiss Dany after she meets Daario and gets the hots for him. It would basiclly mean hes upping the ante because hes jealous. Jorah was very much jealous of Daario when they do meet him but that wasn't why he decided to come out with his feelings long before then. Thats a shift in context which would cast the character in a very negative light.The scene in Qaarth was used to show Dany realising that Jorah fancies her. This replaces a very different scene in the books where Jorah talks about his ex-wife and when Dany asks what she looks like he says she looked like Dany. Which is slightly creepy and Dany even shivers. The Qaarth scene casts Jorah in a much more favorable light than in the books. So, we haven't yet had the scene where Jorah openly and literally proposes to Daenerys in ASOS.The show has foreshadowed a lot of things. Tyrion mentioned the Iron Bank of Braavos for instance in episode 3, whilst in the previous series we had the Dornish talked about. How Dany feels about her enemies is an important facet of her character. Not to mention that Barristans main role (aside from secret identity subplot) is to be the angel on Danys shoulder trying to keep her acting like Rhaegar and he makes a point of trying to tell her "Starks are good". On a related point there is also the tension between this desire and Dany not wanting to learn the truth about her family. Given that Jamie/Briene will almost certainly be discussing him stabbing Danys dad in the back because he was a monster. So going with a different tac here would be odd. In other words, the info dumps sort of are Barristans main point .Actually the battles were pretty much only going to go one way. Part 2 of ASOS is mainly about the Jorah/Barristan/Jorah plot and Dany discovering just what war entails and this causing her to regress and rule Mereen because she feels responsible. She sees that even when she wins there is brutal bloodshed. This makes her want peace and to not be a destroyer. But theres little actual suspense or tension in the fighting itself. You expect Dany to beat the Yunkish, you expect her to resolve the siege of Mereen and we only need to dwell on how. The true surprise is Danys decision to stay in Mereen and rule; rather than go to Westeros as she had seemed to be meteoriclly on her way towards. So the battles don't actually become harder at this point; thats ADWD. The slavers try different tactics and each time they're pretty thoroughly swept aside with negligible losses to Danys army.edit- Barristan cannot be sent to the suicide mission since he never concealed his identity from Dany. The only possible reason would be if she considers not immediately telling her about Jorah to be treason; which is a bit of a stretch.
					
					
							Edited by total1402, 20 April 2013 - 11:34 AM.
2346	boojam	2013-04-20	Yeah we can hope. If she listens. But problem is Tyrion doesn't know Ned defended her from Robert's murder idea. Dany will be ignorant for a long time yet.Well she should like the Lannisters even less, she might believe him, after all she saved him and Penny in the pit sequence.I don't know what will happen if they do meet, seems, I think?, seems to be George's intent.
2347	Breaking Bronn	2013-04-20	The night fight scene is taking place in a city. This is more likely Astapor than it is to be Yunkai because Dany could only arrive at Yunkai in the final episode and she doesn't occupy Yunkai. Besides. I was refering to the big field battle she has with the Yunkish army.Except the Sack of Astapor takes play during the day (on the show). So those night scenes of Dany's knights fighting in the trailer are, in fact, depicting the battle in Yunkai.All the scenes you mention about meeting the slavers n mercenaries, watching the army, as I noted above, this is only a single (maybe 2 my memory is haisy) chapter in ASOS part 2. Its not a weighty part of the text and it really isn't much material. Dedicating most of Danys story towards what is largely in the books a build up chapter to Mereen feels very off.Who says they won't flesh it out more? Who says they'll devote much screentime to her in episodes 6-9?A lot of people have said this is about moving Danys story forward faster. But, if that were the case, then why spend five episodes on a single chapter when you could just condense that with the siege of Mereen itself. Thats really not speeding her plot forward. I would have said that that material would have required at most two episodes and probably could just be done in a final one. She meets the diplomats, Daario pedges himself, the battle is won off-screen. Its a very simple set of events and dragging that out across six episodes is just going to be really gauling since you'll be waiting for the battle to happen for ages and then you don't even get shown it. That could be a very bad thing.Actually, the pacing seems fine. I don't think people would appreciate condensing Yunkai into 1 episode considering it'd take a sizable amount of time to show everything when Dany's story is competing with 6-9 others.And I don't believe it will drag on. This is the sequence of events I expect:episode 5: Dany marches towards Yunkai.episode 6: -episode 7: Meets the slavers.episode 8: Meets the sellswords.episode 9: -episode 10: Battle of Yunkai.
2348	total1402	2013-04-20	And I don't believe it will drag on. This is the sequence of events I expect:episode 5: Dany marches towards Yunkai.episode 6: -episode 7: Meets the slavers.episode 8: Meets the sellswords.episode 9: -episode 10: Battle of Yunkai.Unless the Red Wedding encompasses an entire episode, I highly doubt they would cut Dany from another episode. The reason being is that by putting Drogon on the front cover of this season they have pretty clearly said that he rise is one of the main events and features of this season. As the defence of the wall will probably be in season 4 I'd imagine. Having her out of a third of the episodes would be defeating the object of that.No the pacing is very off. One chapter of ASOS is going to have to be really dragged out. We don't even need the Titans Bastard because hes just there to set up the Barristan reveal. Theres also little reason to have Dany meet them seperately and why would they be in different episodes? She meets them basiclly in sequence over a few hours before the battle. If anything its likely they'll combine the Second Sons and Stormcrows with us seeing Daario kill the Titans Bastard in the Yunkish camp; before he plops this in Danys lap.  There is not going to be a battle. It would have been in the advertising if there was.
2349	Breaking Bronn	2013-04-20	There is not going to be a battle. It would have been in the advertising if there was.You still think the scenes of Jorah fighting in the trailer are from Astapor?
2350	Raion Laion	2013-04-20	As long as we get that awesome moment when Belwas (Barristan?) kicks serious ass, I'm damn fine.
2351	Titan	2013-04-20	No the pacing is very off. One chapter of ASOS is going to have to be really dragged out.What is this obsession of yours regarding chapter counts? Just let go of it already. Some chapters cover a lot of plot points, others do not. Some chapters cover months, some cover hours.
2352	A Winters Summer	2013-04-20	Still, I dislike how they've handled this and it largely seems like a knee jerk reaction to Danys arc in season 2. Condensing all of ASOS part 1 into 3 episodes is a big deal. I am not saying the episodes are bad by any measure. But I feel they don't do justice to the novel by glossing over things just to get Dany fighting as early as possible in the series.Then stop watching the show, nothing can be perfect.
2353	total1402	2013-04-21	What is this obsession of yours regarding chapter counts? Just let go of it already. Some chapters cover a lot of plot points, others do not. Some chapters cover months, some cover hours.This one covers two days at most. Six episodes spent waiting for a battle to happen. I really don't get why the idea of that strikes you as good.
2354	tws1978	2013-04-21	This one covers two days at most. Six episodes spent waiting for a battle to happen. I really don't get why the idea of that strikes you as good.You can summ an entire battle in a few lines, or you can show every detail and describe every conflict and end with a series of books. Still about the same battle. Danys story in Meereen is limited by her POV and the fact she isnt a warrior so she just waits for the result. The show can choose a completely different approach. The KL story in S4 will very likely cover only few weeks as well (from PW in S4E2 or 3 to Tywin murder/Tyrions escape in S4E8 or 9), so timing of other stories will have to correspond with that.
2355	boojam	2013-04-21	You still think the scenes of Jorah fighting in the trailer are from Astapor?That my guess too.Now I don't know what those areal shots are of the massed Unsullied marching in Roman style block formations across a desert landscape.  If that's the Yunkai battle maybe it's still in VFX post processing , or they are saving that footage.Maybe they are making the Yunkai battle in the daytime.I notice some of that 'pirated' footage of Dany on (an new?) Silver slowly between troops has not shown up at all.There is a scene of her riding quickly , in the lead, in some preview footage(its just a snippet), between troops again, but I don't know where and when again? At Yunkai.I am still guessing Meereen is season 4 ... since I think most money will be spent on the battle for the wall ... the battle of Meereen will be off stage. In the both Yunkai and Meereen , the main battles that is, are only told in summary by GRRM.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 21 April 2013 - 11:17 AM.
2356	Titan	2013-04-21	The trailer daylight effects shots of the unsullied marching (in block formation) are of them leaving Astapor. Presumably those shots are from the 4th, 5th, or 6th episode this season - depending on if Dany leaves Astapor immediately after 'dracarys' or not.
2357	ShigellaSand	2013-04-21	Maybe some of Dany's time is going to be spent on that thing, what's it called again... character development?
The march to Yunkai, for example, can easily be fleshed out with her questioning Barristan about Westeros and her family. Imagine her reaction to hearing a few things about her father, intercut with Jaime telling Brienne about life as Aerys' Kingsguard? Or there could be talk about how the Rebellion started, maybe some more Rhaegar mentions... There's so much Dany doesn't have a clue about, so this could be a good way to bring the audience up to speed about past events in a way that feels natural.
2358	boojam	2013-04-21	Maybe some of Dany's time is going to be spent on that thing, what's it called again... character development?The march to Yunkai, for example, can easily be fleshed out with her questioning Barristan about Westeros and her family. Imagine her reaction to hearing a few things about her father, intercut with Jaime telling Brienne about life as Aerys' Kingsguard? Or there could be talk about how the Rebellion started, maybe some more Rhaegar mentions... There's so much Dany doesn't have a clue about, so this could be a good way to bring the audience up to speed about past events in a way that feels natural.In the book there is longish pow wow with the sellswords, and the 'acquisition' Daario and the Stormcrows.As I remember in the book when they plan out the battle for Yunkai the Dothraki take the center charge the Unsullied the flanks and the Stormcrows the rear. Just how many Dothraki warriors where there?  George seems in imply Danny had at most 100 and 50% of those women.Also I don't think, we shall see, the 10's of thousands of Astapori camp followers.On the road the Unsullied travel in battle formation?
2359	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-21	This one covers two days at most. Six episodes spent waiting for a battle to happen. I really don't get why the idea of that strikes you as good. The fourth chapter you're referring to covers a LOT of time - it covers her departure from Astapor, her travelling to Yunkai, her meeting with Yunkish, her meeting with the sellswords, the battle, and then there's a 3 day gap between the battle and Dany marching through the city.And yes, we ARE seeing the battle. In the trailers we've seen Jorah, Grey Worm and Daario fighting in the dark. Considering that Dany sacks Astapor in daylight and we don't meet Daario until episode 8, it seems obvious that the battle takes place at Yunkai.
2360	Ser Bonham of Eire	2013-04-19	Did anyone else notice Burn Gorman in the scene in crasters hut? I thought he was connected with the role of coldhands? if so what does that mean? and if not he is a fairly big actor so what role will he have n the future?
2361	tito5601	2013-04-20	i think he is the one who will start the mutiny along with rast,  i dont think hes a big actor at all i have only seen him for around 4-5 screentime in the dark knight rises soo i dont think he is that important in the show
2362	Carne	2013-04-20	He's definitely one of the mutineers, but I don't think they'll just show him in two episodes. He's a rather big name compared to most of the other guest starring actors, so my guess is that a couple of episodes after the mutiny at Craster's keep he, Rast and some other mutineers will confront Sam and Gilly. Just as they're about to kill them, the White Walker from season 2 turns up and kill them instead. Then this leads up to Sam the Slayer.
Or something like that.
2363	Spring Snow	2013-04-20	I don't know who Burn Gorman is, actually. Was he the watchman who was "making eyes" at Craster's daughters? He looks like the mutineer type, if so.
2364	tito5601	2013-04-20	I don't know who Burn Gorman is, actually. Was he the watchman who was "making eyes" at Craster's daughters? He looks like the mutineer type, if so. yup thats him, yea he definitly has that bad guy look
2365	Abaddon	2013-04-20	It's most likely he's going to die at some point in the mutiny or the trek to the wall.
That said, I had a random idea that he might live to make it back to the wall and take the place of Aliser Thorne and/or Janos Slynt in S4, if either or both of those two actors are unavailable.  I hope not because I thought both were great and I'd really like to see Jon's Dance material with them both in place.  But if they can't, Jon will need an antagonist at the Wall and it could be they are setting him up for that.
2366	Ser Bonham of Eire	2013-04-21	Yeah looking now he is playing chett, thats a  pity because he would have been excellent in the role of coldhands, he has already played a dead man in torchwood. I'm also thinking that this means they might have dropped coldhands for this season as no one is cast this is going to drag out thenorthern storyline even more which will not be good
2367	shiola	2013-04-16	There's a lot of criticizing and negativity going on, and that's fine.  I've participated in it as well.  But I also think there should be a place where we can pick out all the small details we liked as well.  Or the large ones, whatever the case may be.
I'll start.
I love Nikolaj as Jaime more and more each week.  You could see his inner battle when Brienne was about to be raped about whether or not he should help and how he could go about doing it.  It was so perfect.
I love Missandei's dress.
I loved Varys' side glances at Littlefinger while talking about Harrenhal.  Their rivalry is my favorite.
2368	HouseLark	2013-04-18	Dude! The internet is for bitching and whining! Get off it now!Well, since you had two days without a response, and I am an eternal optimist, my glass is always close to being full, here goes:Great things in this episode1. Robb acting like the King in the North instead of mooning over Talisa.2. Edmure played perfectly by Tobias Menzies.3. Clive Russell storming it as the Blackfish - if he carries on like this he'll be even better than the character I had built up from the books.4. The sweet-beyond-sweet Arya-Hot Pie scene.5. "Lord Twat-beard" - the new name for anyone with a soul patch6. In-jokes: "You little bastard", the Meereenese Knot7. Jaime's dismemberment was just perfectly played. D&D made a good strategic choice in excising the Brave Companions. Locke is every bit as nasty as one could hope from a Hoat substitute and it pulls together the Harrenhal storyline without any of the unnecessary cloak-turning of the Companions.8. Finally, and by far most importantly: Dany looking like she's becoming a queen. Her last exchange with Missandei was dripping with threat and intent ("all men must die... but we are not men"), kind of like whenever anyone says "the North remembers" in ADWD. It just has this chilling inevitability about it.So lot's to love in my opinion. The one thing that could make this series better is to get Jon's story back on track and made prominent. His arc has taken a real kicking since season one and now Dany is back to being a recognisable character we need Jon back as well.
					
					
							Edited by HouseLark, 18 April 2013 - 06:20 AM.
2369	Rhasgul	2013-04-18	snippy snippyCompletely agree with your things except for the first three. I don't really like the Blackfish and Edmure portrayal and Robb's character is being dragged through the dirt up to a point where i think some book-readers won't mind him dying in the show. Every other point is perfect tho.The in-jokes got me to chuckle, Jaime surprisingly made me feel sorry for him, just as in the books and Dany seems to finally find her inner strength and pick up her role as queen! I'd like some minor adjustments but I still love the show!
2370	Ramsay Blow	2013-04-18	Clive Russell is perfect, nailed the part. 
Varys finally making an appearance, it made me laugh when kiss-ass Littlefinger rushed to be closest to Tywin and Varys's look during it.
Ramsay doing the long con is great, very Sawyeresque (The arrow to the face at point blank range was a nice touch).
The Jaime scene at the end was good too, that carving knife Vargo Locke has is huge.
2371	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-18	1- Episode opened with one of my favorite scenes of the books.
2- Blackfish is my favorite character and I liked the actor's portrayal of him
3- Absolutely loved how accurate they managed to construct Riverrun, I'm mostly talking about the window with the view to the river.
4- Dany's bargaining with the slavers, Missandei nailed her part along with the asshole slavers, I'm gonna enjoy watching their faces melt. I just hope Dany roars like a badass this time when she commands her dragons.
5- Hotpite/Gendry/Arya farewell scene was very good as well. I think people don't give credit to Hotpie's actor, kid never let his character fade in presence of Arya and Gendry.
6- White Walkers' artistic piece was great, Mance was great especially with his last line. Giantsbane is going to be fun to watch too.
7- Pod and the whores scene
8- Loved Jaime/Brienne bickering as much as I enjoyed them in the books.
9- The attempted rape and Jaime losing a hand was nicely done.
10- Both versions of the Bear and the Main Fair.
2372	Kittykatknits	2013-04-18	Easy. Dany and the Jaime/Brienne storyline. Both have been the most enjoyable for me this season and the trend continued in to this episode.
2373	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	LF rushing to sit next to Tywin and initially looking very uncomfortable was hilarious. Cersei's chair move was ace. 
''You little bastard''
Dany is starting to act like a Queen and not a petulant girl. 
Jaime and Brienne's chemistry on screen is GREAT, those scenes are my faves so far.
2374	Is He Dead Yet?	2013-04-18	I'm in the minority, but I'd have what we can euphemistically call the 'Tyrion talks with Bronn about being Master of Coin scene' towards the top of the list.
Jaime and Brienne's relationship is picking up well. Also Jaime's Big Pivotal Scene At The End.
Oh, and I shall know refer to any bewiskered man who I dislike as Lord Twatbeard from now until the end of my days. And that's despite being a member of the hairy-faced community.
2375	greensleeves	2013-04-18	I really liked the dead horse art.
Sandor's little lines were pretty awesome too.
Jaimie and Brienne's reflection on their fight was great... actually I loved all their scenes.
I liked Theon's scenes too.
The Hotpie goodbye was adorable.
2376	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-18	Ramsay, Theon, Jaime, and Brienne.
2377	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	Everything Bronn does is gold. The way he just walks around touching everything, his body language, the way he delivers his lines, facial expressions. It's really a joy to watch.
I loved seeing Tyrion rolling his eyes and pausing at Bronn poking around his expensive little things. You really feel like those 2 are a duo. They could have a Bronn and Tyrion's adventures spinoff and I'd watch it.
2378	gogorath	2013-04-18	I can't believe how much bitching there is about this episode.
Awesome things:
1.  The opening scene with Edmure and Blackfish -- no words. Just perfect.
2.  The chairs in the small council. Hilarious, revealing, perfectly executed.
3.  Michelle Fairley.
4.  The horse head arrangement -- brings an element of visual mystery and creepiness to the Walkers. Yes, it makes no real logical sense in a human context. Who cares?
5.  I'm gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen!
6.  Wolfbread. Gendry's little half tap instead of a hug. "Hot Pie! It's really good." Who DOESN'T like that?
7.  Mereeneese Knot reference.
8.  Starting to get some feeling for both Robb and Talisa.
9.  "Rhaegar fought nobly, Rhaegar fought valiantly, and Rhaegar died." Yes, it's not the full line. Yes, Jorah said it. Who cares? It worked.
10.  "He was not the last dragon." "We are not men" And the Valyrian semi-reveal.
11.  Setting up the Iron Bank now.
That was one of the best episodes they've had -- just because the Pod scene (which I think was all Tyrion setting it up down to the rejection of money -- just like Tyrion thinks Jaime tried to do for him) came off a little too goofy or because they dared try something fun with credits music (which I liked, but whatever)...
2379	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-18	The things I love in this episode:-Robb holding his laugh while Edmure missing his arrow shots.-Dramatic Blackfish and Cat scenes.-The musical chair, plus Varys saying Roose as the Lord of Harrenhal then looking at Littlefinger.-Arya/Hotpie/Gendry goodbye scene. Sad but adorbs. And the Toink! "Watch your head."-Brienne/Jaime scene. "Do you think I care about my teeth" and "Just close your eyes and pretend they're Renly."-Dany scenes in Astapor. One of my favorites. "We are not men." Badass.-And my favorite of all - Theon's hunting scene. Very cinematic. The chase and that guy who got shot by Ramsay remind me of LOTR: Fellowship of the Ring.Whoops! I almost forgot - Locke chopping Jaime's sword hand.
					
					
							Edited by Sheira Seastar, 18 April 2013 - 10:53 AM.
2380	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	Everything Bronn does is gold. The way he just walks around touching everything, his body language, the way he delivers his lines, facial expressions. It's really a joy to watch.I loved seeing Tyrion rolling his eyes and pausing at Bronn poking around his expensive little things. You really feel like those 2 are a duo. They could have a Bronn and Tyrion's adventures spinoff and I'd watch it.I with they would, so that they stop clogging up the damn show
2381	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	I can't believe how much bitching there is about this episode.Awesome things:1.  The opening scene with Edmure and Blackfish -- no words. Just perfect.2.  The chairs in the small council. Hilarious, revealing, perfectly executed.3.  Michelle Fairley.4.  The horse head arrangement -- brings an element of visual mystery and creepiness to the Walkers. Yes, it makes no real logical sense in a human context. Who cares?5.  I'm gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen!6.  Wolfbread. Gendry's little half tap instead of a hug. "Hot Pie! It's really good." Who DOESN'T like that?7.  Mereeneese Knot reference.8.  Starting to get some feeling for both Robb and Talisa.9.  "Rhaegar fought nobly, Rhaegar fought valiantly, and Rhaegar died." Yes, it's not the full line. Yes, Jorah said it. Who cares? It worked.10.  "He was not the last dragon." "We are not men" And the Valyrian semi-reveal.11.  Setting up the Iron Bank now.That was one of the best episodes they've had -- just because the Pod scene (which I think was all Tyrion setting it up down to the rejection of money -- just like Tyrion thinks Jaime tried to do for him) came off a little too goofy or because they dared try something fun with credits music (which I liked, but whatever)...Nope. Ran's made it clear the prostitutes turned down the money because Pod really WAS that good in bed. Which just takes away whatever light-hearted fun I MIGHT have felt about the scene once I'd gotten over it being a colossal waste of time.
2382	greensleeves	2013-04-18	Edit: Oops. I got ninja'd
A positive thing:  I liked Cat's conversation with Blackfish
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 18 April 2013 - 11:36 AM.
2383	Rapsie	2013-04-18	The Jaime/ Brienne storyline is brilliant and Coster-Waldau has nearly achieved what the books could never do: I'm beginning to develop a soft spot for Jaime. 
The Arya and Hotpie goodbye was terribly sweet and sad. Also it was short and sweet, but it was fantastic to see the Hound get some characterisation and lines...FINALLY! 
Brilliant scenes with Dany. She has really returned from the brink after the awful storyline last season where she was channelling Viserys. Her dialogue with the slaver was brilliant and his odiousness' death next week will be a joy to behold. Also really like the design of her dress. 
The Theon storyline is good and it makes sense to move the moat Caitlin story to this season so that Theon has something to do apart from being tortured, which would be awful to watch for a whole season continuously.
2384	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	''You think you're good with a bow you little twat'' Oh, Sandor <3
2385	Rapsie	2013-04-18	''You think you're good with a bow you little twat'' Oh, Sandor <3He's such a great character, hopefully we'll get to see him properly this season.
2386	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	He's such a great character, hopefully we'll get to see him properly this season.Yes! Me too /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> The trial should be good.
2387	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-18	Can this be a recurring episode thread? Positivity, woo! Every now and then, I like to do more than bitch. 
- Brutus! I've met Tobias Menzies and he's a total sweetheart so I'm always excited when i see his name. Hope Edmure gets to redeem himself a bit.Still, the opening scene was so funny. I liked Robb's half-smile/almost-laugh and Catelyn sending him a "STFU" look.
- The horse chase scene, especially that shot over the torturer's shoulder where Ramsay walks up. I was giddy with how awesome that scene was.
- Arya's whole scene with Hot Pie. So cute and not played for irritating saccharine feels. I love the Hound's background monologue too, especially when Anguey fires back, "oh, so you can kiss 'em?"  
- The musical chairs scene. My favorite micro-moments within that scene were Littlefinger's duck-and-scamper, Vary's tongue-to-cheek face, and elegant refined Cersei picking up a heavy chair and hauling it around the table. 
- How steely Dany was when brokering her deal.
2388	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-18	I with they would, so that they stop clogging up the damn showWhy don't we have a "like" button anymore? I need one for this post.
2389	Dove	2013-04-18	basically everythingReally though,+ Great cinematography, amazingly well directed. there's a whole thread for this so yeah+ The Brotherhood Without Banners. Thoros of Myr is fantastically charismatic (this episode gets an A++ just for his topknot ahahaha) and so is Anguy, for being such a minor character. They've had maybe five minutes of screentime and they've already left a fantastic impression. I can't wait to see more stuff with them + Arya + the Hound.+ Michelle Fairley. No matter what you think about Catelyn herself or the material she's been given to work with I think Fairley is my favorite actress on the show, and she kills it in all her scenes. Her grief was genuinely touching, and not overwrought. The faces of Riverrun were introduced well and succinctly in the time allotted.+ Jaime/Brienne. They fittingly have best chemistry on the show, and both are fantastic in their roles. I think we'll all laugh at what could have been with "thapphireth" and "kingthlayer!!" but Locke/Bolton bannermen work well in the context of the TV show.+ The small council. I laughed like an idiot, what an amazing scene. Without words and with total hilarity, the social dynamics of the members of the small council was perfectly communicated. Sassy Cersei Best Cersei, I could probably watch an hour of just her and Varys reacting to things off-camera+ Theon's story. So goddamn tense, really building the dread and heartbreak for people who know what's coming and the confusion/hope for those who don't. The horse chase is one of the best scenes this show has ever done, and I nearly jumped IRL when that first arrow whizzed past his ear.+ Daenerys Stormborn, first of her name, Khaleesi of the Dothraki, the Unburnt, Mother of- She's great, Emilia's great, Jorah and Barristan's sniping at each other and dick-waving is great, Kraznys mo CompleteJackass is great, everything's great+ Sam. Idk the actor's name and I'm too lazy to check atm but he has a way of making you feel for the guy with his facial expressions even when he's being immensely useless. Really pulling for Sam the Slayer to happen because he's defending Gilly and the baby. Also Craster licking his lips at Sam and his bizarre fucking laugh cracked me the hell up.
2390	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-18	I will try to be positive, even though anything good I felt about this episode has been overshadowed by that dumbass whore sideshow debacle:
1. Jaime and Brienne, I love their bickering, I love them. The final scene was painful and wonderful, I instantly felt horrified and sorry for Jaime and I love to hate Jaime. I liked the sudden shift to the music and closing credits, it was shocking but I still liked it.
2. The Hotpie goodbye scene was touching, sad and sweet.
3. Jorah and the Rhaegar quote was wonderful. I loved the debate with Barristan.
4. The pissing contest over the chairs in the small council was great, as was Varys giving LF the side eye and WTF? face. I'm starting to like Varys more and more.
5. Cat finally got to grieve for her sons and her decimated family.
					
					
							Edited by Hound's She-wolf, 18 April 2013 - 04:21 PM.
2391	SerMixalot	2013-04-18	The entire scenes with Dany Selmy and Jorah were just outstanding.
2392	Silverx2	2013-04-19	once I'd gotten over it being a colossal waste of time.I wouldn't say that. In later books Pod shows some real attachment to Tyrion, almost like a son, His plan to go off and find Sansa in order to be able to have Tyrion back again was one of my favorite storylines in AFFC. In order for that to make sense they need to build up the relationship between Tyrion and Pod more so then just "oh well pod was his squire, so thats why he goes off on this adventure by himself, Follows the maid of tarth, Climbs through posionious bushes and comes face to face to lady stone heart."Pod goes through some serious shit in the hopes of being reunited with tyrion. that requires some build up we did not get in the books
2393	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-19	I wouldn't say that. In later books Pod shows some real attachment to Tyrion, almost like a son, His plan to go off and find Sansa in order to be able to have Tyrion back again was one of my favorite storylines in AFFC. In order for that to make sense they need to build up the relationship between Tyrion and Pod more so then just "oh well pod was his squire, so thats why he goes off on this adventure by himself, Follows the maid of tarth, Climbs through posionious bushes and comes face to face to lady stone heart."Pod goes through some serious shit in the hopes of being reunited with tyrion. that requires some build up we did not get in the booksI hope they further develop their relationship--it will make Pod's character so much more compelling when he's roving around the countryside. Dude's a badass in the making. Of course, it makes me a bit sad Tyrion's on the other side of the world while Pod's getting his neck stretched.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 19 April 2013 - 12:29 PM.
2394	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-19	I wouldn't say that. In later books Pod shows some real attachment to Tyrion, almost like a son, His plan to go off and find Sansa in order to be able to have Tyrion back again was one of my favorite storylines in AFFC. In order for that to make sense they need to build up the relationship between Tyrion and Pod more so then just "oh well pod was his squire, so thats why he goes off on this adventure by himself, Follows the maid of tarth, Climbs through posionious bushes and comes face to face to lady stone heart."Pod goes through some serious shit in the hopes of being reunited with tyrion. that requires some build up we did not get in the booksGood thread on that issue:http://asoiaf.wester...-book-spoliers/
2395	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-19	+ Michelle Fairley. No matter what you think about Catelyn herself or the material she's been given to work with I think Fairley is my favorite actress on the show, and she kills it in all her scenes. Her grief was genuinely touching, and not overwrought. The faces of Riverrun were introduced well and succinctly in the time allotted.Yeah, I wasn't a fan of her casting because of her age, but she's been wonderful.  In a sense, it's the most realistic, human portrayal of any major character.
2396	Wall Builder	2013-04-19	I loved the expression on Dany's face when she was negotiating with Kraznyz.  It was just a hint of a smirk that said "I know what you're really saying and I'm going to fry you're insulting ass."
2397	HouseLark	2013-04-20	I loved the expression on Dany's face when she was negotiating with Kraznyz.  It was just a hint of a smirk that said "I know what you're really saying and I'm going to fry you're insulting ass."Emilia Clarke has been great so far this season, but she's had much better material to work with compared to last year.I'm with those who want more of the Hound as well. He's had 2-3 lines so far and they've been brilliant. Rory McCann oozes menace; I can't wait for scenes at the Twins with Arya, and the duel with Beric, of course.
2398	Sansa in the North	2013-04-20	Jaime's hand was the best!Also, this:Yeah, I wasn't a fan of her casting because of her age, but she's been wonderful.  In a sense, it's the most realistic, human portrayal of any major character.
2399	victim	2013-04-20	+ "Always the artists." I know Jon and Mance have been seriously underhanded to start this season, but this reminded me of one of those really curious moments all the way back in season 1. Also, it shows the White Walkers are more than just mindless zombonies. 
+ Jaime's reaction to losing his hand. And the worlds reaction to the Bear and the Maiden Fair.
2400	Spring Snow	2013-04-20	I can't think of anything I didn't love about this episode, aside from maybe the Pod scene? Call me a D&D sycophant if you want but I really, truly enjoy this show, and loved this episode in particular. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> I've already enthused about the general direction and how effective I found it in the related thread, so I'll leave it at that. My favorite moments were the small council, Daenerys' scenes, and Theon's horse chase, with a special mention of course going to Jaime, Brienne, and Locke McSapphires. Oh, and Hot Pie's... wolf... bread? And Catelyn venting her grief with her uncle. And-Well, I think you've gotten the point.+ "Always the artists." I know Jon and Mance have been seriously underhanded to start this season, but this reminded me of one of those really curious moments all the way back in season 1. Also, it shows the White Walkers are more than just mindless zombonies.I'm very intrigued in the way the show is portraying these strange White Walker moments, since D&D probably know something about them that we don't.
					
					
							Edited by Pure As Snow, 20 April 2013 - 07:40 PM.
2401	Karmarni	2013-04-20	I'm with those who want more of the Hound as well. He's had 2-3 lines so far and they've been brilliant. Rory McCann oozes menace; I can't wait for scenes at the Twins with Arya, and the duel with Beric, of course.Episode 4 preview with "You want to cut my throat, get on with it" is the best Hound delivery yet (the true angry Hound, of course).
2402	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-20	I hope they have Sandor do his original quick little speech about the difference between him and "knights."
2403	shiola	2013-04-20	10.  "He was not the last dragon." "We are not men" And the Valyrian semi-reveal.I liked the "We are not men" line a lot.  It was a good Dany soundbyte, and the bigger fans of Dany especially probably loved it.  I'm surprised a lot of people seemed to have a problem with it.  Dany's back to her cool self this season.
2404	shiola	2013-04-20	The Jaime/ Brienne storyline is brilliant and Coster-Waldau has nearly achieved what the books could never do: I'm beginning to develop a soft spot for Jaime.The Arya and Hotpie goodbye was terribly sweet and sad. Also it was short and sweet, but it was fantastic to see the Hound get some characterisation and lines...FINALLY!Brilliant scenes with Dany. She has really returned from the brink after the awful storyline last season where she was channelling Viserys. Her dialogue with the slaver was brilliant and his odiousness' death next week will be a joy to behold. Also really like the design of her dress.The Theon storyline is good and it makes sense to move the moat Caitlin story to this season so that Theon has something to do apart from being tortured, which would be awful to watch for a whole season continuously.I agree with all of this.  I am head over heels for Nikolaj, and shameless about it.  I love him in the books and Nikolaj is so spot-on in his portrayal of Jaime.  Gwen is an amazing Brienne as well.  Depending on how much of Brienne's Adventures they keep in the show, I think I'll actually enjoy them more than I did in the book simply because she's a joy to watch.I love the Hot Pie goodbye.  Him telling Gendry "Don't get stabbed." and Gendry awkwardly tapping him instead of a hug and saying "And you, don't.. burn your fingers."  It was so sweet!  Arya's "Hot Pie, it's really good!" was a great line.  Something about the way she delivered it made the scene for me.I agree with Dany as well, and am looking forward to Theon's storyline.
2405	shiola	2013-04-20	Can this be a recurring episode thread? Positivity, woo! Every now and then, I like to do more than bitch.- Brutus! I've met Tobias Menzies and he's a total sweetheart so I'm always excited when i see his name. Hope Edmure gets to redeem himself a bit.Still, the opening scene was so funny. I liked Robb's half-smile/almost-laugh and Catelyn sending him a "STFU" look.- The horse chase scene, especially that shot over the torturer's shoulder where Ramsay walks up. I was giddy with how awesome that scene was.- Arya's whole scene with Hot Pie. So cute and not played for irritating saccharine feels. I love the Hound's background monologue too, especially when Anguey fires back, "oh, so you can kiss 'em?"  - The musical chairs scene. My favorite micro-moments within that scene were Littlefinger's duck-and-scamper, Vary's tongue-to-cheek face, and elegant refined Cersei picking up a heavy chair and hauling it around the table.- How steely Dany was when brokering her deal.I definitely plan on making a thread about this for each episode, if they get accepted.  I enjoy the show less when I read all the criticizing, so I want to see how I'd feel if we came together and "nitpicked" in a positive light as well.I agree with all of this, except I wasn't a huge fan of the Blackfish-pushing-Edmure-and-Robb-chuckling.  But it's still nice to see that someone did like it, because that's taken a lot of heat on the boards.The horse chase scene was all kinds of scenery porn and amazing camera tricks.  I don't know anything about filming but it looked amazing.I also liked that exchange with Anguy and The Hound!  I'm glad someone else mentioned it.  I forgot to mention it.Dany was so HBIC with her dealings.  I like her again.  I hope the show keeps her more likeable than she was in the books, like they kind of do with Tyrion.  It makes the show more fun to watch, whereas the books I like that everyone has facets that I dislike.
2406	Lady Arwen	2013-04-20	"He was not the last dragon" and "We are not men" were my personal favourites. Also, Dany thugging Jorah and Barristan when they contradicted her in front of Kraznys. Classic Dany!
2407	shiola	2013-04-20	I wouldn't say that. In later books Pod shows some real attachment to Tyrion, almost like a son, His plan to go off and find Sansa in order to be able to have Tyrion back again was one of my favorite storylines in AFFC. In order for that to make sense they need to build up the relationship between Tyrion and Pod more so then just "oh well pod was his squire, so thats why he goes off on this adventure by himself, Follows the maid of tarth, Climbs through posionious bushes and comes face to face to lady stone heart."Pod goes through some serious shit in the hopes of being reunited with tyrion. that requires some build up we did not get in the booksI never thought about it like that.  That's a really good point, thanks for bringing it up!  Pod is so endearing on the show.  Even though I found the whore scene/aftermath gratuitous, I do love that we got more Pod.  I am excited to see more than him, so I can handle the silly context.
2408	shiola	2013-04-20	snippedI agree with everything you said and I loved your explanations.  It reaffirmed why I liked what I liked about the episode and I'm really glad you shared it!  I think Michelle is a freaking goddess so it's good to see her getting more praise after this episode.
2409	Spring Snow	2013-04-20	Another scene not mentioned quite so much that I enjoyed was Talisa gently teasing the little Lannister boys. I thought it was adorable. It's also a great way to build up sympathy for them for when the inevitable occurs, and to make Robb's decision regarding Karstark more understandable.I definitely plan on making a thread about this for each episode, if they get accepted.  I enjoy the show less when I read all the criticizing, so I want to see how I'd feel if we came together and "nitpicked" in a positive light as well.That sounds great. I love the idea of a "positive nitpick" thread. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2410	shiola	2013-04-20	I liked the Talisa scene, too.  I don't like the differences between the actual storyline of Talisa and Jeyne Westerling, but I really like Talisa.  I finished another re-watch of seasons 1 and 2 last night, and I found her quite endearing this time around.  I was watching the series with a non-reader who had never seen it before, so maybe that's part of it.  It's a lot more fun to watch when you get to witness someone's reactions/guesses/theories.
2411	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-21	By watching the episoe, I feel that if Karstark really kills one of the Lannisters, then it will be heartbreaking. That is because that scene was properly done. In fact, the only cheap moment of this episode was the Pod scene and that is arguably a welcome relief from the important events taking place.
					
					
							Edited by raviept, 21 April 2013 - 08:12 AM.
2412	go joff go	2013-04-21	I liked the Talisa scene, too.  I don't like the differences between the actual storyline of Talisa and Jeyne Westerling, but I really like Talisa.  I finished another re-watch of seasons 1 and 2 last night, and I found her quite endearing this time around.  I was watching the series with a non-reader who had never seen it before, so maybe that's part of it.  It's a lot more fun to watch when you get to witness someone's reactions/guesses/theories.I don't think I will ever understand the hate for talisa. Other then that first scene where she was sassy, she has basically been demure, google-y eyes for Robb, nurse-y, book Jeyne.
2413	Kasrith	2013-04-21	6. In-jokes: "You little bastard", the Meereenese KnotSo I'm the only one who thinks Craster's "Look at him, he's a walking feast" was an interesting line. Maybe I'm reading way too much into it, but the line is directed to the Night's Watch aka Crows who could cut pieces off as they travel, making Sam "A walking Feast for Crows".
2414	zaphodbrx	2013-04-15	This post is about some scenes in the show which I felt bummed about, even if they are little things.
First one is the scene with Jamie getting his hand cut off. You can clearly see here that there is like half a second where Jamie looks at is hand and then goes, okay this is my cue to scream, and does so.
This can't really work in real life. Your hand gets cut, that message goes straight to your brain. You don't have to look at the damn thing. Also, screaming is INVOLUNTARY. It's a reaction. You don't get to think about it, it just happens.
I am really annoyed by this type of thing and it crops up ALL over the place in tv and movies. A good example would be the scene in the last Star wars film where general grievous elaborately flashes his lightsabers like two inches from Obi Wan's nose and the actor doesn't bat an eyelid. In reality, one would have an instant reaction to step back, jedi training or not I call B.S. Of course in reality that thing is CGI'd in and the actor has no idea what he's looking at so that's why.
Second scene is with Theon getting hit with a morning star.
We are looking at two horses charging at full speed, and that monstrous thing is whirling like crazy against a dude with no armor or shield.
In an actual scenario, Theon would have a crushed skull, not just thrown from horseback.
On rewatching this it looks like Theon got hit in the gut, the way he whimpers and moans on the ground.
Still, it's pretty unbelievable.
Next scene, 'boy' slays four men with four arrows in less than four seconds.
There's a clip of the perhaps world's fastest archer, Lars Anderson, and even he rarely gets to one arrow per second and that is with 30 pound draw bows that are just for show really and would not pierce mail.
A typical medieval longbowman would fire at about one arrow in six seconds, and that's when not really aiming at a single target but rather at an area.
I don't know, it's just all these little things that bug me.
In the premiere episode, I found the 'Barristan rescue' thing kind of weird too, as it was never explained how Selmy got freed from being restrained by Jorah.
Rant over, discuss.
2415	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Yeah, I can see your points, and I think they're valid.  I just think they're relatively minor in the whole scheme of things.  But then, I'm one who loved the episode except for the fact that there wasn't more Arya (and I thought her walking up to the Hound and asking him if he remembered the last time he was there was weak and rather pointless).  Then next for me was the Pod scene - I thought it was humorous, but unnecessary, and there are so many other things in the book, IMO, that are more important to include.  So, I guess my criticisms are relatively minor in the whole scheme of things, too.   /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
2416	Ran	2013-04-15	You don't have to look at the damn thing. Also, screaming is INVOLUNTARY. It's a reaction. You don't get to think about it, it just happens.One of the very well-known effects of shock is that things you might consider normal parts of the voluntary and involuntary reaction process don't in fact happen. People in WWI or WWII torn up by shrapnel would sometimes pick up body parts and carry them around, not quite grasping what had happened or really processing the pain until a later time.In other words, it does in fact happen.
2417	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I'm more irritated by what I see as glaring plot  holes and inconsistencies.
Like Arya spending the entire last season at Harenhall and never once mentioning or seeing soldiers from her brother's army held prisoner there...and then all of a sudden this season it appears that several  hundred of them were held prisoner there and are now dead.
Or Ramsey letting Theon escape but not telling any of his own men about it and then killing them, whose going to believe that a tortured Theon with no weapon was able to kill all 5 of these guys with a bow?
Or the crazy hodgepodge they've made of the timing on Bran and Rickon's "deaths" and Robb's marriage, and now we find out show Robb thinks they are not even dead?  WTF.
Also, the amount of time that is wasted on non essential scenes like this weeks Pod and the whores, that weren't in the books and don 't even move the plot forward.
2418	Ser Luke.	2013-04-15	The only real problem I had with this episode was the ten minute whore scene. This is coming from someone who wasn't bothered at all by The Littlefinger scene with the two girls totally going to town together. That scene at least gave Baelish some backstory.
But this scene just felt really, really out of place. The weird comedy involved in the scene made me feel like I wasn't watching Game of Thrones.
2419	Lord Davos Seaworth	2013-04-15	Yeah I completely disagree with the Jaime thing.
When I was a lil' kid, I can't recall how many times I would fall off my bike or something and get up fine... then seconds later look at my elbow to see it gushing with blood and THEN proceed to bawl my eyes out.
I've never had my hand cut off, but I assume it would be relatively the same idea in the sense that the scream doesn't have to come right away until he sees it.
2420	kephv	2013-04-15	Or Ramsey letting Theon escape but not telling any of his own men about it and then killing them, whose going to believe that a tortured Theon with no weapon was able to kill all 5 of these guys with a bow?I'm sure no one will question Ramsay. After all, they probably don't want to be flayed.Or the crazy hodgepodge they've made of the timing on Bran and Rickon's "deaths" and Robb's marriage, and now we find out show Robb thinks they are not even dead?  WTF.This has me confused as well. Not sure why they didn't have Cat find out about it last season. Unless they thought it would completely undo her since she's been reduced to where whenever she speaks it's only about her children.Also, the amount of time that is wasted on non essential scenes like this weeks Pod and the whores, that weren't in the books and don 't even move the plot forward.I liked the Meereenese knot gag, but other than that I would agree. Waste of time.
2421	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	Or Ramsey letting Theon escape but not telling any of his own men about it and then killing them, whose going to believe that a tortured Theon with no weapon was able to kill all 5 of these guys with a bow?That's not really a plot hole or inconsistency. Ramsay is a psychopath and this game he's playing is risky, dangerous, callous, and twisted. That's pretty much his MO in the novels too.
2422	RoamingRonin	2013-04-15	It's not uncommon for someone to sustain serious bodily harm but not feel any pain. Jaime's reaction wasn't out of the odinary. It's really, really pointless trying to figure out the realism of the combat in TV shows.I am really annoyed by this type of thing and it crops up ALL over the place in tv and movies. A good example would be the scene in the last Star wars film where general grievous elaborately flashes his lightsabers like two inches from Obi Wan's nose and the actor doesn't bat an eyelid. In reality, one would have an instant reaction to step back, jedi training or not I call B.S. Of course in reality that thing is CGI'd in and the actor has no idea what he's looking at so that's why.Obi-Wan - a master jedi - is supposed to blink because a lightsaber is in his face? He's been training his whole life to expect that sort of thing. Not to mention he's a pilot in space. I'm sure he's used to incredibly bright lights and fast-moving objects being all up in his vision.
					
					
							Edited by RoamingRonin, 15 April 2013 - 11:43 AM.
2423	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	About the shock thing...it is for real, trust me. I know that for a fact.When I was 4 years I was playing 'war' with my neighbor using very sharp butcher knives from his father's shop. Long story short, I managed to completely lose a finger. I will never forget my reaction.I just stopped, looked at my missing finger, saw the red blood mixed with white marrow from the bone, calmly picked up the finger, went to my grandmother and told her that there is tomato sauce spilling from my hand(home made one, with seeds in it...the marrow mixed with the blood...hey, I was just a kid in shock).Enough to say that she screamed long before I started. But roughly 3 minutes after, the pain came hard. I remember howling like a madman all the way to the hospital. Other than that, there are some scenes that were a little off. But the one with the hand seemed plausible to me, although losing a hand sure beats losing a single finger.
2424	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	The pain wouldn't hit him until later (the amount of pain involved in limb loss, if unexpected, would be buffered by endorphins, adrenaline and other pain suppression routes or else the sufferer would lose consciousness which would be fatal in most situations in which one is likely to lose a limb). The scream was at teh realisation that he had lost his hand, not the pain, it wasn't an "in pain" sounding scream, it was a "OMG, my life is ruined" scream, I thought it was quite realistic and the best bit about the hand-loss. Jaime didn't expect to have his hand cut off so the gap was realistic to my knowledge of pain theory and neuroscience, which is not negligible
2425	Bolivar	2013-04-15	The realism things do kind of dampen the suspension of disbelief.
I was more perturbed by the acting and direction. The small council chair scene went on just a little too long, establishing that these were in fact, actors in front of a camera doing what they were told, and not believable characters in a story.
Same with the fireside scene in Craster's Keep. It looked like a large group of actors who were painfully obviously waiting for some kind of cue.
Stannis whining for sex was equally painful to watch. In the thread discussing this, someone posted David and Dan interviews about their thoughts on Stannis and I'm really starting to become terrified that they have not in fact read the later books.
Finally, last week's episode actually received a lot of praise for not showing a gratuitous pair of boobs. Yet, in their directorial debut, D&D manage to throw away that good will with Tyrion and Bronn whimsically introducing a 15 year old to whores. The following scene, about how they didn't take his money was painfully forced and had none of the easiness or believability you expect to see in any buddy comedy.
Don't get me wrong, there are many things so right with the show, but it really is being dragged down for me.
2426	Gannicus	2013-04-15	1. I wasn't a fan of the Stannis scene
2. I think they're doing too much, too fast with Theon.
2427	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	1. I wasn't a fan of the Stannis scene2. I think they're doing too much, too fast with Theon.How are they doing it too fast with Theon?
2428	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	1. I wasn't a fan of the Stannis scene2. I think they're doing too much, too fast with Theon.They've slowed Theon's arc, if anything. We don't see all this weird shit Ramsey does, we just hear about it later. Although I agree with Stannis.This thread is hilarious though. We're reading books and watching a series containing magic, dragons, and undead killing machines but its all for nought because someone screamed unrealistically and another guy got off too many arrows in a short span of time.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 15 April 2013 - 12:08 PM.
2429	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	The only real problem I had with this episode was the ten minute whore scene. This is coming from someone who wasn't bothered at all by The Littlefinger scene with the two girls totally going to town together. That scene at least gave Baelish some backstory.But this scene just felt really, really out of place. The weird comedy involved in the scene made me feel like I wasn't watching Game of Thrones.10 minute whore scene? The scene with the whores was like 2 minutes long.
2430	a shadow	2013-04-15	Next scene, 'boy' slays four men with four arrows in less than four seconds.There's a clip of the perhaps world's fastest archer, Lars Anderson, and even he rarely gets to one arrow per second and that is with 30 pound draw bows that are just for show really and would not pierce mail.A typical medieval longbowman would fire at about one arrow in six seconds, and that's when not really aiming at a single target but rather at an area.Two of those arrows were Edmure's /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />snapOr pain does come after some days. First a wound, then it gets numbed with medication, and after a few days it hurst for a second and you say "Ouch". /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />Did you get yours fixed?
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 15 April 2013 - 12:20 PM.
2431	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Next scene, 'boy' slays four men with four arrows in less than four seconds.There's a clip of the perhaps world's fastest archer, Lars Anderson, and even he rarely gets to one arrow per second and that is with 30 pound draw bows that are just for show really and would not pierce mail.A typical medieval longbowman would fire at about one arrow in six seconds, and that's when not really aiming at a single target but rather at an area.Except he didn't kill the four men with four arrows in less than four seconds. He hits the first guy twice, then there's a pause, and then he hits the other three, and certainly not in four seconds. Also, who says it was a long bow?I agree that the speed and skill was ridiculous, but its not as bad as you make it seem.
2432	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	They've slowed Theon's arc, if anything. We don't see all this weird shit Ramsey does, we just hear about it later. Although I agree with Stannis.This thread is hilarious though. We're reading books and watching a series containing magic, dragons, and undead killing machines but its all for nought because someone screamed unrealistically and another guy got off too many arrows in a short span of time.Eh, the scream I get you on, but the arrows just doesn't keep the continuity of their universe for me, if it was indeed that fast.It was like skinny ass Gandalf falling faster than that ginormous beast in the Twin Towers LOTR movie. Not that the arrows was that bad, but it's jarringly arguing that the laws of the universe bend at the whim of the author, rather than being completely structured to actual relevant realism.Which, GRRM's story is suppose to have some fantasy realism to it, so arguing for realism isn't completely unfair imo.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 15 April 2013 - 12:21 PM.
2433	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Eh, the scream I get you on, but the arrows just doesn't keep the continuity of their universe for me, if it was indeed that fast.It was like skinny ass Gandalf falling faster than that ginormous beast in the Twin Towers LOTR movie. Not that the arrows was that bad, but it's jarringly arguing that the laws of the universe bend at the whim of the author, rather than being completely structured to actual relevant realism.Which, GRRM's story is suppose to have some fantasy realism to it, so arguing for realism isn't completely unfair imo.GRRM is pretty guilty of this sort of thing at times. Tyrion during the battle of Blackwater? He was a whirlwind of death! Without any training and very little experience, suddenly he's able to cut his way through experienced men at arms and knights. It stretched believability when he was on a horse, but on foot?
2434	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	GRRM is pretty guilty of this sort of thing at times. Tyrion during the battle of Blackwater? He was a whirlwind of death! Without any training and very little experience, suddenly he's able to cut his way through experienced men at arms and knights. It stretched believability when he was on a horse, but on foot?Alas, that's a very sound point.One of those very few moments GRRM sadly made me 'hold his hand' in, like other fantasies. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2435	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Nothing quite beats Wildings firing arrows from the base of the Wall and hitting and killing people that weren't themselves
2436	Connor Snow	2013-04-15	I don't remember everyone hating Edmure so bloody passionately in the book, plus Robb's failure to fully explain his plan in the book and the show is annoying, Edmure literally did what he was told to do.
2437	The hairy bear	2013-04-15	GRRM is pretty guilty of this sort of thing at times. Tyrion during the battle of Blackwater? He was a whirlwind of death! Without any training and very little experience, suddenly he's able to cut his way through experienced men at arms and knights. It stretched believability when he was on a horse, but on foot?We have never been told that Tyrion had no training in arms in Casterly Rock, so I don't see a problem at all. The first time we see Tyrion (at Winterfell) he already performs acrobatic stunts that require a lot of agility and strength in the arms.Nothing quite beats Wildings firing arrows from the base of the Wall and hitting and killing people that weren't themselvesThat's true. People aiming arrows at the top of a seven hundreed feet Wall (equivalent to a 45 floors skyscraper) is just unbeliavable.
2438	Harrad	2013-04-15	As someone nicely explicated on another thread, the scene with Pod was a setup for his future activities. With grim unrelenting torture and mayhem, why begrudge a couple of minutes of good ole orgying.
2439	winterstood	2013-04-15	I disagree with your rants and find them kind of petty.
1) Jaime was in SHOCK. Totally wasn't expecting that and there IS a mind/brain connection. So the shock would most certainly allow for a pause - and then the pain overwhelms your circuitry in your mind and overpowering the shock you feel and you just SCREAM. totally believable. and well acted.
2) You said it yourself - Theon wasn't hit in the head so he wouldn't have a crushed skull - but he would be really wounded from the hit and fall off of the horse.
3) The arrow scene was pretty fast - no denying that. But if the 'boy'(Ramsay) character was as skilled an archer as they're trying to portray then he would've been able to come close to that speed. The only real problem was the third and fourth arrows - they were back to back - almost instantaneously. Although he might have had unshown help. Ramsay is running shit at the dreadfort. That's certainly not impossible.
Episode 3 was the best episode of the season so far. So like I said, I find your rant to be slightly petty.
2440	Iotun	2013-04-15	I just want to also reinforce what other people said about injuries and pain. Most often in any serious and sudden injury you don't really feel the pain right away, but only after a bit. From my own experiences I would say that this is more so when you have a very sudden injury. So if you have a a screw being drilled slowly into your body, you will feel intense and constant pain, but if you have a knife suddenly thrust into you, or if you are shot with a bullet, you will not feel the pain immediately, more the shock and force knocking into you (I'm not a doctor though, so don't take my word for it). In my experience, the greatest pain always comes afterwards, a few hours in, when the injury has settled in.
Having said that, I do think that Jaime's scream seemed a bit fake, although it wasn't the timing that bothered me.
2441	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	We have never been told that Tyrion had no training in arms in Casterly Rock, so I don't see a problem at all. The first time we see Tyrion (at Winterfell) he already performs acrobatic stunts that require a lot of agility and strength in the arms.Its quite clear in the books that he's had no weapons training. He would lack the physical strength in any case. Even if he had had training in Casterly Rock, he hadnt trained at all since, and he would certainly lack the strength of a common soldier in any case.GRRM has admitted that the acrobatic stunt that Tyrion pulls in his introduction was a mistake, as someone pointed out to him that a dwarf would not be able to do that in real life.
2442	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Eh, the scream I get you on, but the arrows just doesn't keep the continuity of their universe for me, if it was indeed that fast.It was like skinny ass Gandalf falling faster than that ginormous beast in the Twin Towers LOTR movie. Not that the arrows was that bad, but it's jarringly arguing that the laws of the universe bend at the whim of the author, rather than being completely structured to actual relevant realism.Which, GRRM's story is suppose to have some fantasy realism to it, so arguing for realism isn't completely unfair imo.Yes like Tyrion doing backflips vaulting off of roofs and cutting down knights in battle. It's a fantasy series, the guy is freaking good with a bow and killed men standing still at short range.
2443	Fat Mac	2013-04-15	I thought the Blackfish was way too much of a dick to Edmure. When Edmure kept missing the funeral boat in the book, wasn't Blackfish relatively okay with it, attributing it to Edmure's grief?
That was my main complaint (and I don't have many about the show). The Stannis scene was awkward, but I didn't mind it too much either. Even Stannis has urges I would expect, we just don't see it in the books since we see him through Davos and Jon's eyes.
2444	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Rant over, discuss.Firstly, I absolutely LOVE your userID. Douglas Adams For The Win!Secondly, I get what you are saying, especially the archery points. But I go further.Any time I see a bow in any Hollywood or TV production I wince... cos they are doing it wrong. That bow Meera is carrying? Yeah, throw it in the bin, its ruined. You don't leave bows - especially the Longbows and Recurve bows strung for any amount of time. Any archer who is relying on a bow for food will only string the bow immediately prior to a hunt and will destring it as soon as they have taken the kill. This preserves the string... sure, you carry spares, but leaving the bow strung causes the bow to "follow the sting". This means the wood in the bow becomes slightly bent and it never has the same power. As a guard, they will only string a bow once they are certain there is an enemy nearby. They never carry them strung 'just-in-case'.Also, any time I see an actor holding a Longbow or Recurve drawn for any amount of time I call BS. This is extremely hard to do, and all but impossible for a child to sustain for any more than a brief moment in time. You can do it with modern compound bows, but even when you watch something like the Olympics, you see the competitors waiting in the drawn stance for the wind to die, then they 'let down' after a few seconds. The stance Bran was holding in the dream is BS (but yes, I know it was a dream and therefore doesn't matter.)Its all about the practicalities of the production. Holding a drawn stance or lightning fast shooting of 4 arrows is all about dramatic effect. Having a guy walking around with an unstrung bow looks like he is walking around with a walking staff taller than he is. Next there is a battle and suddenly he has a bow and the audience goes "This is rubbish! Where did that bow suddenly come from?"Similarly for Jaime's lack of reflex reactions - its all about the dramatic effect not the practicalities... I mean his heart must have stopped too because there was a distinct lack of high pressure blood.The secret is to just take a breath and enjoy the show for what it is.... and its not a documentary.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 01:32 PM.
2445	Buster52	2013-04-15	GRRM is pretty guilty of this sort of thing at times. Tyrion during the battle of Blackwater? He was a whirlwind of death! Without any training and very little experience, suddenly he's able to cut his way through experienced men at arms and knights. It stretched believability when he was on a horse, but on foot?I boxed in my youth. I knew guys who had trained since children and were outstanding, skilled, nationally rated fighters. But a guy with natural ability and an iron jaw decides to enter a tournament and cleans house.It happens.
2446	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-15	I thought the Jaime scene was underwhelming. It just didn't feel as convincing as Theon's scenes, which i felt were amazing. Getting knocked off the horse reminds me of experiences getting winded myself. The ear ringing is nice touch too. Great acting and directing imo. (except for jaime's scene)
2447	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Firstly, I absolutely LOVE your userID. Douglas Adams For The Win!Secondly, I get what you are saying, especially the archery points. But I go further.Any time I see a bow in any Hollywood or TV production I wince... cos they are doing it wrong. That bow Meera is carrying? Yeah, throw it in the bin, its ruined. You don't leave bows - especially the Longbows and Recurve bows strung for any amount of time. Any archer who is relying on a bow for food will only string the bow immediately prior to a hunt and will destring it as soon as they have taken the kill. This preserves the string... sure, you carry spares, but leaving the bow strung causes the bow to "follow the sting". This means the wood in the bow becomes slightly bent and it never has the same power. As a guard, they will only string a bow once they are certain there is an enemy nearby. They never carry them strung 'just-in-case'.Also, any time I see an actor holding a Longbow or Recurve drawn for any amount of time I call BS. This is extremely hard to do, and all but impossible for a child to sustain for any more than a brief moment in time. You can do it with modern compound bows, but even when you watch something like the Olympics, you see the competitors waiting in the drawn stance for the wind to die, then they 'let down' after a few seconds. The stance Bran was holding in the dream is BS (but yes, I know it was a dream and therefore doesn't matter.)Its all about the practicalities of the production. Holding a drawn stance or lightning fast shooting of 4 arrows is all about dramatic effect. Having a guy walking around with an unstrung bow looks like he is walking around with a walking staff taller than he is. Next there is a battle and suddenly he has a bow and the audience goes "This is rubbish! Where did that bow suddenly come from?"Similarly for Jaime's lack of reflex reactions - its all about the dramatic effect not the practicalities... I mean his heart must have stopped too because there was a distinct lack of high pressure blood.The secret is to just take a breath and enjoy the show for what it is.... and its not a documentary.Ooh, thanks for that post, it was highly educational. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2448	Dove	2013-04-15	I thought the Blackfish was way too much of a dick to Edmure. When Edmure kept missing the funeral boat in the book, wasn't Blackfish relatively okay with it, attributing it to Edmure's grief?Haha, I figured I was the only one who felt this way! Everyone going on about how badass Blackfish was, he honestly just came across as a nagging dickhead to me.There's still plenty of time to built him up as a cool, understanding badass, but yeah.
2449	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Haha, I figured I was the only one who felt this way! Everyone going on about how badass Blackfish was, he honestly just came across as a nagging dickhead to me.There's still plenty of time to built him up as a cool, understanding badass, but yeah.No, I didn't like this change either.Blackfish is still a badass. Just so happens to be a jackass now too.
2450	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	Disagree about Jaime's reaction. Shock does that to you. I agree about the flail though. If that thing was a solid piece of metal then even a blow to the shoulder would've been enough to kill Theon, if the Bolton boy would've been able to swing the weapon while riding. Flails, morningstars and warhammers are pretty small weapons compared to swords and spears, because they have a huge mass concentrated on one end. I thought the flail that was used in the episode was freakishly big for a weapon used from a horseback. Getting hit by that in full swing while on a galloping horse would've broken all your ribs and turned the insides of your gut to mush, while Theon only got the wind punched out of him.
2451	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	I boxed in my youth. I knew guys who had trained since children and were outstanding, skilled, nationally rated fighters. But a guy with natural ability and an iron jaw decides to enter a tournament and cleans house.It happens.The point is that Tyrion is a dwarf and is cutting down knights on horseback with no training at all.
2452	a shadow	2013-04-15	The point is that Tyrion is a dwarf and is cutting down knights on horseback with no training at all.There was a recent GRRM interview, where he talked how the tales of brave knights bravely slaying dozens of enemies on the battlefield were an illusion in most cases, because they were armoured, armed, on a horseback and had tangible training, while their "enemies" were often former peasants, who, if not carrying a pitchfork or something like it, were unskillled and untrained. Blackwater was full of knights and highborns with training, but who is to say their training and skill were torougly better than Tyrion's?
2453	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	There was a recent GRRM interview, where he talked how the tales of brave knights bravely slaying dozens of enemies on the battlefield were an illusion in most cases, because they were armoured, armed, on a horseback and had tangible training, while their "enemies" were often former peasants, who, if not carrying a pitchfork or something like it, were unskillled and untrained.Blackwater was full of knights and highborns with training, but who is to say their training and skill were torougly better than Tyrion's?I recently read a book about the Battle of Poitiers in 1356. The cover quote says "The best battle scenes I have ever read of any author, past or present." - George R.R. MartinIn it the author was painstaking in recreating the Battle as accurately as possible. The French had dismounted and approached the English line to fight on foot. The thing seriously went on for hour after hour. Very few swords were used because both sides were fully armoured. The weapons were Warhammers, Halberds, Flails, Morning Stars etc. They just tried to bash their way through each others armour. After all those hours very few were dead, perhaps a couple of hundred on each side.(Eventually the French made a huge tactical error, the English mounted archers swept their flank and the French King was captured. The French lines were broken and they were routed. Thousands died in the rout but very few died in the battle itself. The French were NOT battle hardened and any who were 'fighters' had only ever done so on horseback.)So given that, I reject that anyone could seriously walk into armoured men and be a BAMF in reality.-----But ASOIAF is fiction, not a documentary.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 02:39 PM.
2454	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	There was a recent GRRM interview, where he talked how the tales of brave knights bravely slaying dozens of enemies on the battlefield were an illusion in most cases, because they were armoured, armed, on a horseback and had tangible training, while their "enemies" were often former peasants, who, if not carrying a pitchfork or something like it, were unskillled and untrained. Blackwater was full of knights and highborns with training, but who is to say their training and skill were torougly better than Tyrion's?Tyrion fights 3 times and does incredibly well all 3 times given his stature and complete lack of combat training. There is nothing to argue.
2455	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-15	Blackfish is still a badass. Just so happens to be a jackass now too./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2456	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-15	It was like skinny ass Gandalf falling faster than that ginormous beast in the Twin Towers LOTR movie. Galileo dislikes this post.
2457	Ser Luke.	2013-04-15	10 minute whore scene? The scene with the whores was like 2 minutes long.Oh, sorry about that. I actually wasn't sure of the exact time, but to me the entire scene (including Tyrion talking to Pod and Bronn afterwards) felt like forever. But if it actually was literally two minutes, then forget what I said earlier.
2458	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-15	I thought the Blackfish was way too much of a dick to Edmure. When Edmure kept missing the funeral boat in the book, wasn't Blackfish relatively okay with it, attributing it to Edmure's grief? I agree . In the books when Edmure misses, the Blackfish is alright with it, saying that when their father died Hoster missed as well. In fact the way they made Edmure look didnt impress me.
2459	teratomatastic	2013-04-15	I am really annoyed by this type of thing and it crops up ALL over the place in tv and movies. A good example would be the scene in the last Star wars film where general grievous elaborately flashes his lightsabers like two inches from Obi Wan's nose and the actor doesn't bat an eyelid. In reality, one would have an instant reaction to step back, jedi training or not I call B.S. Of course in reality that thing is CGI'd in and the actor has no idea what he's looking at so that's why.Because I've been juggling for a few years now, I actually don't have as much of a flinch reflex as other people.  I'll blink if something's headed towards my face, but oftentimes I won't react at all aside from that. I found this out when a friend jokingly almost punched me in the face, and I didn't move.  So.  It's possible to not have that 'instant reaction' to step back.  And I'm not even a jedi /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2460	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-15	Yeah I completely disagree with the Jaime thing.When I was a lil' kid, I can't recall how many times I would fall off my bike or something and get up fine... then seconds later look at my elbow to see it gushing with blood and THEN proceed to bawl my eyes out.I've never had my hand cut off, but I assume it would be relatively the same idea in the sense that the scream doesn't have to come right away until he sees it.This exactly. I thought the pause was quite effective. It was shock at what happened.
2461	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I agree . In the books when Edmure misses, the Blackfish is alright with it, saying that when their father died Hoster missed as well. In fact the way they made Edmure look didnt impress me.They should have split the difference for TV, the BF could have rolled his eyes and looked annoyed, but no need for the explanation to make him feel better.  He should not have totally shoved Edmure, the new Lord of Riverrun out of the way like that, shaming him before all his people.  That was too much.
2462	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-15	They should have split the difference for TV, the BF could have rolled his eyes and looked annoyed, but no need for the explanation to make him feel better.  He should not have totally shoved Edmure, the new Lord of Riverrun out of the way like that, shaming him before all his people.  That was too much.The shoving and Robbs treatment of him made him look too stupid to be taken seriously. i dont know why the show just keeps making Robb look like this genius at the expense of other characters like Catelyn or Edmure, It really bothers me.
2463	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	The shoving and Robbs treatment of him made him look too stupid to be taken seriously. i dont know why the show just keeps making Robb look like this genius at the expense of other characters like Catelyn or Edmure, It really bothers me.Edmure was pretty stupid in the book, you've got to admit. I don't think they've made Robb look like a genius in the show, on the contrary, with the Talisa storyline and no real impetus to marry her except "I want to" AND having gotten the advice against it from his mother, which he didn't get in the books, he's less sympathetic than in the book, where at least you could comprehend how such a stupid turn of events may have happened.
2464	Morrigan	2013-04-15	Two of those arrows were Edmure's /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I LOLed at that. Good one.Yeah, they made Edmure lamer and Blackfish meaner, but it's a small change and it doesn't bother me. Hopefully Edmure mans up a bit later, so it'll make his character more compelling. I'm looking forward to the AFFC confrontation between Jaime and the Blackfish. Though we won't have the funny internal monologue about honour being a horse. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2465	congokong	2013-04-15	I wouldn't call this a little criticism; kind of a big one actually considering the name of the show.Did anyone feel really disappointed by the small council scene? I loved that chapter in the books (Tyrion III) because it really dove into the politics of Westeros. Yet in the show, half of it is spent with the characters just staring at each other as they find a seat. Many of the people from the books are missing, and it's cut back severely in dialogue. I'm not going to list what because there's too much, but considering the time the writers have to put in things like Pod getting laid I'd think they could make room for this.Some of it will surely be added later (Tyrion marrying Sansa), but still.
2466	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-15	When Robb was talking about having the Mountain's head, I think it would have been nice if he had said something about possibly winning the Martells to his cause. I think the show missed an opportunity to throw in a Martell reference, foreshadow future events, and also show Robb's naivete and lack of political awareness.I wouldn't call this a little criticism; kind of a big one actually considering the name of the show.Did anyone feel really disappointed by the small council scene? I loved that chapter in the books (Tyrion III) because it really dove into the politics of Westeros. Yet in the show, half of it is spent with the characters just staring at each other as they find a seat. Many of the people from the books are missing, and it's cut back severely in dialogue. I'm not going to list what because there's too much, but considering the time the writers have to put in things like Pod getting laid I'd think they could make room for this.Some of it will surely be added later (Tyrion marrying Sansa), but still. I definitely agree with this. Moving the chairs was a nice scene... but not when we consider the fact that so much material is being cut. There was such a great dynamic in that small council scene; the rivalries, tension and conflict between all six characters felt real, even though this was the first time they'd all been in a room together at the same time. It was a good scene, but it could have been so much better.
2467	congokong	2013-04-15	I definitely agree with this. Moving the chairs was a nice scene... but not when we consider the fact that so much material is being cut. There was such a great dynamic in that small council scene; the rivalries, tension and conflict between all six characters felt real, even though this was the first time they'd all been in a room together at the same time. It was a good scene, but it could have been so much better.The irony is one of the few things they did discuss was actually not in that chapter; Jaime's freedom from captivity. I don't need to tell you that in the books no one but Tywin and a few others were made aware of it. I have to shake my head at the claim that "D+D are trying to be as faithful as possible" sometimes.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 15 April 2013 - 04:52 PM.
2468	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I strongly disagree with the Jaime scene. That was executed fucking PERFECTLY.
2469	The hairy bear	2013-04-15	GRRM has admitted that the acrobatic stunt that Tyrion pulls in his introduction was a mistake, as someone pointed out to him that a dwarf would not be able to do that in real life.Not only this is false, but GRRM has actually said the opposite.Tyrion is not a weakling: he does difficult acrobacies in AGOT, wields battleaxes in ACOK, and strangles young healthy womans like Shae in ASOS. His only problem are his stunted legs.
2470	TheOtherDany	2013-04-15	The Stannis/Melisandre scene. This is part of a much larger criticism of Stannis on the show. Where are his insults? His determination? I know not everyone loves Stannis like I do, but he's so pathetic in every scene this season...staring at Melisandre like a sad little puppy dog. I don't understand.
2471	congokong	2013-04-15	Not only this is false, but GRRM has actually said the opposite.Tyrion is not a weakling: he does difficult acrobacies in AGOT, wields battleaxes in ACOK, and strangles young healthy womans like Shae in ASOS. His only problem are his stunted legs.I do remember in an interview where GRRM was asked if he wanted to change anything in his books, he mentioned Tyrion's introduction because he found out later what Tyrion did was "impossible." I don't remember which interview but I'm sure I heard him say that.That link you gave may have been before he learned this (it was 2002).
2472	Reposado	2013-04-15	It was like skinny ass Gandalf falling faster than that ginormous beast in the Twin Towers LOTR movie.wait what? that's how gravity works. heavier stuff doesnt fall any faster than lighter stuff.
2473	Reposado	2013-04-15	They've slowed Theon's arc, if anything. We don't see all this weird shit Ramsey does, we just hear about it later. Although I agree with Stannis.This thread is hilarious though. We're reading books and watching a series containing magic, dragons, and undead killing machines but its all for nought because someone screamed unrealistically and another guy got off too many arrows in a short span of time.terrible complaint. the fantasy world is the premise. within that world, logic should hold, and there is no reason to complain about logic of human behavior just because dragons exist
2474	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	We have never been told that Tyrion had no training in arms in Casterly Rock, so I don't see a problem at all. The first time we see Tyrion (at Winterfell) he already performs acrobatic stunts that require a lot of agility and strength in the arms.That's true. People aiming arrows at the top of a seven hundreed feet Wall (equivalent to a 45 floors skyscraper) is just unbeliavable.I heard in an interview that GRRM didnt know height when he described the wall and when he visited some place that had an elevation of like 700 feet or so realized he may have exaggerated too much
2475	teemo	2013-04-15	I'm still upset that the Bolton colors are changed /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2476	Foune	2013-04-15	I have no idea how the reaction would be against a limb loss, but what I've heard is that it would do so much pain that you wouldn't even feel it, or maybe you're just to chocked to feel it, what you saw in Jaime's eyes when he cut his hand off was chock for 1 seconds and then realization.
I totally agree about the Theon thing though, a flail is a TERRIBLE weapon, you smash someone in that momentum of speed and his head will be blown to bits, or if he struck his chest it would rip open, that weapon does such terrible damage in normal combat and I can imagine that in that mounted speed it would be 3x times as fatal.
Ramsay shooting 4 men in 4 seconds I could agree with if it was a seasoned veteran archer, not bloody Ramsay who dosn't even know how to swing a sword properly. But I still think that logic can still hold in a fantasy like GoT, but only for TV showing, if he had done that in the books I would be ''wtf is this a video game?''.
2477	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I actually loved the badass archery skills ''you little bastard''
OH YES
2478	rocksniffer	2013-04-15	This post is about some scenes in the show which I felt bummed about, even if they are little things.First one is the scene with Jamie getting his hand cut off...<snip>Rant over, discuss.as a war vet i can tell you with absolute certainty that you can lose limbs and not even know it til you try to take your next step or scratch your ass...One of the very well-known effects of shock is that things you might consider normal parts of the voluntary and involuntary reaction process don't in fact happen. People in WWI or WWII torn up by shrapnel would sometimes pick up body parts and carry them around, not quite grasping what had happened or really processing the pain until a later time.In other words, it does in fact happen.agreed it was just like that in vietnam too , Ran.That's not really a plot hole or inconsistency. Ramsay is a psychopath and this game he's playing is risky, dangerous, callous, and twisted. That's pretty much his MO in the novels too.was it ramsey i didn't get that. i saw the guy say bastard but i didn't get that it was ramsey... on me i guess...1. I wasn't a fan of the Stannis scene2. I think they're doing too much, too fast with Theon.i was surprised by the theon scenes but now i guess i am on board with the idea that several scenes of torture would be boring so...perhaps they also wanted to include the actor in this season...if memory serves he hadn't any or few POVs in storm of swords...though i may be wrong...As someone nicely explicated on another thread, the scene with Pod was a setup for his future activities. With grim unrelenting torture and mayhem, why begrudge a couple of minutes of good ole orgying.i agree we don't know where show Pod is going...and I was happy he finally got some, and the knot gag was classic... Edmure was pretty stupid in the book, you've got to admit.I don't think they've made Robb look like a genius in the show, on the contrary, with the Talisa storyline and no real impetus to marry her except "I want to" AND having gotten the advice against it from his mother, which he didn't get in the books, he's less sympathetic than in the book, where at least you could comprehend how such a stupid turn of events may have happened. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2479	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	First let me say overall I really liked this episode, probably will be one of the better this season if only an average one I will be very happy this season.  Now my criticisms which are pretty minor with a couple that I think are slightly more important, but not to the point of Robb/Talisa, Jon season 2 bad.
1. Wimpy Stannis-simply blech.  They could have gotten that scene right so easily.  Have Stannis ordering Mel to go get Gendry, with the implication of future sacrifice.  That would have empowered Stannis greatly and not made him a weakling.
2. Eye rolling musical chairs-I literally rolled my eyes at this.  Blech, yes we get it Tywin is the real power in KL.  Why not give us some of the terrific dialogue instead.
3. Whole Pod episode was nauseatingly stupid.  Please stop insulting the viewers like this.  GoT is not a teen comedy.  We viewers want a serious fantasy show
4. Weak Edmure and Mean Blackfish.  slight character changes for relatively minor characters so no skin off my nose, but why cant D&D have some subtlety in some of theircharacters?  A sympathetic uncle to Edmure would be far more engaging than a one note tough guy
5. Will someone please call BS on Robb and his worrying about losses to his forces?  I Mean your actions caused the loss of the Freys.  But I will give D&D the benefit of the doubt that this speech from Robb wll comeback to bite him shortly.
6. Tormund going over the wall with 20 fighters?  And that is supposed to pose a threat to Castle Black?  PUHLEASE
7. Somebody has to explain to me how Locke who last week was worried about losing his head for letting Jamie go suddenly decides out of the blue to cut his hand off?  Either you are a relatively intelligent man who knows what his punishment is or you are someone who acts rashly.  Consistency man consistency.  I see no justification for Locke taking Jamie's hand.
8. Ramsey killing 4 of his men. 
I am sure I could think of a few others, time to rewatch.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 15 April 2013 - 06:18 PM.
2480	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	terrible complaint. the fantasy world is the premise. within that world, logic should hold, and there is no reason to complain about logic of human behavior just because dragons existThis is a case of you projecting into the fantasy world. The world isn't a premise, it's a whole world, created by someone else. Why is it okay for seasons to last years but its not ok for someone to loose 4 arrows in 10 seconds?
2481	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	oh and Ghost at Caster's keep. Something is wrong there.  If he senses danger he should be in there growling.  He already has tried to protect the LC in the past.
2482	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	BTW 2 full minutes wasted on the chair escapades.  You mean to tell me there wouldnt be a better use of that time?
2483	Birdsong65	2013-04-15	One glaring inconsistency I simply cannot reconcile:How is it that 6'3" Brienne, in full warrior armor, sword, and much lauded physical imperfections, and Theon, a not unattractive guy,  thank you, Sansa, understood to be a great beauty betrothed to a Lannister, and from a great house herself, during a riot, are all at risk for rape, but unguarded, unescorted, attractive Talisa, Volantine Medicine Woman, is not, nor has ever been at risk for rape?  The Northern forces are simply more gentlemanly and genteel? I'm just calling D&D out on this thoroughly inconsistent plot.  Invent new characters all you want, but at least have sense enough to keep the overall "misogynistic," for lack of a word, theme intact therein.Damn, is honest and consistent misogeny too much to ask for now?  The hell?<rant over>
2484	Dove	2013-04-15	Are people really complaining about Jaime's scream/reaction to his hand? I thought it was really, really great. Just the right mix of shock, disbelief, delayed pain, and "HOLY FUCK MY GODDAMN HAND"
2485	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	BTW one thing I really really liked was the interplay between Dany, Selmy and Mormont.  Nuanced and incredible acting.
2486	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	BTW one thing I really really liked was the interplay between Dany, Selmy and Mormont.  Nuanced and incredible acting.I liked when she tells Kraznys she wants to buy all 8000 and Mormont gives Barristan this little look like "Haha you see she listens to me" and Selmy's all don't fuck with me Mormont!
2487	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I think they're doing too much, too fast with Theon.Yeah, I really agree with you.  And in the midst of it all, I just keep remembering that we don't even see Theon again until 5th (4th?  but I think it's the 5th) book.  I think an especially terrific job was done with Theon's story line last season, and it's not that I don't want to see him show up any this season, it's just that there is so, so much other stuff going on, and I think cutting back on that stuff will really hurt the series.
2488	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	oh and the whol Pod story took over 6 minutes of time, inc. the interplay with LF and Bronn and Tyrion talking, with only the Myrennese knot joke and the mention of the bank. Complete waste of time.
So nearly 16% of the episode was devoted to nonsense
oh and 4 arrows fired in 4 seconds by Ramsey
2489	dubq	2013-04-15	I'm more irritated by what I see as glaring plot  holes and inconsistencies.Like Arya spending the entire last season at Harenhall and never once mentioning or seeing soldiers from her brother's army held prisoner there...and then all of a sudden this season it appears that several  hundred of them were held prisoner there and are now dead.Yeah because none of that could happen in the time since she left Harrenhal.. Nope. Also, 200 is not "several hundred."Or Ramsey letting Theon escape but not telling any of his own men about it and then killing them, whose going to believe that a tortured Theon with no weapon was able to kill all 5 of these guys with a bow?Yes because Ramsay is not a psychopath at all, right?Or the crazy hodgepodge they've made of the timing on Bran and Rickon's "deaths" and Robb's marriage, and now we find out show Robb thinks they are not even dead?So, what you're trying to say is, is that "I am having  problems comprehending that the books are not the same thing as the show, so WAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" Noted.
2490	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	So, what you're trying to say is, is that "I am having  problems comprehending that the books are not the same thing as the show, so WAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" Noted.That's what 50% of the posts are, just sift through them.
2491	dubq	2013-04-15	That's what 50% of the posts are, just sift through them.I'm trying. I really am. It wears thin after about 3 minutes of browsing, though... O_O
2492	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Yeah because none of that could happen in the time since she left Harrenhal.. Nope. Also, 200 is not "several hundred."Yes because Ramsay is not a psychopath at all, right?So, what you're trying to say is, is that "I am having  problems comprehending that the books are not the same thing as the show, so WAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" Noted.Lot of stuff "could happen" but the show doesn't bother to explain how it did happen, the show doesn't bother to explain even in one line how it came to be that Arya spent an entire season at Harenhall with never a  mention or a sight of Northern prisoners and there are 200 dead Northerners who were killed by the Mountain.  I could fill in a whole set of events or I might expect not to have to bother with it, that's the show's job, not to leave glaring plot holes like that unexplained.Ramsey is a psychopath.  Um, yeah, okay.  But, sorry, any way you look at the scene it does not make sense.  How are the Bolton men supposed to think Theon escaped on his own and got a horse and got out of the castle.  It's absurd.  Or, alternatively, the men chasing Theon were in on the fake hunt, but Ramsey kills them anyway...what are the rest of the Bolton men going think about this then?  Is that going to be believable, that Theon the torture victim killed all 5 of them? It doesn't matter that Ramsey is a psychopath, this series of events is not believable, whether the Dreadfort men were or were not in on Theon's escape.I could go into the many stupidities that have been introduced into the Robb storyline but I gather by your tone that you aren't interested in any positive engagement with criticism of the series interpretation and prefer to dismiss it out of hand.
2493	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	1) The Jaime scene was perfect, Nikolaj is amazing as Jaime.
2)  The arrows Ramsay shot...who cares, it seemed normal to me.
3) Not a big fan of that Stannis scene
4) Did not like the whole Pod scene, I thought it was dumb.
2494	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	I didn't like how it wasn't exactly like in the book. They don't need to write any scripts it is already there for them! It's not that hard... geez.
You would think that the showrunners were dealing with a multi-million dollar blockbuster show consisting of the biggest cast on television, because it isn't even a big enough cast and they can afford to add more things to it. If it's not in the books it shouldn't be on the show, its like, basic math, or something.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 07:35 PM.
2495	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I didn't like how it wasn't exactly like in the book. They don't need to write any scripts it is already there for them! It's not that hard... geez.You would think that the showrunners were dealing with a multi-million dollar blockbuster show consisting of the biggest cast on television, because it isn't even a big enough cast and they can afford to add more things to it. If it's not in the books it shouldn't be on the show, its like, basic math, or something.umm yeh, i don't really agree with you here. they are two separate things, not one and the same. with all adaptions to screen some liberties must be taken.
2496	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	it always amazes me that certain posters can type with their lips firmly attached to D&D's butts.
2497	Dove	2013-04-15	I get that everyone has their own personal gripes with the show and nitpicks to make, that's partially what this forum is for, but some people are just so unrelentingly negative and analytical! With some of you guys there's such a "IT'S NOT LIKE THE BOOKS, HATED IT" kind of thing going on that I wonder what you're even getting out of the show at this point since it's obviously not enjoyment.
2498	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	it always amazes me that certain posters can type with their lips firmly attached to D&D's butts.hope that's not aimed at me for realising yes, these are two different mediums, completely different mediums, and the adaption doesn't need to be an exact rip from the book. there do need to be changes to accommodate the different mediums; ect barristan reveal straight away.
2499	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	hope that's not aimed at me for realising yes, these are two different mediums, completely different mediums, and the adaption doesn't need to be an exact rip from the book. there do need to be changes to accommodate the different mediums; ect barristan reveal straight away.That's true, and there have been invented scenes that weren't in the book that were fantastic, like the scene between Cersei and Robert on their marriage, all the exchanges between Arya and Tywin.But, it is OFTEN true that the best dialogue comes straight from the book, and the places where the show has lagged the most has been where they have made the most changes.Just as one example, the truncation of the halfhand story last season, if you blinked twice you would have missed the whole plot point that the halfhand wanted Jon to go undercover.  It almost appeared like an accident in the show, and instead of the greatest ranger ever he comes off as sort of an old fool.  Surely they could have captured the essense of the story in a better way and kept in some of Jon and his conversations to give a better anchor to that storyline.
2500	winterstood	2013-04-15	I am really annoyed by this type of thing and it crops up ALL over the place in tv and movies. A good example would be the scene in the last Star wars film where general grievous elaborately flashes his lightsabers like two inches from Obi Wan's nose and the actor doesn't bat an eyelid. In reality, one would have an instant reaction to step back, jedi training or not I call B.S. Of course in reality that thing is CGI'd in and the actor has no idea what he's looking at so that's why.Kobe didn't flinch or blink when dude faked throwing a basketball full on into his face from 18 inches away! He's not even a jedi. If he could do it in real life, Obi Wan could. Easily.
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 15 April 2013 - 08:07 PM.
2501	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	That's true, and there have been invented scenes that weren't in the book that were fantastic, like the scene between Cersei and Robert on their marriage, all the exchanges between Arya and Tywin.But, it is OFTEN true that the best dialogue comes straight from the book, and the places where the show has lagged the most has been where they have made the most changes.Just as one example, the truncation of the halfhand story last season, if you blinked twice you would have missed the whole plot point that the halfhand wanted Jon to go undercover.  It almost appeared like an accident in the show, and instead of the greatest ranger ever he comes off as sort of an old fool.  Surely they could have captured the essense of the story in a better way and kept in some of Jon and his conversations to give a better anchor to that storyline.Oh, I agree with you though. I'm just saying there are limitations with the different medium. But when there is a scene that can be taken from the book. (Like Tywin and Tyrion this season) it's fucking fantastic. But there are some things that have to be changed. ie, having certain characters dissappear for 3 seasons, or have a ''disguised character''
2502	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	hope that's not aimed at me for realising yes, these are two different mediums, completely different mediums, and the adaption doesn't need to be an exact rip from the book. there do need to be changes to accommodate the different mediums; ect barristan reveal straight away.certainly not! more directed at all the anti book purists out there, trying to stifle discussions of the show
2503	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	certainly not! more directed at all the anti book purists out there, trying to stifle discussions of the showoh yes. there must be some discussions and i very much agree with you that there are some things ie pod scene that are just TAKING UP TIME when it could have been spent with jon + wildlings or with arya and BWB.
2504	Reposado	2013-04-15	This is a case of you projecting into the fantasy world. The world isn't a premise, it's a whole world, created by someone else. Why is it okay for seasons to last years but its not ok for someone to loose 4 arrows in 10 seconds?actually, i said nothing about arrows. what i said was, the existence of dragons and magic doesnt excuse plot holes and logical inconsistencies.in response to the millionth time that someone has defended a plot hole by saying "this is a show with dragons and the dead walking"if the fact that people can shoot arrows at a faster rate in westeros than on earth then, cool.
					
					
							Edited by Reposado, 15 April 2013 - 08:18 PM.
2505	Jolene Brown	2013-04-15	it always amazes me that certain posters can type with their lips firmly attached to D&D's butts.  It's one thing to defend the show, it's another to literally refuse to accept even the mildest of criticism and to act like any criticism of any deviation, no matter how enormous, is exactly the same as complaining about Syrio's hair or whatever.  It's just out of hand at times.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 16 April 2013 - 03:49 PM.
2506	winterstood	2013-04-15	1. Wimpy Stannis-simply blech.  They could have gotten that scene right so easily.  Have Stannis ordering Mel to go get Gendry, with the implication of future sacrifice.  That would have empowered Stannis greatly and not made him a weakling.Stannis wouldn't even know about Gendry. The only reason mel does is because of her supernatural powers and reading the flames.2. Eye rolling musical chairs-I literally rolled my eyes at this.  Blech, yes we get it Tywin is the real power in KL.  Why not give us some of the terrific dialogue instead.I loved that scene. It was funny. interesting. and told us A LOT about the power dynamics at KL with very little dialogue. Brilliant.3. Whole Pod episode was nauseatingly stupid.  Please stop insulting the viewers like this.  GoT is not a teen comedy.  We viewers want a serious fantasy showSpeak for yourself. This IS a serious, funny and entertaining fantasy show that's doing the best that it can with only 10 episodes a season adapted from a VERY dense and complicated book series.4. Weak Edmure and Mean Blackfish.  slight character changes for relatively minor characters so no skin off my nose, but why cant D&D have some subtlety in some of theircharacters?  A sympathetic uncle to Edmure would be far more engaging than a one note tough guyBlackfish was hardly one note. He was sympathetic and generous to Cat and appropriately miffed at Edmure. Show-edmure was a jackass - he couldn't do basic stuff like light the funeral cairn on fire and then he impulsively ruined Robb's chances of killing the mountain which would have been a significant victory.5. Will someone please call BS on Robb and his worrying about losses to his forces?  I Mean your actions caused the loss of the Freys.  But I will give D&D the benefit of the doubt that this speech from Robb wll comeback to bite him shortly.Old Walder Frey being a tenuous ally at best and an old prick caused the loss of the frey's. Not many other lords would make major decisions based on minor shit like a marriage. Afterall - he lost winterfell (By Robb marrying Talisa) but they replace that with RiverRun - which is a massive fealty - so that is more than enough of a consolation prize. But Walder Frey is an old, evil prick, so.....6. Tormund going over the wall with 20 fighters?  And that is supposed to pose a threat to Castle Black?  PUHLEASEWere you even watching the show!? Please don't criticize if you don't even understand what's going on. The 20-odd wildlings were a spy/reconnaissance force and their job would be to look for weaknesses and then give word to the MAIN wildling force still with Mance.7. Somebody has to explain to me how Locke who last week was worried about losing his head for letting Jamie go suddenly decides out of the blue to cut his hand off?  Either you are a relatively intelligent man who knows what his punishment is or you are someone who acts rashly.  Consistency man consistency.  I see no justification for Locke taking Jamie's hand.Locke was purporting to be loyal to the King in the North last week and this week he is purporting the same. Wounding Lannister would piss Tywin a helluva lot more than any of the northmen.8. Ramsey killing 4 of his men.Ramsay is a fucking pschopath. Next.
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 15 April 2013 - 08:20 PM.
2507	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Oh, I agree with you though.I'm just saying there are limitations with the different medium.But when there is a scene that can be taken from the book. (Like Tywin and Tyrion this season) it's fucking fantastic.But there are some things that have to be changed. ie, having certain characters dissappear for 3 seasons, or have a ''disguised character''Yeah, everyone has their pet peeves.  I didn't care about weasle soup or that Arya hasn't killed anyone else yet, or there was no Reek [though now I am seeing a bit of a butterfly effect from that set of choices], or god forbid no stupid Strong Belwas.  I was a little disappointed with the House of the Undying, I at least wanted her to see some dead Targaryens and get some vision/prophecy tips, but otherwise I could even live with the kind of dumbed down 'OMG who stole ma dragons' plot.But the Talisa story sent me right over the edge, and the Halfhand debacle, the pointless time spent on Ros and other extraneous BS like the super long Pod scene for no reason apparently other than naked women and to throw in merenese knot. and what seems more and more like a strange emphasis on trivial stuff where an extra 2 or 3 minutes on some crucial scene could really have made a difference in the resonance.
2508	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Yeah, everyone has their pet peeves.  I didn't care about weasle soup or that Arya hasn't killed anyone else yet, or there was no Reek [though now I am seeing a bit of a butterfly effect from that set of choices], or god forbid no stupid Strong Belwas.  I was a little disappointed with the House of the Undying, I at least wanted her to see some dead Targaryens and get some vision/prophecy tips, but otherwise I could even live with the kind of dumbed down 'OMG who stole ma dragons' plot.But the Talisa story sent me right over the edge, and the Halfhand debacle, the pointless time spent on Ros and other extraneous BS like the super long Pod scene for no reason apparently other than naked women and to throw in merenese knot. and what seems more and more like a strange emphasis on trivial stuff where an extra 2 or 3 minutes on some crucial scene could really have made a difference in the resonance.Yeh, I pretty much agree with you again /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Talisa is so awful...
2509	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	Stannis wouldn't even know about Gendry. The only reason mel does is because of her supernatural powers and reading the flames.I loved that scene. It was funny. interesting. and told us A LOT about the power dynamics at KL with very little dialogue. Brilliant.Speak for yourself. This IS a serious, funny and entertaining fantasy show that's doing the best that it can with only 10 episodes a season adapted from a VERY dense and complicated book series.Blackfish was hardly one note. He was sympathetic and generous to Cat and appropriately miffed at Edmure. Show-edmure was a jackass - he couldn't do basic stuff like light the funeral cairn on fire and then he impulsively ruined Robb's chances of killing the mountain which would have been a significant victory.Old Walder Frey being a tenuous ally at best and an old prick caused the loss of the frey's. Not many other lords would make major decisions based on minor shit like a marriage. Afterall - he lost winterfell (By Robb marrying Talisa) but they replace that with RiverRun - which is a massive fealty - so that is more than enough of a consolation prize. But Walder Frey is an old, evil prick, so.....Were you even watching the show!? Please don't criticize if you don't even understand what's going on. The 20-odd wildlings were a spy/reconnaissance force and their job would be to look for weaknesses and then give word to the MAIN wildling force still with Mance.Locke was purporting to be loyal to the King in the North last week and this week he is purporting the same. Wounding Lannister would piss Tywin a helluva lot more than any of the northmen.Ramsay is a fucking pschopath. Next.then mel could have explained to Stannis that there is a bastard outthere with kings blood and he could have ordered her to get him, empowering Stannisit is something new that Tywin is the power in KL?sophmoric joking about a teen losing his virginity and being a sexual powerhouse sort of takes one out of the fantasy world being establishedactually Edmure's orders (from the book) were unclear and Robb never explained to Edmure what he should do, so the fault was actually with Robb, but again a minor change and making an extreme bafoon out of Edmure is lazy storytelling, but whatever he is a relatively minor character.huh what?  Riverrun replaced Frey's men?  not sure your point, but on the face of it is simply incorrect.  Frey is a vassal of Riverrun.you must have missed the point where Mance tells Tormund that there are no defenses south of the wall, so perhap you were the one not paying attention, btw I love when people are arrogantly insulting and objectively wrong  Mance-"When I give the signal hit them in the back"a servent of the KotN or Roose Bolton who is clearly knowledgable that Jaimie is an important prisoner should realize that messing with said prisoner could have life altering effects on him.  Locke was established as a thoughtful antagonist, then acts irrationally.so ramsey is a psychopath, he wouldnt get strung up by the rest of the soldiers at the Dreadfort?
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 15 April 2013 - 08:37 PM.
2510	winterstood	2013-04-15	then mel could have explained to Stannis that there is a bastard outthere with kings blood and he could have ordered her to get him, empowering Stannisit is something new that Tywin is the power in KL?sophmoric joking about a teen losing his virginity and being a sexual powerhouse sort of takes one out of the fantasy world being establishedactually Edmure's orders (from the book) were unclear and Robb never explained to Edmure what he should do, so the fault was actually with Robb, but again a minor change and making an extreme bafoon out of Edmure is lazy storytelling, but whatever he is a relatively minor character.huh what?  Riverrun replaced Frey's men?  not sure your point, but on the face of it is simply incorrect.  Frey is a vassal of Riverrun.you must have missed the point where Mance tells Tormund that there are no defenses south of the wall, so perhap you were the one not paying attentiona servent of the KotN or Roose Bolton who is clearly knowledgable that Jaimie is an important prisoner should realize that messing with said prisoner could have life altering effects on him.  Locke was established as a thoughtful antagonist, then acts irrationally.so ramsey is a psychopath, he wouldnt get strung up by the rest of the soldiers at the Dreadfort?Stannis is in thrall to Mel - both in the books and in the show. That's just how his character is. Your complaint amounts to "I would like his character to be different"  - but his character is the way GRRM wrote it. He's in thrall to this red god chic.Of course Tyrion has a certain amount of power - he's still Tywin's son - that's why he's at the meeting in the first place and that's why - as pissed off as Tywin is at him - he still proposes him for Treasurer and will go on to try and wed Sansa to him.Nonsense. This isn't just a fantasy epic where good elves battle evil orcs and dragons. This is a realistic vision of a world where many of the same things that affect us in real life - affect them. Sex and violence are a part of life. It was an entertaining scene. Period - that's enough justification for it. Sorry it didn't meet your "high" standards. (Oh brother!)We're dealing with show-Edmure here and show-edmure is a jackass and got appropriately told off by the King and the Blackfish.My point was that by marrying Frey to a Stark - the Frey's would've gotten further access/intimacy to Winterfell. they lost that by Robb marrying Talisa but they were given a colsolation prize in Edmure being given to them. That would give them closer access/intimacy to Riverrun - more than simply being the vassals to their leige lords.Mance specifically sends Jon Snow with Tormund - citing the fact that Jon snow knows the Castle intimately. The spy force is there to look for openings and weaknesses and then to report back to the MAIN force still with Mance. I watched the show.As far as Locke/Jaime - the very last scene we all saw was Locke cutting off his hand so the show hasn't even gotten into his justifications for it. Strange to criticize it saying it doensn't make sense when they haven't even gotten to that point yet! In the book - we don't find out the real reason Vargo Hoat chopped off his hand until many chapters later.Uh yeah..duh! Ramsay is a sociopath and a psychopath. Did you read the book? and no one's stringing him up he runs the dreadfort in the absence of Roose Bolton.
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 15 April 2013 - 08:45 PM.
2511	zaphodbrx	2013-04-15	Thanks for the 'shell shock' comments, didn't know that could happen.actually Edmure's orders (from the book) were unclear and Robb never explained to Edmure what he should do, so the fault was actually with Robb, but again a minor change and making an extreme bafoon out of Edmure is lazy storytelling, but whatever he is a relatively minor character.Yes exactly. Book Edmure was a relatively decent chap who took his own initiative in absence of complete information. Show Edmure is an idiot derided by everyone.you must have missed the point where Mance tells Tormund that there are no defenses south of the wall, so perhap you were the one not paying attention, btw I love when people are arrogantly insulting and objectively wrong  Mance-"When I give the signal hit them in the back"This reminded me how weird this scene was.. Tormund asks what the signal would be and Mance replies that he would light the biggest fire the North had ever seen. Except you know, they would have the wall between them so they couldn't see anything.
2512	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	Thanks for the 'shell shock' comments, didn't know that could happen.Yes exactly. Book Edmure was a relatively decent chap who took his own initiative in absence of complete information. Show Edmure is an idiot derided by everyone.[/background][/font][/color]This reminded me how weird this scene was.. Tormund asks what the signal would be and Mance replies that he would light the biggest fire the North had ever seen. Except you know, they would have the wall between them so they couldn't see anything.makes sense cause Tormund will have Orell with his eagle.and again Mance says look for my signal then hit them in the back cause theyhave no defenses.  Not spying, not reconnaissance, a flank attack plain andsimple
2513	pretzalz	2013-04-15	Just out of curiosity I timed the arrow strikes:
0.0
7.7
9.1
10.5
12.8
So the last 4 arrows took 5.1 seconds, but isn't that really 3 arrows in 5.1 seconds since we don't really know how long the first arrow took him?  I'm sure this won't convince people that don't think it's possible and it is just quibbling, but 3 in 5.1 seconds would be .7 of a second slower per arrow than 4 in 4 seconds.
2514	Silverx2	2013-04-15	http://www.youtube.c...nxeSbb3g#t=276s
Looks like its possible that he could take out 4 people in 32 seconds
2515	johnnysd	2013-04-15	This post is about some scenes in the show which I felt bummed about, even if they are little things.First one is the scene with Jamie getting his hand cut off. You can clearly see here that there is like half a second where Jamie looks at is hand and then goes, okay this is my cue to scream, and does so.This can't really work in real life. Your hand gets cut, that message goes straight to your brain. You don't have to look at the damn thing. Also, screaming is INVOLUNTARY. It's a reaction. You don't get to think about it, it just happens.Actually you are 100% wrong here. In truly traumatic events like the complete severing of an appendage there is a delay in the reaction just like they showed here. My cousin cut off too of his fingers with a table saw, and his mind did not even register the pain for several seconds at which point he sort of stuck them back on and ran and hid in the woods. A friend of mine severed his hand diagonally when a sheet of metal fell off the edge of a truck. He clearly stated that he looked at it without pain and said "my hand is cut in half" and then a couple seconds later he said it was the worst pain he had ever felt and he blacked out. So from these anecdotes it seems that Jamies reaction might be even medically correct. The shock of the event might delay the pain sensation.
2516	Messiah X	2013-04-15	A lot of my quips about this episode have already been addressed (mostly just Pod).
Anyway, one I didn't see: I didn't like the rendition of "The Bear and the Maiden Fair." Not the 90's punk rendition that got generally negative reviews (although I didn't care for that either) but the one being sung by the riders early in the episode. I don't like the way the song sounds. This isn't simply because it didn't match what I imagined the song to sound like as I read the books, this is actual more a criticism of the music they wrote for the song. It just sounded too "epic" and almost too complex for a song that always seemed simplistic and whimsical. Essentially it feels like they took a fun drinking tune and turned it into an epic march song. I can't imagine regular people actually being able to sing that around the table after a couple of pints, and even moreso could not imagine Butterbumps cartwheeling around the room and being able to keep up with it. This is a song that I feel should have been crude, simple, and humorous, something less complex and fast and rather more bouncy and humorous.
But then again, this is the nitpick thread /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2517	Cravensbayne	2013-04-16	Its quite clear in the books that he's had no weapons training. He would lack the physical strength in any case. Even if he had had training in Casterly Rock, he hadnt trained at all since, and he would certainly lack the strength of a common soldier in any case.GRRM has admitted that the acrobatic stunt that Tyrion pulls in his introduction was a mistake, as someone pointed out to him that a dwarf would not be able to do that in real life.I don't know about "for sure". Tyrion mentions his personal armor is not with him before the Battle at the Green Fork ( I think he was with the mountain clans). I bet he trained with a master of arms and Jaime might have shown him a thing or too. But he is a dwarf, and realistically most guys would punt him like a soccer ball.
2518	Chuck88	2013-04-16	I'm guessing Ramsay had the eagle eye and steady shot perks active.
Love me some Skyrim
2519	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I was disconcerted by the use of backlighting that was coming from no discernible light source.  How can the cinematographers expect us to believe the universe they are creating if there is light being used purely for aesthetic effect and not realism?  This is a stunning departure from the books, in which all the lighting was from natural sources (one assumes).
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 02:58 AM.
2520	Dove	2013-04-16	I was disconcerted by the use of backlighting that was coming from no discernible light source.  How can the cinematographers expect us to believe the universe they are creating if there is light being used purely for aesthetic effect and not realism?  This is a stunning departure from the books, in which all the lighting was from natural sources (one assumes).The lighting is really undergoing some major character assassination this season(I kid because I like y'all /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />)
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 16 April 2013 - 03:07 AM.
2521	SerMixalot	2013-04-16	Just out of curiosity I timed the arrow strikes:0.07.79.110.512.8So the last 4 arrows took 5.1 seconds, but isn't that really 3 arrows in 5.1 seconds since we don't really know how long the first arrow took him?  I'm sure this won't convince people that don't think it's possible and it is just quibbling, but 3 in 5.1 seconds would be .7 of a second slower per arrow than 4 in 4 seconds.I for one am positive I saw a second shooter on the grassy knoll
2522	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	I for one am positive I saw a second shooter on the grassy knollThat would make sense, much more believable  So far, Id say that there making Ramsay too clever and scheming. I thought he was pretty much a sadistic moron in the books. So far, Ramsay is pretty badass and clever.
2523	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	I am really getting annoyed by Littlefinger's accent
2524	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	If we're talking pet peeves, one of mine would be the way everyone up north is going around with their heads bare. Northerners and wildlings would all be very aware that the first thing you do to keep warm is cover your head... But I guess viewers being able to tell characters apart from a distance takes precedence over that. Just bugs me, is all.
2525	zaphodbrx	2013-04-16	If we're talking pet peeves, one of mine would be the way everyone up north is going around with their heads bare. Northerners and wildlings would all be very aware that the first thing you do to keep warm is cover your head... But I guess viewers being able to tell characters apart from a distance takes precedence over that. Just bugs me, is all.Yep, also in battles, no one ever wears helmets.
2526	Jolene Brown	2013-04-16	I was disconcerted by the use of backlighting that was coming from no discernible light source.  How can the cinematographers expect us to believe the universe they are creating if there is light being used purely for aesthetic effect and not realism?  This is a stunning departure from the books, in which all the lighting was from natural sources (one assumes).If you can't deal with criticism of the show to such an extent that you must engage in satire this feeble which deliberately mischaracterizes that criticism in order to pretend that it is universally unreasonable, why are you reading this thread?Seriously, can't a moderator address the issue of people coming into threads that are SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED for people to post about small things that they don't like in order to complain that people are posting about small things they don't like?  It is so aggravating and it has been going on since last year.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 16 April 2013 - 10:22 AM.
2527	Reposado	2013-04-16	If you can't deal with criticism of the show to such an extent that you must engage in satire this feeble which deliberately mischaracterizes that criticism in order to pretend that it is universally unreasonable, why are you reading this thread?Seriously, can't a moderator address the issue of people coming into threads that are SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED for people to post about small things that they don't like in order to complain that people are posting about small things they don't like?  It is so aggravating and it has been going on since last year.well i think its a great post, but then i just went into the main discussion thread for thi sepisode and complained they were talking about episode three. next im going to try to get them to stop talking about edmure in the "edmure and blackfish" thread
2528	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-16	Speaking to the original post, it is not the same thing, but I have been stabbed through the hand. I did not even feel the pain, just a tearing sensation, until I actually saw the knife in my hand. So there is this moment of disconnect before realization and pain set in. Also, my husband cut off his big toe and second toe with a lawn mower when he was a teenager. He said he did not realize it until he looked down and saw the blood and it was several seconds before the pain set in. I thought that the scene with Jamie having his hand cut off was very realistic and the reaction was spot on.
2529	shiola	2013-04-16	I am really getting annoyed by Littlefinger's accentTHANK you.  Every time he talks I want to shoot myself.  I liked him at first but now I hate him.  He does this half-whispery thing and it's like he's trying too hard to be a villain.  He should be twirling a mustache around his fingers while he's at it.
2530	shiola	2013-04-16	Also the horses never shut the fuck up.  Real horses do not do that.
And there are seagulls squaking in EVERY King's Landing scene, I feel like.
2531	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	If you can't deal with criticism of the show to such an extent that you must engage in satire this feeble which deliberately mischaracterizes that criticism in order to pretend that it is universally unreasonable, why are you reading this thread?Seriously, can't a moderator address the issue of people coming into threads that are SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED for people to post about small things that they don't like in order to complain that people are posting about small things they don't like?  It is so aggravating and it has been going on since last year.Agreed with this. The fans of the show who refuse to acknowledge any sort of criticism should be grateful that threads like this exist, rather than coming in with the sole intention of causing trouble.But honestly, some of the fans on this site really need to learn to stop taking things so personally. The show is criticised because some aspects are problematic and could be greatly improved (often by simply following the books). Pointing out these problems does not make us "book purists". Ignoring these problems, on the other hand, is pretty problematic in itself. If you can't enjoy something and criticise it at the same time, it's not healthy.I am really getting annoyed by Littlefinger's accent The way he jerks his head every time he starts speaking his awful too.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 16 April 2013 - 04:46 PM.
2532	mrlukeduke	2013-04-16	PatrickStormborn making far too much sense, as usual!  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2533	SilentSense	2013-04-16	I was disconcerted by the use of backlighting that was coming from no discernible light source.  How can the cinematographers expect us to believe the universe they are creating if there is light being used purely for aesthetic effect and not realism?  This is a stunning departure from the books, in which all the lighting was from natural sources (one assumes).I'm a nitpicker myself but I lol'd. Well played, Ser.
2534	SilentSense	2013-04-16	THANK you.  Every time he talks I want to shoot myself.  I liked him at first but now I hate him.  He does this half-whispery thing and it's like he's trying too hard to be a villain.  He should be twirling a mustache around his fingers while he's at it.Agreed. His facial expressions aren't convincing either. Varys, by contrast, is awesome.
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 05:06 PM.
2535	Dove	2013-04-16	Aiden Gillen's performance is all kinds of weird. Every time he starts doing that dumb breathy whisper I crack up. To be fair I don't think it's just his fault, it seems like the writers have no idea of where to really go with him. Good thing Conleth Hill is amazing enough to make up for Gillen being terrible.
I can only imagine how Littlefinger fans feel about him in the show - luckily I don't give a shit about LF so it's just hilarious instead of aggravating.
"Play with her arse" *leers, monologues about childhood*
2536	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	Aiden Gillen's performance is all kinds of weird. Every time he starts doing that dumb breathy whisper I crack up. To be fair I don't think it's just his fault, it seems like the writers have no idea of where to really go with him. Good thing Conleth Hill is amazing enough to make up for Gillen being terrible.I can only imagine how Littlefinger fans feel about him in the show - luckily I don't give a shit about LF so it's just hilarious instead of aggravating."Play with her arse" *leers, monologues about childhood*The weirdest thing is, his performances are getting weirder and weirder.  His whole dialogue at the small council meeting was like he was acting in some kind of a campy scene, a whole different show than the rest of the cast.  He gets more and more cartoonish with every appearance, its mindboggling why this is happening.
2537	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	He sometimes sounds like a leprechaun also, probably the biggest let down from a character perspective for me. The scene with Tyrion this week was ok - not horrible...But the scene when he was at the council meeting was just weird. His character has no consistency...I have no idea who he is.
2538	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	He sometimes sounds like a leprechaun also, probably the biggest let down from a character perspective for me. The scene with Tyrion this week was ok - not horrible...But the scene when he was at the council meeting was just weird. His character has no consistency...I have no idea who he is.Am I wrong, is the cartoon element and the accent getting more outlandish in his performances, or do I notice it more now?Since he's gotten a fair amount of criticism for the changeability, let us say, of his accent, I sort of expected everything with the LF personna would be more locked down this season, but it seems even more flagrantly crackpotish sounding than it ever did.
2539	Harrad	2013-04-16	The character has no consistency in the books either. He is all over the place, but in the end only looking out for himself...so the part when he screws anyone he can...makes sense.
2540	shiola	2013-04-16	Aiden Gillen's performance is all kinds of weird. Every time he starts doing that dumb breathy whisper I crack up. To be fair I don't think it's just his fault, it seems like the writers have no idea of where to really go with him. Good thing Conleth Hill is amazing enough to make up for Gillen being terrible.I can only imagine how Littlefinger fans feel about him in the show - luckily I don't give a shit about LF so it's just hilarious instead of aggravating."Play with her arse" *leers, monologues about childhood*Varys is perfection.I was a LF fan for a while from the books, but I saw the show before I read the books (read them between 2 & 3) so I kind of pictured him as being from the show.  But after understanding him better from the books, I really do not like the show version.  He's just...  I can't say "creepy" because he's creepy in the books too so that's not the issue.  Something's just off about him."Play with her arse" is an amazing line.But in all seriousness, it's a bizarre set-up, that' scene.  I get that he's speaking to the audience, not the whores, but he is talking to the whores.  And it's ridiculous.  Why would anyone tell this story to whores in the first place?
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 16 April 2013 - 09:43 PM.
2541	zaphodbrx	2013-04-16	Varys is perfection.I was a LF fan for a while from the books, but I saw the show before I read the books (read them between 2 &amp; 3) so I kind of pictured him as being from the show.  But after understanding him better from the books, I really do not like the show version.  He's just...  I can't say "creepy" because he's creepy in the books too so that's not the issue.  Something's just off about him."Play with her arse" is an amazing line.But in all seriousness, it's a bizarre set-up, that' scene.  I get that he's speaking to the audience, not the whores, but he is talking to the whores.  And it's ridiculous.  Why would anyone tell this story to whores in the first place?That scene is a classic example of 'sexposition'. If you rewatch it you will find that Littlefinger actually tells a lot about himself and his history. of course I didn't pick up all that the first time because I was distracted.GoT earlier had lots of sexposition, eg. Captain's daughter, Roz, etc.Sexposition has been declining to non existent in recent Game of thrones episodes. I was hoping for a sexposition scene with Edmure explaining all the back history of the Tullys, but alas. They just made him out to be an incompetent fool.Nowadays, all the nudity is gratuitous and useless. At least sexposition provided some useful info.You are right about Littlefinger. Show-LF is nothing like book LF.-he spends all his time in the whorehouse, eating, drinking, sleeping and doing all his work there, even keeping the royal ledgers-he personally trains all of his whores-he goes out of his way to insult noblewomen (ie. Cersei 'power is power', Catelyn 'hey baby I heard u r single', Margery 'hmm gay hubby', etc. )-he's not subtle in the slightest.
					
					
							Edited by zaphodbrx, 16 April 2013 - 11:21 PM.
2542	Rhasgul	2013-04-17	Can we agree not to post any more time-intervals before checking their factuality? I see certain 2 to 3 minute scenes being portrayed as lasting 10 to 15 minutes or ramsays arrow-volley going from 4 to 20 second and back to 1.7 sec for the fastest arrow. I'd really like for people to stop stating things are wrong or even impossible just because their imaginary numbers don't match. Check your facts before you complain about them.
Secondly, I honestly liked this episode as a stand-alone show, but I kinda disliked the characterchanges in Edmure, Blackfish and Stannis and Robb is still portrayed in a completely different manner imho. Of course, things can't be shown on the show with the same depth as we experienced in the books, but giving them completely unexpected reactions heavily contrasting with their book-characters is just weird.
2543	FacelessManOf TheShire	2013-04-17	Everyone has more than covered the shock factor in having a limb cut off, so wont go over that again.The whore scene was funny, developed the relationship between Pod and Tyrion and Bron and will no doubt develop plot further when they work out why the girls didn't need payment. Information was the payment here. I first read someone saying it was 7 minutes. Somone here says 10 minutes. Somone actually timed it and it was one minute thirty.Arrows can be fired pretty quickly. One a second? Probably not, but we are dealing with fantasy here ffs.The chair dragging scene has been completely misinterpretted. The point was where everyone was sat. Baelish strides past everyone so he can sit closest to Tywin - putting him highest in rank. Cersei, after waiting for everyone to be seated, takes a chair to sit at the right hand of Tywin - traditionally the seat where the number two in command would sit (hence right-hand-man). Tyrion, meanwhile, after taking a step back to see what everyone else does, takes a seat and places it directly opposite Tywin, putting him in a position of confrontation. Also he puts himself at one of the heads of the table, again, another position of Authority. I loved that scene. Really showed how all those characters thought of themselves in relation to the others, and highlighted the intelligence and awareness of Tyrion and Cersei.The punk song rocked - that is all.
2544	Ran	2013-04-17	.. no doubt develop plot further when they work out why the girls didn't need payment.Take it from me: the scene is exactly what it pretends to be. Podrick is a tremendously gifted lover, and that and that alone was why the prostitutes refused payment. No conspiracy, no secret agendas, no nothing. Just two writers with too much time on their hands.
2545	Khal Pono	2013-04-17	Take it from me: the scene is exactly what it pretends to be. Podrick is a tremendously gifted lover, and that and that alone was why the prostitutes refused payment. No conspiracy, no secret agendas, no nothing. Just two writers with too much time on their hands.No, Tyrion is actually pulling a Jaime-Tysha scheme on poor Podrick, leading him to believe that the whores are enamored with him--his raw virility and gargantuan member--when really Tyrion cleverly orchestrated the whole thing (including the whores turning down Pod's money) in order to make Pod feel like a man, which he will reveal to Pod in episode 5.Then, several seasons later, when Pod sails to Meereen to find Tyrion near the end of the saga and Pod sustains a mortal wound, Tyrion will explain to his dying former squire that he lied and the whores really did think Pod was all that.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 17 April 2013 - 10:44 AM.
2546	Tadco26	2013-04-17	Take it from me: the scene is exactly what it pretends to be. Podrick is a tremendously gifted lover, and that and that alone was why the prostitutes refused payment. No conspiracy, no secret agendas, no nothing. Just two writers with too much time on their hands.Which makes it even worse than if there had been some sort of plauseable explanation like Tyrion paying them ahead of time.  Which even then would have been WAY too much time for a mildly amusing joke.  Considering the average chapter is covered in ~2-5 minutes of screen time, and the Pod scene and it's aftermath was ~7 minutes, it was the screen time equivalent of GRRM writing ~2 chapters about the sexual adventures of Pod.
2547	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	Take it from me: the scene is exactly what it pretends to be. Podrick is a tremendously gifted lover, and that and that alone was why the prostitutes refused payment. No conspiracy, no secret agendas, no nothing. Just two writers with too much time on their hands.Well, if so, then it makes it as stupid, pointless and huge waste of 7 minutes as we've probably seen in the series to date.
2548	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	I don't know where this rant belongs, but I will put it here.
Little things add up.  Wasting 7 minutes on a silly episode that brings nothing to the story, making random unnecessary changes to the plot and characters that could easily have been done some other way, throwing in rock songs to show how hip  they are....all of these to me are little things that up to a red flag that the producers are getting a litlte full of themselves and are straying too far from their source material.
It is one thing to create a new scene or a composite character that preserves or illustrates the ESSENSE of something that was in the book, or to do something in a visual way or cut something that doesn't change the basic essense of the story or the character.
But, when you start having Stannis Baratheon whining on the beach and Mel patronizing him, its fair to wonder if something is going wrong overall.  The mess they created with Talisa is one example.  The mess they made of the halfhand story is another example.  Turning Ramsey Bolton from a fat, ugly character with no fighting skill into a handsome archery whiz is another strange and troubling departure. The total change of Mance's character, and his very minimal screentime, another example....why spend 7 minutes on Pod and whores instead of Mance the king beyond the wall?
So, little things add up, if this is the season they've been waiting for, then I'm concerned.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 17 April 2013 - 11:22 AM.
2549	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Well, if so, then it makes it as stupid, pointless and huge waste of 7 minutes as we've probably seen in the series to date.Sigh. The scene with the whores is actually closer to 1 and a half minutes. The follow up with Pod is only 1:15.   I dont know where everyone is getting this 7 minutes from.Also, Ran, why is it impossible that Tyrion payed the whores in advance, sort of how Jaime (as far as Tyrion knows) did with Tysha? You havent seen the remaining episodes in any case.
2550	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	Sigh. The scene with the whores is actually closer to 1 and a half minutes. The follow up with Pod is only 1:15.   I dont know where everyone is getting this 7 minutes from.Also, Ran, why is it impossible that Tyrion payed the whores in advance, sort of how Jaime (as far as Tyrion knows) did with Tysha? You havent seen the remaining episodes in any case.I rewatched the show last night and the segment, from beginning to end, is 7 minutes.  Beginning in the whorehouse with Tyrion and the books and ending with Pod, Bronn and Tyrion having a drink to talk over his time with the whores.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 17 April 2013 - 11:29 AM.
2551	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	I rewatched the show last night and the segment, from beginning to end, is 7 minutes.  Beginning in the whorehouse with Tyrion and the books and ending with Pod, Bronn and Tyrion having a drink to talk over his time with the whores.The scenes that didn't include Pod were actually useful. We learnt more about the financial trouble the crown is in, Tyrion learnt about the duties he was going to take, and we were introduced to the Iron Bank of Braavos.
2552	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	I also re-watched. The awful Tyrion/Littlefinger/Pod - Pod and whores- Bronn and Tyrion -Pod Gossip
All of that is about 7 minutes and a colossal waste of time IMO.
2553	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	The scenes that didn't include Pod were actually useful. We learnt more about the financial trouble the crown is in, Tyrion learnt about the duties he was going to take, and we were introduced to the Iron Bank of Braavos.Could have been done in a much better way, in the actual small council. Where all those characters were, coulda been an awesome scene with rivalry dynamics  but nope; ANOTHER BROTHEL SCENE.
2554	episodenone	2013-04-17	Herein is the problem with the internet -- thoughts [aka threads] get legs where normally you'd forget them by the time you saw a friend who shared your interest.
This thread was not even reading through the first page -- which is where i stopped... after the first 5 posts
2555	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Could have been done in a much better way, in the actual small council. Where all those characters were, coulda been an awesome scene with rivalry dynamics  but nope; ANOTHER BROTHEL SCENE.Doesnt change the fact that the scene did actually contain vital new info
2556	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	No, you're right, it doesn't change the fact that the Iron Bank of Braavos was mentioned. 
But also the stupidity of having all the royal accounts in a brothel, LF apparantly living in his brothels, another brothel scene for the sake of some naked ladies. 
A small council scene would have been ace.
look, i love this show, and it could have the potential to be some of the best television around, but it's these stupid little things that will make it just another ''show for boys''
2557	Tadco26	2013-04-17	What's even more ridiculous is that not only would the whores not have earned money from their time with Pod, but they would have actually had to pay for that time themselves.  You know Littlefinger would have still wanted his cut even if the whores didn't.
2558	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	No, you're right, it doesn't change the fact that the Iron Bank of Braavos was mentioned.But also the stupidity of having all the royal accounts in a brothel, LF apparantly living in his brothels, another brothel scene for the sake of some naked ladies.A small council scene would have been ace.look, i love this show, and it could have the potential to be some of the best television around, but it's these stupid little things that will make it just another ''show for boys''Oh I agree. I think it would have been much better if it was shorter, maybe just Pod being led to a room with a woman in it, and then Tyrion leaving to go to a small council meeting about finances. Ofc, if there is a meeting about finances next episode that would be fine too.I have a feeling that will be the end of brothel scenes in any case. Jon/Ygritte in the cave and Jaime/Brienne will probably satisfy much of the nudity quota for the next few episodes.
2559	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	What's even more ridiculous is that not only would the whores not have earned money from their time with Pod, but they would have actually had to pay for that time themselves.  You know Littlefinger would have still wanted his cut even if the whores didn't.Which is probably why Tyrion paid them off in advance. It makes a lot of sense, parallels with Jaime and Tysha and all that. Its always possible that it will be mentioned later on.
2560	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	What's even more ridiculous is that not only would the whores not have earned money from their time with Pod, but they would have actually had to pay for that time themselves.  You know Littlefinger would have still wanted his cut even if the whores didn't.Exactly!No whore in the history of ever is going to not take payment especially when working for a man like LF.Oh I agree. I think it would have been much better if it was shorter, maybe just Pod being led to a room with a woman in it, and then Tyrion leaving to go to a small council meeting about finances. Ofc, if there is a meeting about finances next episode that would be fine too.I have a feeling that will be the end of brothel scenes in any case. Jon/Ygritte in the cave and Jaime/Brienne will probably satisfy much of the nudity quota for the next few episodes.Well, I hope so. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> At least those scenes will be relevant to the story.
2561	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Which is probably why Tyrion paid them off in advance. It makes a lot of sense, parallels with Jaime and Tysha and all that. Its always possible that it will be mentioned later on.No. You haven't seen Ran's post. Ran has mentioned a few times now that Pod really is ''that good in bed'' and that that shitty joke really was the crux of that whole scene. No money conspiracy,  I'm afraid, Pod's just ace in bed. :/
2562	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Take it from me: the scene is exactly what it pretends to be. Podrick is a tremendously gifted lover, and that and that alone was why the prostitutes refused payment. No conspiracy, no secret agendas, no nothing. Just two writers with too much time on their hands.
2563	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	But how would Ran know? He's only seen 4 episodes of the series. How can he possibly know if it will be mentioned in passing during episode 5, for example? (Its possible that I'm just in denial, but still)
2564	Tadco26	2013-04-17	Presumably there are more Pod sexual encounters and/or discussions of his sexual encounters next episode that make it clear.
2565	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Presumably there are more Pod sexual encounters and/or discussions of his sexual encounters next episode that make it clear.Fuck, is that actually confirmed? Is that a running joke now?
2566	Rapsie	2013-04-17	Presumably there are more Pod sexual encounters and/or discussions of his sexual encounters next episode that make it clear.More time spent on that storyline is just what we need.
2567	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	Doesnt change the fact that the scene did actually contain vital new info It was hardly vital - we already knew the Crown was in serious debt. And, in fact, it actually appeared to contradict what we'd already been told. In season one, the Crown was six million in debt. In season three, the Crown is now "tens of millions" in debt to the Iron Bank of Braavos.I think it was a complete waste of time, personally. It was simply designed to satisfy D&D's boob and Tyrion quotas.I have a feeling that will be the end of brothel scenes in any case. Jon/Ygritte in the cave and Jaime/Brienne will probably satisfy much of the nudity quota for the next few episodes. I'm pretty sure there's a brothel scene in the next episode.
2568	greensleeves	2013-04-17	Fuck, is that actually confirmed? Is that a running joke now?Yes, Ran has seen the fourth episode.Edit: Check out the last few two pages of the 'Pod and Whores' thread.  Ran starts posting here.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 17 April 2013 - 12:19 PM.
2569	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	It was hardly vital - we already knew the Crown was in serious debt. And, in fact, it actually appeared to contradict what we'd already been told. In season one, the Crown was six million in debt. In season three, the Crown is now "tens of millions" in debt to the Iron Bank of Braavos.I think it was a complete waste of time, personally. It was simply designed to satisfy D&D's boob and Tyrion quotas.It was important to introduce the Iron Bank of Braavos, and the fact that if they are not repaid, they will fund one of the Usurpers. Clearly foreshadowing Stannis's deal later on.The crown's expenditure could easily increase massively in order to fund the war. Also, Littlefinger is a crook and could easily have been lying in season 1.
2570	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Again, politics and the Iron Bank could have been covered effectively in the small council.
2571	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	It was important to introduce the Iron Bank of Braavos, and the fact that if they are not repaid, they will fund one of the Usurpers. Clearly foreshadowing Stannis's deal later on.The crown's expenditure could easily increase massively in order to fund the war. Also, Littlefinger is a crook and could easily have been lying in season 1. Why was a seven-minute scene essential to introduce the Iron Bank of Braavos? Why not just mention it in the small council scene? "Oh, the Royal Wedding will be one of the most expensive events in living memory, and we're already in debt to the Iron Bank of Braavos" or something similar should have been sufficient. Stannis won't be aided by the Iron Bank until at least season 5 unless they make deviations from the book, so again it's not really vital.You're having to rely on assumptions, though. Assumptions that don't stand up when we examine the evidence. Littlefinger was gone from King's Landing by episode 4 last season and he didn't return until the finale - how could the Crown have borrowed so much money in such a short amount of time without Tyrion, as Hand of the King, being aware of it?But regardless: seven minutes to inform the audience that the Crown is in debt to the Iron Bank of Braavos is unnecessary, particularly as D&D are frequently complaining about time constraints.
2572	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-17	I thought the brothel prelude was cringeworthy, if introduction to the Iron Bank was the point of the scene, they could have just had Tyrion and Bronn talking about it over the ledger (they did a similar scene last season with the Maester Chev-thingy). But I guess as Patrick Stormborn points out Iron Bank is probably not important at this point of time, they still have Cersei's descent into madness to explain these things.
But it occurs to me that maybe the point of the scene was to introduce the double-jointed girl who did the Meereenese Knot, maybe she's going to be Fake Arya?
					
					
							Edited by Nobody of the canals, 17 April 2013 - 12:25 PM.
2573	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Why was a seven-minute scene essential to introduce the Iron Bank of Braavos? Why not just mention it in the small council scene? "Oh, the Royal Wedding will be one of the most expensive events in living memory, and we're already in debt to the Iron Bank of Braavos" or something similar should have been sufficient. Stannis won't be aided by the Iron Bank until at least season 5 unless they make deviations from the book, so again it's not really vital.You're having to rely on assumptions, though. Assumptions that don't stand up when we examine the evidence. Littlefinger was gone from King's Landing by episode 4 last season and he didn't return until the finale - how could the Crown have borrowed so much money in such a short amount of time without Tyrion, as Hand of the King, being aware of it?But regardless: seven minutes to inform the audience that the Crown is in debt to the Iron Bank of Braavos is unnecessary, particularly as D&D are frequently complaining about time constraints.Which is another reason why this scene irks me. They often complain about not having enough time and yet we get scenes like this, that take 7 minutes, and the only 'important' part of the scene would have taken a further 5 seconds at the small council.
2574	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	I thought the brothel prelude was cringeworthy, if introduction to the Iron Bank was the point of the scene, they could have just had Tyrion and Bronn talking about it over the ledger (they did a similar scene last season with the Maester Chev-thingy). But I guess as Patrick Stormborn points out Iron Bank is probably not important at this point of time, they still have Cersei's descent into madness to explain these things.But it occurs to me that maybe the point of the scene was to introduce the double-jointed whore who did the Meereenese Knot, maybe she's going to be Fake Arya?Hmm, I'm interested: What makes you think this?
2575	Mark Antony	2013-04-17	Uhhh that Pod scene was by far the worst of the episode and they're actually having more scenes about THAT scene lol wtf.
2576	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	It's so annoying, because I really did enjoy this episode a lot /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Just that damn scene!
2577	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-17	Hmm, I'm interested: What makes you think this?She was featured in one of the early trailers for the season and some of us here speculated that she might be Fake Arya, since it seemed a little unnecessary to show a random prostitute in a season trailer, and she seemed to be of the appropriate age, and we don't have a Jeyne Poole on the show.But I just came across this article, and it explicitly states that she had no lines in the show, so I am probably wrong.
2578	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-17	Dear writers, enough Talisa! She doesn't need lines every episode. The time that's wasted on her could be used on Arya, or hell Catelyn and Robb, since they actually matter.
2579	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	I actually didn't mind the Talisa scene, it was about a minute long and nicely introduces the young Lannister children HOWEVER, I agree with you on a lot of her other scenes /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2580	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-17	I actually didn't mind the Talisa scene, it was about a minute long and nicely introduces the young Lannister children HOWEVER, I agree with you on a lot of her other scenes /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah they are short, I just don't care for her talking every episode so far. Have her stand in the background while Robb yells at his poor uncle some more.
2581	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	Dear writers, enough Talisa! She doesn't need lines every episode. The time that's wasted on her could be used on Arya, or hell Catelyn and Robb, since they actually matter.Well the scene was less about Talisa and more about the two Lannister hostages, who will be killed by Karstark.See? I'm more than willing to defend the show when I think a scene is justified (although the Talisa character herself is an insult to the other female characters, particularly Catelyn... but that's another topic entirely). So it would be nice if D&D fanboys would stop labelling me as a ~book purist~ who just hates any change to the source material.The Tyrion/Bronn/Pod scene, the 2 minute musical chairs, and the two Theon scenes were bigger problems for me. If material is having to be cut from other storylines, here's some advice: stop wasting time by showing scenes that weren't in the book and don't advance the plot.
2582	mrlukeduke	2013-04-17	Totes agree, once again, with Patty Le Stormborn. 
The whole Talisa character was just a poor choice period, but that particular scene had a distinct purpose. Those Lannister boys are probably going to be dead soon as revenge, in place of an escaped Jaime.
2583	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-17	I think that the whole "your sister sent me" plot by "Boy" is a bit hard to fall for. I mean, fine, Theon is in excruciating pain and scared to death, and not able to concentrate on details, but we watchers are. When is Asha/Yara supposed to have been told that her brother had been kidnapped? Not much time seems to have passed since the burning of Winterfell, maybe one day or two. Now, how could Yara know where he was being kept? Or even that he had been taken prisoner! Had he been in the Iron Islands (the torturers were dressed up as iron islanders) fine, that could have been possible. But then Boy says they were not. So, how could she have already sent help? This thing has been bugging me for days!
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 17 April 2013 - 01:58 PM.
2584	Mr Fixit	2013-04-17	So it would be nice if D&D fanboys would stop labelling me as a ~book purist~ who just hates any change to the source material.Fair enough. I'll try.the 2 minute musical chairs (...) were bigger problems for me (...) stop wasting time by showing scenes that weren't in the book and don't advance the plot.Nope. Tried and failed. Sorry. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />If you think one of the greatest non-verbal scenes the show has ever managed (not to mention the funniest) is a waste... well, I don't know what to say.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 17 April 2013 - 02:03 PM.
2585	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	All those complaining that Iwan is too much of a pretty boy for Ramsay, think againhttp://1.bp.blogspot...1600/ramsay.jpg /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2586	dolphlundgren	2013-04-17	As long as we're complaining about little things, you know what bugged me?
Why is Locke's band singing the Bear and the Maiden Fair? They're a bunch of savages and rapists, in the middle of war time, but they're singing like they're going off on a bloody picnic. Just seemed odd, in hindsight.
/rant
2587	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	All those complaining that Iwan is too much of a pretty boy for Ramsay, think againhttp://1.bp.blogspot...1600/ramsay.jpg /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />He looked handsome to me in the episode.  He can look much hotter, that is true, but still, his look is a big departure from fat, unattractive Ramsey in the books.  The same with the mad archery skills.  Why make a freak like Ramsey into a good looking badass?  Jesus Christ.  He will have fans then.
2588	Kittykatknits	2013-04-17	But honestly, some of the fans on this site really need to learn to stop taking things so personally. The show is criticised because some aspects are problematic and could be greatly improved (often by simply following the books). Pointing out these problems does not make us "book purists". Ignoring these problems, on the other hand, is pretty problematic in itself. If you can't enjoy something and criticise it at the same time, it's not healthy.yep, pretty much.Take it from me: the scene is exactly what it pretends to be. Podrick is a tremendously gifted lover, and that and that alone was why the prostitutes refused payment. No conspiracy, no secret agendas, no nothing. Just two writers with too much time on their hands.Any idea  why in the world the writers thought creating this joke in the first place was a good idea? The whole thing feels like wish fulfillment found in an 80s teen comedy. A virgin is just so good in the sack that all of the prostitutes refused payment, my eyes are rolling.
2589	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	He looked handsome to me in the episode.  He can look much hotter, that is true, but still, his look is a big departure from fat, unattractive Ramsey in the books.  The same with the mad archery skills.  Why make a freak like Ramsey into a good looking badass?  Jesus Christ.  He will have fans then.Oh, Ramsay isn't fat though, is he? He's described at the kind of person that looks like they'll be fat...or something....hmmm, I can't remember the exact quote. Well, we haven't seen ''Ramsay'' yet have we? He's a good actor. I just wanted to point out how creepy/ugly he can make himself. I'm so looking forward to his Ramsay reveal. Poor Theon tho /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2590	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Any idea  why in the world the writers thought creating this joke in the first place was a good idea? The whole thing feels like wish fulfillment found in an 80s teen comedy. A virgin is just so good in the sack that all of the prostitutes refused payment, my eyes are rolling.I can't get over how awful and cringe-worthy it is. Also, fucking stupid. LF isn't going to let something like that happen without hurting those women, is he? Or threatening them. But I suppose they didn't think these things over the sound of them laughing at their dudebro joke.
2591	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	Oh, Ramsay isn't fat though, is he? He's described at the kind of person that looks like they'll be fat...or something....hmmm, I can't remember the exact quote.Well, we haven't seen ''Ramsay'' yet have we?He's a good actor. I just wanted to point out how creepy/ugly he can make himself. I'm so looking forward to his Ramsay reveal.Poor Theon tho /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />He's kind of fattish and slovenly and ugly, at least Theon thinks so, as I remember.  I don't know, its one of those somewhat stupid things that bothers me for some reason, I didn't have a problem  with Jorah Mormont being hunked up, but turning a psychopathic serial rapist murderer torturer into anything approaching an attractive badass type character...especially since Theon has done a lot of bad things, so the audience will at first not be that sympathetic...seems a weird choice to me.  The archery skills irritate me at least as much as him being good looking because I know Roose says his son has no fighting skill in the book.I sort of thought they made Joff significantly less handsome than he was in the book for that reason, so he wouldnt be handsome enough to be sympathetic and generate a fan base, but maybe I am wrong.
2592	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Well, that's what I keep trying to point out. Hes handsome and composed now. But when he becomes  ''Ramsay'' I think we're definitely going to see that disgusting, spittle faced creepy sadist. 
I like the archery only because we got the ''you little bastard'' line /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2593	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	The Tyrion/Bronn/Pod scene, the 2 minute musical chairs, and the two Theon scenes were bigger problems for me. If material is having to be cut from other storylines, here's some advice: stop wasting time by showing scenes that weren't in the book and don't advance the plot.I agree that the chair scene and the Tyrion/Bronn/Pod scene didnt advance the plot, but the Theon scenes are fairly important to introduce Ramsay and Theon's transformation into Reek. That seems fairly important for plot development, and the storyline was in the books, though the scenes have been changed.
2594	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-17	Unlike the whores/Pod scene, the musical chairs actually served a purpose.
Unless Pod being a stud becomes a focal point in the story later on.
2595	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	The archery skills irritate me at least as much as him being good looking because I know Roose says his son has no fighting skill in the book.Have no fear. In Medieval times, the bow wasn't a soldier's weapon, it was the weapon of a farmer who was too poor to afford any 'real' weapons and be a 'real' fighter. It was seen as the weapon of a coward. It is only because of our modern history's emphasis of the importance of the Battles of Crecy, Poitiers, and Agincort where the bow was effective to varying degrees and - not to put too fine a point on it - Hollywood, that the bow is seen as a go-to BAMF weapon.The bow and the sling were weapons of survival for peasants - it was how they got their food. No self respecting High Lord or 'real' soldier would have been seen dead any where near one.
2596	Dragonstoned	2013-04-17	Dunno if anyone has posted this yet, but http://www.westeros....ures/Entry/6427 is a review of s2 that deals pretty thoroughly with the little things that don't make sense.Expect he will have a lot to say by the end of this season too.
2597	Harrad	2013-04-17	wait what? that's how gravity works. heavier stuff doesnt fall any faster than lighter stuff.On the moon a feather and a ball bearing fall in the same time...Not on Earth. On Westeros' planet the Higgs Boson is known to be less massive.
2598	Dragonstoned	2013-04-17	All those complaining that Iwan is too much of a pretty boy for Ramsay, think againhttp://1.bp.blogspot...1600/ramsay.jpg /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Nice! http://25.media.tumb...g0u4go1_500.png creeps the shit out of me.edit: hope he grows his hair long to reinforce the reveal/transformation
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 17 April 2013 - 03:13 PM.
2599	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Dunno if anyone has posted this yet, but http://www.westeros....ures/Entry/6427 is a review of s2 that deals pretty thoroughly with the little things that don't make sense.Expect he will have a lot to say by the end of this season too.Wow, Now Thats What I Call Book Purism!He's not really criticizing the little things so much as criticizing every single aspect of the show, and then saying the book was better. Not a single positive thing to say in the entire review. I understand not liking the show, but goddamn! This guy seriously has no idea how to write a balanced review.
2600	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	Fair enough. I'll try.Nope. Tried and failed. Sorry. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />If you think one of the greatest non-verbal scenes the show has ever managed (not to mention the funniest) is a waste... well, I don't know what to say. Sansa wasn't in the episode. Arya was barely in the episode. Bran wasn't in the episode. The Tyrells weren't in the episode. Davos wasn't in the episode. Jon has appeared so briefly over the last three episodes that his assimilation into wildling culture feels forced and unreal.So yes, it was a waste of time. The scene did not advance the plot, and was included at the expense of scenes that would have advanced the plot. Moreover, I would choose interesting dialogue (that would actually advance the plot) over a non-verbal scene any day. I agree that the chair scene and the Tyrion/Bronn/Pod scene didnt advance the plot, but the Theon scenes are fairly important to introduce Ramsay and Theon's transformation into Reek. That seems fairly important for plot development, and the storyline was in the books, though the scenes have been changed. Is Ramsay relevant to the plot yet? No.The storylines present in the parts of ASoS that are being adapted should be given priority. If their scenes are being cut to make way for Theon and Tyrion, there's a big problem.Wow, Now Thats What I Call Book Purism!He's not really criticizing the little things so much as criticizing every single aspect of the show, and then saying the book was better. Not a single positive thing to say in the entire review. I understand not liking the show, but goddamn! This guy seriously has no idea how to write a balanced review. Did you actually read the title of the review? Because it was made explicit from the start that the review was focusing on the show as an adaption of the books, of which it is sadly unfaithful. I didn't agree with everything he wrote, but I still think it was a brilliant review. The point about the lack of Ramsay but the inclusion of Dagmer was an especially interesting point (and one I hadn't even thought about). I can't help but think D&D included Dagmer over Ramsay so that 1) they could spend more time with their favourite character Theon rather than spending that time introducing Ramsay at Winterfell; and 2) give their favourite character Theon additional material in season 3.
2601	Dragonstoned	2013-04-17	Hahah yeah I think that criticising was the point of the review - he doesn't pretend or try to make it balanced.
Once you get over that it's a very interesting piece, and pretty much everything he says makes sense (even if he doesn't tell the other side of the story), especially stuff like Ramsay/Dagmer as PSb has said as well as the power/honour/courage analysis.
2602	Jolene Brown	2013-04-17	I view the term "book purist" as a form of hate speech.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2603	Kittykatknits	2013-04-17	I view the term "book purist" as a form of hate speech.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's a phrase used to discredit an argument by way of labeling the person making the argument. Yep. Same as Cersei fans or Sansa fans or Jaime fans or whatever.
2604	SerMixalot	2013-04-17	Can we agree not to post any more time-intervals before checking their factuality? I see certain 2 to 3 minute scenes being portrayed as lasting 10 to 15 minutes or ramsays arrow-volley going from 4 to 20 second and back to 1.7 sec for the fastest arrow. I'd really like for people to stop stating things are wrong or even impossible just because their imaginary numbers don't match. Check your facts before you complain about them.Secondly, I honestly liked this episode as a stand-alone show, but I kinda disliked the characterchanges in Edmure, Blackfish and Stannis and Robb is still portrayed in a completely different manner imho. Of course, things can't be shown on the show with the same depth as we experienced in the books, but giving them completely unexpected reactions heavily contrasting with their book-characters is just weird.The Pod scene included the useless Tyrion LF conversation beforehand (and was just there to set up the Pod situation) through the post coitus discussion was just short of 7 minutes and was wasted time.
2605	Rapsie	2013-04-17	I view the term "book purist" as a form of hate speech.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Couldn't agree more. Especially as most people who are labelled "book purists" aren't complaing about every little change, but things that do seem to detract from the story and do praise the elements that work well or changes that make sense given the format.
2606	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Yep. I hate getting told not to critique or just not to watch the show when I ultimately really enjoy the show, but there are some things i feel could be better about it.
2607	SerMixalot	2013-04-17	Just a short list of things that could have been in place of the 7 minute Pod scene
1. Jon and Ygritte flirting-they havent flirted since epi 7 or 8 last season and in 2 or 3 episodes they will be banging.
2. Jon interacting with the Wildings-getting to know more about the Wilding cultures so that we can begin to empathize with them-give Tormund some time to be entertaining
3. Arya and Thoros-Give some background to Thoros to bring non readers up to speed on him, introduce som Robert's Rebellion background material
4. Mel and Stannis-flesh out there current relationship, make Stannis more like Stannis to give background on where Mel is going and why, they could still have given it mystery, but explain the need for kings blood
5. Expand the Small council scene to introduce the Bank of Braavos
6. More interaction between Arya and the Hound-show Arya's anger at the Hound, not just as a passing mention.
Those are just the story lines that were included in the episode
2608	SerMixalot	2013-04-17	Yep. I hate getting told not to critique or just not to watch the show when I ultimately really enjoy the show, but there are some things i feel could be better about it.Just call them "D&D Brown Nosers"!
2609	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Just call them "D&D Brown Nosers"!I shan't sink to name-calling /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2610	congokong	2013-04-17	Dunno if anyone has posted this yet, but http://www.westeros....ures/Entry/6427 is a review of s2 that deals pretty thoroughly with the little things that don't make sense.Expect he will have a lot to say by the end of this season too.Yeah, this reflects a lot of what I'm feeling. Metaphorically, D+D have taken a beautiful car handled with care and just beat the shit out of it; riding it recklessly, not washing it, not replacing parts, etc.I don't know if I'd agree with that writer that Tywin is a coward and not respected though.
					
					
							Edited by congokong, 17 April 2013 - 06:04 PM.
2611	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	3. Arya and Thoros-Give some background to Thoros to bring non readers up to speed on him, introduce som Robert's Rebellion background materialI suspect we will never see any of that. From the interviews with the actors it appears they have the BWB firmly imagined as Robin Hood and him Merry Men rather than Beric and Thoros being the guys Ned sent out in S1 to hunt the Mountain.
2612	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	Yeah, this reflects a lot of what I'm feeling. Metaphorically, D+D have taken a beautiful car handled with care and just beat the shit out of it; riding it recklessly, not washing it, not replacing parts, etc.I don't know if I'd agree with that writer that Tywin is a coward and not respected though.I just had the mental image of Cheech and Chong doing a makeover of a classic Camero...
2613	Don Roberto	2013-04-17	What really struck my nerve in this episode were the little changes that didn't need to happen. I understand well enough that this is an adaptation, and a TV show above all else, and I don't mind changes that are needed or at least serve some purpose, such as trading the Brave Companions for a bunch of random Bolton men, or even additions like Pod's scene with the hookers (though the follow-up was just plain silly).
But was there any need to downplay Jaime's ability as a swordsman? He didn't lose his fight that easily in the books, and his real prowess became pretty clear, to Brienne more than anyone else. Having him lose like that and Brienne mock him afterwards not only changes a character in a very meaningful way, making it look like his fame and status as a Kingsguard is duo to patronage, but also lessens the effect of his missing hand, as it's the destruction of one of the finest warriors in the realm (now it's just a "well deserved" punishment for a loathed character).
And to what end? What did the show gain from that? Certainly didn't spare screen time, nor made the scene funnier or in any way more suited to a show. Same thing with Littlefinger, in the books his past deals as Master of Coin, while dubious in long-term effectiveness, were at least complex and thoroughly planned, to a point where Tyrion, in all his smarts, couldn't keep up. It's a very minor detail, but served to show how meticulous he was and how thoughtfully he plans everything, while in the show he comes out as pretty much a scammer and a fraud. Again, to no benefit whatsoever. Even the borrowing discussion between Tyrion and Bronn could be preserved, since in the books it's precisely what Littlefinger does (but on the other end, lending the money).
I think these little meaningless changes annoy me a lot more than the big ones that at least had a reason to be.
2614	Harrad	2013-04-17	Building up Jaime as the next best thing since Selmy is pointless and wrong. In this very Game of Thrones season 1 he was given all he could handle by Ned Stark and only escaped after Ned was hamstrung from behind by a Jaime ally. Brienne is hardly chopped liver having handled Loras (and all the rest) at Renley's bash. Excuses for Jaime also exist--he was weak, out of practice, etc, etc--but I just like to think that Brienne gave him a good ole fashion arse whipping...even more impressive considering she had to not kill him--something he wouldn't worry about. It happened. Accept it. A little chortling afterward by her is certainly appropriate.
2615	Jolene Brown	2013-04-17	Building up Jaime as the next best thing since Selmy is pointless and wrong. In this very Game of Thrones season 1 he was given all he could handle by Ned Stark and only escaped after Ned was hamstrung from behind by a Jaime ally. Brienne is hardly chopped liver having handled Loras (and all the rest) at Renley's bash. Excuses for Jaime also exist--he was weak, out of practice, etc, etc--but I just like to think that Brienne gave him a good ole fashion arse whipping...even more impressive considering she had to not kill him--something he wouldn't worry about. It happened. Accept it. A little chortling afterward by her is certainly appropriate.This response perfectly illustrates why this scene (and the Ned Stark fight in season one) is deeply problematic for the single most important aspect of Jaime's characterization.  You are exactly making critics' point for them.  This should NOT be the way people view Jaime and his abilities if his storyline is to have any emotional resonance whatsoever.
2616	Rapsie	2013-04-17	<snip>Those are just the story lines that were included in the episodeAlso they could have introduced Selyse and Shireen or done more with Stannis, or have a brief bit with Davos. We could have got to know the Wildlings better.Spent more time with the Tullys, giving them a more through introduction. In fact there are so lots of ways the story could have been advanced rather than a scene that served no real purpose whatsoever.
2617	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	What really struck my nerve in this episode were the little changes that didn't need to happen. I understand well enough that this is an adaptation, and a TV show above all else, and I don't mind changes that are needed or at least serve some purpose, such as trading the Brave Companions for a bunch of random Bolton men, or even additions like Pod's scene with the hookers (though the follow-up was just plain silly).But was there any need to downplay Jaime's ability as a swordsman? He didn't lose his fight that easily in the books, and his real prowess became pretty clear, to Brienne more than anyone else. Having him lose like that and Brienne mock him afterwards not only changes a character in a very meaningful way, making it look like his fame and status as a Kingsguard is duo to patronage, but also lessens the effect of his missing hand, as it's the destruction of one of the finest warriors in the realm (now it's just a "well deserved" punishment for a loathed character).And to what end? What did the show gain from that? Certainly didn't spare screen time, nor made the scene funnier or in any way more suited to a show. Same thing with Littlefinger, in the books his past deals as Master of Coin, while dubious in long-term effectiveness, were at least complex and thoroughly planned, to a point where Tyrion, in all his smarts, couldn't keep up. It's a very minor detail, but served to show how meticulous he was and how thoughtfully he plans everything, while in the show he comes out as pretty much a scammer and a fraud. Again, to no benefit whatsoever. Even the borrowing discussion between Tyrion and Bronn could be preserved, since in the books it's precisely what Littlefinger does (but on the other end, lending the money).I think these little meaningless changes annoy me a lot more than the big ones that at least had a reason to be.Jaime losing a fight while chained, starved, and in terrible shape is ok. It's reasonable. We just don't know that Jaime prior to this was one of the best swordsmen and fighters in general except for in dialogue, which can be viewed as unreliable.We have:- Tyrion saying I wouldn't be too pleased to Ser Vardis, I name my brother Jaime Lannister. Clearly shows Jaime is superior and formidable, but it's also told by his brother.- Littlefinger says he bet on Jaime, as any sane man would at the Tourney on Joff's nameday. Meaning Jaime is a great jouster and heavily favored over Ser Loras. LF is also lying and he also loses in the tale.- Jaime telling Cersei he'll kill Robert, Ned Stark, and basically anyone, illustrating that he is actually quite confident he could do it. Also just Jaime's bravado and trying to get into Cersei's pants.- Jaime retells his story of his first kill as a squire, at 15 or so against the brotherhood. Show his prowess at a young age and Barristan seems to remember it fondly, although we're not told who he killed so it could've been anyone.- Jaime talking to his cousin in the prisoner pen, hinting at his general prowess as a warrior. Also could be Jaime just talking himself up and reminiscing.I'm sure we hear many other little comments, but none of them are really in your face Jaime is great. We see him fight Ned and it's quite even, even if he easily dispatched of Jory. The problem is we don't have the benefit of internal monologue to really draw it out for us and when we see him fight it's not overwhelming or really that impressive. I still hold hope that after his incident, we'll get not only more talk of his prior prowess, but also his improvement as a lefty fighter to really drill home that he was a terrific warrior and having his hand cut off was one of the worst things to happen to him.
2618	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Rewatching the episode now. 
Ugh, Jaime and Brienne scenes are SO. GOOD. These guys have got great acting chemistry, it's great to watch.
2619	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	Also they could have introduced Selyse and Shireen or done more with Stannis, or have a brief bit with Davos.We could have got to know the Wildlings better.Spent more time with the Tullys, giving them a more through introduction.In fact there are so lots of ways the story could have been advanced rather than a scene that served no real purpose whatsoever.Exactly. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I'm going to just skip the Pod scene on his re-watch because 1) i wasn't particularly amused by it at all the first time 2) it's so completely pointless
2620	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	I agree on the little LF detail, I thought it was odd that they chose to diminish his book skill at finance, in the books he isn't secretly borrowing money, he is very skillful at moving money around and investing money to make a profit.  Yes, he's skimming for himself, but the way the show has now portrayed it is that he's a plain old fraudster.
Any fool could have secretly borrowed from the Iron Bank, another of the many strange character changing unnecessary choices.
2621	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	''you think you're good with that bowww...you little twat'' AAHAHA yes it's still jst as funny. 
My criticism is that they didn't spend as much time as they could have developing sandor in the first two seasons.
i always loved that it was sandor that told sansa the story of the burn.
2622	Dove	2013-04-17	I hate, hate, hate that they gave that story to Littlefinger in the first season. Rory McCann owns, Sandor is interesting, don't give his best stuff to Littlecreeper aaahhhh
Nitpick for the nitpick thread. Does it count if I'm nitpicking S1~
2623	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-17	None of the things you brought up troubled me in this episode. I thought it was the best so far this season.The only thing i really found troubling was the continuation of them making Brienne a better swordsman then Jamie. Then that she mocked him about it. In the books even with Jamie shackled and starving Brienne was barely able to fight him to a draw. She mentions this herself. In the show she beats him handily then makes fun of him afterwards. People who haven<U+0080><U+0099>t read the books have questioned me on why Jamie is made out to be some great swordsman and what<U+0080><U+0099>s the big deal if he lost his hand. I understand the show wants to set up there relationship and to set up Brienne as an accomplished swordsperson herself. I just think doing it this way really hurts the degree of loss Jamie suffers and therefore his story.Remember too that "Boy" was given superpowers from an electric storm that may have aided in rapid fire arrow shooting /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Where whores go <-, 17 April 2013 - 06:53 PM.
2624	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	I hate, hate, hate that they gave that story to Littlefinger in the first season. Rory McCann owns, Sandor is interesting, don't give his best stuff to Littlecreeper aaahhhhme too SO MUCH /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />haha, also, i bet mel's seriously pitying look was a major turn off for stannis, bless
2625	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-17	Just call them "D&D Brown Nosers"!I shan't sink to name-calling /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Also you shouldnt insult D & D /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2626	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	I've seen that same look Mel gave Stannis when I'm entirely too drunk to be trying to impress anyone but still giving it a go.
Maybe in his lonely stone room he decided to pound back some Dornish red? You should never drink alone, Stannis.
2627	Jolene Brown	2013-04-17	None of the things you brought up troubled me in this episode. I thought it was the best so far this season.The only thing i really found troubling was the continuation of them making Brienne a better swordsman then Jamie. Then that she mocked him about it. In the books even with Jamie shackled and starving Brienne was barely able to fight him to a draw. She mentions this herself. In the show she beats him handily then makes fun of him afterwards. People who haven<U+0080><U+0099>t read the books have questioned me on why Jamie is made out to be some great swordsman and what<U+0080><U+0099>s the big deal if he lost his hand. I understand the show wants to set up there relationship and to set up Brienne as an accomplished swordsperson herself. I just think doing it this way really hurts the degree of loss Jamie suffers and therefore his story.AND IT HURTS MY FEELINGS!!!!!!!! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2628	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	me too SO MUCH /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />haha, also, i bet mel's seriously pitying look was a major turn off for stannis, blessUgh, god that was terrible.  So, I will just continue on in my whiny vein, what kind of direction is she getting that she would give him that patronizing look?  That is not Mel.  Even at the end of Dance Mel is still ALL about Stannis, 100% still convinced, I can't imagine her giving him almost an eye roll right to his face.  But then the actual Stannis Baratheon that hates all weakness would never stoop to begging Red Dress for shadow demons or sex or oh baby don't leave me.
2629	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-17	Rewatching the episode now.Ugh, Jaime and Brienne scenes are SO. GOOD. These guys have got great acting chemistry, it's great to watch.I agree exceot for the fight the dialog is SPOT on. The chemistry is fantastic.
2630	Dove	2013-04-17	Hahaha. nothing says "ooh, baby, light my fires" like the determinedly patient, patronizing condescension of that look. It was seriously hilarious, I couldn't help but think "Ouch, bro. Denied."
(Next we're going to see him hoverhanding her in awkward pictures and standing outside her tower window with a boombox held above his head)
2631	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-17	AND IT HURTS MY FEELINGS!!!!!!!! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Always those /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2632	Dove	2013-04-17	"Your fires burn low" feels like such a magic fantasy way of saying "you sure you got it in you bub?"Melly's pretty hot but she's sure got some ice burns... i'm out, that was terrible. i'm so sorry
2633	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	"Your fires burn low" feels like such a magic fantasy way of saying "you sure you got it in you bub?"Melly's pretty hot but she's sure got some ice burns... i'm out, that was terrible. i'm so sorryHAHAHAHi do love these forums sometimesI agree exceot for the fight the dialog is SPOT on. The chemistry is fantastic.hmmm, i just dont like show stannis atm BUT WE SHALL SEEi like show mel tho.
2634	Kittykatknits	2013-04-17	Couldn't agree more. Especially as most people who are labelled "book purists" aren't complaing about every little change, but things that do seem to detract from the story and do praise the elements that work well or changes that make sense given the format.Yep. I hate getting told not to critique or just not to watch the show when I ultimately really enjoy the show, but there are some things i feel could be better about it.Agree with both of you so much. I've been called this before despite the fact there are elements of the series I really enjoy. I think I'm one of the few that likes Shae in the show quite a bit from what I can tell actually. My big things are Talisa, the depiction of nudty/sex (and both of you know my feelings about that), and character alterations that are big enough that I feel it's not the same as what I know from the books. I'm at the point now where I no longer want to talk about Catelyn.Yeah, this reflects a lot of what I'm feeling. Metaphorically, D+D have taken a beautiful car handled with care and just beat the shit out of it; riding it recklessly, not washing it, not replacing parts, etc.I don't know if I'd agree with that writer that Tywin is a coward and not respected though.How much of that thread did you read? The writer expands on his position quite a bit and had me rethinking Tywin. He added some nuance to the character that I hadn't noticed before.This response perfectly illustrates why this scene (and the Ned Stark fight in season one) is deeply problematic for the single most important aspect of Jaime's characterization.  You are exactly making critics' point for them.  This should NOT be the way people view Jaime and his abilities if his storyline is to have any emotional resonance whatsoever.I agree with this so much. Jaime was defined by his sword hand and Cersei. It's what made the loss so powerful and pushed his story forward through the rest of the series. I want to feel the same emotional impact I had with the books.
2635	SerMixalot	2013-04-17	I shan't sink to name-calling /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Well you may be too good to do so, but I'm not! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2636	Mr Fixit	2013-04-18	So yes, it was a waste of time. The scene did not advance the plot, and was included at the expense of scenes that would have advanced the plot. Moreover, I would choose interesting dialogue (that would actually advance the plot) over a non-verbal scene any day.Well, thank the Seven you're not the one in charge of this adaptation then! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  It would be one infodump after another it seems.
2637	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	Couldn't agree more. Especially as most people who are labelled "book purists" aren't complaing about every little change, but things that do seem to detract from the story and do praise the elements that work well or changes that make sense given the format.But in this case, that review was actually complaining about every little change, so it's a fairly apt description. He didnt have a single line of praise in the entire thing.A lot of his criticism isn't even backed up, take this line for example"Cersei is multidimensional, much more than in the TV series, despite what show-enthusiasts claim. You have to read a little more careful, but yeah, her dimensions are there"I seriously don't understand how you can make this argument, especially since Cersei is pretty one note up until FfC. But Im willing to hear if he's got any evidence or argument to back this claim up. But he doesn't. He just stops at telling me that Cersei has more dimensions in the books.
2638	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-18	This post is about some scenes in the show which I felt bummed about, even if they are little things.First one is the scene with Jamie getting his hand cut off. You can clearly see here that there is like half a second where Jamie looks at is hand and then goes, okay this is my cue to scream, and does so.This can't really work in real life. Your hand gets cut, that message goes straight to your brain. You don't have to look at the damn thing. Also, screaming is INVOLUNTARY. It's a reaction. You don't get to think about it, it just happens.I am really annoyed by this type of thing and it crops up ALL over the place in tv and movies. A good example would be the scene in the last Star wars film where general grievous elaborately flashes his lightsabers like two inches from Obi Wan's nose and the actor doesn't bat an eyelid. In reality, one would have an instant reaction to step back, jedi training or not I call B.S. Of course in reality that thing is CGI'd in and the actor has no idea what he's looking at so that's why.I disagree here, as many others.1. There is a moment of shock when you don't react at the pain because you're exactly that: in shock. When the whole idea finally sinks in, it's that you just react. It happens. Also, consider adrenaline as a factor during fights. In Jaime's case, I think he simply was in a "what the f" moment when he saw his hand cut, and it took him a second to realise what actually had happened.2. Some people have "lag": I do. Many times I've touched hot stuff and it took me about two seconds to feel the pain and release whatever I was holding. Some other people is very resistant to pain.
2639	The Bear	2013-04-18	I thought Jaime's response was very realistic. A lot of amputees have phantom sensations in their lost limbs (like Jaime did later on) and that includes the moment where the limb is severed, if done fast and clean as Jaime's was. He didn't expect it and his body didn't feel it for half a heartbeart. This is why sometimes after death body parts can keep moving. The message to the brain has been distrupted. I agree with a lot of Cas Stark's points.
Tyrion's badassery in the battle of Blackwater was weird and made no sense whatsoever.
2640	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	Agree with both of you so much. I've been called this before despite the fact there are elements of the series I really enjoy. I think I'm one of the few that likes Shae in the show quite a bit from what I can tell actually. My big things are Talisa, the depiction of nudty/sex (and both of you know my feelings about that), and character alterations that are big enough that I feel it's not the same as what I know from the books. I'm at the point now where I no longer want to talk about Catelyn.I agree with all of this. I like Show Shae and I love the friendship between her and Sansa (although I fear the writers making Shae turn on her like what happened with Doreah and Dany... ugh). But Talisa, the depiction of nudity/sex, and character alterations are all simply unforgivable.The writers included Talisa, a sassy nurse who chafed at her position within society and gives advice to Robb. But they re-wrote Catelyn, a woman who chafed at her position within society and gave advice to the men around her. So when I look at Talisa in the show, I see a female character who fits all the ingredients for being "strong" but without challenging men in any way... if that makes sense? A large number of readers hate Catelyn, probably because - as she notes herself - "all I have done is speak the truth. Are men so fragile they cannot bear to hear it?"Talisa has some of Cat's basic traits (that have pretty much been taken from Cat herself), but she's been watered down so that she doesn't make (male) viewers feel uncomfortable or challenge their views and perceptions. In the first episode she told Robb that he was being too harsh with Catelyn ("She's your mother") but... she didn't really do anything. Could you imagine if that was Book!Cat and Ned? She'd tell him the truth, regardless of whether he would be able to handle it.How much of that thread did you read? The writer expands on his position quite a bit and had me rethinking Tywin. He added some nuance to the character that I hadn't noticed before.I agree with this so much. Jaime was defined by his sword hand and Cersei. It's what made the loss so powerful and pushed his story forward through the rest of the series. I want to feel the same emotional impact I had with the books.Again - agreed. The Tywin point was really interesting and not something I'd ever thought about.Well, thank the Seven you're not the one in charge of this adaptation then! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  It would be one infodump after another it seems.If you equate "plot advancement" with "infodump" then maybe it's good that the series includes such dreadful filler. Maybe viewers like you are D&D's intended target audience. I hope you enjoy the show... Hopefully none of your favourite scenes will be cut so that D&D can include nine minutes of filler throughout the episode (2 minutes of musical chairs and 7 minutes of Tyrion).I'm not going to pretend I could make the TV show better or write a good script etc... But yeah, I do think I (or, really, anyone else) could have found a better use for that seven minutes of screentime. Seven minutes is more than enough time to include two scenes. We could have got another Jon scene (he's leaving Mance's camp next week so there's a lot of wasted opportunity there), or an extra few lines in Arya's scene to establish what's going on, or a Sansa scene showing her friendship with Margaery, etc. None of those scenes would have been "infodumps", but they would have been interesting to watch and actually advance the plot.
2641	Miodrag	2013-04-18	But in this case, that review was actually complaining about every little change, so it's a fairly apt description. He didnt have a single line of praise in the entire thing.A lot of his criticism isn't even backed up, take this line for example"Cersei is multidimensional, much more than in the TV series, despite what show-enthusiasts claim. You have to read a little more careful, but yeah, her dimensions are there"I seriously don't understand how you can make this argument, especially since Cersei is pretty one note up until FfC. But Im willing to hear if he's got any evidence or argument to back this claim up. But he doesn't. He just stops at telling me that Cersei has more dimensions in the books.When Tyrion informs her that Stannis went after Renly, she<U+0080><U+0099>s so relieved that she even dances with Tyrion <U+0080><U+0093> and she delivers one of the funniest lines in the series, something like: <U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t believe Robert was the one Baratheon with a brain!<U+0080><U+009D> When Stannis informs the world about twincest, she panics until Tyrion calms her. She constantly asks Tyrion <U+0080><U+009C>What<U+0080><U+0099>s our father doing in Harenhall, why isn<U+0080><U+0099>t he here to protect us?<U+0080><U+009D> When <U+0080><U+009C>chatting<U+0080><U+009D> with Sansa at the party during the Battle of the Blackwater, she tells the stories from her and Jaime<U+0080><U+0099>s childhood, like the one when Jaime got the sword and she didn<U+0080><U+0099>t, and it<U+0080><U+0099>s clear she<U+0080><U+0099>s still furious about that. And than, there<U+0080><U+0099>s this line to Sansa, line that I terribly missed in the show: <U+0080><U+009C>Believe me, the Starks will have no joy from the Lannisters<U+0080><U+0099> demise<U+0080><U+009D> (or something to that effect, I don<U+0080><U+0099>t have the book with me at the moment).This is just from the tip of my head, but I guess it<U+0080><U+0099>s enough to show that: 1) though preserving the image of a power-figure, she often feels fear and frustration; 2) she was deeply wounded long ago, when she had to face her gender<U+0080><U+0099>s social limitations, and it pretty much explains her inner angle (not necessarily a conscience one) in the affair with Jaime: he<U+0080><U+0099>s like a trophy for her, their affair is her way to conquer the world of men that she<U+0080><U+0099>s forbidden to even enter; 3) she never, absolutely never, forgets to deal with her enemies, and Sansa is a one, or at least she represents one.On TV, only her relation with Joffrey is somewhat deeper than in the novels <U+0080><U+0093> and it wasn<U+0080><U+0099>t done for her sake, but in the name of Joffrey, because in the show he<U+0080><U+0099>s more prominent, while in the books he was a second-their, or even a third-their character (and I think he should<U+0080><U+0099>ve stayed like that, so that other characters can be better fleshed-out, but OK, this deviation is at least understandable on some levels, so I<U+0080><U+0099>m not really complaining). On the other hand, Cersei<U+0080><U+0099>s relations with Tyrion and Jaime were much, much richer in the novels. And those relations are the foundations for Cersei we get to know intimately in AFFC and ADWD. And what an intimacy is that: her <U+0080><U+009C>walk of shame<U+0080><U+009D> is a jewel of a chapter, a literary triumph that commands a reader to feel both anger and sympathy toward a person that is literally going through hell of her own doing.I find ACOK to be often underrated among readership, and Cersei in ACOK especially. Lena<U+0080><U+0099>s performance is OK, and TV Cersei is a rather interesting character, but she was even more layered in the novels, starting with ACOK.And, had I put all the above in my essay, it would<U+0080><U+0099>ve been even longer than it is, and it already was a long one. That<U+0080><U+0099>s why I omitted some explanations, which in certain cases was probably a mistake.
2642	Kittykatknits	2013-04-18	I agree with all of this. I like Show Shae and I love the friendship between her and Sansa (although I fear the writers making Shae turn on her like what happened with Doreah and Dany... ugh). But Talisa, the depiction of nudity/sex, and character alterations are all simply unforgivable.The writers included Talisa, a sassy nurse who chafed at her position within society and gives advice to Robb. But they re-wrote Catelyn, a woman who chafed at her position within society and gave advice to the men around her. So when I look at Talisa in the show, I see a female character who fits all the ingredients for being "strong" but without challenging men in any way... if that makes sense? A large number of readers hate Catelyn, probably because - as she notes herself - "all I have done is speak the truth. Are men so fragile they cannot bear to hear it?"Talisa has some of Cat's basic traits (that have pretty much been taken from Cat herself), but she's been watered down so that she doesn't make (male) viewers feel uncomfortable or challenge their views and perceptions. In the first episode she told Robb that he was being too harsh with Catelyn ("She's your mother") but... she didn't really do anything. Could you imagine if that was Book!Cat and Ned? She'd tell him the truth, regardless of whether he would be able to handle it.Yes! This is why I didn't like her back story (noble woman runs away because slavey is bad!). It paints her as someone good yet in a completely non-threatening way. She can make a sassy comment to Robb about what he plans to do after the war but it's presented in a non-threatening manner. Catelyn, in the books, asks why not peace and questions the futility of their vengeance yet was dismissed for this viewpoint - largely because of her gender. Worse, they took this out of the show completely.Talisa breaks the rule and we get no explanation why. At this point, I don't think we will.As to Shae, I love her friendship with Sansa too. I wasn't sure what to think during their first scene together but I've really grown to enjoy it.ETA:"Cersei is multidimensional, much more than in the TV series, despite what show-enthusiasts claim. You have to read a little more careful, but yeah, her dimensions are there"I seriously don't understand how you can make this argument, especially since Cersei is pretty one note up until FfC. But Im willing to hear if he's got any evidence or argument to back this claim up. But he doesn't. He just stops at telling me that Cersei has more dimensions in the books.Actually, many arguments are made that Cersei is more multi-dimensional before Feast. We get to see her through several POVs which fleshes her out in many ways. Her relationship with her family and Tyrion is more complex, we got hints of her mixed feelings regarding Sansa, Ned helped us see her as something to feel empathy for, and so on. Feast gave us Maggy the Frog and paranoia. She's much closer to the wicked queen trope in Feast.
					
					
							Edited by Kittykatknits, 18 April 2013 - 08:40 AM.
2643	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	Oh god, I hate Talisa; I really, really do. What a badly written, uninteresting and annoying as hell cliche of a character.
2644	Currawong	2013-04-18	I understand from a TV series perspective why they had to change the Jeyne plotline, because Robb had to be much more on screen for TV than he was 'on page' in the book, where of course he is not a POV character.   Having him simply head off to the Crag and then arrive back with this woman out of the blue just would not have worked for TV audiences, no matter how much explanation / exposition they put in.   For that reason, they had to come up with something that made more sense on-screen, and allowed audiences to get to know Robb better and also the woman he ends up marrying.   So I don't object to the idea of getting rid of Book Jeyne and coming up with someone else for TV story purposes.  My objections to Talisa are therefore not that she has replaced Jeyne, but that she is not a believable alternative for Jeyne.  When even strong and well-armed Brienne was always wary of the possibility of rape, the idea of a single pretty woman nurse surviving un-raped in the middle of an army is extremely implausible, because I don't for one moment believe that the ordinary men in Robb's army are any more 'noble' about the treatment of women than in any other Westeros army.  The cliche of 'grieving patient falls in love with pretty nurse' may work in many other stories, but not in the context of Robb and his army.   Mind you, I didn't like Book Jeyne or her plotline either - I'm afraid that when Robb returned with her and his story about 'saving her honour', was the moment I lost any sympathy for him.  TBH, I was never especially invested in Book Robb as a character anyway, and for me as a reader, his marriage to Jeyne just made me shrug and say:  'Well, as a king, or a wannabe king, you ought to know better.'  Sorry GRRM, but if I was supposed to be somehow impressed with his Stark sense of honour, it didn't work for me.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 18 April 2013 - 09:20 AM.
2645	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-18	I agree with what has already been said about Talisa and the risk of her being raped not having been taken into consideration by the writers, but I have a question: doesn't that also count for the Silent Sisters? I've never heard anyone complaining about the lack of realism of their not being raped; is that because they're nurses? Because that would also apply to Talisa. Or is it because they are "nuns"? Because I think that would not be too great an obstacle, expecially for northmen, who worship different gods. Any ideas?
2646	Tadco26	2013-04-18	Some of the silent sisters were raped.  It's discussed in Briennes chapters.http://awoiaf.wester.../Silent_SistersTraveling to Duskendale at the beginning of her quest Brienne comes across a band of silent sisters, she asks them if they have seen her sister but they shake their heads. [8]Later Brienne, Ser Illifer and Ser Creighton Longbough come across some poor fellows marching to King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing. The poor fellows tell them that even silent sisters have been molested. [8][11] Ser Crayton remarks that a man would need to be a fool to rape a silent sister, even to lay hands upon one. [
2647	Kittykatknits	2013-04-18	I agree with what has already been said about Talisa and the risk of her being raped not having been taken into consideration by the writers, but I have a question: doesn't that also count for the Silent Sisters? I've never heard anyone complaining about the lack of realism of their not being raped; is that because they're nurses? Because that would also apply to Talisa. Or is it because they are "nuns"? Because I think that would not be too great an obstacle, expecially for northmen, who worship different gods. Any ideas?Actually, that's part of the realism of the books. Silent Sisters and Septas both were supposed to be off-limits. But, they are raped (we learn about it in Clash IIRC) and Septa Mordane was killed in KL. Both events are not "supposed" to happen yet did.Edit: Ninja'd by Tadco26. I knew there was a quote about this somewhere.
					
					
							Edited by Kittykatknits, 18 April 2013 - 10:14 AM.
2648	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-18	Edit: double post
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 18 April 2013 - 10:27 AM.
2649	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-18	Great (as far as consistency is concerned,of course!). Then I really do not know what to say about the Talisa matter. The only thing that comes into my mind is that maybe she was not travelling alone. I recall her being with someone when she was writing the letter. But yes, this is a weak explanation.
					
					
							Edited by The Mondrian Oak, 18 April 2013 - 10:32 AM.
2650	WhiteGuts	2013-04-18	The only thing Book!Cat ever did was voicing her concerns, but otherwise she didn't threaten anyone, and certainly not Robb, the Blackfish, not even Edmure. She wasn't always right either." she's been watered down so that she doesn't make (male) viewers feel uncomfortable or challenge their views and perceptions" I'm sorry but this is bullshit. She was re-written because they needed to make room for Robb. It's not about sexism...
2651	Kittykatknits	2013-04-18	The only thing Book!Cat ever did was voicing her concerns, but otherwise she didn't threaten anyone, and certainly not Robb, the Blackfish, not even Edmure. She wasn't always right either." she's been watered down so that she doesn't make (male) viewers feel uncomfortable or challenge their views and perceptions" I'm sorry but this is bullshit. She was re-written because they needed to make room for Robb. It's not about sexism...So a female character was watered down in order to make a male character look better. Yeah, that totally can't be called sexist in any way whatsoever.
2652	Where Boars Glow	2013-04-18	I agree with all of this. I like Show Shae and I love the friendship between her and Sansa (although I fear the writers making Shae turn on her like what happened with Doreah and Dany... ugh). But Talisa, the depiction of nudity/sex, and character alterations are all simply unforgivable.The writers included Talisa, a sassy nurse who chafed at her position within society and gives advice to Robb. But they re-wrote Catelyn, a woman who chafed at her position within society and gave advice to the men around her. So when I look at Talisa in the show, I see a female character who fits all the ingredients for being "strong" but without challenging men in any way... if that makes sense? A large number of readers hate Catelyn, probably because - as she notes herself - "all I have done is speak the truth. Are men so fragile they cannot bear to hear it?"Talisa has some of Cat's basic traits (that have pretty much been taken from Cat herself), but she's been watered down so that she doesn't make (male) viewers feel uncomfortable or challenge their views and perceptions. In the first episode she told Robb that he was being too harsh with Catelyn ("She's your mother") but... she didn't really do anything. Could you imagine if that was Book!Cat and Ned? She'd tell him the truth, regardless of whether he would be able to handle it.Again - agreed. The Tywin point was really interesting and not something I'd ever thought about.If you equate "plot advancement" with "infodump" then maybe it's good that the series includes such dreadful filler. Maybe viewers like you are D&D's intended target audience. I hope you enjoy the show... Hopefully none of your favourite scenes will be cut so that D&D can include nine minutes of filler throughout the episode (2 minutes of musical chairs and 7 minutes of Tyrion).I'm not going to pretend I could make the TV show better or write a good script etc... But yeah, I do think I (or, really, anyone else) could have found a better use for that seven minutes of screentime. Seven minutes is more than enough time to include two scenes. We could have got another Jon scene (he's leaving Mance's camp next week so there's a lot of wasted opportunity there), or an extra few lines in Arya's scene to establish what's going on, or a Sansa scene showing her friendship with Margaery, etc. None of those scenes would have been "infodumps", but they would have been interesting to watch and actually advance the plot.I also think they have done a good job of playing up the relationship of Shae and Tyrion more....as well as making Tyrion more likable which will really kick that betrayal into overdrive /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2653	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	So a female character was watered down in order to make a male character look better. Yeah, that totally can't be called sexist in any way whatsoever.Not because Robb is a man. Because he is the most important person in the North. If it was Sansa as Queen of the North in Robb's place the same thing would have happened.
2654	David Selig	2013-04-18	Not because Robb is a man. Because he is the most important person in the North. If it was Sansa as Queen of the North in Robb's place the same thing would have happened.Funny, I don't see Tyrion being watered down to make the more important and powerful members of his family look better.
2655	WhiteGuts	2013-04-18	Not because Robb is a man. Because he is the most important person in the North. If it was Sansa as Queen of the North in Robb's place the same thing would have happened.Exactly. He's the most important character from the North with 0 POV chapters. It couldn't possibly work this way on TV.Funny, I don't see Tyrion being watered down to make the more important and powerful members of his family look better.Well, Tyrion IS one of the most important members of his family. Of the whole story, even.
					
					
							Edited by WhiteGuts, 18 April 2013 - 11:11 AM.
2656	David Selig	2013-04-18	Well, Tyrion IS one of the most important members of his family. Of the whole story, even.No, he's not. His father has way more power and influence, his sister is the Queen, his nephew is the king, his brother is the lord commander of the KG. Tyrion is 5th in terms of power and influence in-world.
2657	Ran	2013-04-18	Pretty sure WhiteGuts means that Tyrion has more story importance than Tywin. This is true enough.
2658	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	My objections to Talisa are therefore not that she has replaced Jeyne, but that she is not a believable alternative for Jeyne.  When even strong and well-armed Brienne was always wary of the possibility of rape, the idea of a single pretty woman nurse surviving un-raped in the middle of an army is extremely implausible, because I don't for one moment believe that the ordinary men in Robb's army are any more 'noble' about the treatment of women than in any other Westeros army.  The cliche of 'grieving patient falls in love with pretty nurse' may work in many other stories, but not in the context of Robb and his army.   Exactly. I don't mind them cutting out Jeyne and her family in favour of one character, it's just she's such a poorly chosen type of character that I just can't get over the horrible cliche, the unrealistic nature of her as a character and also how ridiculously uninteresting she actually is. " she's been watered down so that she doesn't make (male) viewers feel uncomfortable or challenge their views and perceptions" I'm sorry but this is bullshit. She was re-written because they needed to make room for Robb. It's not about sexism......Do you realise the hilarity of this post? In that you are arguing this isn't sexism, but then claiming she was watered down to make room for Robb. Thus, watering down an important, well rounded POV female character to ''make way'' for a non POV male character? Right. OK. Not sexist at all /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It doesn't even make sense anyway. Cat didn't need to have some of her strong, intelligent traits taken away from her to make Robb better. How does that work?
2659	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	The only thing Book!Cat ever did was voicing her concerns, but otherwise she didn't threaten anyone, and certainly not Robb, the Blackfish, not even Edmure. She wasn't always right either. LOL, she THREATENS the position of men by pointing out their stupidity, not by threatening them with violence. I thought that was very clear. Obviously not.Not because Robb is a man. Because he is the most important person in the North. If it was Sansa as Queen of the North in Robb's place the same thing would have happened. So Jon's story should be minimised to give more screentime to Mance Rayder? Theon's story should be replaced with Balon Greyjoy's? What about Davos - should he have been removed to make more room for Stannis? Should Tyrion have been given less screentime to make more room for Joffrey?I'm sure you answered no. So the same should be true for Catelyn. She's a more important character than Robb. More important within the world of ASOIAF at this precise moment, maybe not. But she's far more important overall.
2660	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	Wow, this thread has been derailed. How did Talisahate get into this thread?
Back to the little things, I found it strange that Daenarys has been wearing the same dress and necklace for the past two episodes she was in. Surely she has a change of clothes?
2661	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	Wow, this thread has been derailed. How did Talisahate get into this thread?Back to the little things, I found it strange that Daenarys has been wearing the same dress and necklace for the past two episodes she was in. Surely she has a change of clothes?Only one day has passed in her storyline; in episode 1 they arrive at Astapor, and Kraznys tells Daenerys that she must decide if she wants the Unsullied by the next day.The thread has been "derailed" by "Talisa hate" because a lot of criticism of the show involves the presentation of female characters and therefore Talisa.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 18 April 2013 - 12:09 PM.
2662	Jolene Brown	2013-04-18	The thing about the Silent Sisters as compared to Talisa is that they are the Silent SisterS... they are traveling in small groups, I think, which - although clearly it does not make them immune to harm - does make them safer than a beautiful unattached woman traveling apparently alone.  And there is an obvious societal taboo against hurting them that, again, doesn't apply to Talisa. 
That is one of the things that has bugged me the most from the beginning about Talisa.  She is just sort of plopped into the narrative out of nowhere, by herself, and it shows.  Where did she come from?  Where did she get her training?  She obviously wasn't trained in Volantis.  How did she get to this battlefield where she meets Robb?  How is she travelling?  Does she have a horse?  Is she walking?  Does she have companions?  None of it feels organic.  Because it's not organic.  She's being inserted into a story where she doesn't belong.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 18 April 2013 - 12:27 PM.
2663	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	Only one day has passed in her storyline; in episode 1 they arrive at Astapor, and Kraznys tells Daenerys that she must decide if she wants the Unsullied by the next day.The thread has been "derailed" by "Talisa hate" because a lot of criticism of the show involves the presentation of female characters and therefore Talisa.Oh ok, I understand now. Do hope that she changes her dress at some point though.Don't know why you've put quotation marks around derailed there. This is a thread about little things last episode that bothered you, not huge hulking issues within the show about the treatment of women.
2664	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	It's a thread for criticism, so criticism over the changing of Cat's character and the inclusion of a character such as Talisa are valid here. If you don't want to discuss these topics, then don't. But don't dismiss them.
2665	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	It's a thread for criticism, so criticism over the changing of Cat's character and the inclusion of a character such as Talisa are valid here. If you don't want to discuss these topics, then don't. But don't dismiss them.OK, maybe I've misunderstood the point of this thread then, but it seems that it was created in order to criticize or question little things in the Episode Walk of Punishment that were irritating, not issues with storylines over the whole show like Talisa (who does admittedly suck as a character). The title is, "criticism - the little things", and it is in the section for Walk of Punishment. I'm not saying that you cant criticize major storylines, but this isn't the thread your looking for. This is more a "Why did they change the Bolton sigil?" thread. Which brings me to my point, why did they change the Bolton sigil? Did they think that the droplets of blood were too gruesome? Did they want to hint to the audience that Theon was being tortured by the Bolton's?
2666	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	I don't know why you're so opposed to that sort of discussion, but OK.
2667	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-18	Jolene Brown (I'm sorry but I can't quote posts with my phone), if I remember correctly, Talisa first showed up with a few Silent Sisters, so, if their travelling in small groups somehow prevented them from being raped, then she was safer too!
2668	Dove	2013-04-18	I really really wanted to like Talisa because hey, strong-willed female field medic with a regard for all lives great and small, and not afraid to speak up for what she believes in - sounds pretty rad! Could have been a lot better than "Jeyne Westerling - she's nice and pretty and also her mom becomes a spy maybe? Well, that's it."They just wrote her in such a grating way. In a way her whole character diminishes the struggles of other legitimately strong female characters on the move like Brienne, Arya, Sansa, and Cat because it was so easy for Talisa to run around sassin' everybody and not giving a damn.The changes to her character and the sequence of events also made Robb even more selfish and idiotic by association.In the end it doesn't matter much but I'd like to think it makes Cat even more sympathetic to someone who wouldn't like her otherwise. She won't get killed because her son's an honorable dumbass, she's going to be killed because her son's a selfish dumbass instead.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 18 April 2013 - 02:16 PM.
2669	mafalda	2013-04-18	Talk about nitpicking to the finest!
It must be very irritating for you to watch anything. There are several unreal aspects about movies and tv shows. If made to, I'm sure we can pick out a fault with anything!
I came here thinking this was a board maybe picking out things they left out in the book.
People have different reactions to limbs being cut off, Boy might be the most skilled hunter ever (did you really take time to look up the arrow statistics after that scene aired??), maybe Theon has the skull of a giant, and Ser Barristan shanked the hell out of Ser Jorah.. we just didn't see it!
Just try to relax and enjoy the show /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's great entertainment, and you'd have a hard time finding anything better on tv these days. Don't read too far into it. Good luck!
2670	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	I don't know why you're so opposed to that sort of discussion, but OK.Sorry for being such  a stickler. It's just that I find that not following the thread leads to the same discussions over and over. The board is a lot more fun and interesting without the homogenization of every thread.
2671	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	Just try to relax and enjoy the show /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's great entertainment, and you'd have a hard time finding anything better on tv these days. Don't read too far into it. Good luck!I have to question what sort of TV shows you're watching, honestly. Because GoT, whilst a good show, has a lot of problems.
2672	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	I do think GoT is a whole lot better than a lot of TV shows I'm watching and I watch quite a bit of TV. It just has silly little flaws and mistakes that don't need to happen. 
The only things I'm really ANGRY about are Talisa, changing characters personalities and all the pointless brothel scenes + scenes that add NOTHING to the story.
2673	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	I have to question what sort of TV shows you're watching, honestly. Because GoT, whilst a good show, has a lot of problems.I think what he is saying is that most TV is trash, which is hard to disagree with. 95% of what is on  right now is almost certainly worse than GoT, if you include sophomoric comedy shows and reality TV. The show certainly is entertaining.
2674	ShigellaSand	2013-04-18	Talk about nitpicking to the finest!It must be very irritating for you to watch anything. There are several unreal aspects about movies and tv shows. If made to, I'm sure we can pick out a fault with anything!I came here thinking this was a board maybe picking out things they left out in the book.People have different reactions to limbs being cut off, Boy might be the most skilled hunter ever (did you really take time to look up the arrow statistics after that scene aired??), maybe Theon has the skull of a giant, and Ser Barristan shanked the hell out of Ser Jorah.. we just didn't see it!Just try to relax and enjoy the show /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It's great entertainment, and you'd have a hard time finding anything better on tv these days. Don't read too far into it. Good luck!I don't see why people can't enjoy the show, and point out the things they don't enjoy so much. They're not mutually exclusive. If that's not your cup of tea, well, there are threads that aren't called Criticism.... Some people like nitpicking, others don't - but surely there can be room for both kinds on the same board?
2675	mafalda	2013-04-18	I think what he is saying is that most TV is trash, which is hard to disagree with. 95% of what is on  right now is almost certainly worse than GoT, if you include sophomoric comedy shows and reality TV. The show certainly is entertaining.Thank you! With all the garbage reality tv out there, like the effing kardashians and all the stupid singing and dancing shows, GoT is a gem! I'm not saying that there isn't anything better, there are a few that could give GoT a run for their money!I don't see why people can't enjoy the show, and point out the things they don't enjoy so much. They're not mutually exclusive. If that's not your cup of tea, well, there are threads that aren't called Criticism.... Some people like nitpicking, others don't - but surely there can be room for both kinds on the same board?Very true. I guess I just expected this board to be criticism, like.. pointing out book differences, instead of pointing out things so technical such as how fast people can shoot a certain amount of arrows. But yeah, original poster is totally entitled to his opinion. But we can all agree to disagree, and I simply disagree with their post. So have others. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2676	protar	2013-04-18	Very true. I guess I just expected this board to be criticism, like.. pointing out book differences, instead of pointing out things so technical such as how fast people can shoot a certain amount of arrows. But yeah, original poster is totally entitled to his opinion. But we can all agree to disagree, and I simply disagree with their post. So have others. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />So you're complaining that people are being too intelligent in their criticisms? I just don't get that kind of thinking.
2677	Dove	2013-04-18	Not necessarily "more intelligent", it's more pedantic than anything when it comes to things like... arrow speeds or helmets, or whatever. But there's no better place for pedantic nitpicks than a thread titled Criticism (the little things) so I'll leave it be and let y'all do your thing on all that.It's better that stuff like this is contained in one thread so there's less slapfights anyway, imo.
2678	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-18	Very true. I guess I just expected this board to be criticism, like.. pointing out book differences, instead of pointing out things so technical such as how fast people can shoot a certain amount of arrows. But yeah, original poster is totally entitled to his opinion. But we can all agree to disagree, and I simply disagree with their post. So have others. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />There is another thread dedicated to differences from the books, this thread is clearly labeled "criticism, (the little things)" so fully expect that the little things will be picked apart mercilessly. And endlessly.
					
					
							Edited by Hound's She-wolf, 18 April 2013 - 03:47 PM.
2679	Maester Ruin	2013-04-18	Thank you! With all the garbage reality tv out there, like the effing kardashians and all the stupid singing and dancing shows, GoT is a gem! I'm not saying that there isn't anything better, there are a few that could give GoT a run for their money!Very true. I guess I just expected this board to be criticism, like.. pointing out book differences, instead of pointing out things so technical such as how fast people can shoot a certain amount of arrows. But yeah, original poster is totally entitled to his opinion. But we can all agree to disagree, and I simply disagree with their post. So have others. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I love how you associate criticism with book deviations. changes  arent always bad...
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 18 April 2013 - 06:31 PM.
2680	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	Someone did bring up a good point. Why are Dany and co. all wearing the exact same things? Most of them you can account for, but it's odd that Dany and Khraznis would be wearing the same clothes for several days isn't it?
2681	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	Someone did bring up a good point. Why are Dany and co. all wearing the exact same things? Most of them you can account for, but it's odd that Dany and Khraznis would be wearing the same clothes for several days isn't it?I answered this: Dany's story has taken place over the course of two days.
2682	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	I answered this: Dany's story has taken place over the course of two days.Wouldn't it be odd for her to wear the same clothes twice in a row as she's dealing with Astapor's nobility.
2683	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	Wouldn't it be odd for her to wear the same clothes twice in a row as she's dealing with Astapor's nobility.She's the Mother of Dragons. Clothing is the least of her problems.And seriously - there are far more important things to worry about in this show than what Daenerys is wearing.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 18 April 2013 - 06:54 PM.
2684	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-18	And seriously - there are far more important things to worry about in this show than what Daenerys is wearing.Robb's been wearing the same gear for years now. Must be starting to get a bit 'on the nose." Smelly Northmen!
2685	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	And seriously - there are far more important things to worry about in this show than what Daenerys is wearing.Totally. Like how many arrows a guy can shoot in 10 seconds. Or whether a dwarf can somersault.
2686	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-18	Ok, I went back and watched the scene where Theon falls off his horse.
The morning star doesn't hit him, he falls from his horse avoiding it and gets the wind knocked out of him.
(some people were criticizing it saying the blow should have killed or maimed him)
2687	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-18	On the moon a feather and a ball bearing fall in the same time...Not on Earth. On Westeros' planet the Higgs Boson is known to be less massive.But wizards are more aerodynamic than big fat monsters.  Therefore, Gandalf would have fallen faster.  Which is kind of derailing at this point, I guess.
2688	Talbot	2013-04-18	Dany not changing really annoyed me too, she should definitely have a change of clothes ready.
Seriously, who goes into a business meeting wearing a musty old dress?
2689	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-18	Dany not changing really annoyed me too, she should definitely have a change of clothes ready.Seriously, who goes into a business meeting wearing a musty old dress?To be fair, Kraznys had the same clothes on as well.
2690	Talbot	2013-04-18	To be fair, Kraznys had the same clothes on as well.He annoyed me too
2691	SerMixalot	2013-04-18	Ok, how is this for a nitpick, in that one night scene you could clearly see that the north star corresponds exactly with where it is in our earth night sky, so how could a supposedly different world/planet have the same star configuration?  I mean please, dont they call one constellation the big ladle or something?  Aeron's Belt?
2692	Jolene Brown	2013-04-19	Ok, how is this for a nitpick, in that one night scene you could clearly see that the north star corresponds exactly with where it is in our earth night sky, so how could a supposedly different world/planet have the same star configuration?  I mean please, dont they call one constellation the big ladle or something?  Aeron's Belt?/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2693	rmholt	2013-04-19	GRRM is pretty guilty of this sort of thing at times. Tyrion during the battle of Blackwater? He was a whirlwind of death! Without any training and very little experience, suddenly he's able to cut his way through experienced men at arms and knights. It stretched believability when he was on a horse, but on foot?People forget that not only did Tyrion have a Master at Arms when growing up he also had Jaime for an instructor, a warhorse, a suit of armor, and at the Blackwater, two kingsguard at his side and a squire with more bravery than skill.  So he isnt a complete virgin to fighting.Marie
2694	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	People forget that not only did Tyrion have a Master at Arms when growing up he also had Jaime for an instructor, a warhorse, a suit of armor, and at the Blackwater, two kingsguard at his side and a squire with more bravery than skill.  So he isnt a complete virgin to fighting.MarieHe is still however, a dwarf, which itself means that he has a considerable disadvantage in strength and reach. I didn't realize he had training, but its been decades since that training, and I doubt he was particularly skillful to begin with. He's also in his mid 30s, so he's not that young either. Even with help, he kills far too many people during the Blackwater for it to be believable, especially once he loses his horse. Its not like no-one else had armor either.
2695	ShigellaSand	2013-04-19	He is still however, a dwarf, which itself means that he has a considerable disadvantage in strength and reach. I didn't realize he had training, but its been decades since that training, and I doubt he was particularly skillful to begin with. He's also in his mid 30s, so he's not that young either. Even with help, he kills far too many people during the Blackwater for it to be believable, especially once he loses his horse. Its not like no-one else had armor either.Even with the aging of the kids for the show, I don't think Tyrion makes it up to mid thirties. Late twenties, maybe. He's considerably younger than Jaime and Cersei, after all. Jaime was fifteen when he was brought into the Kingsguard, which was not long before the beginning of Robert's Rebellion...
2696	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-19	He is still however, a dwarf, which itself means that he has a considerable disadvantage in strength and reach. I didn't realize he had training, but its been decades since that training, and I doubt he was particularly skillful to begin with. He's also in his mid 30s, so he's not that young either. Even with help, he kills far too many people during the Blackwater for it to be believable, especially once he loses his horse. Its not like no-one else had armor either.The way it was described in the book, I got the impression that it only seemed to Tyrion that he was mowing down enemies like a whirlwind in the heat of battle, while in truth most of the killing was done by the Whitecloaks that flanked him left and right.
2697	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-19	She's the Mother of Dragons. Clothing is the least of her problems.And seriously - there are far more important things to worry about in this show than what Daenerys is wearing.I am sorry, but she is Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, First of Her Name, the Unburnt, Mother of Dragons, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lady of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm, Princess of Dragonstone, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Child of Three, Daughter of Death, Slayer of Lies, Bride of Fire, and the Blood of the Dragon. (and soon Breaker of Chains and Queen of Meereen).As a Queen she should be dressing properly for every situation, and have more clothes in her wardrobe. Also, Kraznys is a slaver and a little piece of shit, but he is still part of the nobility of Astapor. So yeah, I don't think they should be wearing the same clothes two days in a row.... The slaves, Jorah, and Barristan don't matter that much........And now that we are nitpicking, where is her crown? And (correct me if I am mistaken, my memory could be faling) we haven't seen Robb and Stannis wearing crowns, either. Come on! they are Kings and Queen, they need crowns!!!
2698	zaphodbrx	2013-04-19	Even with the aging of the kids for the show, I don't think Tyrion makes it up to mid thirties. Late twenties, maybe. He's considerably younger than Jaime and Cersei, after all. Jaime was fifteen when he was brought into the Kingsguard, which was not long before the beginning of Robert's Rebellion...In the show, Tyrion is only four years younger than the twins. Considering that Cersei became queen at nineteen and Joffrey is seventeen, adding a couple years in between, and Cersei is 38, thus Tyrion is 34. Peter Dinklage is 42 ( IIRC )
2699	mankytoes	2013-04-19	The only thing that bugged me was Stannis saying "I want you" to Mel, so bloody out of character. 
Soldiers in war have reported being in a fire fight and trying to get up only to find they don't have any legs anymore, so God knows what the OP is on about. 
Oh, and the Bolton men were way too tuneful singing The Bear and the Maiden Fair. Clearly actors, not soldiers!
2700	mafalda	2013-04-19	So you're complaining that people are being too intelligent in their criticisms? I just don't get that kind of thinking.Plenty of people go to threads and post something saying why they disagree with what the OP said. And why. It's what forums are for. I respectfully stated my opinion, and you are doing the same. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Also, there's a fine difference between "intelligent" and "analytical". By no means am I saying that OP isn't intelligent, he/she sounds like a VERY intelligent person! I was just stating my opinion that they're being too analytical. Whenever people complain about anything on the show people can tend to get very nasty with it (ie-name calling, go watch something else, etc) but I thought I stated my reply to OP in a pretty civilized way by saying that there's a technical fault with every show and film, and that he/she ought to just try to enjoy it instead.Totally. Like how many arrows a guy can shoot in 10 seconds. Or whether a dwarf can somersault.LMAO
2701	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Even with the aging of the kids for the show, I don't think Tyrion makes it up to mid thirties. Late twenties, maybe. He's considerably younger than Jaime and Cersei, after all. Jaime was fifteen when he was brought into the Kingsguard, which was not long before the beginning of Robert's Rebellion...Actually, in the books Tyrion is in his mid 30s, according the the asoiaf wiki page. In the show he is probably meant to be the same age as Peter Dinklage, early 40s.
2702	Ran	2013-04-19	The wiki is mistaken, then. Jaime and Cersei are in their mid 30s, Tyrion is about 25-26.
2703	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Oh, I think I misread the wiki page. Sorry ShigellaSand, I was wrong.
2704	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-19	Totally. Like how many arrows a guy can shoot in 10 seconds. Or whether a dwarf can somersault. I was thinking more about the objectification of women, the treatment of GSM characters, and the overwhelming number of plot-holes per episode.
2705	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Sorry for my ignorance, what does GSM stand for?
2706	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-19	I was thinking more about the objectification of women, the treatment of GSM characters, and the overwhelming number of plot-holes per episode.And Robb's, Stannis' and Dany's crowns.
2707	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-19	Sorry for my ignorance, what does GSM stand for?Gender Sexuality Minority. It's more inclusive than LGBTQ which is why I use it.
2708	Birdsong65	2013-04-19	I'm at the point now where I no longer want to talk about Catelyn.Clearly, D&D's work here is now done.  Of the three principles, D&D and GRRM, with each passing season it becomes harder to deny that GRRM is the only one that bore some measure of affection for the character of Catelyn.As for the Pod bordello scene, it was altogether a WTF? moment for me.   Quite reminiscent of a pre-teen boy's sexual fantasy, and as such, not something I would expect grown men to either defend or congratulate themselves about, though I am not surprised that these particular men will undoubtedly do exactly that. Furthermore, it's really saying something that, given the choice, I would rather read Martin's explicit sexual depictions, dripping with misogyny and bad taste, then anything D&D, in combination or individually, present on screen.  It carries all the creative integrity of an American Pie movie.As always, JMHO.
2709	Sansa in the North	2013-04-19	[/background][/left][/font][/color]Clearly, D&D's work here is now done.  Of the three principles, D&D and GRRM, with each passing season it becomes harder to deny that GRRM is the only one that bore some measure of affection for the character of Catelyn.As for the Pod bordello scene, it was altogether a WTF? moment for me.   Quite reminiscent of a pre-teen boy's sexual fantasy, and as such, not something I would expect grown men to either defend or congratulate themselves about, though I am not surprised that these particular men will undoubtedly do exactly that. Furthermore, it's really saying something that, given the choice, I would rather read Martin's explicit sexual depictions, dripping with misogyny and bad taste, then anything D&D, in combination or individually, present on screen.  It carries all the creative integrity of an American Pie movie.As always, JMHO.I don't know, apart from Cersei's walk, I can't really think of a scene Martin wrote that's dripping with misogyny. I'd argue that even the walk had nothing to do with Martin's misogyny (come on, the guy is a feminist) but more the misogyny of Westeros society. It perfectly illustrated how sexual humiliation is used to put women in their place. The drawn out description of it was extremely tasteless though.But other than that? I got nothing.Agreed a 110% on the Cat thing, though. The monologue about feeling jealous of Jon's mother (come on, her feelings and her pride were hurt because Ned was unfaithful, she was never jealous) they gave her, and especially the "worst woman" line makes it pretty clear what D&D think of the character.
2710	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	I don't know, apart from Cersei's walk, I can't really think of a scene Martin wrote that's dripping with misogyny. I'd argue that even the walk had nothing to do with Martin's misogyny (come on, the guy is a feminist) but more the misogyny of Westeros society. It perfectly illustrated how sexual humiliation is used to put women in their place. The drawn out description of it was extremely tasteless though.But other than that? I got nothing.The lesbian scenes between Dany and Irri, and Cersei and Taena were pretty gratuitous and strange. The Asha rape roleplay in a DwD however did come off as misogynistic to me.
2711	Sansa in the North	2013-04-19	The lesbian scenes between Dany and Irri, and Cersei and Taena were pretty gratuitous and strange. The Asha rape roleplay in a DwD however did come off as misogynistic to me.Ah! I'd forgotten about Asha! That was bad! I also agree that the Dany lesbian scene was extremely pointless and gratuitous, but the Cersei scene was kind of different. It showed how she had always wanted to be in Robert's place in the sexual encounters she'd had with him. Cersei being written as having some sort of penis-envy (and I really don't want to use that term, cause I don't think penis-envy is actually a thing that exists in real life, but I can't think of a better one) is pretty problematic in itself, but at least that scene served a purpose and a quite liked it.
2712	Dragonstoned	2013-04-19	penis-envy (and I really don't want to use that term, cause I don't think penis-envy is actually a thing that exists in real life, but I can't think of a better one)cocklust !
2713	Silverx2	2013-04-19	I am sorry, but she is Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, First of Her Name, Titles, titles, you know how it goes
2714	Jolene Brown	2013-04-19	You people are nuts, the Asha scene is the best sex scene in the whole series.  It is role-playing and it is hot and there is nothing remotely misogynist about it.
2715	Masamune	2013-04-19	it always amazes me that certain posters can type with their lips firmly attached to D&D's butts.But it's true. They are completely different.The books rock, the TV show (S1 aside) is blowing major chunks.
2716	Kittykatknits	2013-04-19	You people are nuts, the Asha scene is the best sex scene in the whole series.  It is role-playing and it is hot and there is nothing remotely misogynist about it.I agree so much. It's an incredibly empowering scene for Asha, role playing included.
2717	Joyful Union	2013-04-20	I agree so much. It's an incredibly empowering scene for Asha, role playing included.Incredibly empowering? Wanting to be completely dominated by a man during sex? Pretending to be raped?
2718	Ran	2013-04-20	Choosing when and how and with who you have your sexual experiences is, indeed, empowering. Many women in Westeros usually don't, after all, get any of these choices.
Feminist circles are divided on the topic, it is true, but feminist scholarship seems to increasingly accept that there's no real no contradiction.
And since we're on the topic of stuff that isn't misogynistic, Cersei with Taena was not intended to be titillating -- it was intended as disturbing, not hot and sexy, because it revealed some pretty dark aspects of Cersei's character.
2719	protar	2013-04-20	Incredibly empowering? Wanting to be completely dominated by a man during sex? Pretending to be raped?well essentially as it is consensual sex, Asha is only submitting because she wants to. Which means she is giving Qarl power over her, and to quote Balon "what is given can just as easily be taken away." So in a round about way, Asha is the one in control because she's deciding how much power Qarl has.
2720	Khal Porno	2013-04-20	Incredibly empowering? Wanting to be completely dominated by a man during sex? Pretending to be raped?Both surprisingly common female sex fantasies, which seems counterintuitive but it's true.
2721	Kittykatknits	2013-04-20	Incredibly empowering? Wanting to be completely dominated by a man during sex? Pretending to be raped?Choosing when and how and with who you have your sexual experiences is, indeed, empowering. Many women in Westeros usually don't, after all, get any of these choices.Feminist circles are divided on the topic, it is true, but feminist scholarship seems to increasingly accept that there's no real no contradiction.And since we're on the topic of stuff that isn't misogynistic, Cersei with Taena was not intended to be titillating -- it was intended as disturbing, not hot and sexy, because it revealed some pretty dark aspects of Cersei's character.Focusing on these scene as just a rape fantasy misses out on so much of what is going on. As Ran pointed out, most women in Westeros do not get the choices that Asha does. The big point of that scene is not a woman who wants to be dominated by the big, strong man. The whole scene shows us that Asha is the one with the power in the relationship. She defines what is sexy, she defines what their relationship looks like. We view the entire thing through Asha's eyes, we are in her head to hear what she thinks. Qarl exists here for Asha. She is the one telling us why he is sexy, what is attractive about him, why she chooses a relationship with him, and so on.Compare it with the use of sex and nudity on the show which I've often pointed out is very skewed toward a heterosexual and male viewpoint, with lots of male gaze. This scene is the direct opposite. It's Asha that has the gaze, Qarl is the one being looked upon, it's the female who defines anything.So, yes, incredibly empowering and I'd even say one of the most sex positive scenes in the entire series. It's a perfect example of what I'm talking about when I say how much I appreciate the way Martin handles his depiction of women in ASOIAF.Both surprisingly common female sex fantasies, which seems counterintuitive but it's true.Not as surprising as you might think. Many, many women are going to be raped, sexually assualted, or subject to attempts of rape and sexual assault. A fantasy like this one is a way to reclaim power over events where you are powerless.
2722	Sansa in the North	2013-04-20	Focusing on these scene as just a rape fantasy misses out on so much of what is going on. As Ran pointed out, most women in Westeros do not get the choices that Asha does. The big point of that scene is not a woman who wants to be dominated by the big, strong man. The whole scene shows us that Asha is the one with the power in the relationship. She defines what is sexy, she defines what their relationship looks like. We view the entire thing through Asha's eyes, we are in her head to hear what she thinks. Qarl exists here for Asha. She is the one telling us why he is sexy, what is attractive about him, why she chooses a relationship with him, and so on.Compare it with the use of sex and nudity on the show which I've often pointed out is very skewed toward a heterosexual and male viewpoint, with lots of male gaze. This scene is the direct opposite. It's Asha that has the gaze, Qarl is the one being looked upon, it's the female who defines anything.So, yes, incredibly empowering and I'd even say one of the most sex positive scenes in the entire series. It's a perfect example of what I'm talking about when I say how much I appreciate the way Martin handles his depiction of women in ASOIAF.Wow! You've just made me see the whole scene in an entirely new light. Respect, is all I've got to say. I take back what I said earlier about this scene being bad.I still think the Dany lesbian scene is bad, thou.
2723	Khal Porno	2013-04-20	A fantasy like this one is a way to reclaim power over events where you are powerless.Well...maybe, but from my experience (as the other party in the fantasy) that isn't the motivation behind it although I suppose it may be for some.
2724	Clariana	2013-04-20	Incredibly empowering? Wanting to be completely dominated by a man during sex? Pretending to be raped?It's with "Quarl the maid" isn't it?  Pretty certain that it is insinuated in the books that was Asha who initiated him. There is some reference  to her showing him the world and handing him his first peach. As are other females, I'm happy with that scene particularly given the fact that Asha is undoubtedly the dominant partner.
2725	Kittykatknits	2013-04-20	Wow! You've just made me see the whole scene in an entirely new light. Respect, is all I've got to say. I take back what I said earlier about this scene being bad.I still think the Dany lesbian scene is bad, thou.Glad to hear that. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Well...maybe, but from my experience (as the other party in the fantasy) that isn't the motivation behind it although I suppose it may be for some.It's not my personal fantasy, I've read about it though. Fantasies can be all over the place for men and women. Some women have rape fantasies, for some its sex with strangers, or a seduction fantasy or ones where the woman is in a dominant position. All over the place and they exist for their own reasons. These days, my fantasies involve my husband doing household chores and being a dad, such is my life. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />And this thread has taken a turn....It's with "Quarl the maid" isn't it?  Pretty certain that it is insinuated in the books that was Asha who initiated him. There is some reference  to her showing him the world and handing him his first peach. As are other females, I'm happy with that scene particularly given the fact that Asha is undoubtedly the dominant partner.Yep, its heavily implied that she was his first. Asha also insinuates that he was not her only partner in the time they had been together too.
2726	Dragonstoned	2013-04-21	I liked it.
2727	Loras	2013-04-17	I have spent a certain amount of time criticising the director of Episodes 1 and 2, Daniel Minahan, and I really wanted to continue the theme through this episode as well.
I was wonderfully impressed with Benioff as a director.  During this episode he had a number of the most impressive scenes of the series to date.
The Theon horse chase looks to have been inspired by Peter Jackson's 'The Fellowship of the Ring' - down to the white horse and Theon being chased by men in black.  I found the chase incredibly powerful and would give this single scene the accolade of the series' best action scene to date.  It was truly movie quality.
The staging of Dany negotiating with Master Kraznys was another stroke of genius.  The colours and the location were brilliant.  
The musical chairs scene - which ironically featured no music - was beautiful!
I think that being the man to envision the characters from book to screen has certainly benefitted Beinoff.  Though nothing should be taken away from the incredible job that he has done on this episode.
(Not to mention Jaime's hand shining in the firelight for the first half of the Jaime/Locke scene - amazing!)
What did everybody think?
2728	Ran	2013-04-17	It should be noted that while DGA rules meant only one person could be credited as director, Benioff and Weiss both directed the episode together, whatever the DGA says.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 17 April 2013 - 07:57 PM.
2729	teemo	2013-04-17	I agree with you, except I didn't like the musical chairs thing.
2730	Don Roberto	2013-04-17	Aside from the closing credits punk music, which surprisingly many people actually liked, I too quite enjoyed the direction. Not the best this series' had, but a definite improvement over the bleak direction from the past couple episodes.
Though I do wonder how much creative liberty these directors have, and how much is actually directed by them, instead of second and third crews. I'd bet my money that Benioff & Weiss have the final cut in every episode, which makes it unfair to chastise a single director for all the woos in any given episode.
					
					
							Edited by Roberto, 17 April 2013 - 08:19 PM.
2731	Spring Snow	2013-04-17	I, too, had to notice the particular framing of Jaime's hand. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Very well done. The whole episode was. Ignoring pacing, choice of music, and all of the other elements that others found controversial, I found the episode to be one of the best *directed* in the entire series thus far.The Theon horse chase looks to have been inspired by Peter Jackson's 'The Fellowship of the Ring' - down to the white horse and Theon being chased by men in black.  I found the chase incredibly powerful and would give this single scene the accolade of the series' best action scene to date.  It was truly movie quality.This was probably one of my favorite scenes. The white horse against the vague, muddied landscape right before the chase began was an incredibly striking image. Shots like that go a long way towards emphasizing just how nightmarish and surreal his situation was, and the chase that followed and the scene right after was positively gut-wrenching and incredibly tense. I was cringing and watching through my fingers on the first viewing.
2732	go joff go	2013-04-17	I agree it was a well directed episode although I don't really agree with your criticism of the first two episodes.  I liked the opening scene in particular I thought the angle in which the boat caught fire was very aesthetically pleasing.
2733	tryagainlater	2013-04-17	Yes, I was very impressed by the direction in this episode. The camera work when we see the body part pattern left by the White Walkers was also pretty good.
2734	sarah.jenice	2013-04-17	I really liked this episode, too.
I loved the camera angles in the scene with Dany and how they followed Dany's line of sight as she looked up at the dirty, sad slaves looking down on them by panning the camera around with her as she turned. It really helped express her disgust with slavery without having to include any dialogue of her saying how she feels.
In fact, I think this episode did a fantastic job of conveying important messages without dialogue, and the musical chairs scene you mentioned was the best. No one had to speak a word for that scene to be great.
2735	I do not sew	2013-04-17	Hoster's funeral is easily among the best scenes of the series thus far. Phenomenal.
The last two scenes were epic as well.
2736	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-18	The direction was marvelous--I wish they got to direct more episodes. The chase scene was beautiful, from the moment Theon cantered into the green field. The framing when the Boy walked up was wonderful too--you're seeing it over the torturer's shoulder, and for the first time Theon's "savior" looks menacing. 
Not using music during the musical chairs scene was a great move, as well as how they set it up and staged it. Nice little moments, like Varys sticking his tongue into his cheek when Littlefinger was talking. 
IIRC, the slaves were in a square, not a boulevard. However, I think the line-and-file of crucified bodies was very striking. Good choice. 
Basically, please direct more episodes D&D!
2737	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-18	I agree, I was pleasantly surprised at Benioff and Weiss' directing ability, given their subpar editing in episode 2. Best shot scenes were Hoster's funeral and Theon being chased.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 18 April 2013 - 03:28 AM.
2738	ghost23	2013-04-18	I really enjoy how the opening shot of the episode was done in one take. Hoster's boat moves down the lake, camera moves to Robb and Blackfish walking out of the lake, Edmure enters the frame, lights his arrow and shoots it, all in one take. I'm definitely not a fan of directors over-editing the shots which was why I found the cold opening where Sam fights the Wight to be poor. There had to have been a dozen cuts within a 15-20 second window.
2739	Kienn	2013-04-18	I really enjoy how the opening shot of the episode was done in one take. Hoster's boat moves down the lake, camera moves to Robb and Blackfish walking out of the lake, Edmure enters the frame, lights his arrow and shoots it, all in one take. I'm definitely not a fan of directors over-editing the shots which was why I found the cold opening where Sam fights the Wight to be poor. There had to have been a dozen cuts within a 15-20 second window.There's actually lots of cuts in the opening scene this episode as well (32 cuts in 2 minutes) with several 1/2 second clips clumped together in a few spots. There isn't actually anything intrinsically wrong with fast cuts, it's when they're done badly that you notice them and it's disorienting and looks terrible.The main difference is that this wasn't a heavy action scene, the cuts were all between what little action there was to show different people's reactions and to show the arrows hitting/missing. Contrast this with episode 2 where the cuts were in the middle of sword swings.
2740	protar	2013-04-18	E3 was my favourite episode so far but I think that was more because we were past the slow opening section and into the meat of it more than because D+D are amazing directors. Having said that, I still thought that overall it was well directed, better than I expected. My only problem was there were a few scenes where you could imagine D+D behind the camera, patting themselves on the back and congratulating each other on their "genius": The musical chairs, Pod and the Whores, the "jarring juxtaposition" of the end credit music. Hell, apart from the last one I thought they were good ideas but it was kind of obvious that D+D were just a little too pleased with themselves and self-indulgently let those scenes drag on longer than they should have.
2741	Kienn	2013-04-18	Do you just picture them doing that every time you disagree with a scene?
Kind of strange...
2742	Arkash	2013-04-18	Mention to the opening of the episode too : this opening sequence-shot was amazing !
Edit : beaten to it ! ^^
And yes, Jaime's hand "shining" by the fire during the dialogue was... well... pure gold !
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 18 April 2013 - 09:10 AM.
2743	protar	2013-04-18	Do you just picture them doing that every time you disagree with a scene?Kind of strange...Did you read the fact that I liked 2 of those 3 scenes? They were good concepts but for some reason D+D felt they were good enough to stretch past the point that was necessary. Pod and the whores was funny, but we didn't need 7 minutes of it or however long we got, we didn't need 3 scenes to get to the punch line.
2744	greensleeves	2013-04-18	It was great...some very fine television (if you completely cut out the 'pod is the god of lovers' subplot).
2745	Loras	2013-04-18	The stark image of Theon on his white horse against the slate hills and grey sky might be my favourite 'image' from the entire series so far.  It made Westeros feel huge and real.  My second favourite is Theon's baptism.
I'll just echo everyone else on the serenity of the first scene.  Wonderful/
2746	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	I loved the Theon horse chase. Don't care if it's not in the books. As television, it was wonderful to watch.
2747	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-18	I agree the direction was better than last episode, and this episode is been the better so far. 
However, I didn't like the Pod and whores scene, and the song at the end (I don't think it's a bad song. I just think it doesn't fit with the moment or with the Middle Age).
And am I the only one who didn't like the music chairs scene?
2748	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	I loved the Theon horse chase. Don't care if it's not in the books. As television, it was wonderful to watch.My main problem with the Theon storyline is that other stories are being cut in favour of it.
2749	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-18	My main problem with the Theon storyline is that other stories are being cut in favour of it.Besides that also what are gonna do with him? Just torture him for 2 seasons?
2750	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	Besides that also what are gonna do with him? Just torture him for 2 seasons?Was he in the book? No. Then cut him for a season.For the record I prefer Theon to a few other characters, but their stories should not be reduced so that he can be present. Jon and Arya's scenes have been significantly reduced this season in favour of including Theon.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 18 April 2013 - 12:42 PM.
2751	protar	2013-04-18	Was he in the book? No. Then cut him for a season.For the record I prefer Theon to a few other characters, but their stories should not be reduced so that he can be present. Jon and Arya's scenes have been significantly reduced this season in favour of including Theon.You are aware that you can't just tell actors to sit out for 2 years and then expect them to have made time for a major part in season 5. Theon needed a story this season and will probably have one next season. I don't really see any problem with it though I agree he should be lower priority.
2752	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	You are aware that you can't just tell actors to sit out for 2 years and then expect them to have made time for a major part in season 5. Theon needed a story this season and will probably have one next season. I don't really see any problem with it though I agree he should be lower priority.I'm pretty sure the actors have all signed multi-year contracts so I'm not sure why an actor couldn't sit out for one season (assuming Theon would show up in season 4 when his ADwD material would begin). If anyone knows a reason for why this couldn't happen I will happily admit that I'm wrong. But I imagine the main reason for including Theon was because he's D&D's favourite character, not because of contractual issues.
2753	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	My main problem with the Theon storyline is that other stories are being cut in favour of it.I think it works as Rapsie says, there are a lot of flashbacks, so if they only keep a few Theon scenes in it works super well. I do hope they don't waste a LOT of screen time on Theon though, as much as I love him, he'll be important to the later series. i want to see more bran, jon and sansa!
2754	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-18	As much as I love Theon's arc, they need to limit his appearances. We haven't spent nearly enough time with Jon and the wildlings, given that Jon's arc is one of the most important ones that occurs in the books. They haven't showed his loyalty to the NW being tested yet. Oh, and we're 3 episodes in? Why haven't we heard about Balon Greyjoy yet?
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 18 April 2013 - 02:17 PM.
2755	greensleeves	2013-04-18	But I imagine the main reason for including Theon was because he's D&D's favourite character, not because of contractual issues.To be fair, they are also using Theon to introduce Ramsay.  (who didn't get his intro from the books)
2756	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	I think it works as Rapsie says, there are a lot of flashbacks, so if they only keep a few Theon scenes in it works super well.I do hope they don't waste a LOT of screen time on Theon though, as much as I love him, he'll be important to the later series.i want to see more bran, jon and sansa!I agree that flashbacks are a problem and one way to deal with them is by showing the story in a linear chronology... But I think it would have been so much more powerful having Theon missing for a season and opening season 4 showing him a broken man (much like in ADwD). We'd see his fear of Ramsay but not understand why, until we see what Ramsay does to him and suddenly we start to realise what must have been happening for an entire season (and during this time a lot of the hate for Theon would have cooled down anyway).I don't know. I just think Theon's story was incredibly powerful in ADwD, and I think stretching it for so long is really going to prove detrimental.
2757	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	I do agree that he's been given too much screen time, unnecessarily though. 
Like Tyrion.
2758	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-18	To be fair, they are also using Theon to introduce Ramsay.  (who didn't get his intro from the books) A review I read recently on this site (by 'NotYourSir', I think) made an excellent argument: why was Ramsay excluded if the show had the time and budget to include Dagmer Cleftjaw?For that reason I'm left believing that they deliberately delayed Ramsay's appearance so that they had a reason to include Theon this season.
2759	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-18	I do agree that he's been given too much screen time, unnecessarily though.Like Tyrion.Ugh, his scene with Shae in ep2 was so pointless. But I'm guessing it has to do with Dinklage's contract, that he features in every episode.
2760	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	I agree that flashbacks are a problem and one way to deal with them is by showing the story in a linear chronology... But I think it would have been so much more powerful having Theon missing for a season and opening season 4 showing him a broken man (much like in ADwD). We'd see his fear of Ramsay but not understand why, until we see what Ramsay does to him and suddenly we start to realise what must have been happening for an entire season (and during this time a lot of the hate for Theon would have cooled down anyway).I don't know. I just think Theon's story was incredibly powerful in ADwD, and I think stretching it for so long is really going to prove detrimental.I certainly see where you're coming from. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> And I agree that there are certain characters that are severely lacking in screen time at the moment. I think a few scattered Theon scenes this series would have been good, I hope they don't give him 5 minutes or so every episode though. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />The same with Tyrion, he's given TOO. MUCH.. SCREEN TIME when characters like Jon, Arya, Sansa and Bran's story lines are definitely not being explored enough. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2761	protar	2013-04-18	I'm pretty sure the actors have all signed multi-year contracts so I'm not sure why an actor couldn't sit out for one season (assuming Theon would show up in season 4 when his ADwD material would begin). If anyone knows a reason for why this couldn't happen I will happily admit that I'm wrong. But I imagine the main reason for including Theon was because he's D&D's favourite character, not because of contractual issues.Well aside from potential contracting issues it's not always the best move to keep major characters off screen for too long. It can be done but of course. They also want to introduce Ramsay to tie in with Locke and Roose to show the Bolton's rising to prominence. And of course most of Theon's imprisonment is relayed via flashbacks and internal monologue which would be hard to show on screen. After S3 I wouldn't mind keeping Theon out until the last episode of S4 but I think that Roose and Ramsay need to be kept on-screen.
2762	YTDN	2013-04-18	I read somewhere that Theon's only appearing in 6 episodes this season, so I imagine he'd have far less appearances in the second half of the season, while other characters will fill up the space.
2763	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	6 episodes is still quite a lot though, hmm. The screen time I'm most pissed off about is Tyrions.
2764	protar	2013-04-18	6 episodes is still quite a lot though, hmm. The screen time I'm most pissed off about is Tyrions.The only Tyrion scene that was really unnecessary imo was the Tyrion/Shae scene in episode 2. You can argue for the Pod scene as well. I certainly wouldn't have missed it but I don't feel it was entirely useless (it did give Pod some screen time.). It just should have been shorter. Tyrion is one of the main characters of the series and while he's never quite as prominent again as he is in COK he is still amongst the top 3 most important characters imo.
2765	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-18	6 episodes is still quite a lot though, hmm. The screen time I'm most pissed off about is Tyrions.I agree.
	Spoiler Besides, Tyrion has been too whitewashed for my liking. I wonder if they are actually going to make him kill Shae, or scape with her to Essos riding in the sunset scaping from the horrors of KL and his father so they can live happy and in love while looking for Dany /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />I think 6 chapters is still too much for Theon... I just hope they don't write him some other plot. We all know what happens when they do that *coff*where are ma dragons?*coff"

					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 19 April 2013 - 03:16 AM.
2766	ShigellaSand	2013-04-18	*cough*
Isn't this thread supposed to be spoiler free?
*cough*
2767	go joff go	2013-04-18	Patrick I doubt Alfie or any other actors contract is structured the way you imply.  His multi-year contract is likely contingent on him actually having a part during those years, so the show can't tell him to buzz off for a year.
2768	Dove	2013-04-18	*cough*Isn't this thread supposed to be spoiler free?*cough*Yeah, why are y'all explicitly talking about shit that's yet to happen in a thread marked [NO SPOILERS]? C'mon, now. There's not many non-book readers here but there's still a few, no need to be like that.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 18 April 2013 - 10:13 PM.
2769	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-18	I completely agree. One of the best episodes to date.
2770	Sun	2013-04-18	Theon's horse chase scene was wonderful. I agree it was the best action scene in the season to date. The musical chairs scene was glorious. Beautifully conceived and shot. 
I didn't like the angles used for Jaime's hand chopping scene. The prosthetic used for Jaime's arm was just too obviously fake being filmed head on.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 18 April 2013 - 11:11 PM.
2771	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-19	*cough*Isn't this thread supposed to be spoiler free?*cough*Shit! sorry, my bad. Fixed!!! or should I delete it?
2772	oierem	2013-04-19	It's ironic that a lot of people seemed to think that D&D were too arrogant because they wanted to direct one episode, and that they'd ruind the series (and that they'd direct the RW, considering that they are so arrogant...)
2773	fassreiter	2013-04-19	The Theon horse chase looks to have been inspired by Peter Jackson's 'The Fellowship of the Ring' - down to the white horse and Theon being chased by men in black.  I found the chase incredibly powerful and would give this single scene the accolade of the series' best action scene to date.  It was truly movie quality.I was actually very confused by that scene - it was done very well, but was this meant to be a bit of a parody? They had Theon do exactly everything Arwen does in that scene, down to every small movement of her head. I felt like laughing all the time, and didn't know if I was actually expected to, or if it was meant to be a moment of suspense. When the 'black rider' jumped down to the ground I expected to hear the ground shake a bit and hear him make those sniffing sounds. I was actually surprised they had not put iron spikes on his boots, or had some worms and spiders crawl away from him. And when they re-created Boromir's death I was sure this whole scene was meant as a friendly joke. Did no one else feel this way? I love Peter Jackson's adaptation and I am always fond of scenes that pay homage to him, even if it is in form of a parody, but I didn't think it suited the scene. I was hoping for more suspense and actual dread. Theon as an elven maid put me off a bit. It didn't help that the elven maid being a frightened male brought back the knowledge that Jackson had actually replaced the slightly overdrawn character of golden haired Glorfindel, who is a bit of a parody in his own right. Then followed the attempted-rape scene, and my confusion was complete. What were they going to achieve with the LOTR-stuff here? I didn't get it. Was this supposed to be the 'gritty-realism'-version of what would have happened in the 'real world' to Arwen/Glorfindel?Edit.: By the way, the musical chairs scene was great!
					
					
							Edited by fassreiter, 19 April 2013 - 05:20 PM.
2774	Mr Hodor	2013-04-19	I agree the direction was better than last episode, and this episode is been the better so far.However, I didn't like the Pod and whores scene, and the song at the end (I don't think it's a bad song. I just think it doesn't fit with the moment or with the Middle Age).And am I the only one who didn't like the music chairs scene?i didntlike the chair scene to. Was unnecessary.
2775	liefde	2013-04-19	Patrick I doubt Alfie or any other actors contract is structured the way you imply.  His multi-year contract is likely contingent on him actually having a part during those years, so the show can't tell him to buzz off for a year.This is basically what I came here to say. Contracts are as much for the benefit of the actors as they are for the producers. If you sign a 6 year contract, you're guaranteed work for 6 years. D & D could have offered Alfie a 2 year contract instead, but then he'd need to find other work that would have required him to sign long contracts, and he might not have been able to return when D & D needed him again. I don't mind though, I think Theon's plot has been one of the most interesting this season (along with Jaime and Brienne's). I find myself zoning out a bit whenever it goes back to Jon or Arya.
2776	Ran	2013-04-20	Pretty sure you can structure contracts in different ways, including contracts with long breaks in appearance (where they're still paid) and so on.That said... I thought Alfie was fantastic, but one of the neat things GRRM does with the story is that you don't actually necessarily need to have him on the show anymore.
	Spoiler Theon-as-Reek is a ruin, so changed by his experience that he's hardly recognizable. You could just as well cast someone else to continue to the part, if Allen was no longer available. In fact, you could even see the argument to do it anyways, simply because another actor would hit home the changes to the character.
2777	Keeper-of-the-Old-Ways	2013-04-20	I actually quite like Benioff as a director. In fact, he showed a lot more creativity and nuance in his storytelling than most of the other directors have in the show. For starters, I admired his understanding of using the single take: fluidly moving through multiple compositions, conveying lots of information in a subtle, and more dynamic, manner. This was done beautifully during the opening scene. And the crane-up on the Fist was excellent, really stunning and eerie. His aesthetic choices at Craster's keep really captured a sense of despair. Lots of grey, overcast tones. I also liked his reveal that Gilly had birthed a boy. I felt that he cut too frequently during Cat's monologue though. I felt he should have lingered on her face for the duration of it, and shown the Blackfish's reaction afterwards in a more "weight" close-up.
2778	Clariana	2013-04-20	I was actually very confused by that scene - it was done very well, but was this meant to be a bit of a parody? They had Theon do exactly everything Arwen does in that scene, down to every small movement of her head. I felt like laughing all the time, and didn't know if I was actually expected to, or if it was meant to be a moment of suspense. When the 'black rider' jumped down to the ground I expected to hear the ground shake a bit and hear him make those sniffing sounds. I was actually surprised they had not put iron spikes on his boots, or had some worms and spiders crawl away from him. And when they re-created Boromir's death I was sure this whole scene was meant as a friendly joke. Did no one else feel this way? I love Peter Jackson's adaptation and I am always fond of scenes that pay homage to him, even if it is in form of a parody, but I didn't think it suited the scene. I was hoping for more suspense and actual dread. Theon as an elven maid put me off a bit. It didn't help that the elven maid being a frightened male brought back the knowledge that Jackson had actually replaced the slightly overdrawn character of golden haired Glorfindel, who is a bit of a parody in his own right. Then followed the attempted-rape scene, and my confusion was complete. What were they going to achieve with the LOTR-stuff here? I didn't get it. Was this supposed to be the 'gritty-realism'-version of what would have happened in the 'real world' to Arwen/Glorfindel?Edit.: By the way, the musical chairs scene was great!Perhaps it was a parody.  Which would gel nicely with the fact that narratively the escape may be a parody as well.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 20 April 2013 - 05:45 AM.
2779	tito5601	2013-04-20	i hope they get to direct more episodes, i really enjoyed walk of punishment
2780	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-20	Pretty sure you can structure contracts in different ways, including contracts with long breaks in appearance (where they're still paid) and so on.That said... I thought Alfie was fantastic, but one of the neat things GRRM does with the story is that you don't actually necessarily need to have him on the show anymore.
	Spoiler Theon-as-Reek is a ruin, so changed by his experience that he's hardly recognizable. You could just as well cast someone else to continue to the part, if Allen was no longer available. In fact, you could even see the argument to do it anyways, simply because another actor would hit home the changes to the character.
I disagree. 
	Spoiler I can guarantee that if they follow the books, and Theon is kept offscreen during his Reek-ification, when season 5 rolls around, and people see a new actor scrambling around in a cell eating rats, many viewers' reaction to his reveal as Theon won't be "Whoa", but "Huh?" The audience already has emotional investment not only in Theon, but Alfie Allen as well, and to replace him with a new actor would undo all of that. Viewers would be less likely to sympathise or emotionally connect with Theon if we don't see Allen playing a broken man, and instead see some new actor that hasn't established any sort of fan investment with the character.Besides, making Theon unrecognizable is a good challenge for the make-up and special effects team. It shouldn't be a liability for the showrunners or casting directors to address. They don't need to make him look as bad as he does in the books(they can do away with the white hair, TBH).And I'm doubtful that they will keep him offscreen in season 4 anyways. It's far more effective, and in the show's nature, to show rather than tell. We're provided the grisly details of Theon's torture through inner monologue, something which is absent in the show. And showcasing the worst aspects of his torture advances Ramsay's characterisation as well.
2781	Spring Snow	2013-04-20	i hope they get to direct more episodes, i really enjoyed walk of punishmentSame here. If it's not a spoiler, does anyone have that list of which directors and writers are attached to which episodes this season? Will they be directing any more?RE: Theon.
	Spoiler I wonder how gruesome they'll go with his appearance. They rightfully did away with things like Tyrion's nose for the sake of not limiting the actor's ability to emote, but unlike the nose Theon's injuries like his teeth, the fingers, and the starvation are a very important of the character. I don't know much about prosthetics and special effects, do you guys see it being difficult and/or impossible to re-create "Reek" as he was in the boots and not interfere with Alfie Allen's acting?

					
					
							Edited by Pure As Snow, 20 April 2013 - 07:56 PM.
2782	TyrionsFlagon	2013-04-19	Couple questions about what happened in this episode pertaining to Theon. I know what happens in the book, but I'm never sure where Weiss and Benioff are taking things.
Is the guy that helped Theon escape the same guy (Ramsay) that showed up at the end and shot the 3 dudes with the arrows?
Who were the soldiers that chased Theon? Dreadfort men that Ramsay killed? I thought that they'd be in on it. Or was the guy that helped Theon escape actually one of Ramsay's men?
Any sort of clarification on this would be wonderful. Thanks!
2783	Darkstar For King	2013-04-19	Yes, it is the same guy. There is speculation that Theon was held captive in Hornwood lands, since Ramsay would have forcibly married Lady Hornwood and thus receiving her lands by this time. And in the show he says 'Ride East, your sister's waiting" but Yara / Asha would be at Deepwood Motte (on the west coast) and if 'Boy' is Ramsay there is no way he would send him to her. So again if there are in Hornwood lands, the Dreadfort lies east. Also, Nah you got it all wrong man. Everything, Ramsay had planned. Like a game. His men knew he would set Theon free, he told them to pretend he was just a dungeon sweeper. What they didn't know was that Ramsay would kill them to gain Theon's trust even more.
2784	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-19	Even if they were still at Winterfell the east/west thing still holds.
2785	-Ghost-	2013-04-19	Yes, it is the same guy. There is speculation that Theon was held captive in Hornwood lands, since Ramsay would have forcibly married Lady Hornwood and thus receiving her lands by this time. And in the show he says 'Ride East, your sister's waiting" but Yara / Asha would be at Deepwood Motte (on the west coast) and if 'Boy' is Ramsay there is no way he would send him to her. So again if there are in Hornwood lands, the Dreadfort lies east. Also,Hornwood is pretty South and barely East of the Dreadfort so I'm not sure how this would be true. Unless this speculation is suggesting that there is a random little tower at the end of Hornwood lands in the North.
2786	BorhPT	2013-04-20	I think the only intention of Ramsay sending him east was for Theon to get lost and don't get too far, because if he was near WF or the Wolfswood i think he would recognized it and even escape properly since he knew the terrain. He seems pretty lost on the episode and he has to stop, giving time for the torturers to cacth him. 
where Ramsay will be taking him now I have no idea
2787	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-20	Even if they were still at Winterfell the east/west thing still holds.Yes but surely Theon would know Winterfell like the back of his hand and would therefore know that Deepwood Motte was NOT east of Winterfell
2788	Winterz	2013-04-20	Couple questions about what happened in this episode pertaining to Theon. I know what happens in the book, but I'm never sure where Weiss and Benioff are taking things.Is the guy that helped Theon escape the same guy (Ramsay) that showed up at the end and shot the 3 dudes with the arrows?Who were the soldiers that chased Theon? Dreadfort men that Ramsay killed? I thought that they'd be in on it. Or was the guy that helped Theon escape actually one of Ramsay's men?Any sort of clarification on this would be wonderful. Thanks!Everyone already knows with a 99% certainty that he's Ramsay because the actor was cast to the role. From there, we can sprobably guess that this is nothing but one more of his sick games and besides, the show had to do in it in order to make the audience like the character and then be totally shocked (hence the "good-looking" actor and his "hero" actions) just like when he arrived to WF in the books.
2789	TheDarkOne	2013-04-20	The story line needs to be stretched for as long as possible. Having Ramsey play the good guy until perhaps season end lets them keep Theon around have something to do.
It's of note that "betrayal" is a central theme this year in almost all the story archs.
2790	LordStoneheart	2013-04-14	So I loved the scene where Mance, Jon, and co. find the severed horse bodies arranged in some sort of spirally design. I don't remember if that correlates to the book Others. I doubt it, but I did like the scene for one reason.
I've had the problem with the series since episode one that  they don't do enough to differentiate the Others/White Walkers and wights. I feel like Game of Thrones gets the zombie genre label because of it. I personally hate zombies, but even if you're a zombie fan I feel like it should be made clear that the White Walkers are more than zombies. 
I'm not sure if any zombies in other media ever arranged bodies in an artful way, but I'd doubt that too. 
Thoughts on the corpse art?
2791	greensleeves	2013-04-15	I thought the corpse art was beautiful and disturbing.  I really liked it.  I agree that it does show that the others have something more than 'pure evil' to them.  They've also got a sense of aesthetics!  (and some very dark humor).  ... but seriously props to the white walkers for their artistic talents!
2792	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	It was a great scene that's for sure. Ever since the very first scene of the series I think the point being driven home has been that these aren't zombies these are an entirely alien race... who can raise zombie armies
2793	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-15	I personally hate zombies, but even if you're a zombie fan I feel like it should be made clear that the White Walkers are more than zombies.As a crazy zombie fan I hate it when anybody calls the wights zombies. Zombies eat people. That's what's awesome about them. Wights don't eat people. It's pretty simple.
2794	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Not all zombies eat people, some just infect them /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2795	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I assumed it was the Others that did it, and not the wights. I liked it. It seemed very ritualistic, like it was part of a completely foreign and unknown culture...
2796	Hoo	2013-04-15	Cool scene.  We had nuggets of this in previous episodes.
2797	Nezzer	2013-04-15	I like that scene because it gives the Others a characterization instead of them being just evil monsters whose only purpose is kill everyone and everything. This scene shows that an Other can have his own personality.
2798	greensleeves	2013-04-15	Not all zombies eat people, some just infect them /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />True, and in the most traditional sense zombies are just enslaved, reanimated corpses.  In this case, wights are certainly zombies.I thought Craster's conversation with the Night's Watch also provided some interesting insights into the white walkers.  I can't remember if those were in the books.
2799	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	I loved it. In the first scene of the show they also decorated the bodies around the village.
2800	Tadco26	2013-04-15	I thought it was kind of silly to be honest.  These white walker overlords are stopping their attack to dismount and carefully place horse parts in a pattern for no apparent reason?  Not that it ruined the show or anything, but it didn't improve it for me either.
2801	Sharpes	2013-04-15	Reminds me of that parody of the first episode /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />http://youtu.be/ajMzpiyZ4GA?t=2m58
2802	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	I thought it was kind of silly to be honest.  These white walker overlords are stopping their attack to dismount and carefully place horse parts in a pattern for no apparent reason?  Not that it ruined the show or anything, but it didn't improve it for me either.If they white walkers were attacking they would have sent an enormous force against the wall. In the books they are only herding up all the wildlings so they smash themselves on the wall hence why they attack to the Fist so they can march unopposed all the way to Castle Black.
2803	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	TBH I think that the "no apparent reason" bit actually enhances the creepiness, in the sense that sometimes things are made scarier via difficulty to comprehend their motivations and actions.So next time you think to yourself "that's silly, why would they waste time creating that pattern," really think about the question you're asking.  I think it's a bit creepy that the WWs would do things we simply have no rational explanation for, because it reinforces (forgive the pun) the "otherness" about them - they're not us.It really does serve to distinguish wildlings from white walkers (btw, I just personally prefer "white walkers" to "others", just my own opinion), because at the same time that we see instances of the wildlings being not so different than those from south of the wall, we see contrasting examples of how the white walkers are completely and utterly different.
2804	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	This doesn't really bother me, I see it as a visual way to tell the audience that The Others are not your regular zombie, there is an intelligence at work, and they are to be differentiated from the wights.
2805	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	Another gruesome scene like Harrenhall wouldn't have the same effect.
When you see this you think how alien the white walkers are. Was this some sort of ritual to raise the dead back as Wights
2806	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-15	I liked it.  Cool and mysterious, plus it hearkens back to (and I suppose mirrors) the series premiere when Will from the Night's Watch found the wildling corpses arrayed in a strange pattern in the snow.
2807	Tadco26	2013-04-15	If they white walkers were attacking they would have sent an enormous force against the wall. In the books they are only herding up all the wildlings so they smash themselves on the wall hence why they attack to the Fist so they can march unopposed all the way to Castle Black.They were attacking the fist, and let Night's Watch members escape while they made horse art in the snow.  Which is why I said "These white walker overlords are stopping their attack to dismount and carefully place horse parts in a pattern for no apparent reason?"  I don't know that it really makes white walkers more distinct from wights for non-readers since we don't see them do it.  If the viewer thought  they were the same before this scene he probably still does.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 15 April 2013 - 08:08 AM.
2808	Olympia	2013-04-15	I thought the corpse art was beautiful and disturbing.  I really liked it.  I agree that it does show that the others have something more than 'pure evil' to them.  They've also got a sense of aesthetics!  (and some very dark humor).  ... but seriously props to the white walkers for their artistic talents!It makes me think that the White Walkers, when they were still human, were always interested in art and now they're finally able to pursue their dreamz and make a statement lol but it still is kind of scary. What if that symbol has a meaning?
2809	Igziabeher	2013-04-15	It has to have some ritualistic meaning for them.  I doubt they'd waste their time creating dead art.  Also liked Craster's talk of being right with the gods.  Clearly they are superhuman entities.
2810	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-15	As a crazy zombie fan I hate it when anybody calls the wights zombies. Zombies eat people. That's what's awesome about them. Wights don't eat people. It's pretty simple.Wights also seem to be carrying weapons. I have seen many types of Zombies but other  than in the Resident Evil series I have never seen one carry a weapon.
2811	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Complete speculation incoming:I seem to remember seeing/reading somewhere a discussion about the various religions once (and I vaguely remember GRRM being involved or possibly quoted) - and the discussion got around to R'hllor and his opposite force that was the real power behind the Others. It could be that the artwork is being used as some kind of a set up for this 'Other God' perhaps?
2812	Leo de Salto	2013-04-15	Personally, I think this is one of those things GRRM said to the writers in case he die /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />People think the Withe Walkers are just some kind of zombies, when GRRM said they are not. He said they are some kind of ice elves. Obviously a non human being(but that does not mean they are aliens), just like the children of the forest. Even it is said that the children of the forest and the Withe Walkers fougth each other in the past.And in DWD when Bran and co reach the last greenseer cave they seem to have some kind of magic to repel the wigths.Complete speculation incoming:I seem to remember seeing/reading somewhere a discussion about the various religions once (and I vaguely remember GRRM being involved or possibly quoted) - and the discussion got around to R'hllor and his opposite force that was the real power behind the Others. It could be that the artwork is being used as some kind of a set up for this 'Other God' perhaps?Since the opposite of R'hllor is The Great Other and that The Withe Walkers are their servants, or at least they worship him, is possible that it was som kind of ritual.The Red Priest throw people to the flames.
2813	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	I enjoyed it. I always love learning new stuff about the Others.
2814	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Another scene where I thought D and D were brilliant! 
But I couldn't quite make out what they were calling the White Walkers/Others - was it Cold ones?  Sounded like Cold cones to me (ice cream, anyone?)
2815	LordStoneheart	2013-04-15	Maybe the writers used that symbol they made to represent something. I'm not sure what, but D&D are supposed to have important plot point knowledge for later. One thing that came up when I searched spiral symbolism was the changing of the seasons. Could be coincidence, but that's pretty telling.
Also, I don't consider wights to be 'zombies' at all. They're not infected as we know it. They're more like puppets of the Others. If you've ever watched Stardust think of them more as the voodoo body towards the end.
2816	Sharpes	2013-04-15	Maybe they're markers so they know how to get home /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2817	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	They were attacking the fist, and let Night's Watch members escape while they made horse art in the snow.  Which is why I said "These white walker overlords are stopping their attack to dismount and carefully place horse parts in a pattern for no apparent reason?"  I don't know that it really makes white walkers more distinct from wights for non-readers since we don't see them do it.  If the viewer thought  they were the same before this scene he probably still does.It's not art. It's done for a reason. You can't possibly be stupid enough to think that something that happens off-screen has no impact because you didn't see it happen.
2818	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-15	flame much? Mance calls it art in the episode.You can't possibly be stupid enough...Tadco26 says they doesn't understand the Other's motivation.  Where does he say its unimportant.........? /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
					
					
							Edited by Our Blades Are Sharp, 15 April 2013 - 03:11 PM.
2819	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	It looks like a Zerg symbol.
D&D must be roach-spamming, A-moving Zerg players.
2820	Clariana	2013-04-15	They were arranged in the form of a spiral.
Their message to humanity: You are going down the plughole.
2821	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	Do D&D know something we dont about the Others?
Do they have a highly sophisticated and advanced society?
Is the invasion of Westeros some sorta fucked up artistic statement??
2822	Clariana	2013-04-16	Do D&D know something we dont about the Others?Do they have a highly sophisticated and advanced society?Is the invasion of Westeros some sorta fucked up artistic statement??As Leo mentions above GRR has described them as "ice fae", traditionally fae are not stupid or limited like some supernatural beings (trolls, ogres) but are highly intelligent and sophisticated, usually more so than humans.
2823	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-16	I like the "changing of the seasons" symbolism.
2824	Drogo_1	2013-04-16	Complete speculation incoming: R'hllor and his opposite force that was the real power behind the Others. It could be that the artwork is being used as some kind of a set up for this 'Other God' perhaps?I agree with you. This was clearly meant to be pleasing to the "Other" whose name may not be spoken. I say this because the only way you could even tell that it was meant to be a design is by looking from above. As most people associate gods as being up above or in the sky, so too do the others.
2825	sennahoj	2013-04-16	The spiral pattern is reminiscent of the swastika and similar ancient symbols found in cultures across the globe throughout history. Meanings differ, of course, and I'm intrigued as to what magic or religious meaning that pattern has for the White Walkers. And why the horse parts?
On an utterly silly side note, imagine a picture of the horse head pattern in a newspaper next to headlines such as 
"Horse meat scandal hits Westeros - Rayder: It's Spiralling out of control" /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by sennahoj, 16 April 2013 - 10:16 AM.
2826	Reposado	2013-04-16	Do D&D know something we dont about the Others?i think this is something that they would have additional information onDo they have a highly sophisticated and advanced society?this seems likely just from the books.Is the invasion of Westeros some sorta fucked up artistic statement??probably not
2827	Tadco26	2013-04-16	It's not art. It's done for a reason. You can't possibly be stupid enough to think that something that happens off-screen has no impact because you didn't see it happen.Well genius, what was the impact?  What was the reason?  It wasn't something that happened in the books, so it seems to me that the impact and reason is something the TV writers made up, if there is one at all beyond doing something "creepy".
2828	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-16	I liked that scene: showed that the only ones who know about the Others, even if is a little, are the wildings and people beyond the Wall. They're capable of creating symbols and the Southern people still believes they're a myth.
2829	Independent George	2013-04-16	I love that scene; it really hammers home the idea of the White Walkers as another intelligent species, and not just mindless monsters.
I also love the mental image I have now of the White Walkers reading the equivalent of Martha Stewart Living, with various articles on how to create tasteful arrangements of severed heads for special occasions. Or White Walker Pinterest.
2830	Clariana	2013-04-16	I liked that scene: showed that the only ones who know about the Others, even if is a little, are the wildings and people beyond the Wall. They're capable of creating symbols and the Southern people still believes they're a myth.This is a good point and I think the Others' "art work" should be compared to that in Astapor... The purpose is the same, intimidation.
2831	Weles	2013-04-16	Well genius, what was the impact?  What was the reason?  It wasn't something that happened in the books, so it seems to me that the impact and reason is something the TV writers made up, if there is one at all beyond doing something "creepy".Symbols and rituals generally don't make sense to outsiders, neither we nor the characters in the scene are Others. GRRM has probably informed D&D about the Others that we will learn in the remaining books.
2832	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	I LOVED that scene.  The line "Always the artists."  Intimidation.  Turning your enemies's horses into a symbol for anyone else to see.  Great.
As to "zombies holding weapons" - only movie I can think of is "Land of the Dead" with John Leguizamo, where zombies just carried whatever they died holding, so a zombie butcher carried around a butcher's knife.
2833	Darryk	2013-04-16	If they white walkers were attacking they would have sent an enormous force against the wall. In the books they are only herding up all the wildlings so they smash themselves on the wall hence why they attack to the Fist so they can march unopposed all the way to Castle Black.Is this confirmed somewhere in the books or just speculation? I got that the Others weren't intending to march on the Wall (yet) but I didn't realize they were attacking the Night's watch so as to give the wildlings a clear path to the Wall.
2834	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-16	Just speculation like 99% of stuff on the forum but to me it makes a lot of sense. Mance wonders why they got all the way from the Frostfangs to the wall without a single attack yet the Night's Watch were attacked and constantly harassed all the way to Castle Black. Anyway this isn't the forum to discuss these things.It wasn't something that happened in the books, so it seems to me that the impact and reason is something the TV writers made upRemember D & D know the ending and a lot of the lead up to it so what we may think they wrote themselves is actually something from TWOW or ADOS.
2835	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Is this confirmed somewhere in the books or just speculation? I got that the Others weren't intending to march on the Wall (yet) but I didn't realize they were attacking the Night's watch so as to give the wildlings a clear path to the Wall.That would be purely speculation. We don't even know the degree of their intelligence in the books to assume that they'd know Mance was going to attack the wall so they assist them somewhat to make a larger wight army from their corpses. Sure, it's plausible, but certainly not confirmed.
2836	greensleeves	2013-04-16	The fact that the white walkers can take the time to make their art just shows their total tactical superiority over any other force beyond the wall.  It definitely makes them more scary, and intriguing.Wights also seem to be carrying weapons. I have seen many types of Zombies but other  than in the Resident Evil series I have never seen one carry a weapon.Also, I don't consider wights to be 'zombies' at all. They're not infected as we know it. They're more like puppets of the Others. If you've ever watched Stardust think of them more as the voodoo body towards the end.Zombies didn't start out in Hollywood; the 'dead' were raised and enslaved by Voodoo practitioners in Hati.  These enslaved people would have supposedly used tools.  Anyways, popular culture has gotten hold of the term, but wights are probably more like that Hatian idea of zombies than most 'zombies' in media today.
2837	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-17	Just speculation like 99% of stuff on the forum but to me it makes a lot of sense. Mance wonders why they got all the way from the Frostfangs to the wall without a single attack yet the Night's Watch were attacked and constantly harassed all the way to Castle Black. Anyway this isn't the forum to discuss these things.Or the Others are just few (maybe only the Others who make a ruckus are few? I was toying with the ideas that they are sort of Other equivalent for Qyburn) and simply fixed on target at hand - they might have known that Wildlings may be actually harder to beat - or that they will help breach the wall, they probably won't imagine that Crows may defeat them and then let them in.
2838	boojam	2013-04-17	Thoughts on the corpse art?You know I qualify it by saying CGI 'art'.Tho the first season it seemed it was all done with make up.The first season creates a confusion that has been propagated the mix up between White Walkers* and Wights.I don't think in the books GRRM ever refers to White Walkers , it's always 'Others*' who apparently , maybe?, are minions of The Great Other. They are , it seems, entities unto themselves.Then Wights show up at Castle Black , like The Others (to use GRRM's term) they have blue eyes.Odd thing , it was Sam who noticed the corpses they recover have not decayed.Yet S2E10 we see Wights (is a Zombie horse a Wight?) many of whom are partly decayed, that is inconsistent, but effective visually.If burning them the only way to kill them? What if you cut off one's head?Even in the books George has not given us any details on just what the Others mission is, except to Sauron-like , Take Over.(*Another oddity, because of a confusion of a name with another TV show. Maybe HBO enforced and not D and D.Like the Asha - Yara thing, I guess there is a fraction of the TV audience who are that stupid, or are in bad need of an Audiologist!)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 April 2013 - 07:27 AM.
2839	boojam	2013-04-17	Zombies didn't start out in Hollywood; the 'dead' were raised and enslaved by Voodoo practitioners in Hati.  These enslaved people would have supposedly used tools.  Anyways, popular culture has gotten hold of the term, but wights are probably more like that Hatian idea of zombies than most 'zombies' in media today.Actually transfered from West African tenets of Vodou. The 1930's and 1940's stuck to Haitian zombies, probably the best Zombie films were made then.I don't think (not sure) in George A. Romero's seminal film Night of the Living Dead they are ever called zombies, just dead people contamination by some unknown agent , a virus?, which is never explained. Actually Hollywood Zombies lay dormant for a little while after Romero.. then!, in typical popular culture style there is a totally tiresome proliferation , so much so, one begins to believe there is a vast audience of zombies out there with the brain power of a flea.
2840	Tadco26	2013-04-17	Remember D & D know the ending and a lot of the lead up to it so what we may think they wrote themselves is actually something from TWOW or ADOS.Maybe, but they also know that Sam never got surrounded by white walkers alone and then survived, but it didn't stop them from writing the scene.  Even if the symbols some how do come up in future books it doesn't change the fact that they didn't come up in any of the books to date.  So we can't just assume that they are important to the book story line because the show added them.
2841	Clariana	2013-04-17	Just speculation like 99% of stuff on the forum but to me it makes a lot of sense. Mance wonders why they got all the way from the Frostfangs to the wall without a single attack yet the Night's Watch were attacked and constantly harassed all the way to Castle Black. Anyway this isn't the forum to discuss these things.Remember D & D know the ending and a lot of the lead up to it so what we may think they wrote themselves is actually something from TWOW or ADOS.Plus the Nightwatch had discovered that Dragon Glass trove... "Let's make sure that knowledge does not get beyond the wall."
2842	Rebekah	2013-04-17	I think it's pretty clear that the symbols have some meaning for the Others even if we don't see it right away. Any historian or archeologist will tell you that you can come across symbology and ritualistic behavior when studying past cultures and not understand it at first but that never, ever means it has no real meaning. What I wonder is if this is an extrapolation of the White Walker concept, in order to drive home the fact that they are actually intelligent or are D&D acting on some other information gleaned from Martin?
If these symbols are in some way representative of a relationship between the White Walkers and Melisandre's Great Other then they'd be very important to White Walker culture but not something that the NW, who has had no contact or even belief in the White Walkers up until very recently, would know about. But more information may be available in Sam's books, or via Bran's ability to view the past through the Weirwood Westerosi Historical Archive.
Either way it is definitely interesting and it serves in the show to serperate the White Walkers from the concept of mindless, evil dead things who want to kill everyone. We may not know much about the Others but it is obviously far more complicated than that.
2843	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-17	I just realised after Puddles the White Walker we won't see another one until the end of Season 6 at the earliest. Thats only if they are including the opening chapters of TWOW and they contain white walkers. Thats not going to go down to well with the non book readers.
2844	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	I just realised after Puddles the White Walker we won't see another one until the end of Season 6 at the earliest. Thats only if they are including the opening chapters of TWOW and they contain white walkers. Thats not going to go down to well with the non book readers.Will we not get Sam the Slayer? I assumed they would fit it in after he saves Gilly from one. It's also not like we see them in the books much and that worked ok.
2845	Walsingham	2013-04-18	I was glad to see this thread, because I had a real problem with the 'Always the artists' line from Mormont.
From the books I always got the impression that to most people, the Others have almost become mythical. Most people barely believe in them. This is reinforced several times in the show. People dismiss warnings about them. The Starks dismiss Old Nan's tales. 
The NW are not most people, but while they may realise that there is something cold and horrible North of the wall, they don't know much about it. Tarly has to go off and hunt through dusty books for knowledge about them that has been lost, and he doesn't find much. You would expect some sort of folk memory of the terrifying enemy to the North that their entire order was founded to keep out?
Specifically, the NW don't seem to have any folk memory that the Others are vulnerable to dragonglass, even though previous generations of the night watch knew it so well that they buried caches of dragonglass weapons at strategic locations. Now, how such a staggeringly important piece of information could be forgotten is odd - but thats actually a pretty common theme in all of the books - nobody remembers anything about dragons either for example.
But the problem is the rather resigned way that Mormont says 'Always the artists'. He's seen this before? So many times that it has become tiresome? It seemed during the wight attack at Castle Black that that was the first time Mormont have ever seen  a wight, and until this ranging, its not clear that he's ever seen an actual White walker before, much less the mutilated corpse art they sometimes leave in the snow.
Anybody else? Is it just me? Have I missed something?
2846	Nezzer	2013-04-18	I was glad to see this thread, because I had a real problem with the 'Always the artists' line from Mormont.From the books I always got the impression that to most people, the Others have almost become mythical. Most people barely believe in them. This is reinforced several times in the show. People dismiss warnings about them. The Starks dismiss Old Nan's tales.The NW are not most people, but while they may realise that there is something cold and horrible North of the wall, they don't know much about it. Tarly has to go off and hunt through dusty books for knowledge about them that has been lost, and he doesn't find much. You would expect some sort of folk memory of the terrifying enemy to the North that their entire order was founded to keep out?Specifically, the NW don't seem to have any folk memory that the Others are vulnerable to dragonglass, even though previous generations of the night watch knew it so well that they buried caches of dragonglass weapons at strategic locations. Now, how such a staggeringly important piece of information could be forgotten is odd - but thats actually a pretty common theme in all of the books - nobody remembers anything about dragons either for example.But the problem is the rather resigned way that Mormont says 'Always the artists'. He's seen this before? So many times that it has become tiresome? It seemed during the wight attack at Castle Black that that was the first time Mormont have ever seen  a wight, and until this ranging, its not clear that he's ever seen an actual White walker before, much less the mutilated corpse art they sometimes leave in the snow.Anybody else? Is it just me? Have I missed something?Mormont? It was Mance who said that line, and yes, he must have seen that many times before.
2847	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	Maybe, but they also know that Sam never got surrounded by white walkers alone and then survived, but it didn't stop them from writing the scene.  Even if the symbols some how do come up in future books it doesn't change the fact that they didn't come up in any of the books to date.  So we can't just assume that they are important to the book story line because the show added them.Yes, but there is precedence for that situation and in the books, with how they let Gared (book) and Will (show) escape. Maybe they want to strike fear into there human enemies  maybe they feel it's dishonorable to not give humanity a fighting chance. The symbols may never turn up in the books, but they do indicate to a greater degree that the WW/Others are more than mindless killing machines, which hasnt really been brought up in the books yet.
2848	Tadco26	2013-04-18	There is nothing to suggest that they "let" Gared go, he was with the horses and fled, presumably on horse back.  The show had the White Walker "let" Will go which was almost as silly, though you could at least imagine that maybe some how he fled to the horses or something.  A stretch, but not quite as far as the one Sam's situation asks us to make.
Some people have speculated that they were let go as a warning, but in Sam's case that makes zero sense considering Sam saw them after the 3 horns, which means they had already been spotted at the Fist of First Men, and the wight tries to kill Sam in the very next episode when he is argueably even less threatening.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 18 April 2013 - 02:26 PM.
2849	TheDarkOne	2013-04-18	It's actually easy to understand.
By giving a certain amount of artistic flair to their "work," the viewer knows easily when someone has been killed by the Others, versus a normal conflict leading to loss of life.
I wouldn't be surprised if they sprinkle their "work" through different scenes as a way to keep them in people's mind. It's probably also fun for the writers to think of new "art."
I doubt highly there is anything as complicated here as some are thinking.
2850	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-18	The Fist of the First Men is an ancient ringfort built by the First Men in the Dawn Age. from the wikiso this place is ancient beyond time so it makes sense that the White Walkers choose to march on this place & attatck. Did they know it would be so easy & the "fort" would be in disrepair? no. do they care? no. but let us remember that these mythical creatures do not have anyway of communicating with "men" from this "age." maybe the WW view it as "well shit we told you that winter is coming & yall didnt get the message!" looks like were gonna have to kill you now because this land is now ours & has always been. o yea and we really dont like that wall you built since the last time we vistied so that shit needs to come down
2851	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-18	I was glad to see this thread, because I had a real problem with the 'Always the artists' line from Mormont.From the books I always got the impression that to most people, the Others have almost become mythical. Most people barely believe in them. This is reinforced several times in the show. People dismiss warnings about them. The Starks dismiss Old Nan's tales. The NW are not most people, but while they may realise that there is something cold and horrible North of the wall, they don't know much about it. Tarly has to go off and hunt through dusty books for knowledge about them that has been lost, and he doesn't find much. You would expect some sort of folk memory of the terrifying enemy to the North that their entire order was founded to keep out?Specifically, the NW don't seem to have any folk memory that the Others are vulnerable to dragonglass, even though previous generations of the night watch knew it so well that they buried caches of dragonglass weapons at strategic locations. Now, how such a staggeringly important piece of information could be forgotten is odd - but thats actually a pretty common theme in all of the books - nobody remembers anything about dragons either for example.But the problem is the rather resigned way that Mormont says 'Always the artists'. He's seen this before? So many times that it has become tiresome? It seemed during the wight attack at Castle Black that that was the first time Mormont have ever seen  a wight, and until this ranging, its not clear that he's ever seen an actual White walker before, much less the mutilated corpse art they sometimes leave in the snow.Anybody else? Is it just me? Have I missed something?Well that's clearly not Mormont hanging out with Tormund Giantsbane, Ygritte, Orell, and a turncloak crow. I mean in that exact scene he refers to Mormont as having made a big mistake and possibly now being a wight.Mance knows the Others well. Hence the whole, lets make an army and get the fuck out of dodge.
2852	Woman of War	2013-04-19	It's a spiral nebula and a hint to the galaxy the Others are coming from. If there were a competent astronomer among the free folk he'd trace them back to a small blue planet in a random solar system at the outer fringes of said galaxy......
2853	Woel	2013-04-19	I also love the mental image I have now of the White Walkers reading the equivalent of Martha Stewart Living, with various articles on how to create tasteful arrangements of severed heads for special occasions. Or White Walker Pinterest.O, how I would like this if I could. Thank you for that mental image.
2854	I do not sew	2013-04-19	It's a spiral nebula and a hint to the galaxy the Others are coming from. If there were a competent astronomer among the free folk he'd trace them back to a small blue planet in a random solar system at the outer fringes of said galaxy......I've often wondered how the fandom would react if the Others turned out to be straight up extraterrestrials. It'd be awful nonsense, for sure, and the most abrupt departure from tightly plotted storytelling ever, but holy fucking world expansion!
2855	Woel	2013-04-20	I've often wondered how the fandom would react if the Others turned out to be straight up extraterrestrials. It'd be awful nonsense, for sure, and the most abrupt departure from tightly plotted storytelling ever, but holy fucking world expansion!I have read quite a few times on these boards that GRRM has stated that the abnormal seasons will have a 'magical' explanation, as opposed to a 'scientific' one. I think it lies quite close at hand to draw the conclusion that the Others will tie into that explanation, and thus also be of a magical nature (i.e. the Sidhe, which GRRM has himself compared the Others to)
2856	A Winters Summer	2013-04-14	So, I was concerned that Sam the Slayer would not happen. But after the birth scene I can see where this is going (Sam follows Craster and encounters The Other takng the child). I think that this will tie in nicely wth Gilly and Sam and make more sense for the show (the girl was Gilly right?).
Thoughts? Does anyone else think that Coldhands will make an appearance in the next few episodes?
2857	lightbringer333	2013-04-15	i want to see coldhand riding great elk. hope they show good CGI .
2858	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-15	(Sam follows Craster and encounters The Other takng the child). I think that this will tie in nicely wth Gilly and Sam and make more sense for the show (the girl was Gilly right?).Thoughts? Does anyone else think that Coldhands will make an appearance in the next few episodes?I don't think thats what will happen. Sam won't have to save the child from Craster. The mutiny will do that for him. He and Gilly (yes, it was her) will then flee together with the baby and later he will encounter the White Walker and become Sam the Slayer.
2859	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Or Puddles the Other walks in on the mutiny scene. i think it is crucial that Sam will have witness from Watch though - in book it was Grenn - otherwise novody would believe.
2860	Kienn	2013-04-15	I'm getting the feeling Ghost will save Sam from the Other and be under attack himself when Sam finally gets the courage to fight to save his dead friend's direwolf.
This will be on the march home when Sam's fallen behind, not with the baby.
2861	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	So well played...thought the addition of Craster's derision of Samwell was an inspiration, and thought Sam's expression - in fact his whole playing of that scene - was just great.
2862	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	Since they havent established Mance is an expectant father, doesnt this cause problems down the road?
2863	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	Eh, tbh, the Slayer scene is the kind of think you can feasibly stick in at a lot of points in the story.  It's not really all that important where and when it happens, just that it happens sometime in this general vicinity.
2864	episodenone	2013-04-15	Since they havent established Mance is an expectant father, doesnt this cause problems down the road?No.  Why would it?  Was there some scene where it was totally appropriate for Mance to give Jon a slap on the back and say something about being a proud wildling pappy once and for all?
2865	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Actually it was kinda important that Sam became the Slayer before mutiny - so that Mormont was seen and heard to take him seriously and so that on the verge of death Mormont stressed to Sam the need to inform about it.
2866	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	Actually it was kinda important that Sam became the Slayer before mutiny - so that Mormont was seen and heard to take him seriously and so that on the verge of death Mormont stressed to Sam the need to inform about it.Eh, I'm not sure the way things are going in the show it's strictly necessary Sam become the Slayer before the mutiny, I think it's more or less set up to go in the same direction plot-wise either way.  And I do think in the show the Mormont-Sam relationship is sufficiently developed anyway.
2867	Mr Hodor	2013-04-15	I think sam will become slayer next episode when others come to claim the child, and craster will ask them all to leave.....
2868	Mr Hodor	2013-04-15	Since they havent established Mance is an expectant father, doesnt this cause problems down the road?maybe when jon goes to murder mance....
2869	Crown	2013-04-15	I actually expected Sam to become Slayer before he met Coldhands, but I like the idea of him saving Gilly's baby.
2870	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	Actually it was kinda important that Sam became the Slayer before mutiny - so that Mormont was seen and heard to take him seriously and so that on the verge of death Mormont stressed to Sam the need to inform about it.Agreed. In the book Sam at least manages to send away the ravens before the Fist is overrun, plus he slays an Other. For a fat fool, that's pretty impressive. Show Sam on the other hand is nothing but a burden to Mormont.
2871	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-15	I'm guessing they are delaying Sam the Slayer in order to make it more of a Neville Longbottom moment. Sam's been shown to be bumbling and inept up until now, and they are really piling on with Rast insulting him and Mormont not having much confidence. I agree that the Slayer has to happen in front of the NW, otherwise what's the point? I couldn't for the life of me remember how Sam gets Gilly and the baby out of Craster's, I had to go look it up. So, if he gets them out during the mutiny, then we are running out of time for the Slayer to happen with the NW as witnesses.
2872	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Agreed. In the book Sam at least manages to send away the ravens before the Fist is overrun, plus he slays an Other. For a fat fool, that's pretty impressive. Show Sam on the other hand is nothing but a burden to Mormont.The book effectively conveys that while he is fearful and "soft", he has sense of duty to override his fears. He is still fat, bumbling fool - but he does his best. In the show he is just a fat stupid coward who will suddenly shine, in the book he gets there gradually.
2873	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I actually expected Sam to become Slayer before he met Coldhands, but I like the idea of him saving Gilly's baby.Ditto.  And IIRC in the book, Sam slayed the White Walker before they got back to Crasters.  I've got to go back to the book, though, and see just how he did get out with Gilly and the baby.  Somehow it seems like there was just so much chaos with Mormont getting killed that he just kind of found her sort of on the fringes of the chaos, as he was, too.
2874	mteague26	2013-04-15	I can't count how many times Sam pisses himself in the books  Even after he slays the other, he is still just as cowardly.  I just don't understand the love that this fat bastard gets in the books and in the show.  I guess it's because he's so pathetic and innocent?  The only thing cool about his story arch is coldhands, and they sure as shit better not cut sir badass elk rider out of this series.
2875	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I can't count how many times Sam pisses himself in the books  Even after he slays the other, he is still just as cowardly.  I just don't understand the love that this fat bastard gets in the books and in the show.  I guess it's because he's so pathetic and innocent?  The only thing cool about his story arch is coldhands, and they sure as shit better not cut sir badass elk rider out of this series.Sam is highly overrated IMO and has been quite the burden on everyone who helps him.  His cowardice basically killed Aemon.  Killing the ww was pretty much luck.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 15 April 2013 - 03:38 PM.
2876	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	hmmm
1. explained to Jon the importance of being Mormont's squire
2. Handled the ravens on the NW expedition to the fist
3. Killed a WW
4. Saved Gilly from Caster
5. Made it back to the wall (albeit with help)
6. Kept Bran's secret
7. Researched the history of the NW including finding info on how to fight WW
8. Was able to find a way out of Bravos when stranded there, including beating up that NW IIRC
9. Masterminded Jon's election has LC
10. Soon to be Maester of the Citadel
Yep completely worthless
2877	Kienn	2013-04-16	Don't forget he's gonna be a wizard throwing fireballs.
2878	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Wouldn't Sam saving Gilly's baby be too heroic, and thus "ruin" him?  Character assassination at its finest!
2879	Definitely Mayhaps	2013-04-17	Wouldn't Sam saving Gilly's baby be too heroic, and thus "ruin" him?  Character assassination at its finest!I don't see this as a character assassination at all. He saves the baby (and Gilly) in the books, protects them from the wights in the village before Coldhands turns up. Having him save the baby from the mutiny and then subsequently protect him by killing an Other on the show would only show his proper character development from a slightly different angle.
2880	Harrad	2013-04-17	Sam is the Everyman for this story. Make that the Nerd Everyman. He's just not as heroic as many of the warrior posters.
2881	Sam with Hooters	2013-04-17	Sam is the Everyman for this story. Make that the Nerd Everyman. He's just not as heroic as many of the warrior posters.He's also relatable to the average READER who, let's face it, wouldn't survive or fit in well in Westeros without some VERY specialized training.
2882	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-17	Saving Sam's sudden heriocs this late is better for the drama of TV/film.  It's the old "Back to the Future - George McFly Principle" - Nerd/Loser with women gets pushed and pushed and pushed, and finally in front of the girl he loves has a sudden redeeming moment of heroism.  In this case, it will be him saving Gilly & baby from a WW, with Grenn watching.
2883	hollowcrown	2013-04-17	Assuming the Mutiny is next episode....I'm hoping it goes like this:
1. Sam saves baby, kills White Walker.
2. Grenn witnesses this
3. Mormont and Sam have their important chat
4. Craster gets pissed off, tension with the Night's Watch.
5. Mutiny occurs.
6. Mormont sends Sam off with Gilly and baby.
7. Meet Coldhands...end episode.
2884	A Winters Summer	2013-04-17	Does anyone think Colhands will show up  though? The  more  I think about it, the more I doubt it. I'm starting to think they will leave him out untill the next season like they left out the Reeds.
2885	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	Yeah I am thinking the same. There are a lot of new characters for viewers to process already and there are many who aren't sure where Roose Bolton fits into things yet. Next season they have to bring the Martells in but I think it can work if they hold Coldhands off until then.
2886	spork	2013-04-18	Does anyone think Colhands will show up  though? The  more  I think about it, the more I doubt it. I'm starting to think they will leave him out untill the next season like they left out the Reeds.According to Ran's episode guide for E8, it seems pretty likely."King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman."Not sure where the info comes from, but if it's on Westeros.org it's probably legit.
2887	A Winters Summer	2013-04-20	Oh nice. That for sure intoduces Coldhands for season 4 then (not sure who else "older gentlemen" could be). Thanks for the link and additions
					
					
							Edited by A Winters Summer, 20 April 2013 - 01:45 AM.
2888	#Fire and Blood	2013-04-15	I am referring to when the NW gets to his place again.  He refers to not being afraid of what is out there.  Obviously he is referring to giving his sons to the Old Gods.  I know this has been discussed many times before, but did anybody get any new insight on what exactly he is doing and what he means?
2889	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-15	In the show Jon sees that he sacrifices them to the White Walkers (The Others).
2890	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I believe there's evidence, 'way back in the history of Westeros, that the White Walkers were once Children of the Forest, too, and that there was some sort of split off for some sort of reason.  Also lots of thinking/posting on these threads that the White Walkers are not necessarily all 'bad' and that we don't have all the pertinent information on them.
2891	Kienn	2013-04-15	I thought he said "real gods"... not old gods.
I figure he does mean the White Walkers, but I don't think they are the "Old Gods"
2892	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I thought he said "real gods"... not old gods.I figure he does mean the White Walkers, but I don't think they are the "Old Gods"This is what I assumed as well, seeing as he dumps his boys in the cold for them.
2893	Valonqar_	2013-04-15	I thought he said the Cold Gods
2894	Reposado	2013-04-15	I believe there's evidence, 'way back in the history of Westeros, that the White Walkers were once Children of the Forest, too, and that there was some sort of split off for some sort of reason.  Also lots of thinking/posting on these threads that the White Walkers are not necessarily all 'bad' and that we don't have all the pertinent information on them.well there's not really evidence of that. just a theory
2895	iheartseverus	2013-04-15	I thought he said "real gods"... not old gods.I figure he does mean the White Walkers, but I don't think they are the "Old Gods"You're correct.  I just re-watched, and he said 'the REAL gods' not the Old Gods.  the Old Gods are those associated with the weirwood trees, whereas Craster seems to be implying that the White Walkers are the REAL gods.
2896	shiola	2013-04-15	Did he say "old gods"?  I missed that, if so.  I don't think the writers would put that in though.  The Old Gods are cool.  They wouldn't kill baby boys.
But what Craster meant was since he sacrifices to the Others/White Walkers, he has nothing to fear from them.  That's why he never joined up with Mance in Season 2.
2897	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-15	I am referring to when the NW gets to his place again.  He refers to not being afraid of what is out there.  Obviously he is referring to giving his sons to the Old Gods.  I know this has been discussed many times before, but did anybody get any new insight on what exactly he is doing and what he means?Craster is serving his sons up to the White Walkers, at least that is what looks like takes the baby. Those are his gods. Thus, he has no need to fear "what is out there" as long as he keeps giving them sacrifices.
2898	Sun	2013-04-16	He said "Real Gods".
2899	Capt Banjo	2013-04-16	Interesting...is Craster actually a genius by trading his sons' lives for his/daughters lives with the WW? If the NW never show up to his place, do the WW go on to destroy Westeros and leave Craster to his daughter-wives in total peace? He has a great plan, too bad he let the crows back in.
2900	Amoracchius	2013-04-16	I believe there's evidence, 'way back in the history of Westeros, that the White Walkers were once Children of the Forest, too, and that there was some sort of split off for some sort of reason.  Also lots of thinking/posting on these threads that the White Walkers are not necessarily all 'bad' and that we don't have all the pertinent information on them.That's really interesting. I've read a lot of the Heresy threads, so I know a bunch about the "White Walkers aren't all bad" theories, but I don't remember evidence of the CotF and the WW splitting off from one another. Do you have a link to somewhere I can read more about this? Thanks.
2901	The Mighty Conch	2013-04-16	I love how he has gone through all this trouble and sacrifice and it will be ruined at the end. Poetic Justice.
2902	Greywolf2375	2013-04-16	Interesting...is Craster actually a genius by trading his sons' lives for his/daughters lives with the WW? If the NW never show up to his place, do the WW go on to destroy Westeros and leave Craster to his daughter-wives in total peace? He has a great plan, too bad he let the crows back in.Episode 1 shows that the WW are on the move without the Nights Watch going over the Wall any more than they do normally so it would appear that whatever instigated them happened outside of what went on at Crasters.
2903	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Yeh, I was going to comment saying ''he said the real gods'' but many already have. What does this mean? Hmm.
2904	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-17	Didn't Gilly also call them "The Gods of the Forest" when they were first at Craster's Keep?  As in..."He gives his sons to the gods of the forest."
2905	sarah.jenice	2013-04-17	Great catch on him saying "real gods." When I watched the episode, I was thinking that Craster was wrong because Mormont is of the North and follows the Old Gods (I think). If he said "real gods" and meant the White Walkers that is probably the closest admission Craster gives to what he is doing. The wives are the ones that confirm it in the book when they tell Sam that the sons are coming.
2906	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-18	Yeh, I was going to comment saying ''he said the real gods'' but many already have. What does this mean? Hmm.In this episode he is talking about the cold winds and how he has nothing to fear, he's made a deal with the White Walkers to offer up his sons to them. The White Walkers are the "gods" that he serves.Last season Craster lives his baby in the woods, a figure with blue eyes takes it, Jon tells Mormont about it, he tells Jon "Craster serves crueler gods than us"
2907	Joyful Union	2013-04-18	I think its obvious that he is worshipping the White Walkers
2908	The Fourth Head	2013-04-18	I think when Craster refers to "real gods", he is referring to  "r'hllor vs the great other"
extreme situations call for extreme gods, and by sacrificing to the white walkers, he is sparing himself and the rest of his family from certain death. He could have gone with Mance to march south, but for him, it was too risky, and he was quite content doing what he is currently doing.
Mormont doesn't serve babies to the great other, he worships weirwoods, and "the old gods" who are nameless, but who quite possibly had identities originally which have been forgotten. the North has not faced certain annihilation for thousands of years, so their gods are gentler- they make up their own code of conduct because they don't remember who their gods are.
Most of Mormont's men serve the seven- from the south. The gentlest and least relevant of the gods, it would seem. Certainly to Craster.
The biggest area I am curious on, is when winter comes, I doubt very much that Craster be alone in taking this course of action. If the Others sweep through the 7 kingdoms, who will be able to resist the barbaric temptation of sacrificing one of your own to save the rest? It mirrors with R'hllor quite nicely, and makes it not about "good vs evil" "Rhllor vs the great Other", but about chosen survival methods reflecting the extreme circumstances and the personalities of the people involved.
It takes a brave, enlightened and principled man to conquer fear by honourable means, and Craster, in my view, is merely the forerunner of this crisis.
I can't imagine that Locke dude, or Theon's would be rapist having any qualms doing what Craster does in order to survive.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 18 April 2013 - 03:41 AM.
2909	Winterz	2013-04-18	In this episode he is talking about the cold winds and how he has nothing to fear, he's made a deal with the White Walkers to offer up his sons to them. The White Walkers are the "gods" that he serves.Last season Craster lives his baby in the woods, a figure with blue eyes takes it, Jon tells Mormont about it, he tells Jon "Craster serves crueler gods than us"Mormont just thought they were other sort of Gods who accepted male baby sacrifices. He sure as hell didn't know Craster worshiped WWs.
2910	A Dance With Drogon	2013-04-18	I disagree that Mormont did not know who Craster was giving the babies to. Even though there are a lot of gods in this world, I don't think he believes that there are gods he's never heard of that like to munch on frozen baby meat. I'm sure that would be known throughout the realm, or at least in the form of children's ghost stories.
2911	Tadco26	2013-04-18	It seems most likely to me that Mormont just thought Craster was killing the babies as a sacrifice.  Many real world religions have had human sacrifices without an actual god coming to literally take that sacrfice.
On a different note, I am curious as to how Craster would have ever come up with the idea or negotiated the peace in the first place since the Others haven't shown any desire or ability to communicate with humans so far in any other situation.
2912	Deleted	2013-04-18	Deleted post - how can I delete my account?
Nothing but spoilers in every thread, regardless how it's marked.
					
					
							Edited by Angel_Angelus, 20 April 2013 - 06:37 AM.
2913	polarbear	2013-04-20	Lets not give Craster too much credit here. The man is not a theological scholar (like some young actors on the series:) Like most of the Wildings he worships " the old gods", But he has decided that the white walkers are in fact the old gods. Other old gods worshipers like Mormont think he's nuts.
Its like those Branch Davidians all deciding that David Koresh was Jesus Christ reborn. They might have still considered themselves Christians, but nobody else did.
2914	Ghost of Harrenhal	2013-04-20	I'm pretty sure Mormont knows exactly what craster is doing.  When john tells him he saw what took the babies, Mormont says "he serves crueler gods than you or i" or something like that.  Mormont knows this but he knows he has to rely on craster so he doesnt say anything.
2915	The Flaying Man	2013-04-15	I should preface this post by saying that I think CiarA!n Hinds is a magnificent actor, and played the show's version of Mance very well. However, it seems to me that this is the last we'll be seeing of the King-Beyond-the-Wall for some time (although I did read somewhere that Ciaran Hinds has a reaction shot to Tormund's strike force returning sans-Snow).
While I willingly succumbed to the portrayal of Mance in the show after the first episode, which judged on its merits was a very good scene, I genuinely feel that for all the building up to Mance's character over the last two seasons, the payoff is disappointing.
I, and many others, aceepted that he was sculpted into a gruff, seasoned warrior, and not the jovial bard we're so familiar with from the books. But with all these changes in mind, we did not see much of him at all. Over seasons one and two, we were led to believe that this almost legendary figure, Mance Rayder, had managed to unite the constantly antagonistic tribes of the lands Beyond the Wall. In season 3 (so far) we saw that the rumours were indeed true. But...where's the payoff? Mance has a short scene in which he accepts Jon into his forces, another scene which serves to establish "warging" as an ability, and a third and final scene where he sends Tormund and a splinter force to climb the Wall and attack Castle Black from behind.
Usually I am of the mind to accept the show's treatment of certain characters/aspects/plot pints as changed or condensed to more appropriately serve the television medium. However, I must admit, I am disappointed with the show's treatment of such a colourful character, which is surprising considering the buildup he received. I can't help but think that all of this is a detriment to Jon's overall arc.
2916	JMJ	2013-04-15	I wonder how they plan to play the Abel scenes at Winterfell. Like how they changed up the Arstan Whitebeard/Selmy reveal, seems they would need to change up the Abel reveal, since Hinds is pretty recognizable.
2917	The Flaying Man	2013-04-15	I wonder how they plan to play the Abel scenes at Winterfell. Like how they changed up the Arstan Whitebeard/Selmy reveal, seems they would need to change up the Abel reveal, since Hinds is pretty recognizable.I imagine that in those scenes (if they do indeed play out that way), it will have been previously established that Mance has been sent to infiltrate Winterfell. So, the viewer will be aware of Mance's objective from the get-go. Accordingly, Roose and the other Northern lords would have no reason to be able to recognise Mance.Of course this all depends on Mance being a bard...and since the show has omitted/morphed that scene, it would seem a bit random to bring it up while he's a captive at Castle Black. Hmmm.
2918	Nezzer	2013-04-15	Agreed, they gave him way too little screen time. They barely developed him as a character. I hope we still get to see him again before episode 10, but I doubt it.
2919	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Agree totally. Jon's story lost a lot of intrigue with the 'Will he or won't he join the Wildlings?' question now clearly off the table.
2920	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	I imagine that in those scenes (if they do indeed play out that way), it will have been previously established that Mance has been sent to infiltrate Winterfell. So, the viewer will be aware of Mance's objective from the get-go. Accordingly, Roose and the other Northern lords would have no reason to be able to recognise Mance.Of course this all depends on Mance being a bard...and since the show has omitted/morphed that scene, it would seem a bit random to bring it up while he's a captive at Castle Black. Hmmm.It he just becomes a free rider.BUTWe haven't met Val or his wife yet so I'm unsure as to what the end game of that plot line could be...
2921	Broken Fox	2013-04-16	I'll hold judgment seeing as we're only on episode 3, but the show definitely hasn't done any of the north of the wall stuff justice (aside from the white walker scene). The writers either don't care for that part of the story too much or they just suck at adapting it.
2922	victim	2013-04-16	I'll hold judgment seeing as we're only on episode 3, but the show definitely hasn't done any of the north of the wall stuff justice (aside from the white walker scene). The writers either don't care for that part of the story too much or they just suck at adapting it.I blame Iceland. Let me explain: I think the harsh weather and difficult day/night cycles has been extremely detrimental to the story. When they have 3-4 hours of shooting time a day, it's understandable that Jon's story gets left out in the cold (best pun I've ever made). Most of Jon's scenes feel like we're just checking in for a quick two or three minutes simply because they don't have enough time or money to do it in any more detail than they have been doing. In turn, Jon feels underused, Mance definitely feels underused, and we as viewers can't develop the same awe we got from the Free-Folk as we did in the books. Meanwhile, the Iceland crew also have to cover the desperate march of the Night's Watch, which in itself is quite a big portion of the Beyond-The-Wall story. It's hard to imagine setting up and filming the Battle at the Fist, for example, in a few hours. It sounds impossible without infinite amounts of time and budget.I fully expect Jon's story to pick up once he gets South of the Wall again and they start filming his scenes in Belfast. I'd be really curious to compare Jon's screentime to that of other characters when the season ends.
2923	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Agreed, they gave him way too little screen time. They barely developed him as a character. I hope we still get to see him again before episode 10, but I doubt it.Ciaran hinds said in an interview that he'll appear in one more episode this season, apparently when the raiding party returns.
2924	Dove	2013-04-17	victim hit the nail on the head, really. It's too bad we didn't get more scenes with Mance. I think the reason he's falling flat for people is because he's gotten maybe four minutes of screentime. Same with all of the wildlings and Jon.
I assume fleshing Mance out is just going to come later, with all of Jon's extra time with the raiding party this season for developing Tormund, Ygritte, and Orell. We'll probably see the fun, wild spirit of the free folk then.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 17 April 2013 - 01:32 AM.
2925	fassreiter	2013-04-17	I wonder how they plan to play the Abel scenes at Winterfell. Like how they changed up the Arstan Whitebeard/Selmy reveal, seems they would need to change up the Abel reveal, since Hinds is pretty recognizable.People really think they are going to include the Winterfell plot with this guy Hinds? Most likely they will have Mance die in the Battle for the Wall at the end of next season. Meanwhile Jon can be brought into a position to lead the wildlings with Tormund being his new second-in-command. It is obvious the writers don't know what to do with the Mance-character, and Hinds is probably too expensive to keep for more than two seasons anyway. There will be one more intense scene with Mance telling Jon about his fight against the Others, and then there will be a somewhat more antagonistic scene right before the battle, and then Mance will just go down when Stannis attacks. And that is it. Farewell indeed.
2926	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	People really think they are going to include the Winterfell plot with this guy Hinds? Most likely they will have Mance die in the Battle for the Wall at the end of next season. Meanwhile Jon can be brought into a position to lead the wildlings with Tormund being his new second-in-command. It is obvious the writers don't know what to do with the Mance-character, and Hinds is probably too expensive to keep for more than two seasons anyway. There will be one more intense scene with Mance telling Jon about his fight against the Others, and then there will be a somewhat more antagonistic scene right before the battle, and then Mance will just go down when Stannis attacks. And that is it. Farewell indeed.A problem with all this that I can see is: If they nerf the Mance storyline, who does Sam take south to the Citadel?
2927	ViennaGirl	2013-04-17	I know the actor's great and everything, but he's playing my favorite wildling as FrankenMance. Dislike. Mance is so nuanced and interesting, and the show is killing him. Meh. Without Abel and the Washerwomen, Winterfell is going to be booooring when the snow starts.
2928	dolphlundgren	2013-04-17	I think the writers will have more material for Mance in the future that isn't necessarily in the books. I doubt they will have him die in the battle with Stannis, as that would be a pretty severe departure from the books.
2929	JMJ	2013-04-17	It would actually be pretty funny if D+D freaked out book fans by having one of the many cliffhangers end in the character actually dying. 
Icould see that for Mance as much as any of them.
2930	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-17	I dunno, apart from him not being a bard (at least not that we know of up until this point) I don't think the character is done too poorly...I agree that the screen time is a little disappointing, but I kind of felt the same let down in the books too. While he got considerably more time in the books, he's still only in a handful of scenes in the first half and then only in it at the end when Jon goes to meet him and Stannis attacks. I don't think we've really had enough scenes from him in the show yet to write him off as being a bad adaptation or wildly out of character from the books.
2931	Head of The Ned	2013-04-17	I do agree, he has been underused thus far. My guess is in episode 10 we will see the entire wildling host as they prepare to attack castle black, which will happen in season 4.
2932	Raion Laion	2013-04-17	The thing is, if you have a big actor play a fan-favorite character, there is just No Way anything less than magnificence will be tolerated. 
I hope they at least give us Val. I can do without the bard realness, but boy, having Val obliviated would just break my savage heart.
2933	Kienn	2013-04-18	Book Mance always seemed lame to me as well, the only cool thing he ever does is beat Jon in a swordfight and you don't even know it's him when it happens.
Maybe next book we'll see he did something cool in Winterfell as well, but till then he's still pretty lame.
2934	Holy Sock	2013-04-18	It's very possible that they are moving Mance's material to Season 4. I mean, if we have 8 episodes before the Battle at the Wall, it's possible that we could see some more Mance/Jon interaction when Jon goes to parley with the wildlings. Introduce Val and such. Mance telling Jon why he left the Night's Watch etc.
2935	WheelofIceandFire	2013-04-18	Im sure i remember hearing Mance deliver the line 'When the long night comes, north of the Wall becomes the kingdom of the dead' in one of the behind the scenes videos, and i cant remember him saying that line in the first three episodes so unless its a deleted scene then he will probably have more scenes in future episodes (just not with Jon Snow)
2936	Nezzer	2013-04-18	Im sure i remember hearing Mance deliver the line 'When the long night comes, north of the Wall becomes the kingdom of the dead' in one of the behind the scenes videos, and i cant remember him saying that line in the first three episodes so unless its a deleted scene then he will probably have more scenes in future episodes (just not with Jon Snow)Hm, yeah I remember that. I really hope you are right. Mance needs more screentime.
2937	Dysun	2013-04-18	Hinds confirmed in an interview he appears in 3 episodes and then one reactionary scene. So it probably got cut
2938	protar	2013-04-18	It's kind of baffling why they'd hire a fairly well known actor for a major character, and then only have him in 3 or 4 episodes. Do D+D just not like Mance?
2939	The Flaying Man	2013-04-18	It's kind of baffling why they'd hire a fairly well known actor for a major character, and then only have him in 3 or 4 episodes. Do D+D just not like Mance?This is exactly what I was wondering myself, it's a very strange and confusing decision.
2940	protar	2013-04-18	I mean I was expecting Mance to be missing in the second half of the season, but Mance is right with them until they're about to climb the Wall in the books. So they're changing the books in order to limit his screen time.
2941	boojam	2013-04-18	It's kind of baffling why they'd hire a fairly well known actor for a major character, and then only have him in 3 or 4 episodes. Do D+D just not like Mance?Charles Dance appeared in only 4 episodes in season 1.As I remember he complained, a little, about coming to the Blackwater episode, and speaking only one line.
2942	go joff go	2013-04-18	I'm pretty shocked too how little Mance we are getting.  Not even an.exposition/backstory scene.  Kind of bizarre.
2943	Ser Wun Wun	2013-04-18	Yeah, I'm not liking this Mance at all.  There are several other roles I think Ciaran would have excelled at:  Randly Tarly, the High Septon, Jon Connington, maybe even Doran.  But I really wish they would have gotten someone younger to play Mance. 
Dominic West would have been good, and James Purefoy would have been freaking perfect.  I HATE that he hates this show b/c he thinks it replaced Rome.  And his Rome co-star Kevin McKidd feels the same, which is a freaking travesty since he would be a perfect Jon Connington.
2944	Jolene Brown	2013-04-18	God, Ciaran Hinds would have been the perfect Doran.
2945	JMJ	2013-04-18	God, Ciaran Hinds would have been the perfect Doran.Absolutely! Good call on that one.
2946	protar	2013-04-19	Charles Dance appeared in only 4 episodes in season 1.As I remember he complained, a little, about coming to the Blackwater episode, and speaking only one line.I suppose that's true. But then that's fairly true to how to things are in the books. Here there's material for Mance to be in at least 2 more episodes and yet they're compressing it into just 4 episodes. It's odd especially given how they spent all of season 2 building up Mance.
2947	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Here there's material for Mance to be in at least 2 more episodes and yet they're compressing it into just 4 episodes. It's odd especially given how they spent all of season 2 building up Mance.Is there? They've pretty much covered most of what he does, the only thing missing is his back story about climbing the Wall. Theyve introduced him and shown him at the fist of the first men, which is pretty much all he does in the books at this point.
2948	protar	2013-04-19	Is there? They've pretty much covered most of what he does, the only thing missing is his back story about climbing the Wall. Theyve introduced him and shown him at the fist of the first men, which is pretty much all he does in the books at this point.Well in the books Jon is with Mance right until he's sent to climb the Wall. Whereas here it seems there'll be at least a couple of episodes before Jon does that and Mance is already gone. It's not a massive complaint I just thought that D+D would have wanted to capitalise on Mance's screen time as both a fairly well known actor in the TV business, and a major charismatic character. But instead he disappears after e3 and all his charisma is taken away.
2949	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-19	I'll hold judgment seeing as we're only on episode 3, but the show definitely hasn't done any of the north of the wall stuff justice (aside from the white walker scene). The writers either don't care for that part of the story too much or they just suck at adapting it.Until the Old Bear died, I personally didn't find the stuff North of the Wall very intriguing at all, with not much really happening.  Kind of dragged, IMHO.  I thought it fairly obvious that Jon, being the somewhat telegraphed (R+L=J) savior character, was never really in any great risk, which further reduced the dramatic tension. Mance also didn't really do all that much, though I thought his character really got interesting after Stannis showed up.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 19 April 2013 - 08:26 AM.
2950	Joyful Union	2013-04-19	Well in the books Jon is with Mance right until he's sent to climb the Wall. Whereas here it seems there'll be at least a couple of episodes before Jon does that and Mance is already gone. It's not a massive complaint I just thought that D+D would have wanted to capitalise on Mance's screen time as both a fairly well known actor in the TV business, and a major charismatic character. But instead he disappears after e3 and all his charisma is taken away.I agree more Mance would be good, but I think they have pretty much covered everything that he does, albeit in little detail. There is an entire chapter between when Jon leaves Mance  and climbs the Wall, probably enough to fill two episodes (cave scene, getting to know the Raiders), but I also have a feeling that Jon isnt in the next episode, so there's more than enough for one episode.
2951	oierem	2013-04-19	In the books, there are just 2 chapters with Jon and Mace. The third one is the cave scene, and the next one is climbing the Wall.
I hope that , once Mance is out of the picture, we will be able to see some actual interaction between Jon and Ygritte, Orell and the rest... and let Jon be a main character, not just a background guy behing Mace.
2952	Boulderbum	2013-04-15	Didn't see another thread talking about this, but the show seems to have deviated from the books in that Jon will be climbing the wall with Tormund instead of the Magnar (who obviously wasn't cast).
In SoS, this is Jon's time to get close with Igrette. We can assume that will still happen, but how will Tormund being around change things? Will Jon's escape from the wildlings change? Will Bran still be involved? Will Tormund be captured at the battle for Castle Black (southern edition)? Will it change Igrettes fate? (Doubtful)
At least we should get some of the conversation we've missed between Tormund and Jon. Members and such.
2953	JMJ	2013-04-15	Looks like no Jarl, eh? But does that mean we won't have the partial wall collapse scene? Or will that happen to some nameless Wildling alongside them. Also, are they nixing the idea of the two climbing teams racing against each other?
2954	Reposado	2013-04-15	Looks like no Jarl, eh? But does that mean we won't have the partial wall collapse scene? Or will that happen to some nameless Wildling alongside them. Also, are they nixing the idea of the two climbing teams racing against each other?yeah, that can definitely still happen. it doenst matter that we dont know the name of the guy who falls. its not like saying hey this is jarl, the.... would have made him mean much to the viewer
2955	Rhasgul	2013-04-17	Aye, I think the fact that one of the groups will fall to their deaths anyway made the directors decide not to introduce them. It would be a waste of screentime to build a character that would vanish one or two episodes later.
2956	Honourable Ser	2013-04-17	I was hoping that we would see Tormund die in place of Jarl in the series, because I absolutely despise the Tormund from the books (he never struck me as a remotely believable or likeable character). However, I love the slightly more serious and...well, 'wild' portrayal in the show, so here's hoping that he makes it and they kill Orell in place of Jarl.
2957	Clan O'Raghallaigh	2013-04-17	Found this very odd too, but I presume Tormund will just be captured now and perhaps Mance will lead the wildings through the wall in Dance of Dragons.
2958	JMJ	2013-04-17	Found this very odd too, but I presume Tormund will just be captured now and perhaps Mance will lead the wildings through the wall in Dance of Dragons.That would make the events in ADWD and TWOW hard to work out for the show - Tormund, or someone like him, needs to be at the Wall during Jon's betrayal. We don't know what's going to happen after Jon's stabbing, but my guess is that the Wildlings and Tormund, who appear to now be loyal to Jon, will play a big part in the melee. That person at the Wall will likely not be Mance. First, most people think Mance was sacrificed to the Fire God by Mel., and second, Mance is actually in WF as Abel. I don't see how you can have all those characters combined into one Mance.
2959	Mammothsbane	2013-04-17	It does kind of mix up the times, however it's possible that Jon turns his cloak (again) and warns the Wall and then the assault of Tormund's crew and Mance's army is better timed. They attack more in sync and, thanks to immense plot armor, the Wall is able to hold off the two-pronged attack. Or, Tormund escapes somehow and climbs the Wall back to the other side and meets back up with Mance
2960	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	I was hoping that we would see Tormund die in place of Jarl in the series, because I absolutely despise the Tormund from the books (he never struck me as a remotely believable or likeable character). However, I love the slightly more serious and...well, 'wild' portrayal in the show, so here's hoping that he makes it and they kill Orell in place of Jarl.Tormond not remotely likeable or believable???  Likeable, thats a first, but what isnt believable about him?  Member size?
2961	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	So, if I remember correctly, Tormund isnt supposed to attack Castle Black until Mance gives him a sign.  Does this mean We miss the Styr/Ygritte battle.
2962	Nezzer	2013-04-17	So, if I remember correctly, Tormund isnt supposed to attack Castle Black until Mance gives him a sign.  Does this mean We miss the Styr/Ygritte battle.I think Jon will kill Orell and the wildlings won't be able to see Mance's signal. I am starting to think there won't be a battle at Castle Black. Mance gave Tormund only 20 men to command in the show (instead of 200 like in the book) and I don't think they will attack Castle Black without backup with so few men.
2963	Honourable Ser	2013-04-17	Tormond not remotely likeable or believable???  Likeable, thats a first, but what isnt believable about him?  Member size?No haha, I just found him too jovial I guess to have survived so long and risen so far North of the Wall, and nor did I get the impression that he could be the warrior that Martin seemed to present him as at times. Personal opinion though I guess!
2964	hajalie24	2013-04-17	I think after Jon escapes the other members of the party will just climb back over the wall, and there will only be one battle. Ygritte would still die, and there being only one battle will save time and money for HBO.
2965	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	No haha, I just found him too jovial I guess to have survived so long and risen so far North of the Wall, and nor did I get the impression that he could be the warrior that Martin seemed to present him as at times. Personal opinion though I guess!He is definitely overboard on the tall-talking.  I imagine his schtick would get old fast.  He'd be great to hang with in small doses IMO.
2966	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-04-17	Is it possible they can use the impending attack on the wall as the final cliffhanger?  (two horns?) It would fit the pattern of having the big climax of the season in the penultimate episode, followed by a finale that involves the meta plot.
2967	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	No haha, I just found him too jovial I guess to have survived so long and risen so far North of the Wall, and nor did I get the impression that he could be the warrior that Martin seemed to present him as at times. Personal opinion though I guess!I can understand how he could be found to be a bit tedious, but the joviality of Tormund represents something that is severely missing in the show - and that is the joviality of the Wildlings in general. Its supposed to be an education for Jon (and for us) that despite the really grim conditions, the terror that is chasing them and brutality of life, that the Wildlings are still happy in their freedom.
2968	skhansa1559	2013-04-17	The battle at the wall was one of my favorite parts in ASOIAF. I hope it doesn't get relegated to a black screen with sword clanging noises.
2969	sarah.jenice	2013-04-17	I was disappointed when Mance said Tormund was going to because we know everyone who attacks Castle Black dies, and I don't see how Tormund could escape back to the other side of the Wall. I'm just going to have faith that they will work it out.
2970	victim	2013-04-17	I was disappointed when Mance said Tormund was going to because we know everyone who attacks Castle Black dies, and I don't see how Tormund could escape back to the other side of the Wall. I'm just going to have faith that they will work it out.I see something like this happening:Tormund loses about five men at Queenscrown; Jon kills Orell, while Summer and Shaggydog kill others (Ygritte will survive and be killed by Stannis' men next year). Jon, with an arrow wound, rides desperately back to the Wall to warn Castle Black. Tormund knows that Castle Black will be too fortified with the knowledge of them coming and decides to retreat back over the Wall with his 14 survivors to rejoin Mance's army.I'll miss the Battle at Castle Black though. That was such a good chapter.
2971	Talbot	2013-04-17	HAR
2972	boojam	2013-04-18	We have already seen , in the previews, the Wildling assault group south of the Wall.
At least that's what it looks like to me.
Even a scene of Ygritte using a bow with Jon behind her.
Question is are they going to have the skirmish for Castle Black this season?
Because it seems the big battle for the Wall occurs next season.
Will Rose Leslie only be in two seasons?
I could see D and D having her escape only to die in season four with the battle for the wall....
Never know what D and D will do.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 18 April 2013 - 12:05 AM.
2973	Head of The Ned	2013-04-18	I think after Jon escapes the other members of the party will just climb back over the wall, and there will only be one battle. Ygritte would still die, and there being only one battle will save time and money for HBO.This is the most likely scenario
2974	I do not sew	2013-04-18	Yeah I don't see how they could have the battle for Castle Black unfortunately, not unless they scaled it waaaay the eff down.
2975	KARMAgrinder	2013-04-18	While I understand the restraints... I really wanted to see this scene as accurately portrayed from the books as possible.
2976	boojam	2013-04-18	I think after Jon escapes the other members of the party will just climb back over the wall, and there will only be one battle. Ygritte would still die, and there being only one battle will save time and money for HBO.I have watched E3 once and won't be able to watch it again till this weekend, seemed Mance's instructions to Tormund are a little ambiguous to me , I can't remember him tell Tormund to actually attack Castle Black, maybe he did.But you have made a good guess even tho , in the book, it is more of a skirmish than a battle, Tormund will know that Jon has gotten away and now it's going to be a lot harder to take Castle Black.Even tho it's kind of smallish, D and D have been reluctant to put a lot action sequence like that in a season.The previews have shown , what looks like, big preparations for the attack on Yunkai, if they elaborate that then they might well feel the season four battle for the wall is enough. Now that battle is elaborated by George in the book and could be expensive , giants and mammoths you know...plus they have get Stanis in there. It's a Blackwater moment.(That would probably mean the conquest of Meereen will get shorted.)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 18 April 2013 - 07:36 AM.
2977	victim	2013-04-18	@boojam, Mance told Tormund to attack when he gives the signal -- "the biggest fire the North has ever seen" -- mentioning they've got the Wall to protect them but it only guards one side.
2978	SeventySeven	2013-04-18	I'm dreading this storyline, because compared to the books it's a bit all over the place.Will Rose Leslie only be in two seasons?I could see D and D having her escape only to die in season four with the battle for the wall....Never know what D and D will do.She should be only in one season- this one, if you ask me. I keep seeing people suggesting they'll combine her with Val (!!!!) or that she'll die next season killed by Stannis' men, but that would ruin Jon's arc completely. Ygritte dying when and in the way she does, it's a catalyst in what makes Jon the Jon he ends up being after everything happened.As or the battle at the wall, it's one of my favourite parts as well. But to be totally honest, I'm not overly impressed by how Jon's story has been adapted...
2979	Septon Meribald	2013-04-18	Of course there's no way of knowing exactly what the show writers have decided to do, but given the current set up I can envision a scenario that I'd be pretty happy seeing. Jon and Tormund climb the Wall, maybe some wildlings fall, maybe they don't, if they do an extra might be given a line that amounts to 'I've climbed the wall a dozen times' making him a stand in for Jarl. South of the wall Jon escapes the wildlings along the lines of the book. Orell dies somewhere along the way leaving Tormund without knowledge of when to attack. He decides to go for a night attack as soon as possible, knowing the Jon will warn the Watch. Battle ensues, Ygritte is slain, Tormund is captured. Mance shows up north of the Wall and the battle plays out about the same as the books. Afterwards Jon convinces Tormund to talk to the captured wildlings and lead them south of the Wall under the supervision of the Watch. 
I don't see any reason they couldn't film the Battle of Castle Black. They've scaled down the wildling force so it would amount to about 20 actors and extras trading blows and firing some arrows. There would be no complex duels to choreograph, no expensive pyrotechnics, no large contingent of horse wranglers to support a cavalry scene and no cg or huge group of extras to arrange for crowd shots since the armies are small.
2980	boojam	2013-04-18	Of course there's no way of knowing exactly what the show writers have decided to do, but given the current set up I can envision a scenario that I'd be pretty happy seeing. Jon and Tormund climb the Wall, maybe some wildlings fall, maybe they don't, if they do an extra might be given a line that amounts to 'I've climbed the wall a dozen times' making him a stand in for Jarl. South of the wall Jon escapes the wildlings along the lines of the book. Orell dies somewhere along the way leaving Tormund without knowledge of when to attack. He decides to go for a night attack as soon as possible, knowing the Jon will warn the Watch. Battle ensues, Ygritte is slain, Tormund is captured. Mance shows up north of the Wall and the battle plays out about the same as the books. Afterwards Jon convinces Tormund to talk to the captured wildlings and lead them south of the Wall under the supervision of the Watch. I don't see any reason they couldn't film the Battle of Castle Black. They've scaled down the wildling force so it would amount to about 20 actors and extras trading blows and firing some arrows. There would be no complex duels to choreograph, no expensive pyrotechnics, no large contingent of horse wranglers to support a cavalry scene and no cg or huge group of extras to arrange for crowd shots since the armies are small.I don't have the book with me. Did the assault on the Wall from the North start at the same time as the Wildling strike at Castle Black? Seems there was a delta time?If they were close together then both could come season 4 , even as late as E4.Maybe even D and D would make them simultaneous , since it seems the show runners now have the freedom (from HBO, I think?) to do one big thing per season.So Rose be around , for a while, next season.
2981	JMJ	2013-04-18	I don't have the book with me. Did the assault on the Wall from the North start at the same time as the Wildling strike at Castle Black? Seems there was a delta time?If they were close together then both could come season 4 , even as late as E4.Maybe even D and D would make them simultaneous , since it seems the show runners now have the freedom (from HBO, I think?) to do one big thing per season.So Rose be around , for a while, next season.There was a fair amount of time between the attack from the South and the North of the Wall - remember that after the South attack, CB was partly burned, the ladders up the wall were purposefully burned to keep the Widlings from climbing, and they had gotten a start on repairing all of that before the North attack where Stannis saves the day.
2982	boojam	2013-04-18	There was a fair amount of time between the attack from the South and the North of the Wall - remember that after the South attack, CB was partly burned, the ladders up the wall were purposefully burned to keep the Widlings from climbing, and they had gotten a start on repairing all of that before the North attack where Stannis saves the day.Yes that refreshes my memory.Why did Mance do that?Jon and NW were badly outnumbered it would over strained the NW resources if the two attacks had been coordinated.Can't remember if George gave a reason.
2983	JMJ	2013-04-18	Yes that refreshes my memory.Why did Mance do that?Jon and NW were badly outnumbered it would over strained the NW resources if the two attacks had been coordinated.Can't remember if George gave a reason.As I recall, the only indication of the delay between North and South was because it took so much time and effort to move the entire crowd of Wildlings, families, giants, etc. That point seemed to have been emphasized pretty strongly. I don't remember any other tactical or other reason this happened.
2984	Septon Meribald	2013-04-18	As I recall, the only indication of the delay between North and South was because it took so much time and effort to move the entire crowd of Wildlings, families, giants, etc. That point seemed to have been emphasized pretty strongly. I don't remember any other tactical or other reason this happened.Well the idea was for the attack from the south to be sudden and unexpected. The Watch was already looking north after the return from the Great Ranging and the Weeper's attack at the Bridge of Skulls which had drawn off the larger portion of Castle Black's fighting men. If it hadn't been for Jon's arrival and preparation for the attack from the Thenns Castle Black would have fallen and the gate would have been opened for Mance once he arrived as was planned. Mance had several back up plans, so there would be no need to try to micromanage everything. The wildlings are still very independent people even if they have banded together, so Mance allows them to make their own decisions. If the Thenns failed at Castle Black, he still had the Weeper who might succeed at Shadow Tower. If not for that, he could attack head on at Castle Black as he did. If that failed he could send climbers to a dozen locations on the Wall at once. He out numbers the Watch 50 to 1 before the massive loss of manpower by the Watch at the Fist and in the Battle of Castle Black and the Bridge of Skulls. If all that fails, he has the Horn of Joruman. Simply put, if it hadn't been for Stannis, he would have won no matter what.
2985	JMJ	2013-04-18	Thanks for the detailed answer. That's true - forgot about how impressive the Wildling numbers were. It made it all the more stunning when it all just fell apart sofast at the Wall for them when Stannis' forces surprise them.
2986	Honourable Ser	2013-04-19	I can understand how he could be found to be a bit tedious, but the joviality of Tormund represents something that is severely missing in the show - and that is the joviality of the Wildlings in general. Its supposed to be an education for Jon (and for us) that despite the really grim conditions, the terror that is chasing them and brutality of life, that the Wildlings are still happy in their freedom.I get that argument, but my personal belief is that living in a hard place like that, to rise to the top you have to have that grim mentality that means you can rise above those that seek to rise as well.
2987	NurseNinja	2013-04-17	At first I was like: why is ramsey pretending to be a cleaner in the dungeon... and when the killing of his men seemed wastful... and then the sneaking into a greyjoy castle need episode seemed pointlessly risky.He really is the dungeon cleaner at this point. he wasnt killing his men. he wasnt the one that rouse bolton sent. he really is that lowley at this stage. hes using theon to elevate his position....
2988	KayOfLaihr	2013-04-18	I think he killed his (father's) men because they were about to take Theon, and Theon is his to play with.
2989	Conchobar	2013-04-18	Nah you got it all wrong man. Everything, Ramsay had planned. Like a game. His men knew he would set Theon free, he told them to pretend he was just a dungeon sweeper. What they didn't know was that Ramsay would kill them to gain Theon's trust even more.
2990	Mulled Wino	2013-04-18	Nah you got it all wrong man. Everything, Ramsay had planned. Like a game. His men knew he would set Theon free, he told them to pretend he was just a dungeon sweeper. What they didn't know was that Ramsay would kill them to gain Theon's trust even more.Right.  Ramsey is already running the show in Roose's absence
2991	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-18	Yes. Rouse Bolton thought it was a great idea that he had some cleaning experience.
2992	The BlackBear	2013-04-18	Another suggestion is that the men who went after Theon were Roose's steadfast men, by killing them Ramsay strengthens his own position.
2993	Iotun	2013-04-18	I think killing his own men is just to show later that he's a complete psycho.
2994	Rhasgul	2013-04-18	Maybe he wasn't the sweeper but was just coincidentally cleaning up a bit? Spring Autumn cleaning?In all honesty though he has already taken Winterfell for house Bolton earlier on so there is no doubt that his status is far above sweeping the dungeons. I'm not sure if the men he killed were in on his plot to release Theon but it's a sick mindgame nonetheless.
2995	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-18	Are we sure the guys who chased down Theon are the torturers? I could see Ramsay "sacrificing" them either way, but still... 
Probably worth bearing in mind that Ramsay is quite explicitly the head honcho of the Dreadfort right now. Roose mentions (multiple times) that his bastard will be the one who leads the attack on Winterfell and takes Prince Theon's head; leading an army and capturing/executing royalty isn't really a job for a legit janitor.
2996	Mulled Wino	2013-04-18	Another suggestion is that the men who went after Theon were Roose's steadfast men, by killing them Ramsay strengthens his own position.Im hoping they stay closer to the books than that.
2997	Conchobar	2013-04-18	Another suggestion is that the men who went after Theon were Roose's steadfast men, by killing them Ramsay strengthens his own position.Nope. Because he was clearly pretending to just be a cleaner, and they were clearly in on it. They are his pawns, and he put them down for his own silent amusement.
2998	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	Nah you got it all wrong man. Everything, Ramsay had planned. Like a game. His men knew he would set Theon free, he told them to pretend he was just a dungeon sweeper. What they didn't know was that Ramsay would kill them to gain Theon's trust even more.Yeah, this is what I thought anyway.
2999	The BlackBear	2013-04-18	Nope. Because he was clearly pretending to just be a cleaner, and they were clearly in on it. They are his pawns, and he put them down for his own silent amusement.They may well have played along with the game, thinking it was funny, but not realising Ramsay would also use it as a opportunity to strengthen his position. Roose says in the books that 'The Bastards Boys' are loyal to him but still play along with Ramsay, it might not be too significant a deviation for Ramsay to have worked this out in the show.Im hoping they stay closer to the books than that.When have they ever done what we hope?
3000	King Tyrion I	2013-04-18	Nah you got it all wrong man. Everything, Ramsay had planned. Like a game. His men knew he would set Theon free, he told them to pretend he was just a dungeon sweeper. What they didn't know was that Ramsay would kill them to gain Theon's trust even more.Seconded. My thoughts exactly.
3001	Septon Meribald	2013-04-18	I'm pretty sure everything is just a ploy to convince Theon that he's a friend and the viewer that he's a sociopath on a level that puts Joffrey to shame.
3002	FloredaA	2013-04-18	I'm pretty sure everything is just a ploy to convince Theon that he's a friend and the viewer that he's a sociopath on a level that puts Joffrey to shame.This. Physical torture of Theon would not be enough to break him, and to keep the viewers interested all season. We need the mind games as well.
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA, 18 April 2013 - 10:22 AM.
3003	Conchobar	2013-04-18	Ramsay is a sociopath. He is playing this scenario out almost like he is playing with dolls, Reek being his favourite. It is almost like he is compensating for something missing in his own life. A father figure for one, lol. He uses his power, then, to indulge his desires. I see him almost as a child with dolls. He wants Reek alive because he is like his walking work of art, he takes bits off him and adds to him, changes his personality. etc.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 18 April 2013 - 10:26 AM.
3004	WhiteGuts	2013-04-18	In season 2 Roose said to Robb that he'll send his bastard to Winterfell.
From this we can grasp that Ramsay already has the 2nd highest position in House Bolton. Theon's torturers knew who he was, they were part of the plan.
3005	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-18	Hm perhaps he never kills his own men unless he can frame it on another. For instance, he must kill all four chasing Theon to leave no witnesses in his own group. He can blame the deaths on Theon. His men would understand that soldiers die now and then during dangerous activities. But little do they know the Bastard is playing around with their lives. He'd only bring 1-2 men to kill on smaller activities, and go so far as to kill 4 men chasing his new favourite toy
3006	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-18	Ramsay IS in charge BUT the men will no doubt report back to Roose.
Perhaps Ramsay wanted these men out the way and at the sametime he used their deaths to gain Theons trust.
Ramsay is pure evil - the only Westeros men in his league of "evilness" would be Gregor Clegane or Euron Greyjoy
3007	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-18	Yeah, it's possible that the kiled men where the "eyes" of Roose in the Dreadfort so Ramsay wanted to dispose of them. Maybe one was even Roose's trusted person to keep Ramsay in check. But I doubt this will get fleshed out, it's not really important to the plot at all. I see the plot points that matter like this:
- Ramsay lets Theon get tortured (Bad Cop in extremis)
- Ramsay gets the trust by killing the torturers (Good Cop) so that he gets to know Theon's secret (are Bran and Rickon dead?)
- Ramsay imprisons Theon once again and goes off to search for them
- Ramsay returns angrily and tortures Theon even more. Put here the "Theon eats a mouse raw"-scene (could be next season as well).
3008	Sidonie	2013-04-18	You know, I was wondering if Ramsay was holding these Bolton men responsible for the death of the original Reek, in some way.
So, because of this, he sets them up in a situation where he has an excuse to kill them, all while pulling a masterful mind-fuck on Theon.
It's a win-win for Ramsay.
3009	Revae	2013-04-18	It's all a game for Ramsay. It was his own men.
That's why the guy called him a "little bastard" when he realised a) that he had been setup to be killed,  ( b ) Ramsay hates being called a bastard.
In the books he lets the girls run away before sending his dogs after them and states that he prefers to chase them for the thrill before he rapes and kills them. God damn sociopath. This is what he's doing to Theon.
					
					
							Edited by Revae, 18 April 2013 - 05:51 PM.
3010	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-18	You know, I was wondering if Ramsay was holding these Bolton men responsible for the death of the original Reek, in some way.What makes you say that? Just curious, because I don't think a Reek has ever even been mentioned in the context of the show, nor has the notion that 'Boy' (obviously Ramsay) is angry for the loss of a certain childhood companion.
3011	Sidonie	2013-04-18	No, the first Reek hasn't been mentioned in the show, at least not yet.
But the first Reek is in the books, and I was wondering if the Boy/Ramsay would later reveal to Theon that he lost "His Reek" to those men, and now he was going to make Theon his "New Reek"
3012	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-18	I highly doubt that, even though I wish. Not necessarily the idea of Dreadfort men killing Reek, but the relationship nonetheless. I think our best chances of the Reek dynamic went out the window when Dagmer gave Theon all his nasty S2 ideas.
					
					
							Edited by Bolton's Bastard, 18 April 2013 - 08:03 PM.
3013	Sound_of_winter	2013-04-18	What if he's not Ramsey? what if he's actually Reek leading Theon to Ramsey who is actually played by..........Cillian Murphey /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  okay i'll stop now.
3014	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-18	What if he's not Ramsey? what if he's actually Reek leading Theon to Ramsey who is actually played by..........Cillian Murphey /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  okay i'll stop now.The perfection...but then...I'd be sad Iwan was wasted on Reek /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3015	fede989	2013-04-18	The thing that I found weird on episode 2 is that Ramsay only approaches Theon when all of his tortures are gone, still under-cover while Theon has a bag on his head and can't see what is around him. Why would he do it if it<U+0080><U+0099>s all just an act and all of this men are his accomplices? Not even one of them has a look at Ramsay when they're leaving.
It seems too complicated if all of this is only meant to break Theon spirit. I think there is more about this than Ramsay just being a psycho, maybe some weird political angle?
					
					
							Edited by fede989, 18 April 2013 - 09:23 PM.
3016	Nezzer	2013-04-18	The thing that I found weird on episode 2 is that Ramsay only approaches Theon when all of his tortures are gone, still under-cover while Theon has a bag on his head and can't see what is around him. Why would he do it if it<U+0080><U+0099>s all just an act and all of this men are his accomplices? Not even one of them has a look at Ramsay when they're leaving.It seems too complicated if all of this is only meant to break Theon spirit. I think there is more about this than Ramsay just being a psycho, maybe some weird political angle?I think that's also to fool the viewers, especially the non-readers. D&D probably want Ramsay's betrayal to Theon being as shocking to the viewers as it will be for Theon.
3017	Dove	2013-04-18	You're right, it's a little odd they didn't even give him a second glance, but like Nezzer said you have to keep in mind that they're deceiving the people in front of the screen as much as Ramsay is deceiving Theon.You can just write it off pretty easily as "Roose's bastard is fucking weird and the men are just going along with the weird shit he pulls/asks them to do because he's currently in charge."What if he's not Ramsey? what if he's actually Reek leading Theon to Ramsey who is actually played by..........Cillian Murphey /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  okay i'll stop now.hahahahathe Biggest Troll Forever
3018	BananaSpice	2013-04-18	Yeah, I also considered how it was odd that Iwan still acted meek / quiet when the men left while Theon couldn't even see him ... but it's definitely just to fool the viewer. If we need to come up with a real reason that makes sense w/ the story, we can just assume he was getting into / staying in character. I mean, he probably told the men not to even look at him, in case they give away the game.
3019	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-19	Ramsay's a method actor. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
It's going to be horrible/awesome when Ramsay lets the mask fall completely.
3020	the hound of sansa	2013-04-19	one thing that is weird. theon's torturers are wearing greyjoy cothes. are they doing it so to connfuse him and us more?
3021	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-19	A small thing has been bugging me for days, maybe this is the right place to have it explained, at last:
I think that the whole "your sister sent me" plot by "Boy" is a bit hard to fall for. I mean, fine, Theon is in excruciating pain and scared to death, and not able to concentrate on details, but we watchers are. When is Asha/Yara supposed to have been told that her brother had been kidnapped? Not much time seems to have passed since the burning of Winterfell, maybe one day or two. Now, how could Yara know where he was being kept? Or even that he had been taken prisoner! Had he been in the Iron Islands (the torturers were dressed up as iron islanders) fine, that could have been possible. But then Boy says they were not. So, how could she have already sent help? This thing has been bugging me for days!
3022	Nezzer	2013-04-19	one thing that is weird. theon's torturers are wearing greyjoy cothes. are they doing it so to connfuse him and us more?Aye. Theon is a capive of men dressed as Ironborn, then some guy comes saying that he was sent by Yara to rescue Theon from those ironmen and later he says "Winter is Coming". Ultra master troll /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3023	Nezzer	2013-04-19	A small thing has been bugging me for days, maybe this is the right place to have it explained, at last:I think that the whole "your sister sent me" plot by "Boy" is a bit hard to fall for. I mean, fine, Theon is in excruciating pain and scared to death, and not able to concentrate on details, but we watchers are. When is Asha/Yara supposed to have been told that her brother had been kidnapped? Not much time seems to have passed since the burning of Winterfell, maybe one day or two. Now, how could Yara know where he was being kept? Or even that he had been taken prisoner! Had he been in the Iron Islands (the torturers were dressed up as iron islanders) fine, that could have been possible. But then Boy says they were not. So, how could she have already sent help? This thing has been bugging me for days!Well, "Boy" says they are not in the Iron Islands. There's no way an unspoiled non-reader can know what happened after Winterfell fell ( /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> ). They could think that Yara changed her mind and got back there right after the sack, or that she crossed paths with Dagmer's unit, I don't know. There are many possibilities.
3024	Tourniquet	2013-04-15	Sorry, saw there were threads already discussing this...and I didnt catch the preview at the end...
					
					
							Edited by Tourniquet, 15 April 2013 - 11:06 AM.
3025	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I always have a hard time catching everything they show in the previews - seems to all move so fast.  But, from the scene last night with Mel and Stannis (and speculation on the forum that Gendry will serve as a 'substitute' for Edric Storm), I assume she's going after Gendry.  Seems like there was one exchange in the preview where Mel and Thoros were talking, and that must be about Gendry.  In the book, though, Davos spirits Edric away, and since he's in the dungeons on Dragonstone now, I don't know how Gendry will be 'saved', but I'm feel sure he will be.  Wonder if, after the 'disappointing' (to say the least) exchange with Mel in last night's episode, Stannis will go back and let Davos out, wanting his old friend for counsel since Mel has 'abandoned' him. 
And, the other talk about Stannis wanting a son (I guess that came up in another thread) is definitely, IMHO, all about his wanting another shadow baby.  That's power for him, and right now he doesn't have any himself [his "fire is burning low"].
3026	Set_Gecko	2013-04-15	In the book, though, Davos spirits Edric away, and since he's in the dungeons on Dragonstone now, I don't know how Gendry will be 'saved', but I'm feel sure he will be.Davos saves Edric AFTER he was released from the dungeons. He was put in there because he wanted to kill Mel (she saw that in the flames), not because of Edric. So I assume this thing will work out just like the book, except Gendry will substitute Edric
3027	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	If they removed Edric Storm completely from the picture, maybe we'll see other changes as well.
Maybe Stannis will take Gendry to the Wall so he can meet Jon and tell him about Arya.
Since he probably can't read/write, Gendry can learn at the same time as Davos. Davos will start to like Gendry, and probably take him under his protection...two tickets for Skagos, please!
Ahhh, a man can dream.
3028	Drogo_1	2013-04-16	If they removed Edric Storm completely from the picture, maybe we'll see other changes as well.Maybe Stannis will take Gendry to the Wall so he can meet Jon and tell him about Arya.Since he probably can't read/write, Gendry can learn at the same time as Davos. Davos will start to like Gendry, and probably take him under his protection...two tickets for Skagos, please!Ahhh, a man can dream.That would be cool!
3029	Gannicus	2013-04-16	It certainly seems Gendry is taking Edric's place. I'm fine with the change as long as Davos saves him and it serves as Stannis' wake-up call again.
3030	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-16	Hey did anyone think about this:
Davos saves Gendry because they're both from Flea Bottom and no one deserves to be sacrificed to the flames...
so Gendry makes one appearance after Arya leaves the Brotherhood right?
Davos sends Edric away to Essos and is basically not heard from again.
Here's my "stupid dream" Davos sends Gendry away to Essos, and Gendry ends up in Braavos......
3031	Mammothsbane	2013-04-16	Hey did anyone think about this:Davos saves Gendry because they're both from Flea Bottom and no one deserves to be sacrificed to the flames...so Gendry makes one appearance after Arya leaves the Brotherhood right?Davos sends Edric away to Essos and is basically not heard from again.Here's my "stupid dream" Davos sends Gendry away to Essos, and Gendry ends up in Braavos......That's possible.I'm assuming Gendry will take the place of Edric Storm. It's also entirely possible that Davos does not save him, and that Thoros or Beric tells Mel to go fuck herself and there is no "sacrifice to the flames" plot. I have a hard time believing the Brotherhood would turn over Gendry to Mel. Seems to go against what they stand for
3032	Hand of the Kingslayer	2013-04-16	I think the most interesting prospect of Mel finding Gendry will be the possible conversation between Thoros and Mel. 
See perhaps what two very different Red Priests/Priestesses think of each other and their quests. 
I somehow doubt Thoros will buy in to Stannis being Azor Ahai reborn.
3033	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-16	Here's my "stupid dream" Davos sends Gendry away to Essos, and Gendry ends up in Braavos......Don't know how that would work as Arya uses aliases while she's there. If she had interactions with people from her past it would ruin her Faceless-men-storyline. And Gendry's not interesting enough to become a POV character on the show. Maybe he'll end up as Tyrion's "squire" when he goes to Meereen, maybe he'll join the NW or maybe he'll just remain with the BWB. Who knows.
3034	NedStark2013	2013-04-16	If Thoros thinks Gendry is Roberts son. Wasn't Thoros friends with Robert. So id find it hard to believe he would be willing to burn Roberts son.
3035	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-16	That's possible.I'm assuming Gendry will take the place of Edric Storm.It's also entirely possible that Davos does not save him, and that Thoros or Beric tells Mel to go fuck herself and there is no "sacrifice to the flames" plot. I have a hard time believing the Brotherhood would turn over Gendry to Mel. Seems to go against what they stand forIf Thoros thinks Gendry is Roberts son. Wasn't Thoros friends with Robert. So id find it hard to believe he would be willing to burn Roberts son.Depends who's higher up in the church of R'Hllor. Besides, from one still I saw it looked like the only burn Gendry is going to feel from Mel is in his loins. He'll be the father of the shadow baby that takes out Balon.
3036	stanniswillwin	2013-04-16	what do people think about this in relation to Gendry being AA reborn i know that some people think is (i dont) , was it something to do with forging a sword ? i cant remember
3037	Montey14	2013-04-16	if the kill off Gendry....who will save Brienne frome Biter...i think Martin has better days coming for Gendry being that he might be the last Boratheon after all is said and done.....I don't think he'll be knocked off....
3038	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	what do people think about this in relation to Gendry being AA reborn i know that some people think is (i dont) , was it something to do with forging a sword ? i cant rememberWell, AA forges Lightbringer. Gendry is a novice smith.That's about the only similarity or reference I can see so it's pretty crackpot.
3039	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-16	It certainly seems Gendry is taking Edric's place. I'm fine with the change as long as Davos saves him and it serves as Stannis' wake-up call again.Yeah. Im ok with it too as long as the main point is the same.
3040	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	I'll be fine with the change as long as Gendry isn't killed off, but is smuggled out of Dragonstone and returned to Beric and Thoros by the end of the season. My main gripe is: would it have been that hard to cast a random child, give him two lines and introduce him as Robert's only legitimized bastard? The Mel/Gendry plot just seems to complicate things for the writers.
3041	Dove	2013-04-17	I've seen some speculation that the Mel+Gendry thing is mainly an excuse to have Melisandre and Thoros meet, and for Melly to learn a little more about a certain kiss? Dunno.
Gendry is pretty cool, it'll be interesting to see him doing new stuff. And apparently GRRM wrote the episode that has most of the Mel+Gendry stuff, so it could be important down the line.
3042	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-17	I'll be fine with the change as long as Gendry isn't killed off, but is smuggled out of Dragonstone and returned to Beric and Thoros by the end of the season. My main gripe is: would it have been that hard to cast a random child, give him two lines and introduce him as Robert's only legitimized bastard? The Mel/Gendry plot just seems to complicate things for the writers.I think perhaps they feel the audience would have more emotional investment in Gendry than a seemingly "throw away" character that has two lines then is saved.
3043	aedalia	2013-04-17	I get the logic in subbing Gendry for Edric, but Gendry has to get his arse back to the BWoB. Maybe they'll do a big rescue thing in conjunction with Davos freeing him?
3044	podrick_payne45	2013-04-17	Looking forward to seeing how the change plays out. I liked Edric Strom in the book. But i think this is fine since the actor playing Gendry is pretty good.
3045	Drogo_1	2013-04-17	As I thought more about this I decided that I would like it better if Mel brings Gendry back to dragonstone, he learns to read and write with the dead girl and davos. When Mel has Stannis convinced to burn him Davos will send him across the narrow sea in hiding where he will again meet up with Arya the assassin & ninja.
3046	Mammothsbane	2013-04-17	As I thought more about this I decided that I would like it better if Mel brings Gendry back to dragonstone, he learns to read and write with the dead girl and davos. When Mel has Stannis convinced to burn him Davos will send him across the narrow sea in hiding where he will again meet up with Arya the assassin & ninja.This is possible. I don't think the reading/writing thing will happen. Is it ever established that Davos can't read or write? It wouldn't make sense for Mel to bring Gendry back and then let him chill and learn to read and write for months. They'd want to burn him right away. The problem with this is that if Gendry is smuggled out, what's to stop Mel from just going to get him again? She's already left to find him once, why not again?
3047	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-17	I get the logic of not introducing too many bastards, but I wonder how the Davos arc will play out. In books, Davos is made Lord Hand after interview with Mel and another confrontation, where she finds that he does not approve of her, but is an absolutely loyal to Stannis. 
If the show has Stannis giving Handship to Davos in a fit of "Mel left me and I'm all alone without anyone to advise me", it would be a bit lame.
3048	Catherine Storm	2013-04-17	Lame like how Robb married Talisa just coz, and how Lady Cat releases Jaime without knowing about Bran & Rickon's *deaths* yet, am I right? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I'd like to see Gendry and Shireen become BFFs so bring it (as long as they don't burn him pls).
3049	aedalia	2013-04-17	I get the logic of not introducing too many bastards, but I wonder how the Davos arc will play out. In books, Davos is made Lord Hand after interview with Mel and another confrontation, where she finds that he does not approve of her, but is an absolutely loyal to Stannis.If the show has Stannis giving Handship to Davos in a fit of "Mel left me and I'm all alone without anyone to advise me", it would be a bit lame.For sure. I can see her influence wearing off the longer she is away from Stannis, though, if they want to imply her control over him is magical. In that time, he can start thinking and then realize Davos was loyal and it makes no sense to lock him up. By the time Mel gets back, Stannis a healthier and Davos is Hand, which leads to Gendry escaping shortly thereafter.
3050	Hand of the Kingslayer	2013-04-17	I doubt they'll kill off Gendry. I doubt they'll even bring him back to Dragonstone. Not that he plays a huge part after aria leaves the BwB (other than saving Brienne), but i still can;t see them killing him off. 
My theory is that Thoros will be the one who argues against the sacrifice of Gendry (having been good friends with Robert and all), and suggesting the leeching of the king's blood as being sufficient. Maybe Mel just brings 3 fat leeches back to dragonstone.
3051	Drogo_1	2013-04-17	The problem with this is that if Gendry is smuggled out, what's to stop Mel from just going to get him again? She's already left to find him once, why not again?Well in the books once Edric Storm leaves he's beyond Mels reach because she would have to cross continents to get him. It could be the same reason she won't be able to get to Gendry
3052	HouseLancaster	2013-04-17	I think he'll poss be killed. My hope is that Davos saves him and, I'm still on board with the idea; he meets Brienne next season and travels with her and Podrick in place of what-his-face. It works well for the TV audience (since he'll be doing it to look for Arya) and she'll need his help to identify her, plus this way both end up back in the same place with the Brotherhood, and at the mercy of LadyStone/Stark, where he saves her from Biter.
3053	Teren_Kanan	2013-04-17	Depends who's higher up in the church of R'Hllor. Besides, from one still I saw it looked like the only burn Gendry is going to feel from Mel is in his loins. He'll be the father of the shadow baby that takes out Balon.Why would a shadow baby take out Balon? Seems like that would kind of hurt the entire Greyjoy arc.
3054	crazibouncer	2013-04-17	Melisandre is going to see Bolton and ask him for 3 leeches.  That is totally what will happen.
On a serious note...I guess I am fine with Gendry tagging in for Edric, they just better not totally fuck his character over and kill him off.  A meeting between Mel and Thoros could be interesting too.
3055	victim	2013-04-17	End of the day, Gendry was a pretty minor character in the books. I did notice, however, that Joe Dempsie got promoted to series regular this season, meaning he's going to have a much larger role in the show than he ever had in the books. To be entirely honest, I always thought he was a bit of an idiot and Joe Dempsie's portrayal of his didn't really change that. I welcome a change to his storyline where he learns of his lineage and learns to act like a Lord so to speak, as Edric had. 
I don't hate the idea of Stannis releasing Davos because Melisandre has left. In order to arrive at the Stannis we all love, they need to show Davos and Melisandre fighting for his soul (so to speak) which means they both need to get equal amounts of time with him. Davos also hasn't appeared for two episodes now and I really need him back in my life.
3056	WinterWarrior	2013-04-18	I am intrigued by this story line, and wonder what the HBO writers have in store for Gendry.
1) I think he will end up going to Dragonstone and meeting Stannis.
2) I think there is a good chance Mel will want to make a shadowbaby with him since Stannis' "fires are low"
3) Gendry may refuse and end up in the dungeons with Davos
4) I think Davos will either save Gendry, or Stannis will have the sense to realize that Gendry may end up being the only Baratheon left... particularly if Shireen dies of Grayscale.  But we have not seen Shireen yet in the HBO series.
By the end of the series I think Gendry may be the only Baratheon left and Stannis as a king can legitimize him before Stannis dies. I hope Gendry and Arya end up together.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 18 April 2013 - 11:17 AM.
3057	Mammothsbane	2013-04-18	I am intrigued by this story line, and wonder what the HBO writers have in store for Gendry.1) I think he will end up going to Dragonstone and meeting Stannis.2) I think there is a good chance Mel will want to make a shadowbaby with him since Stannis' "fires are low"3) Gendry may refuse and end up in the dungeons with Davos4) I think Davos will either save Gendry, or Stannis will have the sense to realize that Gendry may end up being the only Baratheon left... particularly if Shireen dies of Grayscale.  But we have not seen Shireen yet in the HBO series.By the end of the series I think Gendry may be the only Baratheon left and Stannis as a king can legitimize him before Stannis dies. I hope Gendry and Arya end up together.I figure they'll just try and sacrifice him to "wake the stone dragon" in the books. I don't think Stannis is down for Mel gettin freaky with other dudes.Arya and (legitimized) Gendry together would be interesting since, in the first novel, the joining of Stark/Baratheon is what kicked off the entire series.
3058	BananaSpice	2013-04-13	Might as well get this posted early, since I KNOW I'll want to discuss the events from this episode.
Getting ready for Alfie Allen to give me my weekly dose of heartbreak /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3059	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-13	I second this thread (good idea Jenthehen) I'll want to talk about Theon and his progressing storyline after ep3 as well.
3060	Chuck88	2013-04-13	I can't wait, yet can't bear to watch at the same time /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3061	Nezzer	2013-04-13	I can't wait, yet can't bear to watch at the same time /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Well, I can. I love watching extreme torture scenes. I'm a bit of a sadist, really /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3062	Newstar	2013-04-13	I loved that shot from the 3x03 promo (used in season trailers as well) of the two horses leaping in unison carrying archers. Should be good!
3063	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-13	Oh god my poor baby Theon /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3064	BananaSpice	2013-04-13	Well, I can. I love watching extreme torture scenes. I'm a bit of a sadist, really /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I have such confusing and conflicting feelings about all this season three stuff w/ Theon ... I mean, it breaks my heart b/c I love Theon to death, but I'm also a bit of a masochist, and Iwan Rheon is reasonably attractive, so it's kind of the "scared and horny" thing -  http://ic.pics.livej...71_original.gif /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3065	alwayswinter	2013-04-13	"What do you want?"
"I want to do this"
As soon as that guy grabbed his finger, i was half-shielding my eyes.
3066	BananaSpice	2013-04-13	"What do you want?""I want to do this"As soon as that guy grabbed his finger, i was half-shielding my eyes.Oh yeah, that was too much for even me ... the foot thing wasn't so bad for some reason, though. But UGH under the fingernails nyuuuuuu!!!!
3067	go joff go	2013-04-13	Leave Theon Alooooooooooooooooooone!!!!!
3068	moonsblood	2013-04-13	Theon's arc is what I'm most looking forward to this season.  Alfie is killing it!
3069	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-13	"What do you want?""I want to do this"As soon as that guy grabbed his finger, i was half-shielding my eyes.And they're just starting. How much more if they'll show the flaying? I don't even want to imagine how painful it is in real life. Ugh!
3070	moonsblood	2013-04-13	I have such confusing and conflicting feelings about all this season three stuff w/ Theon ... I mean, it breaks my heart b/c I love Theon to death, but I'm also a bit of a masochist, and Iwan Rheon is reasonably attractive, so it's kind of the "scared and horny" thing -  http://ic.pics.livej...71_original.gif /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Iwan is a regulation hottie, and Alfie ain't too bad himself.  As fucked up as this sounds lol I'm really looking forward to their "relationship".
3071	Ser Luke.	2013-04-13	I know I'm going to continue to love his story this season, but I hope they don't rush it too much. They have at LEAST three seasons for all his DWD material, no need to cram it all in Season 3.
3072	franko99	2013-04-13	I have conflicted feelings about Theon's story, he's one of my favorite characters, and I really feel sorry for him, his chapters in ADWD really break my heart, but thats only AFTER all he has going through (show Theon still have to suffer in order to get my sympathy as book Theon did). I have no problem with torture/gore, and his transformation to reek in one of the things I'm looking forward this seasonIwan is a regulation hottie, and Alfie ain't too bad himself.  As fucked up as this sounds lol I'm really looking forward to their "relationship".I'm already dreading the Theon/Ramsay shipping in tumblr /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
					
					
							Edited by franko99, 13 April 2013 - 08:43 PM.
3073	Dove	2013-04-13	Alfie Allen ended up being a way better actor than I thought he would be. He's going to be utterly heart-breaking as Reek.
3074	Words of Winter	2013-04-14	I know I'm going to continue to love his story this season, but I hope they don't rush it too much. They have at LEAST three seasons for all his DWD material, no need to cram it all in Season 3.  Partially agree.  They can show his progression into Reek over two seasons. Three may be too much, as I think a lot of book 4 and 5 will be left on the editing floor.  No one wants to just watch torture scenes, unless you're a sick little puppy.
3075	irenadel	2013-04-14	I have such confusing and conflicting feelings about all this season three stuff w/ Theon ... I mean, it breaks my heart b/c I love Theon to death, but I'm also a bit of a masochist, and Iwan Rheon is reasonably attractive, so it's kind of the "scared and horny" thing -  http://ic.pics.livej...71_original.gif /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />>_> Awwww man I hear you. This smexy!actor!Ramsay is doing horrible things to my karma...
3076	irenadel	2013-04-14	I know I'm going to continue to love his story this season, but I hope they don't rush it too much. They have at LEAST three seasons for all his DWD material, no need to cram it all in Season 3.Well, to be fair, a lot of what we see of Reek in DWD is kind of flashbackish or memoryish or even impliedish... none of which would translate well into the screen I think. The impact Reek manages to achieve in the books is due to how much of the horribleness is past. It's done with. Theon has been destroyed. You read his thoughts and ask yourself, how can this be the cocky little shit I used to know?But in TV... I don't know. I just can't see a guy standing there and remembering to be very powerful. I'm sure a great director can pull it off... but why make things harder? If they include the Reek transformation there's still plenty of "action" and "plot" left for later seasons.
3077	Dove	2013-04-14	Is anyone else really curious if they'll work Lady Hornwood or the Kyra escape story in these next couple of seasons? Although it looks like we're getting something pretty similar to Kyra happening in these first couple of episodes, just with Ramsay taking a more hands-on approach. I'm wondering how Jeyne Poole will work in the story too, if it'll be an existing character or someone already established, but that's pretty far in the future to idly speculate on.Partially agree.  They can show his progression into Reek over two seasons. Three may be too much, as I think a lot of book 4 and 5 will be left on the editing floor.  No one wants to just watch torture scenes, unless you're a sick little puppy.Well, people seem to adore Ramsay simply because Iwan Rheon is cute and people who legit ship Theon/Ramsay exist so uh I'm sure that's what a lot of (goofy people on the internet) people want unfortunately, good thing they're mostly a weird minorityI understand why they can't do it but part of what made the Theon as Reek reveal so powerful was that we hadn't seen anything from his perspective in two long books, and many a year if you got into the series before ADWD. Then Reek's first chapter pops up and he's eating rats and making up weird little rhymes and it's like "Holy shit, is that- is that Theon??" It'll be interesting to get a glimpse of what poor Theon goes through, anyway.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 14 April 2013 - 04:03 AM.
3078	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-14	I always pictured lady Hornwood as Gina MckeeI'd like to see the Hornwood story line dropped in, its an important part of Ramsays character and there is plenty of time.It will give Iwan more screen time too
3079	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	I bet they won't just show torture/gore over and over ... sprinkling some throughout the season, mixed with a variety of Ramsay character building should work to set up enough sympathy for Theon, tbh. I mean, I definitely want enough material to keep Alfie heavily in this season and next ... but they can start with early ADWD stuff by mid fourth season, surely (since ADWD and AFFC both begin around the same time) - like Moat Cailin (or something like it) to show his "devotion" to Ramsay, etc. and then all the fake wedding and creepy stuff w/ Roose to follow.
3080	Er Rn	2013-04-14	Theon's arc is what I'm most looking forward to this season.  Alfie is killing it!Agree! He was the best part of season 2 IMO and I can't wait to watch him continue to develop as Theon.
3081	shiola	2013-04-14	I'm rewatching the series with someone who has never seen it.  We just started season 2 and he doesn't ever remember Theon and he doesn't get why I appreciate him.  It's so hard not to spoil anything.  Seething Theon love/hate/too many feels, from me. <3  I don't want to watch this week's episode.
3082	Daenerys Must Die	2013-04-14	I'm rewatching the series with someone who has never seen it.  We just started season 2 and he doesn't ever remember Theon and he doesn't get why I appreciate him.  It's so hard not to spoil anything.  Seething Theon love/hate/too many feels, from me. <3  I don't want to watch this week's episode.I'm doing the same with a few friends of mine (we are just starting season 2 now - I'd like to get them caught up to at least start watching season 3 by the 6th or 7th episode) and I'm experiencing that same issue.. I think once he heads off to Pyke in season 2 they'll get a better understanding of his background (they didn't understand the animosity between he and Catelyn as well as the standoffish manner Jon has towards him) I suppose this is probably the case with most non book-readers and I found myself trying to explain the background of it as to why he's a ward to the Stark's but there's far too much history (i.e Balon's rebellion etc.) to try and explain without overloading people with information; at the same time they're simultaneously trying to get a grasp of all of the different characters that are being thrown at them.As far as the Theon stuff - It's definitely what I was most anticipating in season 3 simply because I think Iwan will do a good job at making people hate him (I hope that DnD are doing this in order to build up another character you despise since we will be losing one in the next year or so of the show presumably) At the same time it gives book readers a bit of extra insight into what was only indirectly reflected upon in the book.My guess is Ramsay will reveal himself tonight after he gives Theon a horse and has him flee.. Since it's a very minor subplot I'm not sure we'll get to see the 'hunt' until next week but it's a good break from some of the other storylines and DnD trying to just cram Tyrion in for the hell of it in scenes that really accomplish nothing in terms of plot development.
3083	shiola	2013-04-14	I have such confusing and conflicting feelings about all this season three stuff w/ Theon ... I mean, it breaks my heart b/c I love Theon to death, but I'm also a bit of a masochist, and Iwan Rheon is reasonably attractive, so it's kind of the "scared and horny" thing -  http://ic.pics.livej...71_original.gif /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Masochism has nothing to do with liking watching people getting tortured.
3084	Dove	2013-04-14	Yeah, can we please just have a normal discussion about the progression of Theon's and Ramsay's story/character without people dragging in their goofy kinks involving fictional characters? I'm really not trying to be an ass (and probably failing) - I don't care what gets people going, but there's so many more interesting things to discuss than ~~ooh ramsay-chan so hawt~~. Tumblr's that way.
3085	shiola	2013-04-14	I'm already dreading the Theon/Ramsay shipping in tumblr /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />I know.  People are going to be using torture and rape as a way to sexualize their relationship.  There will probably be "Theon gets raped and he likes it" fics, which is utterly disgusting and is the opposite of what the Theon/Ramsay storyline is there for.  I mean, I'm an avid shipper in my fandoms, but Theon/Ramsay crosses lines I do not believe should be crossed.  I have to give up on the Theon tag on Tumblr at this point.  It's all people saying he's getting what he deserves, that it should be done worse to him, or that ALFIE LOOKS SO HOT WITH HIS SHIRT OFF OMG I AM SO TERRIBLE FOR THINKING THIS LOL BUT ITS TRUE~!!!1!!1.  I don't know which three of those statements is the worst, tbqh.Alfie Allen ended up being a way better actor than I thought he would be. He's going to be utterly heart-breaking as Reek.I agree 10000%.  He's just incredible.  I wouldn't feel for Theon nearly as much if his acting was not so perfect.
3086	Darkstar For King	2013-04-14	I wonder if they'll prove the "Theon has no penis" theory in the show. 
His arc is one of my favourites this season, I'm sure Alfie will be great!
3087	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-14	I know.  People are going to be using torture and rape as a way to sexualize their relationship.  There will probably be "Theon gets raped and he likes it" fics, which is utterly disgusting and is the opposite of what the Theon/Ramsay storyline is there for.  I mean, I'm an avid shipper in my fandoms, but Theon/Ramsay crosses lines I do not believe should be crossed.  I have to give up on the Theon tag on Tumblr at this point.  It's all people saying he's getting what he deserves, that it should be done worse to him, or that ALFIE LOOKS SO HOT WITH HIS SHIRT OFF OMG I AM SO TERRIBLE FOR THINKING THIS LOL BUT ITS TRUE~!!!1!!1.  I don't know which three of those statements is the worstThis exactly. If Theon was female this situation would be extremely, extremely different. It's pathetic that anyone could think like this merely because he is a man. Rape and torture are not things to cheer about in any circumstances. These people should be held accountable for the utter shit they say. Could you imagine a Tumblr reaction to a man being all excited about the rape of a woman on TV and how hot she looked when she was getting raped?
3088	Talbot	2013-04-14	My viewer buddies who haven't read the books are intrigued by Theon's arc, which is great.
3089	shiola	2013-04-14	I wonder if they'll prove the "Theon has no penis" theory in the show.His arc is one of my favourites this season, I'm sure Alfie will be great!I never thought he didn't have a penis.  I thought Ramsay just flayed the skin off it to the point he couldn't use it because it's deformed or too painful to use or something.  But him not having one makes much more sense.
3090	Dove	2013-04-14	Goddamn tumblr is part of the reason why I wish they'd cast someone else for Ramsay instead of Iwan Rheon even though I love him to pieces. If they'd casted an ugly bastard that totally matched his book description I doubt he'd have less "fans". Either way the sexualization that some people percieve in such a monstrous, abusive, viscerally horrifying relationship is missing the point so hard it makes me wonder how these people even read the books in the first place and how hard they're ignoring the source material. ANYWAY...There's a few quotes that support the complete absense of a penis like "I have no-" and "Like he took that other thing, too" but it seems like this could point to mutilation, too, and it seems perfectly in-character for Ramsay to do so. I think at one point he taunts him, saying something like "are your breeches getting tight?" and then Theon thinks he dares not have sex with the wildling woman, rather than he can't - a little odd. I think we can all agree that either possibility is still horrific though.
3091	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-14	Goddamn tumblr is part of the reason why I wish they'd cast someone else for Ramsay instead of Iwan Rheon even though I love him to pieces. If they'd casted an ugly bastard that totally matched his book description I doubt he'd have less "fans". Either way the sexualization that some people percieve in such a monstrous, abusive, viscerally horrifying relationship is missing the point so hard it makes me wonder how these people even read the books in the first place and how hard they're ignoring the source material. ANYWAY...There's a few quotes that support the complete absense of a penis like "I have no-" and "Like he took that other thing, too" but it seems like this could point to mutilation, too, and it seems perfectly in-character for Ramsay to do so. I think at one point he taunts him, saying something like "are your breeches getting tight?" and then Theon thinks he dares not have sex with the wildling woman, rather than he can't - a little odd. I think we can all agree that either possibility is still horrific though.Thank you! I'm a fan of Ramsay from a literary perspective and the general unpredictable nature of his character (the final Theon chapter of ACoK STILL gives me a sinister feeling of dread with what Ramsay manages to do) but this "Oh I wish he'd flay me! He's so darkly misunderstood and sexy!!!" non-sense speaks to the lowest level of vapid fangirl-ism there is. You simply miss the point, and if ever put in a situation with a real Ramsay you'd wish for a very quick death.That said, this storyline is the one I'm most looking forward to and have been since S1.
					
					
							Edited by Bolton's Bastard, 14 April 2013 - 06:02 PM.
3092	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	Masochism has nothing to do with liking watching people getting tortured.Please. Just take your judgment elsewhere. It was simply an offhanded comment. The anti-shipping brigade for Ramsay/Theon is kind of absurd with unfounded beliefs and is oozing with self-righteousness. Very few people are looking at this as a healthy/normal relationship and we certainly don't condone real life abuse or rape. It's a work of fiction - not real. If seeing good looking Alfie Allen on a torture cross is a bit exciting, there's nothing wrong with that - we know that he's not actually being hurt. Even if his acting is so good that it breaks our hearts and makes us feel sorry for his character. I think this whole "Oh, we love Ramsay, please flay/torture me!" thing is a figment of people's imagination or they are missing some tongue-in-cheek joke.But seriously, I'm not really here to discuss that. I just want to discuss Theon's arc in season 3 (particularly in this episode) and how they are handling it / if there will be changes / additions / subtractions / etc. How they are going to handle Ramsay's character / Bolton background information, etc.EDIT: that being said, I get REALLY angry at people who say that Theon deserves the torture. That is absolutely not true at all. Nobody deserves that. Also, it is aggravating when people talk about how they wouldn't break / would escape / somehow kill themselves / etc ... b/c how could you even comprehend being in that situation?
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 14 April 2013 - 06:16 PM.
3093	greatgeek	2013-04-14	Is anyone else really curious if they'll work Lady Hornwood or the Kyra escape story in these next couple of seasons? Although it looks like we're getting something pretty similar to Kyra happening in these first couple of episodes, just with Ramsay taking a more hands-on approach. I'm wondering how Jeyne Poole will work in the story too, if it'll be an existing character or someone already established, but that's pretty far in the future to idly speculate on.Next season. IIRC Wyman Manderly was involved in that somehow so they could introduce him, or at least mention him (and perhaps some of the other lords from ADWD), before the Davos scenes in season 5.
3094	Dove	2013-04-14	Calling it an "anti-shipping brigade" is attributing a lot more care than most of us probably have, and uh I don't think it's that self-righteous to say "Whoa being all that excited or aroused by the literal destruction of a man's body, mind, soul, and entire identity through systematic and brutal torture is a little weird." It is weird, and just because a lot of insular fandom-y communities like tumblr condone that kind of thing doesn't make it not, fictional characters or no. Especially when it goes back to the kind of stuff Vis mentioned, the "this character totally enjoys the rape and torture!!". Euughh.Theon's arc is one of the most meaningful and tragic arcs that GRRM's ever written, if not the most, and it's so goofy and surreal to see it reduced to "whoa hawt."@ Bolton's BastardRamsay is definitely my favorite villain of GRRM's, he's so bizarrely compelling. At first he seems like such a cartoonish, one-dimensional representation of evil, but the further you read into the text the more layers there are. He's one of those utterly psychotic, absolutely love-to-hate wildly unpredictable madman kind of villains and in that way he's really enjoyable as a character.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 14 April 2013 - 06:47 PM.
3095	shiola	2013-04-14	Please. Just take your judgment elsewhere.(shortened the quote for length) My judgement?  Jesus, calm down.  You used the term masochism incorrectly.  From the way I understood your post, you were looking for the term "sadism".  That's all I meant.  And I agree with huntington here, 100%.  It's not an anti-shipping brigade, and it's not self-righteous.  Sadism and masochism in the confines of a healthy/consenting relationship aren't a problem and it's nothing I judge.  That's not what the Theon/Ramsay relationship is.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 14 April 2013 - 06:57 PM.
3096	shiola	2013-04-14	There's a few quotes that support the complete absense of a penis like "I have no-" and "Like he took that other thing, too" but it seems like this could point to mutilation, too, and it seems perfectly in-character for Ramsay to do so. I think at one point he taunts him, saying something like "are your breeches getting tight?" and then Theon thinks he dares not have sex with the wildling woman, rather than he can't - a little odd. I think we can all agree that either possibility is still horrific though.I have no idea why I thought he still had one, based on those quotes.  Obviously it's gone.  Thank you for the quotes.
3097	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	Calling it an "anti-shipping brigade" is attributing a lot more care than most of us probably have, and uh I don't think it's that self-righteous to say "Whoa being all that excited or aroused by the literal destruction of a man's body, mind, soul, and entire identity through systematic and brutal torture is a little weird." It is weird, and just because a lot of insular fandom-y communities like tumblr condone that kind of thing doesn't make it not, fictional characters or no. Especially when it goes back to the kind of stuff Vis mentioned, the "this character totally enjoys the rape and torture!!". Euughh.Theon's arc is one of the most meaningful and tragic arcs that GRRM's ever written, if not the most, and it's so goofy and surreal to see it reduced to "whoa hawt."I completely agree, but I'm not going to judge anyone for their kinks. For most, it's probably just certain *aspects* of the situation that might trigger a bit of excitement ... certainly not every detail. *shrugs* I mean, whatever floats your boat.(shortened the quote for length) My judgement?  Jesus, calm down.  You used the term masochism incorrectly.  From the way I understood your post, you were looking for the term "sadism".  That's all I meant.  And I agree with huntington here, 100%.  It's not an anti-shipping brigade, and it's not self-righteous.  Sadism and masochism in the confines of a healthy/consenting relationship aren't a problem and it's nothing I judge.  That's not what the Theon/Ramsay relationship is.Sorry to be on the defense, but I've seen A LOT of this same sentiment ALL OVER the internet lately. I also did mean masochist, I def know the difference ... it can go both ways with seeing things depicted on screen / in lit.
3098	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-14	And I agree with huntington here, 100%.  It's not an anti-shipping brigade, and it's not self-righteous.  Sadism and masochism in the confines of a healthy/consenting relationship aren't a problem and it's nothing I judge.  That's not what the Theon/Ramsay relationship is.While reading some of these posts, like yourself I get an overwhelming sense that there are people who feel as if Ramsay and Theon have some sort of mutual relationship. They don't. Theon is Ramsay's dog, the only thing Theon wants is for the nightmare to end, even if it means being put out of his misery, while Ramsay seeks to dehumanize Theon as much as possible and erase that arrogant boy forever while indulging in his savage delights.I'm into my share of kink, even BDSM. Though I do find it interesting that people can interpret an unhealthy relationship so incorrectly and attribute positive qualities to it.
3099	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-14	Sorry to be on the defense, but I've seen A LOT of this same sentiment ALL OVER the internet lately. I also did mean masochist, I def know the difference ... it can go both ways with seeing things depicted on screen / in lit.I love when Harry Potter fangirls get into ASoIaF.
3100	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	I love when Harry Potter fangirls get into ASoIaF.Err ... what?In let's be adults here topics, I'm wondering whether Ramsay will reveal himself (if not as "Ramsay" as one of the torturers) tonight or in the next episode. Then I wonder if Alfie/Iwan will not be in the show for a few episodes (like until during or after the RW).
3101	iheartseverus	2013-04-14	Its already the world's worst kept secret that the torturer is Ramsay.  Even the Unsullied (non-book readers) over at TWoP have already figured it out.
3102	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	Its already the world's worst kept secret that the torturer is Ramsay.  Even the Unsullied (non-book readers) over at TWoP have already figured it out.That's probably fairly unique to show-watchers who obsess / think a lot about the story / discuss it online. I'm pretty sure my husband hasn't given it a thought, lol.
3103	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-14	Err ... what?In let's be adults here topics, I'm wondering whether Ramsay will reveal himself (if not as "Ramsay" as one of the torturers) tonight or in the next episode. Then I wonder if Alfie/Iwan will not be in the show for a few episodes (like until during or after the RW).Get dem tumblr filters ready. Lots of slow motion shots of Ramsay giving Theon long, loving looks and vice versa. Perhaps with the caption "He flays me because he cares" in Olde English font.
					
					
							Edited by Bolton's Bastard, 14 April 2013 - 07:54 PM.
3104	Dove	2013-04-14	Yeah, the unsullied are the outliers more than anything because they're either bookwalkers or they fanatically analyze every frame. Most of the guys and gals I watch with are either assured that Theon is with the ironborn, think the bastard is the torturor and he's working alone/against his father for some reason, or think Locke is the bastard(?? haha that one's my favorite)Get dem tumblr filters ready. Lots of slow motion shots of Ramsay giving Theon long, loving looks and vice versa. Perhaps with the caption "He flays me because he cares" in Olde English font.Hahahaha.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 14 April 2013 - 07:56 PM.
3105	shiola	2013-04-14	I'm sorry Jenthehen, I misunderstood.  All better now.
I think ramsay may reveal himself the end of this episode and then Theon will be MIA for a while, to leave a cliffhanger wondering if he died?  I'm not sure.
3106	Jslay427	2013-04-14	Still no official Ramsay stuff
3107	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	lolol my husband thinks that Iwan is a Stark now b/c he said "Winter is Coming" ... oh my poor sweet summer child.
3108	Nikos Targaryen	2013-04-14	Still no official Ramsay stuffReally?Soldier-(Looks at boy with bow) "You little Bastard...""Boy"- (shoots him)
3109	ViennaGirl	2013-04-14	Knowing how this arc goes and actually seeing it on screen are two different things. I find it very hard to watch. It will be interesting to see how such a nice-seeming Ramsay will be able to completely destroy Theon - I picture Ramsay as a foaming at the mouth psychopath (which I guess we may see later...). Loved the dying soldier calling Ramsay "you bastard."
3110	Montey14	2013-04-14	so the guy that the "boy " shoots inthe face....was the the original Reek??.....the dude that wanted to rape Theon....
3111	Batavian	2013-04-14	Loved the dying soldier calling Ramsay "you bastard."Ah...I missed that. Nice observation.
3112	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	Knowing how this arc goes and actually seeing it on screen are two different things. I find it very hard to watch. It will be interesting to see how such a nice-seeming Ramsay will be able to completely destroy Theon - I picture Ramsay as a foaming at the mouth psychopath (which I guess we may see later...). Loved the dying soldier calling Ramsay "you bastard."I totally agree. It's extremely uncomfortable to watch ... like ... watching someone slowly start to fall / hurt themselves and not be able to do anything to stop it.From what I've seen/heard, Iwan Rheon can do crazy ... but so far he just looks super cute and dashing in his cool cape and mad archery skills. lol ... it's going to be a shock for non-readers.
3113	Darth Pipes	2013-04-14	Knowing how this arc goes and actually seeing it on screen are two different things. I find it very hard to watch. It will be interesting to see how such a nice-seeming Ramsay will be able to completely destroy Theon - I picture Ramsay as a foaming at the mouth psychopath (which I guess we may see later...). Loved the dying soldier calling Ramsay "you bastard."Rod Serling would probably describe it as "You're looking at act one of a nightmare."  That's a good way to describe Theon's storyline.  But I think they're doing a really good job with it.
3114	go joff go	2013-04-14	I LOVE how they are doing Theon's stuff.  Ramsey saying Winter is Coming was just too funny.
3115	Lady Arwen	2013-04-14	There was so much tension in that hunting scene. Brilliant! And I agree that Ramsay throwing in that "Winter is coming" line was precious.
Alfie is really knocking his performance out of the park so far this season.
3116	TheBastardofBluegrass	2013-04-14	Really?Soldier-(Looks at boy with bow) "You little Bastard...""Boy"- (shoots him)I thought that indicator was clear as a bell, I don't think the pursuer who was shot point blank was Reek though, I think Reek is already either already dead and will be talked about on-screen, or killed/tortured in front of Theon over the duration of a few episodes...which leads to Theon adopting the personality/role becoming schizo as is implied in the books.  Clearly though Ramsay is fostering a false sense of trust with Theon which will very soon be completely shattered, like what happened in ACoK.
					
					
							Edited by TheBastardofBluegrass, 14 April 2013 - 09:58 PM.
3117	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-14	WOW really loved the Theon stuff, Alfie is just beasting on his role. Although the fact dreadfort men rape runaways give me a strange feeling that Ramsay likes a bit of butt rape too.
3118	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-14	There was so much tension in that hunting scene. Brilliant! And I agree that Ramsay throwing in that "Winter is coming" line was precious.Alfie is really knocking his performance out of the park so far this season.Agreed. Did anyone else notice that when Ramsay told Theon we're not in the Iron Islands he looked confused? Maybe it was just a weird face.
3119	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-14	One of the best scenes in this episode is Theon's, I say. That hunting scene is wickedly awesome. Theon have found his unfortunate buddy, Ramsay or "Boy" whatever.
Really love this one. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3120	jobmartell	2013-04-14	Not how I pictured the bastard in my head but whatever. The " you little bastard" line was sick!
3121	Anarchosaurus Rex	2013-04-14	I think that the "you little bastard" line, in addition to Ramsay's pleasure in staging escapes for his captives, is a strong indicator that this stranger is Ramsay.
The preview for next week's episode looked strange. Where is "Ramsay" leading Theon? Ramsay may have a proclivity for staged manhunts, but they were never this elaborate. Hopefully, Ramsay is luring Theon into some kind of trap.
After the recent cast interview in which Sophie Turner claimed that book readers would be "super-shocked" by some of this season's changes, I am nervous about Theon's storyline. HBO failed miserably at introducing Ramsay last season, because of which the raze of Winterfell was robbed of all drama. Show viewers still do not know what happened at Winterfell, and now they will only learn verbally instead of visually. The raze of Winterfell was so confusing and awkward that many of the show viewers I know have actually forgotten it ever happened. I do not blame them.
3122	The Storm King	2013-04-14	he deserves it so im okay with it
3123	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	he deserves it so im okay with itsmh
3124	Dove	2013-04-14	They're really playing up Ramsay as an almost heroic figure - that's definitely going to make the revelation of his true nature shocking.
Jesus H. Christ, that hunting scene. It was every bit as tense as Sansa during the riot of King's Landing last season. Goddamn, Theon. My roommate nearly started crying and she literally cheered at the first arrow and "Winter is Coming". This is gonna hit her hard, hahaha.
3125	Head of The Ned	2013-04-14	I loved that "You little bastard" line and of course Ramsay saying "winter is coming" I'm sure some viewers think he is a Stark loyalist.
So clearly those weren't the "Bastard's Boys" Who the hell were they? Just some random Dreadfort men?
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 14 April 2013 - 10:38 PM.
3126	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	I loved that "You little bastard" line and of course Ramsay saying "winter is coming" I'm sure some viewers think he is a Stark loyalistOf course why a Stark loyalist would be helping Theon at this point would be an entirely different question...
3127	Head of The Ned	2013-04-14	Of course why a Stark loyalist would be helping Theon at this point would be an entirely different question...Sent by Robb to bring Theon back to him so he could kill him?
3128	wolverine	2013-04-14	Ramsay looks too kind.  I view him as a beady eyed maniac, but maybe this look will work better.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 14 April 2013 - 10:49 PM.
3129	iheartseverus	2013-04-14	Ramsay looks too kind.  I view him as a beady eyed maniac, but maybe this look will work better.Indeed.Exactly.Mind-Fuck.Ramsay-Fun.
3130	Harrad	2013-04-14	Just to be clear...all the soldiers killed were sacrificed by Bolton in his elaborate game to trick Theon?
3131	Warden of the North121	2013-04-14	Just to be clear...all the soldiers killed were sacrificed by Bolton in his elaborate game to trick Theon?Those men were wearing ironborn armor/clothing. Was it some sort of outpost they have set up?
3132	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-14	Just to be clear...all the soldiers killed were sacrificed by Bolton in his elaborate game to trick Theon?...It looks like it?
3133	Dove	2013-04-14	I think they're just Bolton men. They probably killed the ironborn and took their stuff to further add to the atmosphere of confusion and disorientation for Theon.
3134	Harrad	2013-04-14	So the answer to my queston would be "yes"...Did Bolton make this sacrifice in the book...memory hazy...
3135	Warden of the North121	2013-04-14	I think they're just Bolton men. They probably killed the ironborn and took their stuff to further add to the atmosphere of confusion and disorientation for Theon.this makes sense. I wouldn't put it past Ramsay slaying some of his men just to have a little more "fun" with Theon.
3136	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-14	"I'm going to fuck you into the dirt..." pretty sure that's an exact quote from either Ramsay or Reek (then again, I don't think we ever see the real Reek in a PoV) in the book, but I can't remember from where. I distinctly remember someone saying that after spitting into their hand.Also "you little bastard..." was a masterful touch.
					
					
							Edited by Bolton's Bastard, 14 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
3137	HouseHarrison	2013-04-14	"You little bastard". Indeed
3138	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-14	Iwan Rweon can play sadistic easily. Misfits fans adored him as Simon but even there he had elements of "not quite right" to his character. Like when he killed the probation worker and kept her body in a freezer and kept it company.I think Iwan's the kind of actor that can disappear into a character. When he really reveals himself he's going to be shudder inducing i can just see it. The casting has been too on point for the most part for that, not to happen. I could easily see him being Bastard of Bolton and the reveal is going to be EPIC for people that aren't clued in just yet.The threat of rape thing with the men following him was foreshadowing...I suspect( I hope not but this is Ramsay, he uses Reek as his pet but I could easily see him using him as a sex toy also...ICK! Poor Theon /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />...and this is the same network that aired Os. The whole time i was watching that I was like...RUN FOOL! RUN FOR YOUR LIIIIIIIFEE! My friend and I actually started whimpering with fear when they took his pants off /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> (NO! Don't rape him!)Theon must be out of it, because why does he not think to wonder why this mysterious person is helping him? So much mindfuck going on with this arc! "Boy" is leading him somewhere...but where to and why?
3139	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-14	Oh yeah, that was too much for even me ... the foot thing wasn't so bad for some reason, though. But UGH under the fingernails nyuuuuuu!!!!This scene was so tame in comparision to when Sayid tortured Sawyer in Lost with bamboo under his fingernails /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3140	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	Iwan Rweon can play sadistic easily. Misfits fans adored him as Simon but even there he had elements of "not quite right" to his character. Like when he killed the probation worker and kept her body in a freezer and kept it company.I think Iwan's the kind of actor that can disappear into a character. When he really reveals himself he's going to be shudder inducing i can just see it. The casting has been too on point for the most part for that, not to happen. I could easily see him being Bastard of Bolton and the reveal is going to be EPIC for people that aren't clued in just yet.The threat of rape thing with the men following him was foreshadowing...I suspect( I hope not but this is Ramsay, he uses Reek as his pet but I could easily see him using him as a sex toy also...ICK! Poor Theon /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />...and this is the same network that aired Os. The whole time i was watching that I was like...RUN FOOL! RUN FOR YOUR LIIIIIIIFEE! My friend and I actually started whimpering with fear when they took his pants off /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> (NO! Don't rape him!)Theon must be out of it, because why does he not think to wonder why this mysterious person is helping him?So much mindfuck going on with this arc! "Boy" is leading him somewhere...but where to and why?Yeah, the rape thing seemed kind of random, like ... I realize that rape is not about sex or sexuality, but apparently Boltons punish runaways by raping them regardless of gender? I mean, ok, yeah, they are twisted fuckers, but it still seems a bit out there.I think Theon is just so frickin' desperate and is clinging to the hope that his sister actually sent this man to help him. I mean, what else is he supposed to do? "No thanks, I'll just stay here on this cross..." lol
3141	Harrad	2013-04-14	The line "you little bastard" means that Boy is Bolton's Bastard. He kill four of his own men to lead Theon on. Seems wasteful.
3142	Dysun	2013-04-14	It's all part of the game, will make the reveal more impactful
3143	Nezzer	2013-04-14	Oh man, Ramsay is the biggest troll in Westeros /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
3144	Coldhands' Elk	2013-04-15	Ramsay you magnificent piece of shit.
3145	Dove	2013-04-15	The rape element makes sense when you keep Ramsay's hobbies in mind and consider the fact that Roose is not there. The bastard and his Boys are playing out a demented version of Home Alone or Risky Business or something while The Boss is away.The line "you little bastard" means that Boy is Bolton's Bastard. He kill four of his own men to lead Theon on. Seems wasteful.It really is but that's how Ramsay rolls /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />They're definitely doing this in a weird, interesting way
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 12:03 AM.
3146	Stark Winds	2013-04-15	Iwan Rweon can play sadistic easily. Misfits fans adored him as Simon but even there he had elements of "not quite right" to his character. Like when he killed the probation worker and kept her body in a freezer and kept it company.I think Iwan's the kind of actor that can disappear into a character. When he really reveals himself he's going to be shudder inducing i can just see it. The casting has been too on point for the most part for that, not to happen. I could easily see him being Bastard of Bolton and the reveal is going to be EPIC for people that aren't clued in just yet.The threat of rape thing with the men following him was foreshadowing...I suspect( I hope not but this is Ramsay, he uses Reek as his pet but I could easily see him using him as a sex toy also...ICK! Poor Theon /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />...and this is the same network that aired Os. The whole time i was watching that I was like...RUN FOOL! RUN FOR YOUR LIIIIIIIFEE! My friend and I actually started whimpering with fear when they took his pants off /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> (NO! Don't rape him!)Theon must be out of it, because why does he not think to wonder why this mysterious person is helping him?So much mindfuck going on with this arc! "Boy" is leading him somewhere...but where to and why?That is going to be one of the most horrifying yet fascinating points of these next few seasons I think. I mean sure, RW, Jaime's hand, Ned's beheading...all these horrific things that happen are terrible, but that all happened for a clear reason. Sure, Ramsay keeping Theon prisoner works politically in his favor...but the torture is completely unnecessary, and only happens because Ramsey enjoys it. Here's the monster that is worse than Joffrey. Yes I totally agree that Iwan Rheon will nail this character, like to the point that he's going to make Joffrey look like a harmless, but fussy puppy. I just wish that he isn't so freaking good looking! xD All I could think about when I saw him was just how freaking awesome he looks in GoT gear. Then I saw him and Theon together and then realized that I should not tumblr either Theon or Ramsay in the future, lest I want to gouge my eyes out. (Oh god, just saw a Joffrey and Ramsay picture. Must get off tumblr now.)Yeah, the rape thing seemed kind of random, like ... I realize that rape is not about sex or sexuality, but apparently Boltons punish runaways by raping them regardless of gender? I mean, ok, yeah, they are twisted fuckers, but it still seems a bit out there.I think Theon is just so frickin' desperate and is clinging to the hope that his sister actually sent this man to help him. I mean, what else is he supposed to do? "No thanks, I'll just stay here on this cross..." lolit really does seem out there, and I don't think he ever did in the books (which is another thing I definitely don't want to be reading/seeing/hearing about between Ramsay and Theon if it canonically never happened--but I wouldn't put it past him to do something like that. (Although I hope that it's not true. Ramsay's torturing Theon enough with the flaying and cutting off fingers and toes, and breaking teeth, and possible extensive genital mutilation...rape is just too much! ><)
3147	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	he deserves it so im okay with itHe deserved death as he gave death. When did he torture anyone? When did he threaten someone with rape?He does NOT deserve it. This goes above and beyond what he did.And honestly, I'm very worried about those who believe because he committed murder he deserves torture. Perhaps we have different definitions of 'deserve.' Mine comes from the term 'A te pro te' which means From thee to thee (and just so happens to be my House words).Imo, those who kill deserve to be killed. Those who steal deserve to be stolen from. Those who torture deserve to be tortured.No more no less, as it becomes, IMO, emotionally bias, unjust, and purely vengeful. I try to be open to most POV's, but that's probably the one I'm not going to adhere to. Especially with a mere single line.
3148	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-15	When I watched that scene I thought Ramsay killed them because Theon is his to torment and he's not done having his fun. But everyone is right. Iwan is too attractive...I can just see the fandom pairings now.
3149	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-15	Yeah, the rape thing seemed kind of random, like ... I realize that rape is not about sex or sexuality, but apparently Boltons punish runaways by raping them regardless of gender? I mean, ok, yeah, they are twisted fuckers, but it still seems a bit out there.I think Theon is just so frickin' desperate and is clinging to the hope that his sister actually sent this man to help him. I mean, what else is he supposed to do? "No thanks, I'll just stay here on this cross..." lolI didn't expect him to stay there, lol.  But at least ask, "Why are you helping me?" or something. Be a little bit wary and suspicious.
					
					
							Edited by Wong Chia Chi, 15 April 2013 - 01:03 AM.
3150	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-15	Arrrgh, Ramsay needs to do something evil because he is frickin hot. Dissonance! 
...I'm happy they didn't cripple Theon's horse. 
Oh, Iwan's great though. Even his persona from when he let Theon go to when he shot the hunters was noticeable. He has this vaguely sinister (erm...sexy) swagger as he walks up with the bow. And before people jump down my throat, no, I'm not shipping or romanticising torture. Ramsay's gonna get scary very fast. 
I think Theon's trust comes from desperation and a flood of relief. This guy just saved him from rape. Sometimes you get into situations where you'd feel gratitude to anyone if they saved you.
3151	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	The rape could have been done better IMO, they definitely could have ratcheted the tension up to the point where we can't even look at the screen. That way, Ramsay's saving of Theon would have been better. But overall, I'm liking this arc. As I said before, the incident would make Theon feel like less of a man, and also feel indebted to Ramsay. All about the subtext here, people.Oh, and the look on Rheon's face was awesome. Totally sold me that he'd be able to pull off Ramsay's cruelty convincingly.he deserves it so im okay with ithttp://i.imgur.com/uYvuK.gif
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 15 April 2013 - 01:42 AM.
3152	Darkstar For King	2013-04-15	I never thought he didn't have a penis.  I thought Ramsay just flayed the skin off it to the point he couldn't use it because it's deformed or too painful to use or something.  But him not having one makes much more sense.Ramsay rose, the firelight shining on his face. <U+0080><U+009C>Reek, get over here. Get her ready for me.<U+0080><U+009D>For a moment he did not understand. <U+0080><U+009C>I <U+0080> do you mean <U+0080> m<U+0080><U+0099>lord, I have no <U+0080> I <U+0080><U+0080><U+009D> <U+0080><U+009C>With your mouth,<U+0080><U+009D> Lord Ramsay said. <U+0080><U+009C>And be quick about it. If she<U+0080><U+0099>s not wet by the time I<U+0080><U+0099>m done disrobing, I will cut off that tongue of yours and nail it to the wall.<U+0080><U+009D>This has a better analysis.Also I loved the line the soldier gave before Boy killed him. When he does reveal himself to be Ramsay it's gonna one hell of a scene.
					
					
							Edited by Darkstar For King, 15 April 2013 - 01:38 AM.
3153	kephv	2013-04-15	My creature. My Reek.
Or not. They haven't even mentioned the name Reek. What will they call him instead?
3154	Dove	2013-04-15	The decision to make Ramsay initially appear as a heroic, savour kind of figure is so bizarrely inspired. There's always going to be vapid fans and an "awesome" introduction for a handsome Ramsay will fuel right into that dumb fervor but I'm not gonna let it ruin a good storyline for me.
There's just enough hints that something is "off" but the atmosphere of desperation makes you really want to believe that Theon's chanced into meeting some kind of actual rescuer. I nearly busted up laughing at him being all "Winter is Coming" while he's acting like a badass and music swells in the background but I didn't want to give anything away to the people I was watching the episode with. Ramsay Snow: Absolute Fucker
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 01:58 AM.
3155	Toxspecific	2013-04-15	Wow. They've showed Ramsay as a hero figure so damn well, it is going to be shocking for TV watchers when he turns out as the bad guy who makes Theon a wretch.
3156	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	Only bad part about the rape was it didn't actually happen.  Just in the nick of time he was saved by the Bastard.  As part of his sadism I couldn't see Bolton not allowing it to happen, at least for a while.  What would be a real mind fuck is if this really was a rescuer to trick the book fans and the actual Bastard swoops in to stop the plan.
3157	TheReal_Rebel	2013-04-15	Had an inkling it was Ramsey all along--"you little Bastard" was a good hint, but wasn't certain until I saw the press release with picture http://winteriscomin...ame-of-thrones/
But this Theon part  in S3ep3 is so " the book from another angle", that I got a vertigo sense of "0h, no, have they cut out Ramsey!", at first.  But my one question now is are they at the Dreadfort?
					
					
							Edited by TheReal_Rebel, 15 April 2013 - 02:32 AM.
3158	Rhoynar	2013-04-15	Episode 4 preview:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=T0Dv9wL-rJQRamsay is leading Theon into a tower.
3159	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	Had an inkling it was Ramsey all along--"you little Bastard" was a good hint, but wasn't certain until I saw the press release with picture http://winteriscomin...ame-of-thrones/But this Theon part  in S3ep3 is so " the book from another angle", that I got a vertigo sense of "0h, no, have they cut out Ramsey!", at first.  But my one question now is are they at the Dreadfort?I assume they were because I also assume that in the Bolton's torture chamber they would use that cross which is featured on their banner in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 04:24 AM.
3160	Jameson Snow	2013-04-15	He deserved death as he gave death. When did he torture anyone? When did he threaten someone with rape?He does NOT deserve it. This goes above and beyond what he did. He threatened to rape Osha. Or rather, was absolutely going to go through with it until Luwin walked in. He betrayed his best friend/king and the family that raised him. He executed (however ungracefully) the man who taught him how to use a sword. Killed two orphans boy to pass off as Bran and Rickon. Think Catlyn believing her two youngest sons are dead isn't torture? Theon is despicable and I definitely agree he deserves what's coming to him. He's a little shit, and also one of the best characters in the entire series IMO in terms of character arc, inner turmoil, etc.
3161	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	So Ramsay sends his Dreadfort men to go chase Theon but doesnt tell them that hes also going to kill them, just to fuck with Theon?
3162	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	He threatened to rape Osha. Or rather, was absolutely going to go through with it until Luwin walked in.Ah, finally, a good argument. If that happened in the show, certainly show Theon deserved it. (Edit: it being the threat of rape.)However, I'm having trouble finding it with book Theon. I looked at Bran's POV when Theon entered and Theon's POV and found this:"...I've had a bellyful of it. Put a spear in my hand again''I got a spear for you right here,' said the bald man who'd killed Mikken. He grabbed his crotch, grinning.Osha drove her bony knee up between his legs. 'You keep that soft pink thing.' She wrested the spear from him and used the butt to knock him off his feet. 'I'll have me the wood and iron.' The bald man writhed on the floor while the other reaver sent up gales of laughter.Theon laughed with the rest. 'You'll do,' he said. 'Keep the spear; Stygg can find another. Now bend the knee and swear.'"The next time it mentions Osha in the book, the 'wildling woman' had booked it. So unless I'm missing something, completely plausible, it didn't occur in book.He betrayed his best friend/king and the family that raised him.He executed (however ungracefully) the man who taught him how to use a sword. Killed two orphans boy to pass off as Bran and Rickon.So his sins thus far, if the betrayal be taken as just that, are treason and murder. Not torture. Like I said, he does deserve death.Think Catlyn believing her two youngest sons are dead isn't torture?It's sad, but it's not cutting and flaying off your hands, feet, and penus then starving you and making you act like a dog bad.Besides, I didn't take his end goal as torturing Catlyn, or even making all the Starks know he fucked up, so much as a shitty attempt to make himself seem in control at Winterfell, but that of course is my opinion.Theon is despicable. He's a little shit, and also one of the best characters in the entire series IMO in terms of character arc, inner turmoil, etc.Certainly he's a little shit. But I am not of agreement that he deserved his member and other limbs flayed, to be starved, and portrayed as a dog infront of other human beings. Or to be forced so low as to be Ramsay's means of torture to characters like Jeyne Westerling.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 15 April 2013 - 05:36 AM.
3163	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Think Catlyn believing her two youngest sons are dead isn't torture?By that logic, Ned tortured Theon for 9 years since Theon had to forever live with the threat of a noose looming over his head.
3164	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-15	What does Ramsay say to Theon in that preview? It sounds like "Not all those are your sister's men" but that doesn't seem right.
3165	Bannerman918	2013-04-15	I'm pretty confused on the whole Theon part of the story now.  I've read each book twice so far and I don't remember Ramsay ever helping Theon escape like that.  He had the girl help him escape so he could hunt him down, I remember that part.  I don't understand what they're doing with this story line right now.  Am I missing something?
3166	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	I think a lot of the Theon plot is aimed at book readers. They know this is going to be the hardest season to pull off and they could expect a lot of negativity from book readers so to avoid that they are keeping us on the edge of our seat guessing as much as the TV crowd.
3167	Tadco26	2013-04-15	So Ramsay sends his Dreadfort men to go chase Theon but doesnt tell them that hes also going to kill them, just to fuck with Theon?This is the part that didn't make a lot of sense to me.  Killing what we all assume are his own men just to fuck with Theon seems like a bit of stretch, since he seems to have his men's complete loyalty in the book.  I'm willing to see how it all plays out, but it was the first part that I really disliked at first viewing so far on the Theon story line.
3168	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-15	Alfie Allen ended up being a way better actor than I thought he would be. He's going to be utterly heart-breaking as Reek.Theon isn't my favorite character but his portrayal is heart breaking
3169	Hellauthere	2013-04-15	This is the part that didn't make a lot of sense to me.  Killing what we all assume are his own men just to fuck with Theon seems like a bit of stretch, since he seems to have his men's complete loyalty in the book.  I'm willing to see how it all plays out, but it was the first part that I really disliked at first viewing so far on the Theon story line.If that is the case then I'm a bit dissapointed. It just seems too unlikely.Hope it isn't the case...... but then what?
3170	Darth Pipes	2013-04-15	Episode 4 preview:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=T0Dv9wL-rJQRamsay is leading Theon into a tower.Ramsay's "Tower of Joy" no doubt.  *shudders*I wouldn't put killing his own men past Ramsay.  Wasn't it said he ripped out the tongue of one of his men once?
3171	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	This is the part that didn't make a lot of sense to me.  Killing what we all assume are his own men just to fuck with Theon seems like a bit of stretch, since he seems to have his men's complete loyalty in the book.  I'm willing to see how it all plays out, but it was the first part that I really disliked at first viewing so far on the Theon story line.The only thing I can think of is maybe those werent actually Ramsays men, as in the bastards boys. Maybe they were Dreadfort men, but belonged to Roose, that were left to run the Dreadfort. Could be why they called him a bastard. So Ramsay helps Theon escape cause he knows those guys will go after him, so he gets to fuck with Theon and kill these guys so he can be in charge. I dont know where the hell Ramsay is taking him though, unless he just turned around and unknowingly brought him back to the Dreadfort. I was kinda confused with that whole part.
3172	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	The only thing I can think of is maybe those werent actually Ramsays men, as in the bastards boys. Maybe they were Dreadfort men, but belonged to Roose, that were left to run the Dreadfort. Could be why they called him a bastard. So Ramsay helps Theon escape cause he knows those guys will go after him, so he gets to fuck with Theon and kill these guys so he can be in charge. I dont know where the hell Ramsay is taking him though, unless he just turned around and unknowingly brought him back to the Dreadfort.I was kinda confused with that whole part.His father would never tolerate that--Ramsey killing Bolton men for sport--so, I'm sad to say, that the scene does not make sense as it has been presented.  Logically, Ramsey is not going to be able to get away with killing his own men for very long either, if done in such a random fashion, they would turn on him and kill him if he started using them for sport.
3173	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	Who is going to tell Roose? They are dead. All Ramsay has to say is that Theon did it.
3174	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Who is going to tell Roose? They are dead. All Ramsay has to say is that Theon did it.It doesn't seem very believable, how would Theon have legitimately escaped?  It isn't a huge deal, but it seems a strange choice when they could as easily have had him help him escape, meet him in the woods and  then lead him back to the Dreadfort without any weird killing of his own men...
3175	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	It doesn't seem very believable, how would Theon have legitimately escaped?  It isn't a huge deal, but it seems a strange choice when they could as easily have had him help him escape, meet him in the woods and  then lead him back to the Dreadfort without any weird killing of his own men...Because by having the man threaten to rape him, then kill him just before he does it, he makes Theon thankful for him, and hangs the threat in the air that 'if you run away, you'll be raped. I don't wanna do it but I will.'
3176	Olympia	2013-04-15	All the awards for Alfie Allen!!
3177	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	This is the part that didn't make a lot of sense to me.  Killing what we all assume are his own men just to fuck with Theon seems like a bit of stretch, since he seems to have his men's complete loyalty in the book.  I'm willing to see how it all plays out, but it was the first part that I really disliked at first viewing so far on the Theon story line.Yes.  I need to see how this plays out, but I DETEST this twist.  I was expecting hunting horns and dogs or something along those lines. A successful rape (which I would have preferred to have been implied), then flaying would have been fine.
3178	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	All this arguing about if Theon "deserved" what happened to him is odd.  It looks like everyone agrees he's a piece of shit.  Anyone arguing that anyone deserves to be skinned alive has some serious issues unless its the skinned person skinning whoever flayed him. 
All in all, there's a ton of things happening that people "don't really deserve" in the books.
3179	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	All this arguing about if Theon "deserved" what happened to him is odd.  It looks like everyone agrees he's a piece of shit.Anyone arguing that anyone deserves to be skinned alive has some serious issues unless its the skinned person skinning whoever flayed him.All in all, there's a ton of things happening that people "don't really deserve" in the books.If I had a 'this guy gets it' gif, I'd post it right about now.
3180	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-15	The Theon storyline is turning out a lot better than I thought it would be.
3181	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	His father would never tolerate that--Ramsey killing Bolton men for sport--so, I'm sad to say, that the scene does not make sense as it has been presented.  Logically, Ramsey is not going to be able to get away with killing his own men for very long either, if done in such a random fashion, they would turn on him and kill him if he started using them for sport.Roose will seemingly let him get away with a ton of things. He knows that there's something seriously wrong with Ramsay (which says something, coming from Roose) but he accepts that it is like that. He still makes Ramsay his legal heir and refrains from trying to get another son because he expects Ramsay to just kill the child (which he also seems to just accept).As for the men, it could be ones that just doesn't like Ramsay and he thinks they are disposable since he might have plenty of loyal men (as he does in the books).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 15 April 2013 - 08:30 AM.
3182	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Roose will seemingly let him get away with a ton of things. He knows that there's something seriously wrong with Ramsay (which says something, coming from Roose) but he accepts that it is like that. He still makes Ramsay his legal heir and refrains from trying to get another son because he expects Ramsay to just kill the child (which he also seems to just accept).As for the men, it could be ones that just doesn't like Ramsay and he thinks they are disposable since he might have plenty of loyal men (as he does in the books).Sure, some things, the things he--Roose--doesn't care about, like raping and killing peasants.  But, we know from the books that all of Ramsey's men are Roose's men in reality, and that would make sense on its face...where else is a low born bastard going to get men but from his father.  So, why would a stickler for discipline allow his bastard son to randomly kill Dreadfort men?Maybe they will have some explanation, but it seems like it was a strange plot twist that introduced a weird unreal element for no good reason since there were many ways they could have done a Theon escape without Ramsey shooting down his own people.
3183	Tadco26	2013-04-15	The only thing I can think of is maybe those werent actually Ramsays men, as in the bastards boys. Maybe they were Dreadfort men, but belonged to Roose, that were left to run the Dreadfort. Could be why they called him a bastard. So Ramsay helps Theon escape cause he knows those guys will go after him, so he gets to fuck with Theon and kill these guys so he can be in charge. I dont know where the hell Ramsay is taking him though, unless he just turned around and unknowingly brought him back to the Dreadfort.I was kinda confused with that whole part.Yes but Roose said that his bastard would come free Winterfell, not his castellan or some one else, implying that Ramsay already was in charge.  It's hard to say where the preview for next week was taking place.  It seemed likely that Theon was being tortured at the Dreadfort.  Where else would they possibly be since we know Winterfell burned?  But Ramsay had Theon ride east, which removes the chance of Deepwood Motte which is the only place we know the Ironborn have taken so far.  I thought maybe they were seriously time shifting Theon helping take Moat Cailin, but that wouldn't make much sense and like I said so far the show has not told us that the Ironborn took Moat Cailin in the first place, it's not in the east, and Ramsay certainly wouldn't have the control over Theon to make that a very logical plan to hope would succeed.  Of course after the season 2 finale where Sam was surrounded by White Walkers and inexplicably lived, maybe hoping for a logical conclusion is not necessarily going to happen.
3184	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	Sure, some things, the things he--Roose--doesn't care about, like raping and killing peasants.  But, we know from the books that all of Ramsey's men are Roose's men in reality, and that would make sense on its face...where else is a low born bastard going to get men but from his father.  So, why would a stickler for discipline allow his bastard son to randomly kill Dreadfort men?Maybe they will have some explanation, but it seems like it was a strange plot twist that introduced a weird unreal element for no good reason since there were many ways they could have done a Theon escape without Ramsey shooting down his own people.Roose does care about the peasants to some degree, given his "a quiet land, a peaceful people" line. Of course he isn't a saint since Ramsay was conceived through rape, for example. I don't think Roose would allow Ramsay to just kill Bolton men like that but without proof I don't think he'd do much about it, so in that regard I think Ramsay gets away with it.I don't think this part of the plot does much more than to show that Ramsay is a really sick individual. Unless it's a recurring theme that he kills his own men I don't think repercussions from his father is that much of an issue.
3185	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Sure, some things, the things he--Roose--doesn't care about, like raping and killing peasants.  But, we know from the books that all of Ramsey's men are Roose's men in reality, and that would make sense on its face...where else is a low born bastard going to get men but from his father.  So, why would a stickler for discipline allow his bastard son to randomly kill Dreadfort men?Maybe they will have some explanation, but it seems like it was a strange plot twist that introduced a weird unreal element for no good reason since there were many ways they could have done a Theon escape without Ramsey shooting down his own people.Obviously they're making another huge divergence from the book story.  They're just going to brush over it not making sense like a lot of other things.  Im sort of getting over it.
3186	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Obviously they're making another huge divergence from the book story.  They're just going to brush over it not making sense like a lot of other things.  Im sort of getting over it.Yeah, I'll get over it, it isn't a huge deal, but it would have been SO EASY not to introduce this element, which lacks logic in and of itself, whether you compare it to the books or not, it lacks logic as it is presented, its a totally weird superficial but illogical take on Ramsey's hunts, and it was unnecessary.
3187	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	"You little bastard..."
huehuehue
This is all so Ramsay. It's risky, sick, twisted... but so, so Ramsay. I'm still bitter about him being left out of S2, but this is pretty amusing.
3188	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Yeah, I'll get over it, it isn't a huge deal, but it would have been SO EASY not to introduce this element, which lacks logic in and of itself, whether you compare it to the books or not, it lacks logic as it is presented, its a totally weird superficial but illogical take on Ramsey's hunts, and it was unnecessary.couldnt agree more.
3189	BananaSpice	2013-04-15	I was just thinking about how Ramsay is probably going to hold it over Theon's head that he "saved him" ... like, if they don't use that, I think they are missing a huge opportunity. Like, despite hurting and torturing him, he can constantly remind Theon how he saved him from being brutally gang raped or mention that he should have let them, etc. etc. So much mind fuck could be coming /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3190	freetickles	2013-04-15	I was just thinking about how Ramsay is probably going to hold it over Theon's head that he "saved him" ... like, if they don't use that, I think they are missing a huge opportunity. Like, despite hurting and torturing him, he can constantly remind Theon how he saved him from being brutally gang raped or mention that he should have let them, etc. etc. So much mind fuck could be coming /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Oh yeah, definitely. It'll be how he convinces Theon he deserves Theon's loyalty without question while he's being flayed....
3191	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	Yes but Roose said that his bastard would come free Winterfell, not his castellan or some one else, implying that Ramsay already was in charge.  It's hard to say where the preview for next week was taking place.  It seemed likely that Theon was being tortured at the Dreadfort.  Where else would they possibly be since we know Winterfell burned?  But Ramsay had Theon ride east, which removes the chance of Deepwood Motte which is the only place we know the Ironborn have taken so far.  I thought maybe they were seriously time shifting Theon helping take Moat Cailin, but that wouldn't make much sense and like I said so far the show has not told us that the Ironborn took Moat Cailin in the first place, it's not in the east, and Ramsay certainly wouldn't have the control over Theon to make that a very logical plan to hope would succeed.  Of course after the season 2 finale where Sam was surrounded by White Walkers and inexplicably lived, maybe hoping for a logical conclusion is not necessarily going to happen.Yeah true. I really have no idea, lol. I guess we'll just have to wait and see and hope they explain it
3192	Toxspecific	2013-04-15	I grew sympathetic to Theon later on in the series because I realized one thing; in a world like Westeros, where even the slightest negative change in your life can turn you into a bloodthirsty maniac, you need certain guidance to keep you on the right path.
Where was that guidance for Theon? No, it didn't come from Ned; Ned knew he should not get close to Theon because he may have to take his head off one day. Theon basically had nobody teaching him about the higher things in life. Makes his actions in a sudden pressure cooker situation (i.e Balon's stupid attack on the North) understandable.
3193	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-15	"Winter is Coming"Ramsay SnowIt's a pun.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3194	WhiteGuts	2013-04-15	Well, maybe the Bolton men Ramsay killed are Roose's. He surely left some of his men at the Dreadfort (assuming they were at the Dreadfort). Maybe Ramsay was setting up both his father's men and Theon at the same time.
He got rid of the only people not loyal to him, and he gained Theon's trust at the same time.
3195	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-15	Also:
"I'll make you a lord in The Iron Islands for this."
"We're Not In The Iron Islands."
parallels
"My father outlawed flaying in The North."
"We're not in The North."
rather nicely, don't you think? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  Like father, like son.
3196	the gift	2013-04-15	Could it be possible we're seeing ramsay as reek at the moment?
This mini storyline could be taking the place of Reek/Ramsay at winterfell when Theon frees him and "befriends" him.
3197	Autumn is Coming	2013-04-15	Well, people seem to adore Ramsay simply because Iwan Rheon is cute and people who legit ship Theon/Ramsay exist so uh I'm sure that's what a lot of (goofy people on the internet) people want unfortunately, good thing they're mostly a weird minorityI never shipped it whilst reading the books, but the show is really bringing on the Theon/Ramsay. Like, a LOT. My brain is simultaniously enjoying this new development, and trying to push it away.Also, the fact that Ramsay saved Theon from impending rape reads slightly like a fanfiction. I don't know what to make of it. My BRAIN doesn't know what to make of it.I don't know whether to look forward to their relationship or not. Darn it.
3198	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I never shipped it whilst reading the books, but the show is really bringing on the Theon/Ramsay. Like, a LOT. My brain is simultaniously enjoying this new development, and trying to push it away.Also, the fact that Ramsay saved Theon from impending rape reads slightly like a fanfiction. I don't know what to make of it. My BRAIN doesn't know what to make of it.I don't know whether to look forward to their relationship or not. Darn it.This is what I do to deal with this 'Episode 3 Hysteria': /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I not thure if ith working yet.
3199	BananaSpice	2013-04-15	lol @ "season 3 hysteria" ... I feel like that sums up ALL MY FEELINGS ABOUT EVERYTHING for the past month, hah
3200	Autumn is Coming	2013-04-15	This is what I do to deal with this 'Episode 3 Hysteria': /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I not thure if ith working yet.I'll take your advice. I think I'd prefer banging my head against a wall to seeing Ramsay as a shippable character. *shudders*
3201	freetickles	2013-04-15	Could it be possible we're seeing ramsay as reek at the moment?This mini storyline could be taking the place of Reek/Ramsay at winterfell when Theon frees him and "befriends" him.Yes, this is absolutely what we're seeing.
3202	TheDarkOne	2013-04-15	Ramsey killing the men serves no purpose except to further convince the viewers he is a "good guy," so his heel turn will be more shocking. Does it make sense...of course not. Especially not in times of war. However if you are going to hold this show to the standard that characters make intelligent decisions consistent with the greater plot or their characterization from the source material, you will always be disappointed.
3203	BananaSpice	2013-04-15	Ramsey killing the men serves no purpose except to further convince the viewers he is a "good guy," so his heel turn will be more shocking. Does it make sense...of course not. Especially not in times of war. However if you are going to hold this show to the standard that characters make intelligent decisions consistent with the greater plot or their characterization from the source material, you will always be disappointed.It's in character, b/c Ramsay doesn't make intelligent decisions most of the time ... in fact, his father chides him about this and wants him to be more discreet / less rash.
3204	Penguin king	2013-04-15	It's in character, b/c Ramsay doesn't make intelligent decisions most of the time ... in fact, his father chides him about this and wants him to be more discreet / less rash.I agree. Ramsy is a complete psychopath. If anyone is going to kill their own men in order to play mindgames with a helpless captive it's going to be him. It's not like he left any survivors to blame it on him.
3205	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	lol @ "season 3 hysteria" ... I feel like that sums up ALL MY FEELINGS ABOUT EVERYTHING for the past month, hah /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> I'll take your advice. I think I'd prefer banging my head against a wall to seeing Ramsay as a shippable character. *shudders*For the night is dark... and full of Ramsay.Terrors,I agree. Ramsy is a complete psychopath. If anyone is going to kill their own men in order to play mindgames with a helpless captive it's going to be him. It's not like he left any survivors to blame it on him.A good point. Honestly if anyone makes less sense it's Locke imo... but a different thought for a different thread.
3206	Dove	2013-04-15	It makes total sense that Ramsay would kill the Bolton men for shits and giggles and to set himself up as Theon's "rescuer", I'm surprised that people who've read the books are even puzzled by his behavior. He's an impulsive, psychotic idiot at heart, and in his mind everyone else only exists to further his own entertainment - this is one one of those moments for you to look back on after the reveal of his identity, and go "Wait, did he kill his own men just for the hell of it?" yep
3207	shiola	2013-04-15	I really like watching it knowing that this guy is just bad news.  It hurts more because I get inside Theon's head this way.  "Yara sent someone for me!  I am not going to die here!  I'm being saved!"  you get the ups and downs Theon is feeling but you know the whole time where it will end...  It's painful to watch.
3208	Autumn is Coming	2013-04-15	I really like watching it knowing that this guy is just bad news.  It hurts more because I get inside Theon's head this way.  "Yara sent someone for me!  I am not going to die here!  I'm being saved!"  you get the ups and downs Theon is feeling but you know the whole time where it will end...  It's painful to watch.All of this.I really think the next couple of seasons are going to be an emotional rollercoaster regarding Theon's arc. I'm anticipating it with gritted teeth.Anyone have any thoughts on when Ramsay might start to turn on Theon? Or will it be a very gradual thing?
3209	shiola	2013-04-15	All of this.I really think the next couple of seasons are going to be an emotional rollercoaster regarding Theon's arc. I'm anticipating it with gritted teeth.Anyone have any thoughts on when Ramsay might start to turn on Theon? Or will it be a very gradual thing?I hope it's sudden, but I don't know when it will happen.  It should happen suddenly to leave the viewers as confused and hurt as Theon.
3210	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	It makes total sense that Ramsay would kill the Bolton men for shits and giggles and to set himself up as Theon's "rescuer", I'm surprised that people who've read the books are even puzzled by his behavior. He's an impulsive, psychotic idiot at heart, and in his mind everyone else only exists to further his own entertainment - this is one one of those moments for you to look back on after the reveal of his identity, and go "Wait, did he kill his own men just for the hell of it?" yepactually Ramsey is calculated and cunning.  Where do you find him so impulsive?  He's a sociopath for sure, but most sociopaths are very much detail oriented.
3211	BananaSpice	2013-04-15	actually Ramsey is calculated and cunning.  Where do you find him so impulsive?  He's a sociopath for sure, but most sociopaths are very much detail oriented.I think he's calculating and detail oriented when it comes to his own sadistic perversions ... but not as a Lord / leader or when it comes to politics. In ADWD Roose basically calls him out on being an idiot b/c "people are talking" about how cruel and monstrous he is. He does a lot of impulsive things (like killing everyone and burning down Winterfell forcing Lady Hornwood to marry him and then starving her to death) ... none of these were very smart and he didn't think about the long term consequences / results.
3212	RhymesWithChic	2013-04-15	Also:"I'll make you a lord in The Iron Islands for this.""We're Not In The Iron Islands."parallels"My father outlawed flaying in The North.""We're not in The North."rather nicely, don't you think? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  Like father, like son.OOH, nice catch.
3213	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I do think that Theon should still keep talking about his noble blood and being a prince in his scenes with "Boy." It gives Ramsay more of a reason to break him.
3214	King Tyrion I	2013-04-15	I LOVE how they are doing Theon's stuff.  Ramsey saying Winter is Coming was just too funny.Me, too.Up to now, it could have been much worse.
3215	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I really like watching it knowing that this guy is just bad news.  It hurts more because I get inside Theon's head this way.  "Yara sent someone for me!  I am not going to die here!  I'm being saved!"  you get the ups and downs Theon is feeling but you know the whole time where it will end...  It's painful to watch.I can see this line of thinking, and as I let my reader self go and try and appreciate the show as something more loosely based on A Song of Ice and Fire, the more I enjoy it.  There certainly is something scarier about a guy who'll kill his own men just to eff with your head ever worse
3216	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I think he's calculating and detail oriented when it comes to his own sadistic perversions ... but not as a Lord / leader or when it comes to politics. In ADWD Roose basically calls him out on being an idiot b/c "people are talking" about how cruel and monstrous he is. He does a lot of impulsive things (like killing everyone and burning down Winterfell forcing Lady Hornwood to marry him and then starving her to death) ... none of these were very smart and he didn't think about the long term consequences / results.I don't think putting winterfell to the torch or marrying lady hornwood were impulsive.  I don't think he's wasteful enough to kill his own men but he certainly makes some questionable decisions.  In the books he's quite loyal to the dreadfort and certainly doesn't throw dreadfort lives away.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 15 April 2013 - 02:44 PM.
3217	Dove	2013-04-15	Ramsay has a definite low cunning, but he's selfish and idiotic to the extreme - even in ADWD when "Arya" is the Bolton's only hope of keeping the other northmen from smoking their asses he can't restrain himself. Lady Dustin tells Theon that for everyone's sake, Ramsay should "teach his new bride to laugh" - instead he tells her he's going to cut off her feet to keep her from running and further brutalizes her at every turn. Her sobs are pretty much constantly echoing throughout the grounds of Wintefell.
He was a lot more calculating before ADWD, imo. His mind games and the Reek switcharound in ACOK show some measure of cleverness. I think being legitimized made him too comfortable in his own position, leading to him going even more out of control, but he was always like that to a certain extent.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 03:38 PM.
3218	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-15	Seriously, what does Ramsay say to Theon in the preview for next episode? 
Theon: My sister's men are loyal to her, there's no need to hide from them.
Ramsay: ???????????????????????
3219	shiola	2013-04-15	I just wanted to praise Alfie's acting this episode, as I didn't really do that yet.  Too often on shows you are told that people are weak but then they wind up doing things anyway.  But with Theon, we saw him struggling to stand or walk.  When he was thrown off his horse he couldn't even lift himself back up to his knees to crawl but he was still trying.  As always, Alfie's Theon was very believable and he exceeded my high expectations for him this week.  Plus, the whole chase scene itself (scenery, music) was magnificent.
3220	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-15	So, I'm beginning to think Ramsay will lead Theon to or near Deepwood Motte (or wherever Asha is) and give him some hope of reuniting with her, only to snatch it away.
3221	Nezzer	2013-04-15	Seriously, what does Ramsay say to Theon in the preview for next episode?Theon: My sister's men are loyal to her, there's no need to hide from them.Ramsay: ???????????????????????Something like "Not all of those are your sister's men".
3222	Alea Blackfyre	2013-04-16	I think Theon kinda deserves it. And before you behead me and put my head on a spike... Let me elaborate, I don't buy all that Hammurabi eye-for-eye stuff, simply because what he did (meaning the boys he killed to make them pass as Bran and Rickon, or if we're talking about the show, killing Ser Rodrik) he did it to innocent people who truly did not deserve it, out of what? stupidity? grudge? peer pressure? whatever... He had the choice, he made a promise that no one would get hurt and innocent lives were lost because he thirsted for glory. He is not being tortured out of nowhere.
Summing up... I think he deserves it, but despite everyone's opinion, what I'd like to applaud is GRRM capability of making us hate so much a character in a chapter, and then make us feel sorry or even love it in the next one (Jaime for example, which I am totally sympathetic about but at the same time I praise how he became a much deep and interesting character after he lost his hand).
Great episode, enjoyed it completely.
					
					
							Edited by Alea Blackfyre, 16 April 2013 - 02:58 AM.
3223	TheReal_Rebel	2013-04-16	I assume they were because I also assume that in the Bolton's torture chamber they would use that cross which is featured on their banner in the show.I didn't think the banner would be that literal. Shudders.
3224	Dornish Whine	2013-04-16	Confused by the show.  That must be Ramsay... but it sure doesn't seem like the one I know from the book.  I do not think Ramsay's skill as an archer are ever mentioned in the books... in fact.. the book seems to indicate that Ramsay has little skill at combat.  I think they really messed up the story line by not showing what actually happened at Winterfell.   The idea coming from "reek" to burn the farmers boys, Ramsay's betrayal of Theon and razing of Winterfell, its just not there.  I just need to keep telling myself its an adaptation and that things will end up more or less in the right place by the end.
3225	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	Confused by the show.  That must be Ramsay... but it sure doesn't seem like the one I know from the book.  I do not think Ramsay's skill as an archer are ever mentioned in the books... in fact.. the book seems to indicate that Ramsay has little skill at combat.  I think they really messed up the story line by not showing what actually happened at Winterfell.   The idea coming from "reek" to burn the farmers boys, Ramsay's betrayal of Theon and razing of Winterfell, its just not there.  I just need to keep telling myself its an adaptation and that things will end up more or less in the right place by the end.I think having Reek at Winterfell would have added too much to the story. Combined with the other arcs, it's a fuckton of info to take in. Keeping the focus on Theon and not his Iago-like helper was a smart move for the TV show because it makes his own mind more front and center and grants one less plot thread to keep track of. Also, taking elements from Theon's flashbacks and the trolliciousness of the book's Winterfell stuff, Theon has something to do this season and we get to see him go from Theon to Reek (even if "Reek" is not the name they use).Poooor Theon -- I agree that keeping him obviously disabled was effective. I wanted to say "listen to your instincts!" when he was at first scrambling away from the Boy when he appeared in the woods. Hehe, I kind of want a thought bubble above Ramsay's head when Theon grabs his cloak to help him stand up.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 01:24 PM.
3226	BananaSpice	2013-04-16	I think having Reek at Winterfell would have added too much to the story. Combined with the other arcs, it's a fuckton of info to take in. Keeping the focus on Theon and not his Iago-like helper was a smart move for the TV show because it makes his own mind more front and center and grants one less plot thread to keep track of. Also, taking elements from Theon's flashbacks and the trolliciousness of the book's Winterfell stuff, Theon has something to do this season and we get to see him go from Theon to Reek (even if "Reek" is not the name they use).Poooor Theon -- I agree that keeping him obviously disabled was effective. I wanted to say "listen to your instincts!" when he was at first scrambling away from the Boy when he appeared in the woods. Hehe, I kind of want a thought bubble above Ramsay's head when Theon grabs his cloak to help him stand up.lol, what would the thought bubble say? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I was thinking the same thing when Theon was scramling away ... like, omg he totally senses that something is not right!!! It parallels his "rescue" in the book where he feels like something is kind of off, but thinks oh well, I'm saved, I guess.
3227	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	lol, what would the thought bubble say? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I was thinking the same thing when Theon was scramling away ... like, omg he totally senses that something is not right!!! It parallels his "rescue" in the book where he feels like something is kind of off, but thinks oh well, I'm saved, I guess.Something to the effect of "The game is I touch you, not the other way around! /whip.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':whip:' /> " or "Hard...to remain...in character." Or maybe just a bunch of trollish giggling /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />As long as that beautiful horse of Theon's doesn't get its mane set on fire, I'm happy. Human torture, whatevs. Animals in pain make me curl up in a ball.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 01:44 PM.
3228	BananaSpice	2013-04-16	Something to the effect of "The game is I touch you, not the other way around! /whip.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':whip:' /> " or "Hard...to remain...in character." Or maybe just a bunch of trollish giggling /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />As long as that beautiful horse of Theon's doesn't get its mane set on fire, I'm happy. Human torture, whatevs. Animals in pain make me curl up in a ball.Maybe a "Muahaha" /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
3229	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-16	Well Alfie Allen did the part justice!
Great acting from him.
I think Ramsay being Roose's only remaining son was being groomed for an active role at the Dreadfort by his father.
Perhaps the Bolton men he killed had informed on him to his father in the past and he wanted them out of the way?
Not to mention he is plain evil and kills for fun even on his better days
The attempted rape and rescue scene was well done and I cant wait for next weeks installment to see what Ramsay has in store for Theon
3230	SilentSense	2013-04-16	I've seen some astute people who supposedly haven't read the book speculate that L+R=J but that the friendly archer who saved him is gonna put Theon through hell.. no one will see that coming. TV viewers are gonna be shocked.
3231	Rapsie	2013-04-16	I really like how they are doing Theon's arc. Including more of the storyline they dropped or moving Moat Caitlin to this season and turning it around, gives Alfie Allen more screen time and means he doesn't have to disappear for two seasons, or just be in endless torture scenes (which would be really unpleasant).
3232	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-16	I think part of the killing of the Dreadfort men may have been that they overstepped their orders. Chase him, catch him, but perhaps they weren't authorized to rape him or torment him in any other way. That's Ramsey's job. That look on "Boy's" face as he swaggers over to the group, he looks pissed. Perhaps it was never his plan to kill the men, but to somehow help Theon escape again, but when they were playing with his plaything, that had to be shut down. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3233	Dove	2013-04-16	The guy who caught an arrow to the face didn't even seem all that surprised, just sort of annoyingly resigned. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  You have to figure that being killed indiscriminately by The Boss' crazy-ass son is just another risk of the job when you're a Dreadfort man.
3234	BananaSpice	2013-04-16	The guy who caught an arrow to the face didn't even seem all that surprised, just sort of annoyingly resigned. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  You have to figure that being killed indiscriminately by The Boss' crazy-ass son is just another risk of the job when you're a Dreadfort man.Yeah, on a rewatch, he kind of makes a "why am I not surprised" face. Hah.
3235	iheartseverus	2013-04-16	we get to see him go from Theon to Reek (even if "Reek" is not the name they use).Are they not going to be calling him 'Reek' in the show?  That means we'd miss out on all that lovely poetry--Reek, Freak, Meek... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />And I agree about Theon's beautiful horse, just a magnificent beauty.  When Theon was galloping across the fields, I had visions of Gandalf on Shadowfax, riding to Gondor.  Alas for Theon, he's about to meet his own 'dark lord.'
3236	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	Since I only linked to it in the "You little bastard" thread, I'll repost. For real, dat swagga!Imho, the murder-rescue played into Ramsay's long con, but he looked pissed when he walked up. I was getting a "That's MINE!" vibe. I guess he had to become a better warrior because his men drop like flies.Oh yeah, the scenery-porn scene were Theon gallops across the field was gorgeous.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 05:53 PM.
3237	Darryk	2013-04-16	They're doing a fantastic job with Theon's story, as they did in the 2nd season. Really intrigued to see where it goes.
3238	shiola	2013-04-16	Since I only linked to it in the "You little bastard" thread, I'll repost. For real, dat swagga!Love it!  He definitely has a look like, "You broke the fucking rules.  You don't get to touch him."  instead of a "What the fuck are you doing to that man who I was trying to set free?  You are sick"
3239	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-16	Since I only linked to it in the "You little bastard" thread, I'll repost. For real, dat swagga!Seriously. How can non-readers look at that death glare and not see a bad guy. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 16 April 2013 - 06:05 PM.
3240	Dove	2013-04-16	That's definitely one of those moments people are gonna look back on and be like, "Aw, shit, it was obvious."They want to believe, haha. Especially if you're already a Misfits fan, because Iwan Rheon's character went from being a supremely creepy fucker to just being an off-kilter nerd, they're probably expecting a similar slightly creepy and weird but 'misunderstood' kind of character since this show really casts actors based on similarities to some of their most popular roles. (Natalie Dormer as Anne Boleyn 2.0, Sean Bean as Ned Stark, etc.)
3241	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	Seriously. How can non-readers look at that death glare and not see a bad guy. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Out of context both present and future, that gif makes my heart flutter. Ehee! The repulsion and horror can commence next episode.I asked a non-reader friend who has not been quasi-spoiled (a la my father) and his reply was like "I WANT to think he's helping Theon, but something's off. Why would he not have told Theon he'd be shadowing him?"
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 06:19 PM.
3242	iheartseverus	2013-04-16	They can believe because the death glare, and the arrows, could be taken as his rage that these men have so mistreated Theon, whom he was trying to save.   I read some critique by a non-book reader who called Boy 'that cute young Ninja, come to rescue Theon.'  HA!!  And yes, the Unsullied over at TWoP are dreading that 'Simon' whom they loved from 'Misfits' might turn out to be a bad guy.  Although one poster over there said he/she would look forward to a truly evil, evil character, 'not idiot evil like Joffrey, but truly terrifyingly evil.'  HA, again!  Welcome to Boy!
3243	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Since I only linked to it in the "You little bastard" thread, I'll repost. For real, dat swagga!I SPY A RAMSAY
3244	shiola	2013-04-16	I asked a non-reader friend who has not been quasi-spoiled (a la my father) and his reply was like "I WANT to think he's helping Theon, but something's off. Why would he not have told Theon he'd be shadowing him?"Ahh, your friend is a smart one!  Very good point.
3245	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	Seriously. How can non-readers look at that death glare and not see a bad guy. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />because he said "winter is coming"
3246	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	They can believe because the death glare, and the arrows, could be taken as his rage that these men have so mistreated Theon, whom he was trying to save.   I read some critique by a non-book reader who called Boy 'that cute young Ninja, come to rescue Theon.'  HA!!  And yes, the Unsullied over at TWoP are dreading that 'Simon' whom they loved from 'Misfits' might turn out to be a bad guy.  Although one poster over there said he/she would look forward to a truly evil, evil character, 'not idiot evil like Joffrey, but truly terrifyingly evil.'  HA, again!  Welcome to Boy!Ramsay is a little idiot too, though far worse evil than Joff.the truly terrifying evil wold be Euron i believe.
3247	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Ramsay is a little idiot too, though far worse evil than Joff.the truly terrifying evil wold be Euron i believe.Last time I checked Euron didn't flay the dick off a man and make them beg to cut off their fingers and toes. And it's not like this was particularly more brutal than his other actions.
3248	Rikard	2013-04-16	Theon<U+0080><U+0099>s torturer and near sodomizer may be an ersatz Reek I, poising as Ramsay. Ramsay kills him and the others because they disobeyed; either they were ordered to hold Theon safe until he arrived or let him escape. In the books Ramsay switches identities with Reek to escape Rodrick<U+0080><U+0099>s vengeance and sacrifices him. In Episode 4 Ramsay takes Theon to the ruins of Winterfell and reveals what became of Dagmer and his men after they surrendered. Just like at Moat Cailin in ADWD they have been flayed. He explains that because he had to kill his Reek, Theon will replace him. Or something like that.
3249	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Theon<U+0080><U+0099>s torturer and near sodomizer may be an ersatz Reek I, poising as Ramsay. Ramsay kills him and the others because they disobeyed; either they were ordered to hold Theon safe until he arrived or let him escape. In the books Ramsay switches identities with Reek to escape Rodrick<U+0080><U+0099>s vengeance and sacrifices him. In Episode 4 Ramsay takes Theon to the ruins of Winterfell and reveals what became of Dagmer and his men after they surrendered. Just like at Moat Cailin in ADWD they have been flayed. He explains that because he had to kill his Reek, Theon will replace him. Or something like that.They wouldn't cast a recognizable and respected actor in a role that eventually amounts to shooting a couple of arrows and pulling a bag off someone's head only to replace that actor with someone who actually hasn't even been cast in the first place.
3250	Spring Snow	2013-04-16	Oh, was that Ramsay? Wow. I was wondering; I figured it was either him or Reek.Even if Ramsay's introduction was cut in the second season they're replicating the feeling of confusion concerning him and his identity very well. It feels faithful, even if it isn't a direct adaptation. I think this is the plotline I'm looking forward to the most in fact, not only because Theon is a favorite character but because it's basically completely new ground, even if it's pulling material from flashbacks. It's the first time we won't know exactly what's happening!It's more than a little odd to see Ramsay being played by such a ridiculously attractive individual when his physical description in the books emphasized his ugliness so much. That swagga gif is definitely compelling. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> He's going to be much less attractive when he's "hunting" women, flaying people, and breaking poor Theon's teeth, that's a certainty.This version of the character could work better than the overt monster, inside and out, that he was in the books. With a pretty but unassuming face to hide behind, his proclivities will be more discreet and unexpected, but all the more horrifying. Very Ted Bundy-ish, as someone mentioned.I can't be the only one who wanted to talk to the screen like a slasher movie. "Theon, nooo, get away from the bad man!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3251	shiola	2013-04-16	Am I the only one who doesn't find him attractive at all?
3252	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Oh, was that Ramsay? Wow. I was wondering; I figured it was either him or Reek.Even if Ramsay's introduction was cut in the second season they're replicating the feeling of confusion concerning him and his identity very well. It feels faithful, even if it isn't a direct adaptation. I think this is the plotline I'm looking forward to the most in fact, not only because Theon is a favorite character but because it's basically completely new ground, even if it's pulling material from flashbacks. It's the first time we won't know exactly what's happening!It's more than a little odd to see Ramsay being played by such a ridiculously attractive individual when his physical description in the books emphasized his ugliness so much. That swagga gif is definitely compelling. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> He's going to be much less attractive when he's "hunting" women, flaying people, and breaking poor Theon's teeth, that's a certainty.This version of the character could work better than the overt monster, inside and out, that he was in the books. With a pretty but unassuming face to hide behind, his proclivities will be more discreet and unexpected, but all the more horrifying. Very Ted Bundy-ish, as someone mentioned.I can't be the only one who wanted to talk to the screen like a slasher movie. "Theon, nooo, get away from the bad man!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I think his generally well regarded appearance will only be more shocking when we find out how much of a monster he is. If he looked like the pudgy, ugly, worm-lipped guy he is in the books, people would probably think to trust him less. I agree with this being a somehow faithful yet invented plot line. They can't just cut Theon for 2 seasons and be like oh hey remember this guy from 4 years ago well yeah now he's totally different, in fact the actor isn't even available anymore so here's someone who kinda looks like him! It works better in books that way. Plus, it being totally new is something suspenseful and compelling to look forward to watching even if it is pretty horrible.
3253	Nezzer	2013-04-16	Oh, was that Ramsay? Wow. I was wondering; I figured it was either him or Reek.Even if Ramsay's introduction was cut in the second season they're replicating the feeling of confusion concerning him and his identity very well. It feels faithful, even if it isn't a direct adaptation. I think this is the plotline I'm looking forward to the most in fact, not only because Theon is a favorite character but because it's basically completely new ground, even if it's pulling material from flashbacks. It's the first time we won't know exactly what's happening!It's more than a little odd to see Ramsay being played by such a ridiculously attractive individual when his physical description in the books emphasized his ugliness so much. That swagga gif is definitely compelling. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> He's going to be much less attractive when he's "hunting" women, flaying people, and breaking poor Theon's teeth, that's a certainty.This version of the character could work better than the overt monster, inside and out, that he was in the books. With a pretty but unassuming face to hide behind, his proclivities will be more discreet and unexpected, but all the more horrifying. Very Ted Bundy-ish, as someone mentioned.I can't be the only one who wanted to talk to the screen like a slasher movie. "Theon, nooo, get away from the bad man!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Yeah, this is the storyline I am most interested in as well this season. And I think Iwan Rheon will nail the role, even though he is much better looking than book!Ramsay. He is perfect at making creepy faces:http://media.tumblr....Kvyl1r88zzj.gifhttp://1.bp.blogspot...1600/ramsay.jpg
3254	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Yeah, this is the storyline I am most interested in as well this season. And I think Iwan Rheon will nail the role, even though he is much better looking than book!Ramsay. He is perfect at making creepy faces:http://media.tumblr....Kvyl1r88zzj.gifhttp://1.bp.blogspot...1600/ramsay.jpgI'm sufficiently creeped out...
3255	iheartseverus	2013-04-16	Am I the only one who doesn't find him attractive at all?Yes.Sorry.
3256	Spring Snow	2013-04-16	Am I the only one who doesn't find him attractive at all?The actor? Possibly, he's quite cute. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I would like to think that no-one actually finds the character attractive in that way, though.  ... Right? He's hardly a misunderstood bad boy. Then again, people even glamorize real life serial killers, so I suppose it wouldn't surprise me if there's people out there who want a dog named after them or sexualize his treatment of Theon Greyjoy. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Yeah, this is the storyline I am most interested in as well this season. And I think Iwan Rheon will nail the role, even though he is much better looking than book!Ramsay. He is perfect at making creepy faces:http://media.tumblr....Kvyl1r88zzj.gifhttp://1.bp.blogspot...1600/ramsay.jpgWhoa, that smile! I'm sure he'll do just fine as Ramsay.
					
					
							Edited by Pure As Snow, 16 April 2013 - 10:32 PM.
3257	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	Oh, I like Ramsay as a villain, much the same way I love the TV version of Joffrey. I like any character who makes me feel an intense emotion, even if it's "Die bastard!" "Love to hate 'em" at its finest. The jury's out for me on Euron. He has to do more than influence bad dreams and dye his lips. 
As for Iwan Rheon in the role, hells yes he's hot. I go weak for "cold beauty" types. From a purely physical standpoint; I don't fancy the character...ew. I do think his relationship with Theon is fascinating in all its Stockholmy, horrible glory, so I'm looking forward to how the show handles it.
Gaaah he was so creepy in early Misfits episodes.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 10:55 PM.
3258	Rikard	2013-04-16	They wouldn't cast a recognizable and respected actor in a role that eventually amounts to shooting a couple of arrows and pulling a bag off someone's head only to replace that actor with someone who actually hasn't even been cast in the first place.Huh? No, no; "Boy" is Ramsay, the torturer is the original Reek. Iwan will be around to the bitter end.
3259	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	Huh? No, no; "Boy" is Ramsay, the torturer is the original Reek. Iwan will be around to the bitter end.Ya, when Stannis leaves the room so Asha/Yara can cut Ramsay's dick off and feed it to his girls.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 10:57 PM.
3260	Rikard	2013-04-16	Ya, when Stannis leaves the room so Asha/Yara can cut Ramsay's dick off and feed it to his girls.Actually I think Martin has a very special place in all seven hells for Ramsay.
3261	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Huh? No, no; "Boy" is Ramsay, the torturer is the original Reek. Iwan will be around to the bitter end.I know. You misread. Hence "They wouldn't."For further clarification, I said they wouldn't cast Rheon as a non consequential character that gets killed off and then have Ramsey instead played by some other actor who is not even cast.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 16 April 2013 - 11:02 PM.
3262	Dove	2013-04-16	It probably goes against the entire point of Theon's arc about how "justice" isn't pain and such but yeah, I've never longed for the gruesome death of a fictional character more than Ramsay. He's an amazing villain.I was so pumped about Jon vs. Ramsay, Snow vs. Snow and...GRRM! :shakefist:I would like to think that no-one actually finds the character attractive in that way, though.  ... Right? He's hardly a misunderstood bad boy. Then again, people even glamorize real life serial killers, so I suppose it wouldn't surprise me if there's people out there who want a dog named after them or sexualize his treatment of Theon Greyjoy. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Oh, my sweet summer child. What do you know of fear? Fear is for tumblr, where gifs are posted a hundred times over and Theon/Ramsay shippers come howling out of the north....(people do, the sooner you learn to find it funny the sooner it won't annoy or disturb you /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />)
3263	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-16	A lot of the romantic shipping on Tumblr is tongue-in-cheek; a lot of the ship isn't trying to be romantic. Some of it is weird, but since the "Thramsay" tag exploded in crossfire, a few active Tumblrs explained why they ship Theon/Ramsay. I think this one summarizes it.Here is how shipping and liking terrible things works:On one side, there is Canon. See, I adore Theon - I adored him from the start when most of his post-ADWD fans still hated him. That first Reek chapter was my personal RW, and I spent most of it feeling sick, heartbroken and willing the reality of it away. At every awful thing Ramsay did in the books, I thought <U+0080><U+009C>that is fucked up<U+0080><U+009D>. Lady Hornwood<U+0080><U+0099>s fate was horrific. When reading the books I feel all the normal responses.Then on the other side is the fandom playground where shipping lives, where the characters most enjoyed are further enjoyed in a non-canon way. Shipping something as dark as Ramsay/Theon is a disconnect into a sort of AU space where it can be explored in ways that don<U+0080><U+0099>t actually have much to do with canon. It<U+0080><U+0099>s up to the individual<U+0080><U+0099>s kink. For example: I only ship Theon with Ramsay pre-Reek, in an AU space where he keeps his dick. Some people do ship ReekTheon with Ramsay, and while it<U+0080><U+0099>s not for me, they<U+0080><U+0099>re allowed to enjoy that in peace.This doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t mean I condone what Ramsay did, or think it was anything other than horrible (watch my hackles raise every time someone suggests that Theon <U+0080><U+009C>deserved it<U+0080><U+009D>) - no more than people who ship Sansa with Sandor/Littlefinger/Tyrion or any adult male condone statutory rape.Because outside canon and fandom, is the real world. And in the real world, despite what some judgemental idiots in fandom say, my morals are perfectly intact because what I enjoy IN FICTION is not what I want in life, for myself or for anyone else.Type in "Theon Greyjoy" on Tumblr and you get some funny stuff. This made me chortle.I was so pumped about Jon vs. Ramsay, Snow vs. Snow and...Hmm...maybe Jon wargs into Ghost. Ramsay looks up at the battlements just as a monstrous white wolf comes snarling down. Like this.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 16 April 2013 - 11:21 PM.
3264	Tirilei	2013-04-17	I've seen some astute people who supposedly haven't read the book speculate that L+R=J but that the friendly archer who saved him is gonna put Theon through hell.. no one will see that coming. TV viewers are gonna be shocked.Sure. And as a non-book-reader, I almost regret that I read up on it on this site.  I too thought the torture part was over and the young guy was really helping Theon, and that the torturer he killed was this Ramsay guy people had mentioned. At first I was also a bit confused about whether the archer was even the same guy who set him free (wasn't he posing as a servant or cleaner) and gave him the horse. Those iron islands men and Theon's sister are all dressed simple and in gray, and his father despised Theon's fancy clothes, but there that archer was dressed like a young prince. And he wasted a perfectly good arrow on a guy he could have just struck down. Those were the aspects that I thought didn't fit.
3265	Tirilei	2013-04-17	And I agree about Theon's beautiful horse, just a magnificent beauty.  When Theon was galloping across the fields, I had visions of Gandalf on Shadowfax, riding to Gondor.I wonder if that was a stunt double or if Alfie Allen did the horseback riding himself.
3266	Spring Snow	2013-04-17	The use of "Winter Is Coming" in the rescue scene is sort of perfect, I had to laugh out loud. It's a major kick in the teeth if you know what's going on, and it puts you at ease if you don't.It's also pretty funny that even after everything he's been through, Theon's response before he escapes on horseback basically boils down to, "Yeah, I'm kind of a big deal on the Iron Islands." Oh, Theon.Was that the Dreadfort that he was being held in? I assume it wasn't the ruins of Winterfell because he would've recognized the landscape when he was free. I'm really curious about how it's going to look, because I don't remember it being described in the books and you know it has to be evocative with a family like the Boltons living there.(people do, the sooner you learn to find it funny the sooner it won't annoy or disturb you /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />)A lot of the romantic shipping on Tumblr... Oh. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> Oookay, then. I can't wrap my mind around the thought process that finds Ramsay or his horrifying relationship with "Reek" appealing in that way, ironic or not, but at least someone's having fun with it? I'll leave it at that since I just started posting here and I'd rather not be a butt or get a warn already. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
3267	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-17	Goodness no, I'd never warn you! Erm, I wouldn't say ironic so much as joking. Granted, Tumblr is a vast ocean and has some odd fish, but the active ones aren't being "omg soooo cute!"...unless they're poking the people who flip out over other people liking Ramsay as a good villain. There's a strange brand of humor on a lot of Tumbr...
3268	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	Goodness no, I'd never warn you! Erm, I wouldn't say ironic so much as joking. Granted, Tumblr is a vast ocean and has some odd fish, but the active ones aren't being "omg soooo cute!"...unless they're poking the people who flip out over other people liking Ramsay as a good villain. There's a strange brand of humor on a lot of Tumbr...I was just having a look at some of the relevant tumblr then.What has been seen cannot be unseen....
3269	Dove	2013-04-17	uh yeah like 20% of those people tops are sincerely "~joking~", people are weird. And whether it's serious or not or if you carry that outlook/don't carry it to your every day life, the idea of shipping a dynamic like that is intensely problematic and is literally glorifying and/or cutesifying rape and abuse. Gosh, I guess I just don't find it as hilarious as most. Welcome to tumblr - there's a beast in every fan, and it stirs when you put a keyboard in their hand.
3270	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-17	uh yeah like 20% of those people tops are sincerely "~joking~", people are weird. And whether it's serious or not or if you carry that outlook/don't carry it to your every day life, the idea of shipping a dynamic like that is intensely problematic and is literally glorifying and/or cutesifying rape and abuse. Gosh, I guess I just don't find it as hilarious as most. Welcome to tumblr - there's a beast in every fan, and it stirs when you put a keyboard in their hand.Eh, a lot of the shipping I've come across is more character exploration than glorifying, not including some ridiculous cartoons. But I'm Devil's Advocating myself into oblivion, so backing out now. "There's a beast in every fan, and it stirs when you put a keyboard in their hand." HA! Can I sig that, please?
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 17 April 2013 - 02:37 AM.
3271	Dove	2013-04-17	uh sure if you want, I'm sure that quote's been done by a like a million people by now funnier than meOne can call it "kink shaming" or "anti-shipping" or any of those other buzzwords that fandom people throw out but I don't have any stake in any "ships" or whatever so it's kind of meaningless. I just don't think it's that close-minded to look at people salivating over Theon and Ramsay's dynamic and say "what? no gross, why are you objectifying this?" No one cares about consensual BDSM and shit like that, that's not what this is at all.I feel like the fact that the fact that most people who don't indulge in fandom stuff (and even a lot who do) almost unanimously recoil at the idea says a lot about the acceptability of it outside of insular circle-jerky communities like tumblr. Fictional characters or not, where's the line? Whether you say that you don't carry those attitudes with you in every day life, the fact is that by making wank material and drawing cutesy little comics about a monstrously abusive relationship it goes a long way towards normalizing and minimizing it.And yeah, I have to agree with the poster much earlier in the thread who said that this kind of thing would probably be shouted down a lot faster if it was about an abusive male/female relationship instead. Just think of it from a different perspective:Oh don't mind me I'm a Ramsay/Jeyne Poole shipper, just writin some fic and drawin a comic about her getting assaulted and beaten to a pulp and then begging for more~ didn't she look so hot in that one scene with her dress all ripped up? What? lol chill you guyz it's just some in-depth character exploration, i'm only a little turned on I SWEAREdit: actually this is a really dumb derail so yeah I'm done too, sorry y'all. Obviously I'm not gonna be able to comprehend the why and how of it so I'm just running a perfectly good thread into the ground, if anyone wants to debate it or whatever feel free to just message me instead
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 17 April 2013 - 05:17 AM.
3272	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	I still think Ramsey is much too handsome and now they've added in a badass archer dynamic that also wasn't in the books, his father even says he's not a good fighter, not talented at any weapon, no skill, all he does is charge in with no fear.  So, I don't know why they give Ramsey now two attractive characteristics that he does not have in the books.
3273	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-17	I find it hilarious that when Iwan first stared in Misfits Season 1 everyone thought he was really ugly and an absolute nerd/freak. 2 seasons later and *insert some spoilers* he's suddenly a hunk and everyones favourite character.
He's just doing it in reverse now. If anyones watched Iwan's acting in Misfits you can be assured he will make a great Ramsey.
I like how they make some characters better fighters. Stannis's involvement in the Battle of Blackwater was made way better with Stannis scaling the walls and slaughtering men left and right.
					
					
							Edited by aFeastForDragons, 17 April 2013 - 09:07 AM.
3274	BananaSpice	2013-04-17	I hate the term "shipping" to be honest, b/c that implies to me that you want to characters to be together in the actual story rather than just in your kinky head fantasy.
Also, I do personally find all the hate against "Thramsay" to be kink-shaming. If you aren't into it, you just don't get it. Non-con/rape/abuse in a FICTIONAL setting is obviously a big kink for many people. There's really no harm in it. Of COURSE people don't want that in real life. That's why it's a fantasy and not real.
3275	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-17	Was that the Dreadfort that he was being held in? I assume it wasn't the ruins of Winterfell because he would've recognized the landscape when he was free. I'm really curious about how it's going to look, because I don't remember it being described in the books and you know it has to be evocative with a family like the Boltons living there.Well if it is the Dreadfort, and "Boy" told Theon to ride east then there is really only Karhold to the east of the dreadfort.What if it was Hornwood land?The Dreadfort is to the east then.Just a thought
3276	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-17	I hate the term "shipping" to be honest, b/c that implies to me that you want to characters to be together in the actual story rather than just in your kinky head fantasy.Also, I do personally find all the hate against "Thramsay" to be kink-shaming. If you aren't into it, you just don't get it. Non-con/rape/abuse in a FICTIONAL setting is obviously a big kink for many people. There's really no harm in it. Of COURSE people don't want that in real life. That's why it's a fantasy and not real.I agree with JenthehenSome people are way over-reacting and are forgetting that GoT is a fictional fantasy story
3277	Dove	2013-04-17	Fair enough, I just feel quite strongly that some things really, truly shouldn't be fetishized, glorified, or made light of, and brutal, violent abuse and debasement is one of them, even if it's in a fictional context. But unfortunately they will, because this is the internet, and there's nothing anyone can do about it - and this isn't the place for a debate on harmful and problematic attitudes involving rape online anyway.
3278	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-17	Fair enough.
ANYHOODLE I'm really curious if Yara's storyline will intersect directly with Theon's. We haven't seen her at all so I'm not sure if she'll come in as her own plotline or pop into someone else's.
3279	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-17	Yara shouldnt be needed again until Balons death and Euron returns
3280	BananaSpice	2013-04-17	Fair enough, I just feel quite strongly that some things really, truly shouldn't be fetishized, glorified, or made light of, and brutal, violent abuse and debasement is one of them, even if it's in a fictional context. But unfortunately they will, because this is the internet, and there's nothing anyone can do about it - and this isn't the place for a debate on harmful and problematic attitudes involving rape online anyway.I can completely understand where you're coming from, and it's hard to explain how one can hate rape and abuse, and be able to intelligently understand and even discuss how awful it is, and STILL be aroused by the *fantasy* of it (i.e. not the real situation). It really isn't something you can help, and it also doesn't mean something is psychologically wrong - it's obviously really common. Just like you can't help who you love, you can't help what turns you on (right, right? wink wink / nudge nudge /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />)I would distinguish this from people having problematic views on rape or making light of it (granted, there could be some overlap). I actually get really angry at people on twitter saying that Theon should have been raped / deserved it / or they laugh about it / etc. x A Million. I actually bet the people who DO get a rise out of rape/violence/abuse fantasies are less likely to make light of it, and tread a lot more carefully, than many people who feel neutral, but think they are funny, etc.
3281	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	I still think Ramsey is much too handsome and now they've added in a badass archer dynamic that also wasn't in the books, his father even says he's not a good fighter, not talented at any weapon, no skill, all he does is charge in with no fear.  So, I don't know why they give Ramsey now two attractive characteristics that he does not have in the books.Because it doesn't matter if he was handsome or not, nor if he's good with a bow or not. It's a different character. Once you get that into your head you'll probably be able to actually watch something and enjoy it for the entity that it is.What does Ramsey's looks or bow skills detract at all from the show in general?
3282	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	i always thought ramsay's archery skills were kinda a nod to him being a 'hunter' somewhat, and his 'hunting' of the girls. 
also, you don't need as much training with archery, as you do blades. and someone mentioned a lot of common folk would fight wiith bows, that makes sense. he grew up on a mill didnt he?
3283	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	Because it doesn't matter if he was handsome or not, nor if he's good with a bow or not. It's a different character. Once you get that into your head you'll probably be able to actually watch something and enjoy it for the entity that it is.What does Ramsey's looks or bow skills detract at all from the show in general?How is it a different character?  Is he not going to be Ramsey Bolton, the bastard of Bolton, Roose Bolton's bastard son?  If so, then, he is the same character.It doesn't detract from the show, I just find it a strange choice to make a repulsive serial rapist torturer murderer into a good looking badass.
3284	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	but who is to say he won't still be a repulsive character? which im certain he will be. i keep repeating, this actor, when we get to some real nasty ramsay scenes IS going to be just as hideous, repulsive and scary as book ramsay, im sure of it
i have faith in his acting.
3285	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	How is it a different character?  Is he not going to be Ramsey Bolton, the bastard of Bolton, Roose Bolton's bastard son?  If so, then, he is the same character.It doesn't detract from the show, I just find it a strange choice to make a repulsive serial rapist torturer murderer into a good looking badass.Why is it strange? Are good looking people immune to being mad or villainous? It makes his revelation even better because you think, "Wow, I really liked that guy. WTF?!" whereas if he looks and acts like book Ramsey your initial reaction is to think he's a bit creepy.And it's a different character because it's not the character GRRM wrote. It's a character D&D wrote and portrayed by another different person. Just like the story is based on aSoIaF and not just aSoIaF. He has the same name and general story, but once you adapt a character for a different format, it ceases to be the same character.
3286	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	i think this whole physiognomy is very archaic. UGLY PEOPLE = EVIL
BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE = GOOD
sometimes the beautiful evil people are so much more chilling. especially when they can go from beautiful to repulsive and ugly and scary with one facial expression.
3287	Dove	2013-04-17	It's a little different but you have to consider that we're seeing the "badass" side of him because he's still got his 'mask' on. He's playing a part to win Theon's trust/find out about Bran and Rickon/give a glimmer of hope, but I don't think it will last.
Ramsay Snow is the single most repulsive character in the series, so I strongly doubt they're going to portray his monstrousness all that differently in the end. There's too much potential there for a good villain. They're just taking a slightly different approach to his appearance - TV very rarely goes full ugly. Like I've mentioned it's a shame that him being sorta cute makes it easy for a lot people to miss the point and idolize him or whatever, but you can't let that ruin a good character for you.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 17 April 2013 - 06:43 PM.
3288	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	i look forward to seeing the transition on screen the descent into utter evil
3289	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	i think this whole physiognomy is very archaic. UGLY PEOPLE = EVILBEAUTIFUL PEOPLE = GOODsometimes the beautiful evil people are so much more chilling. especially when they can go from beautiful to repulsive and ugly and scary with one facial expression.The ugly truth of the matter is that beautiful people are given a pass where ugly people are not. Even in these books, characters that are written as beautiful and charming are given a pass by readers where others are not.   And there is a much better chance that TV Ramsey played by a hot actor will have fans who will excuse what he does to Theon, that's my opinion, it may be wrong, but I still think its a creepy choice of all the characters to make significantly more handsome, that they chose Ramsey Bolton.
3290	Head of The Ned	2013-04-17	Because it doesn't matter if he was handsome or not, nor if he's good with a bow or not. It's a different character. Once you get that into your head you'll probably be able to actually watch something and enjoy it for the entity that it is.What does Ramsey's looks or bow skills detract at all from the show in general?You mean the characters in the book aren't supposed to be exactly the same in the show? Well that is news to me!
3291	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	well, at least i know i'll appreciate the horror of his character. i don't care if some fan girls want to fantasize about being tortured by a hot ramsay, im still gonna appreciate how fucking awful and evil he is. so i guess it doesn't bother me so much.
3292	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-17	I don't why you'd care what shallow or weird people make of a character. I'd like him to be played by a good actor and I'd like his revelation of being a brutal bastard to be shocking, because I like to watch good TV, not TV made to be as faithful of an adaptation as humanly possible at the expense of everything else that's important.
3293	Dove	2013-04-17	The ugly truth of the matter is that beautiful people are given a pass where ugly people are not. Even in these books, characters that are written as beautiful and charming are given a pass by readers where others are not.   And there is a much better chance that TV Ramsey played by a hot actor will have fans who will excuse what he does to Theon, that's my opinion, it may be wrong, but I still think its a creepy choice of all the characters to make significantly more handsome, that they chose Ramsey Bolton.People reveled in him and enjoyed his character/his treatment of others in all sorts of gross ways even before this, so you really can't let it bother you. People will always wildly misinterpret things or latch on in the wrong way, that's just a fact of enjoying fiction unfortunatelyIwan Rheon is a really, really good actor and he's super good at playing a megacreep and pulling weird faces. I genuinely think he'll be fantastic and I'm the world's biggest critic of the ooh ramsay-chan~~ kind of bullshit.
3294	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	People reveled in him and enjoyed his character/his treatment of others in all sorts of gross ways even before this, so you really can't let it bother you. People will always wildly misinterpret things or latch on in the wrong way, that's just a fact of enjoying fiction unfortunatelyIwan Rheon is a really, really good actor and he's super good at playing a megacreep and pulling weird faces. I genuinely think he'll be fantastic and I'm the world's biggest critic of the ooh ramsay-chan~~ kind of bullshit.me too, for real. a kink is a kink is a kink, but my GOD. /shudder.
3295	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	People reveled in him and enjoyed his character/his treatment of others in all sorts of gross ways even before this, so you really can't let it bother you. People will always wildly misinterpret things or latch on in the wrong way, that's just a fact of enjoying fiction unfortunatelyIwan Rheon is a really, really good actor and he's super good at playing a megacreep and pulling weird faces. I genuinely think he'll be fantastic and I'm the world's biggest critic of the ooh ramsay-chan~~ kind of bullshit.What people reveled in his character's treatment of others?  Theon deserves death, there is no question, but he didn't deserve that, its a testament to GRRM writing that while I will never forgive Theon for the havoc his stupidity caused, I felt immense sympathy for him.  He was a dumb spoiled boy who caused a lot of unintended destruction, and for that he deserves to die, but not be tortured out of his identity.  WTF is wrong with people?Yes, I agree he will probably be a great creepy Ramsey, I don't know, I've tried to explain enough times why the casting seems so strange to me, its not that big of a deal, if TV Ramsey gets a huge twitter fan following, I won't even say I told you so.
3296	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	What people reveled in his character's treatment of others?  Theon deserves death, there is no question, but he didn't deserve that, its a testament to GRRM writing that while I will never forgive Theon for the havoc his stupidity caused, I felt immense sympathy for him.  He was a dumb spoiled boy who caused a lot of unintended destruction, and for that he deserves to die, but not be tortured out of his identity.  WTF is wrong with people?Yes, I agree he will probably be a great creepy Ramsey, I don't know, I've tried to explain enough times why the casting seems so strange to me, its not that big of a deal, if TV Ramsey gets a huge twitter fan following, I won't even say I told you so.oh, im sure he will. people are weird. but weird people aren't my problem.
3297	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	g' of the girls.also, you don't need as much training with archery, as you do blades. Highly debateable. Typical Medieval longbow men started their training at the age of 8 and weren't considered 'proficient' until they were 18. 300 arrows per training session were considered the norm if someone was even to be considered as 'good' with the longbow. Its just that the bow was considered a 'cowards' weapon and that's why few if any bowmen ever received any title or honours such as knighthoods.
3298	Dove	2013-04-17	It's kind of interesting that a bow would have been considered a coward's weapon, since in ASOIAF they're always calling poison a "coward's weapon" and Ramsay probably poisoned his brother. Ties in nicely to that.Until shortly before the start of the series he was just a dude living in a mill with a stinky necrophiliac buddy and nothing to his name except bitterness. Anything peasant-y works fine.Edit: someone mentioned last page that they might be in Hornwood lands, I didn't think of that. By this point in the books he'd already kidnapped Lady Hornwood and starved her, so if he's acting Lord of the Hornwood now that would explain why he's secure enough in his position to run around indiscriminately killing his own men as a part of his game. (not that it needs an excuse at all since he's a crazy fucker)What people reveled in his character's treatment of others?  Theon deserves death, there is no question, but he didn't deserve that, its a testament to GRRM writing that while I will never forgive Theon for the havoc his stupidity caused, I felt immense sympathy for him.  He was a dumb spoiled boy who caused a lot of unintended destruction, and for that he deserves to die, but not be tortured out of his identity.  WTF is wrong with people?Yes, I agree he will probably be a great creepy Ramsey, I don't know, I've tried to explain enough times why the casting seems so strange to me, its not that big of a deal, if TV Ramsey gets a huge twitter fan following, I won't even say I told you so.Oh he'll have a huge following, of that I have no doubt. he already does. People "enjoy" his character in a number of different ways besides "he's a good villain" and it used to legit bum me out until I learned to laugh at the sheer absurdity of it.If you haven't already and you've ever got time to kill, you should definitely watch Misfits on hulu, all the episodes are there to watch even for free users. It's a great show (well it's pretty hit or miss actually but i love it anyway!) and it will give you a glimpse at Rheon doin' his thing, especially his persona in the first series
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 17 April 2013 - 09:36 PM.
3299	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	It's kind of interesting that a bow would have been considered a coward's weapon, since in ASOIAF they're always calling poison a "coward's weapon" and Ramsay probably poisoned his brother. Ties in nicely to that.Fair enough - think of more as the "Peasant's weapon."
3300	Spring Snow	2013-04-17	Edit: someone mentioned last page that they might be in Hornwood lands, I didn't think of that. By this point in the books he'd already kidnapped Lady Hornwood and starved her, so if he's acting Lord of the Hornwood now that would explain why he's secure enough in his position to run around indiscriminately killing his own men as a part of his game. (not that it needs an excuse at all since he's a crazy fucker)This seems possible, as does the Dreadfort. One of the nicest things about this particular story line is that we're nearly as disoriented as the ones who haven't read the books.I distinctly remember a shot of Yara in one of the trailers released before the premiere aired, so we know that she'll have some sort of part to play this season. Whether it directly involves Theon or is simply set-up for the upcoming Kingsmoot and ironborn conflict is anyone's guess. Maybe she'll just be there to remind us that Balon exists before his death, because most people have forgotten him.
3301	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	i like the introducing him as ''good'' character WHEN WE KNOW WHAT SHIT'S GONNA GO DOWN, WE KNOW
3302	Sweet-N-SourRobin	2013-04-17	i like the introducing him as ''good'' character WHEN WE KNOW WHAT SHIT'S GONNA GO DOWN, WE KNOWI'm starting to think this might even be part of the reason why we're getting Locke The Loyal Leech Lord Bannerman instead of Vargo Hoat the Lithping Merthenary.  Locke being savage and brutal can be be the hint at the true M.O. of House Bolton/The Dreadfort yet not give away the surprise at the end of this season, as would happen if we saw scenes with Roose signing off on these actions.  To say nothing of the revelation that Roose's bastard son is the Sickest Puppy in a story full of Sick Puppies.  Either of these could telegraph betrayal too far in advance.  Locke can be dismissed by Bolton -- and by the audience watching the show -- as a rogue element.Once they pull the curtain back and Rheon's "Boy" gets identified as Ramsay The Bastard Of Bolton, it won't be hard for show-only fans to put two and to together.In light of all this I am REALLY curious to see how they handle Harrenhal next week, assuming Locke drags the maimed Jaime there to meet up with his boss, as Robb has left Roose in charge of it (and Qyburn is presumably still recuperating there) and get the show back in sync (mostly) with the book.
3303	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-17	*shrug* They cast an actor who could do disturbing sick puppy well. Iwan can play a very sick puppy.
I think they're trying to make his unveiling epic and horrible because the show needs a villain who can fill the gap when Joffers bites the dust. Say what you want about Joffrey, his actor is bloody fantastic at making you feel visceral loathing.
3304	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-18	Show Joffrey is so fantastic. Gleeson has done a wonderful job.
3305	Set_Gecko	2013-04-15	I really liked how both of them were played. Really good. I never imagined Blackfish beinng so tall, but whatever.
The only gripe about their first showing I have is not actually about how they are played, but the writing and skipping - when I read that scene of Robb and Blackfish shaming Edmure for his victory over the Mountain, that was extremely powerful to me, mainly because I was invested in that battle when we "saw" it in Cat's POV, and when that turned out to be a big blunder - I was feeling ashamed too, because I was kinda rooting for Edmure when that thing happened, and then I started to appreciate Robb's strategic thought even more.
Here it all feels so....rushed. Doesn't have that emotional impact. So ok, right off the bat we are basically told that Robb's uncle is an asshole who thinks just because he is senior in age and relative, he can disobey a direct order of his king, because he blundered somewhere sometime. Big deal. But in the books - I felt ashamed myself. I really felt the strategic superiority of Blackfish and Robb, because I was so invested in the wrong decision.
3306	Iotun	2013-04-16	But what would they have been doing in the past seasons?
3307	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	It peeves me O that we haven't seen Aero Hota yet.
3308	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-16	Areo Hotah doesn't even appear in the books at this point..
3309	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	I've stated to friends the shows should be 12 episodes a season rather than 10 and we'd have a bit more room to breathe but the simple fact is the books are being condensed and things suffer. On the other hand, the show opens up new things like, "How do the Riverlords feel about trading one king for another?'
3310	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-16	too many characters being introduced at one time is very bad. My brother is the one who got me into the show, which after the first season I decided to read all the books... then i lost my social life. However my point is that if the show introduces too many characters at once than the TV show fans would become way more confused. My brother for example, I have to constantly tell him who is who during the show because he is getting really confused between all the new (and old) characters. So therefore I disagree with you in regards to Brynden and Edmure being introduced too late.
3311	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-16	Yeah, if the Tullys had been introduced in previous seasons there would have been too many characters to keep going. Even at the moment major characters have to skip episodes and that will only get worse and then keeping the minor characters' actors on the books for multiple series is hard enough already
3312	Toxspecific	2013-04-16	I didn't like one thing; if they're going to show Edmure as blundering more often than he does in the books - and taking flak for it from others - they should show Catelyn as the one who comforts him. In character, and she was fond of him in the books.
3313	dttljs123	2013-04-16	They should have had the Blackfish since Catelyn's time in the Vale. After the turmoil at Tyrion's trial he leaves Lysa's service for the Lady Stark.
3314	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	I agree that you just can't put everything from the books into the show. It gets confusing, especially since a large amount of viewers are not reading the books and are not going to read them.  I like how they were introduced on the show.
3315	devilrob6	2013-04-16	I really liked how both of them were played. Really good. I never imagined Blackfish beinng so tall, but whatever.The only gripe about their first showing I have is not actually about how they are played, but the writing and skipping - when I read that scene of Robb and Blackfish shaming Edmure for his victory over the Mountain, that was extremely powerful to me, mainly because I was invested in that battle when we "saw" it in Cat's POV, and when that turned out to be a big blunder - I was feeling ashamed too, because I was kinda rooting for Edmure when that thing happened, and then I started to appreciate Robb's strategic thought even more.Here it all feels so....rushed. Doesn't have that emotional impact. So ok, right off the bat we are basically told that Robb's uncle is an asshole who thinks just because he is senior in age and relative, he can disobey a direct order of his king, because he blundered somewhere sometime. Big deal. But in the books - I felt ashamed myself. I really felt the strategic superiority of Blackfish and Robb, because I was so invested in the wrong decision.Wasn't it a victory over Tywin whole army in the books? Not just the Mountain. It was about drawing Tywin west so he couldn't defend King's Landing from Stannis, not about getting the Mountain's head on a stake. I didn't like how poor Edmure wasn't even appreciated for taking two little Lannisters as captives. I think the Lannisters care much more about these kids than they'd care about the Mountain. I also wondered how the Blackfish would know about Robb's plans in the show, while Edmure didn't. Didn't meet Robb those two guys at the same time then? Why keep the most important of the Tully's in the dark? It made much more sense in the books, when Blackfish was with Robb much earlier.
3316	Buckwheat	2013-04-16	I actually think the confusion about Robb's plot makes more sense if Robb and Edmure have not already met before and Robb had not chance to tell him about it, so Edmure did what he thought was necessary. In the books where Robb fails to explain the plan to him, it is a little silly.
3317	Reposado	2013-04-16	yeah the one thing thats impossible to do on a  show is have a brief scene or two with a character that will have a bigger role in a future season. just way to hard to hold on to the actor, that its way better to just write around itI actually think the confusion about Robb's plot makes more sense if Robb and Edmure have not already met before and Robb had not chance to tell him about it, so Edmure did what he thought was necessary. In the books where Robb fails to explain the plan to him, it is a little silly.yeah i think so, although this reflects very badly on robb. he apparently expected edmure to guess his planWasn't it a victory over Tywin whole army in the books? Not just the Mountain. It was about drawing Tywin west so he couldn't defend King's Landing from Stannis, not about getting the Mountain's head on a stake.yeah thats how it went down but book robb was a lot smarter
3318	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	Here it all feels so....rushed. Doesn't have that emotional impact. So ok, right off the bat we are basically told that Robb's uncle is an asshole who thinks just because he is senior in age and relative, he can disobey a direct order of his king, because he blundered somewhere sometime. Big deal. But in the books - I felt ashamed myself. I really felt the strategic superiority of Blackfish and Robb, because I was so invested in the wrong decision.Robb and Brycen weren't strategically superior. They simply wanted to get some dirt on Edmure so they could force him to make up for Robb's mistake of marrying Jeyne and gave Edmure really vague orders, something they shouldn't have done. Edmure is simply their scapegoat. Robb and Brycen's plan rested on Tywin being stupid enough to march his army into an area where he couldn't move his cavalry properly, something I don't see him doing. Then there's the fact the Tyrell host alone outnumbered Stannis a lot at King's Landing, so Edmure's successful defense of his lands, while it helped, wasn't decisive to the success of the defense of King's Landing. Giving up easily defendable positions immediately without any bloodshed isn't a sound tactical move, either.Then there's the whole 'ohh the messengers reached him in time because he stopped them.' Guys, a messenger moves a lot faster than an army, it wouldn't have mattered much if they had marched a few miles further before the messengers reached them. Plus Edmure gained Robb more time to keep pillaging the Westerlands.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 10:30 AM.
3319	Greywolf2375	2013-04-16	They should have had the Blackfish since Catelyn's time in the Vale. After the turmoil at Tyrion's trial he leaves Lysa's service for the Lady Stark.They could have added him there, but it would have mostly been throwaway because the focus was on Tyrion and Catelyn as well as Lysa's mental state.I'm fine with bringing them in when they did, while it would have been nice to see them earlier, it didn't cost anything to have them added in when they did.
3320	Buckwheat	2013-04-16	yeah i think so, although this reflects very badly on robb. he apparently expected edmure to guess his planYep, that is stupid on Robb's part.yeah thats how it went down but book robb was a lot smarterHe was. That is also true about Jon.I'm fine with bringing them in when they did, while it would have been nice to see them earlier, it didn't cost anything to have them added in when they did.I agree. The show has probably a hundred characters by now (no idea, I have not counted them /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />), so they really need to include whom they really need and no characters that might or might not become important two seasons later.
3321	protar	2013-04-16	While it's not waaaay earlier, I think that the Tullys should have been introduced last episode instead of this episode. So much of episode 1 and 2 could have been combined to make one awesome premier so the news of Hoster's death could have been in E1. But I'm fine with delaying them till season 3. The show has way too many characters to keep track of.
3322	Tadco26	2013-04-16	I understand the need to limit cast numbers and story lines, and therefore the need to delay the appearance of the Tully's.  It's a change that is regrettable, but understandable to me. 
It was a bit off kilter to have Robb talking to Edmure like they have known each other for years when as far as we know TV wise they just met for the first time.  It also begs the question of what was the Blackfish doing while Edmure was attacking the Mountain?  He wasn't with Robb, and it seems odd that he would be chastising Edmure now, if he was part of that attack...
3323	Mammothsbane	2013-04-16	Wasn't it a victory over Tywin whole army in the books? Not just the Mountain. It was about drawing Tywin west so he couldn't defend King's Landing from Stannis, not about getting the Mountain's head on a stake. I didn't like how poor Edmure wasn't even appreciated for taking two little Lannisters as captives. I think the Lannisters care much more about these kids than they'd care about the Mountain. I also wondered how the Blackfish would know about Robb's plans in the show, while Edmure didn't. Didn't meet Robb those two guys at the same time then? Why keep the most important of the Tully's in the dark? It made much more sense in the books, when Blackfish was with Robb much earlier.Yeah the point was to draw everyone West. Once the Mountain got held up, Tywin turned around and went to King's Landing.The show made it seem like Edmure had orders from Robb and deliberately disobeyed them in order to save a mill and win himself some glory. The book made it seem like Edmure did not know the orders and made an effort to defend his land, which backfired Robb's plan.
3324	Titan	2013-04-16	I've stated to friends the shows should be 12 episodes a season rather than 10 and we'd have a bit more room to breathe but the simple fact is the books are being condensed and things suffer. On the other hand, the show opens up new things like, "How do the Riverlords feel about trading one king for another?'It's got little to do with how many episodes there are, even if there were 20 episodes per season. At some point there are just too many characters for the viewers to remember - that's why they delayed introducing them.
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 16 April 2013 - 01:59 PM.
3325	Sofokles	2013-04-16	So we have Brutus as Edmure Tully and Ceasar as Mance Rayder...
Actor choice for Edmure is ok but i would have never gotten in my head to pick Ciaran Hinds for Mance Rayder.It just dont fit.
					
					
							Edited by Sofokles, 16 April 2013 - 03:34 PM.
3326	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-16	But what would they have been doing in the past seasons?If they had only put Catelyn and Jaime in Riverrun when they were supposed to there would have been plenty for him to do in Season 2.They also couldn't say that the Blackfish was there representing the Vale as well as being Hoster's brother, because he wasn't there in Season 1.
3327	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	For my money, I LOVED the casting of Brynden "the Blackfish."  He's nearly exactly as I imagined him.So we have Brutus as Edmure Tully and Ceasar as Mance Rayder...Actor choice for Edmure is ok but i would have never gotten in my head to pick Ciaran Hinds for Mance Rayder.It just dont fit.Only a matter of time, I guess, before we have Brutus as....who, Ser Arys Oakheart?  Oberyn Martell?
					
					
							Edited by WinterisAlwaysComing, 16 April 2013 - 04:34 PM.
3328	Reposado	2013-04-16	If they had only put Catelyn and Jaime in Riverrun when they were supposed to there would have been plenty for him to do in Season 2.They also couldn't say that the Blackfish was there representing the Vale as well as being Hoster's brother, because he wasn't there in Season 1.right but that would have required creating another extensive set that wouldnt see much use until the next season. just one of those things that wasnt going to happen
3329	Bizzy	2013-04-16	What I don't understand is why they made the bow scene so idiotic. The Blackfish should have gotten the Bow more soft from Edmure. Of course in the book it also shows Edmure's failure, but on the other hand it isn't easy to hit a boat on a river with an arrow, well for a skilled archer like Blackfish it may be not difficult (But not that easy, like he does it), but well it was respectless, a noble family doesn't do something like that in public.
And the normally good idea, the Blackfish correcting Edmure for saying nephew instead my King, turns with the behavior of the blackfish at the funeral in mind to be totally stupid. Edmure calls his nephew, nephew instead of King in privacy, the Blackfish had mocked his Lord in publicy...
3330	Kasrith	2013-04-16	Areo Hotah doesn't even appear in the books at this point..I believe it's called sarcasm... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I think it was a perfect introduction. Show readers had two new characters introduced, but it felt so natural that it didn't seem to bother anyone. On the contrary they really liked it from what I got. Well written, well executed. As per OP's comment on understanding Robb's strategy, that still came across in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 16 April 2013 - 07:27 PM.
3331	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	It's got little to do with how many episodes there are, even if there were 20 episodes per season. At some point there are just too many characters for the viewers to remember - that's why they delayed introducing them.It's also more expensive to hire two significant new cast members.
3332	Minsc	2013-04-16	What I don't understand is why they made the bow scene so idiotic. The Blackfish should have gotten the Bow more soft from Edmure. Of course in the book it also shows Edmure's failure, but on the other hand it isn't easy to hit a boat on a river with an arrow, well for a skilled archer like Blackfish it may be not difficult (But not that easy, like he does it), but well it was respectless, a noble family doesn't do something like that in public.The more annoying part is how Blackfish doesn't really judge Edmure in the books for his missing, instead references how Hoster missed for their lord father also thus noting that it was likely the emotional resonance of losing a father which causes the missing.
3333	Winterfell is Burning	2013-04-17	It was a bit off kilter to have Robb talking to Edmure like they have known each other for years when as far as we know TV wise they just met for the first time.  .Since the two characters are related, it isn't really all that much. Although every TV show that runs long enough suffers with that sort of thing eventually- introducing important characters from the past that were never mentioned on the show before. The Sopranos with Tony Blundetto in S05 is a good example.
3334	dansnow	2013-04-17	While I agree you can't add too many characters at once, and I like the way they added them, I think they should have just cut the part about Edmure messing up Robbs plans. Without the build up it made no sense. I watched it with my brother who didn't read the books but rarely gets confused, and he turned to me and said "what the hell are they talking about". It also made less sense for Robb to get mad, in the books Edmure disobeyed Robb's orders, here he literally could not have guessed what Robb wanted, he just did what he thought was necessary and protected an important mill on his land.
					
					
							Edited by dansnow, 17 April 2013 - 01:14 AM.
3335	Currawong	2013-04-17	Well, you do have to follow the dialogue closely and understand matters that have obviously gone on before off-screen.  There are always certain things that are clearly implied by what is said or done.   It seemed perfectly clear to me from the Riverrun scenes that in off screen actions:-1.  Robb and Catelyn had met with Edmure and Brynden at least briefly before the actual funeral - I mean, when we left them in Ep 2 they were still on their horses going to Rivverun!  So you you naturally assume that they had some sort of social interaction with the Tullys when they arrived, and didn't just leap off their horses and go straight to the riverbank where the funeral pyre boat was waiting.2.  Robb had sent orders to Edmure to hold his position at Riverrun i.e. stay there.  The dialogue and acting made it very clear that he and Brynden clearly didn't think Robb needed to spell it out in words of one syllable (to a man who is older than he is), that this actually meant:  "Stay put - do not venture out - just stay where you are and defend against any attack."	 These orders had been sent some time ago, because clearly there has been a battle while Robb was on the road, and Edmure is now back at Riverrun looking forward to being praised for his 'victory' at winning 'a mill' at the cost of several hundred valuable knights.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 April 2013 - 02:21 AM.
3336	The Mondrian Oak	2013-04-17	First and foremost, hello everyone, this is my first post on this forum.
I think that what many are forgetting as far as Edmure and Brynden are concerned, is that the show has only three-four minutes to establish their main carachter features. They had to establish the Blackfish as a strong leader who is also a caring uncle, and Edmure as an incompetent, yet honest and loyal man. How to do that?
First, fine, Edmure had to miss the first three arrow shots. And when he does, we all see that every missed shot wounds him inside a little bit more than the previous. Then, the Blackfish shoves him (and Edmure does not manage to hide his being humiliated) and takes care of the matter, thus showing his authority and ability. Yes, he didn't shove Edmure in the book, but at that point of aSoS, we all knew who they were and what they were capable of doing. In the show we don't.
Then, the second scene; at first Edmure comes out as arrogant, and Brynden, following his previous actions, shows his leadership and competence in war/political matters. Then Robb gets angry with Edmure, as the latter understands his mistakes and says maybe the most sincere "sorry" on the show (and we don't see many people apologizing, in GoT). Therefore yes, he may be arrogant and incompetent sometimes, but he is basically naive, and most importantly, loyal.
And last, the scene with Cat manages to show how caring, comforting yet strong the Blackfish is.
So, the two have been pefectly portrayed, their most important and complex features clearly defined in JUST THREE MINUTES. If this is not outstanding character development, then I don't know what is.
3337	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-17	Have you noticed that nobody in the episode pronounced the name "Edmure"? and that the Blackfish was properly introduced during his dialogue with Cat, while Edmure never really was... I think many non-readers (aka "the unsullied" /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> ) are still wondering who the hell is that very lame archer who calls the king in the north nephew...
3338	eetrebor	2013-04-17	Aerys, 
Robb mentions his "uncle Edmure" during his conversation with Karstark in Ep. 2.
3339	Eggy	2013-04-17	The more annoying part is how Blackfish doesn't really judge Edmure in the books for his missing, instead references how Hoster missed for their lord father also thus noting that it was likely the emotional resonance of losing a father which causes the missing.Hoster only missed the first arrow though, he hit with the second one. It was Edmure's drinking the day before that made him miss. At least that is how Cat sees it.
3340	Batman	2013-04-17	Brynden seems like a dickhead. Edmures dad just died and he treated him so poorly for missing that shot.
3341	dolphlundgren	2013-04-17	With good reason, it seems the writers have avoided introducing new characters before they have anything major to do (with some exceptions).
The other thing about having so many characters, and so little screen time for each, is that you have to make them memorable. Blackfish's treatment of Edmure at the funeral wasn't exactly true to the book character, but it was more memorable, so I think it works a lot better in the tv show.
3342	Titan	2013-04-17	First and foremost, hello everyone, this is my first post on this forum.I think that what many are forgetting as far as Edmure and Brynden are concerned, is that the show has only three-four minutes to establish their main carachter features. They had to establish the Blackfish as a strong leader who is also a caring uncle, and Edmure as an incompetent, yet honest and loyal man. How to do that?First, fine, Edmure had to miss the first three arrow shots. And when he does, we all see that every missed shot wounds him inside a little bit more than the previous. Then, the Blackfish shoves him (and Edmure does not manage to hide his being humiliated) and takes care of the matter, thus showing his authority and ability. Yes, he didn't shove Edmure in the book, but at that point of aSoS, we all knew who they were and what they were capable of doing. In the show we don't.Then, the second scene; at first Edmure comes out as arrogant, and Brynden, following his previous actions, shows his leadership and competence in war/political matters. Then Robb gets angry with Edmure, as the latter understands his mistakes and says maybe the most sincere "sorry" on the show (and we don't see many people apologizing, in GoT). Therefore yes, he may be arrogant and incompetent sometimes, but he is basically naive, and most importantly, loyal.And last, the scene with Cat manages to show how caring, comforting yet strong the Blackfish is.So, the two have been pefectly portrayed, their most important and complex features clearly defined in JUST THREE MINUTES. If this is not outstanding character development, then I don't know what is.A brilliant first post, absolutely right. This is an example of excellent screen writing and adaptation skills.
3343	FuriousGeorge	2013-04-17	First and foremost, hello everyone, this is my first post on this forum.I think that what many are forgetting as far as Edmure and Brynden are concerned, is that the show has only three-four minutes to establish their main carachter features. They had to establish the Blackfish as a strong leader who is also a caring uncle, and Edmure as an incompetent, yet honest and loyal man. How to do that?First, fine, Edmure had to miss the first three arrow shots. And when he does, we all see that every missed shot wounds him inside a little bit more than the previous. Then, the Blackfish shoves him (and Edmure does not manage to hide his being humiliated) and takes care of the matter, thus showing his authority and ability. Yes, he didn't shove Edmure in the book, but at that point of aSoS, we all knew who they were and what they were capable of doing. In the show we don't.Then, the second scene; at first Edmure comes out as arrogant, and Brynden, following his previous actions, shows his leadership and competence in war/political matters. Then Robb gets angry with Edmure, as the latter understands his mistakes and says maybe the most sincere "sorry" on the show (and we don't see many people apologizing, in GoT). Therefore yes, he may be arrogant and incompetent sometimes, but he is basically naive, and most importantly, loyal.And last, the scene with Cat manages to show how caring, comforting yet strong the Blackfish is.So, the two have been pefectly portrayed, their most important and complex features clearly defined in JUST THREE MINUTES. If this is not outstanding character development, then I don't know what is.This is basically what I wanted to say. Also technically everything we read in the books is from the point of view of one character who will inevitably inflect every situation with their predispositions which gives D&D a lot of room for manoeuvere without having to truly deviate from the source material. Of course sometimes they do deviate from the source material but in scenes like this no one can say that they have, because Cat may not have seen Rob smirking and may not have been particularly conscious of how Edmure's masculinity was being called into question by the other men at the funeral. So many times I have seen people complaining about the characterization of certain relationships, even though in the books we only get one perspective of those relationships. This is sort of to do with 'unreliable narrators' but a little bit more subtle in that its not about the narrators lying or making something up that we know didn't happen, but simply about the fact that we all perceive almost every facet of our life differently to other people.
3344	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-18	I believe it's called sarcasm... /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />You'll have to excuse me for not sensing the sarcasm in a phrase such as "It peeves me off that Areo Hotah hasn't been introduced yet" which is clearly dripping with it. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
3345	Bayard	2013-04-18	Yeah, if the Tullys had been introduced in previous seasons there would have been too many characters to keep going. Even at the moment major characters have to skip episodes and that will only get worse and then keeping the minor characters' actors on the books for multiple series is hard enough alreadyToo many??? Except Roose there are no other Northern or Riverland lords... Karstark had 3 scenes so far, and he'll disappear soon enough. Who will attend the RW?? who will be a prisoner later on... there are too few people in the North.
3346	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-18	Too many??? Except Roose there are no other Northern or Riverland lords... Karstark had 3 scenes so far, and he'll disappear soon enough. Who will attend the RW?? who will be a prisoner later on... there are too few people in the North.And, even under those circumstances, they still have to cut a lot of material. To me, they decided that Edmure and Brynden were only important for the RW and, therefore, it was only worth introducing them in this season. What would these two do in season 2?
3347	Miodrag	2013-04-18	And, even under those circumstances, they still have to cut a lot of material. To me, they decided that Edmure and Brynden were only important for the RW and, therefore, it was only worth introducing them in this season. What would these two do in season 2?Split the Talisa's time, maybe? You know, Blackfish attending meetings about strategy (which would also require both strategy and meetings about it, and both would've probably be very welcomed by the viewers, especially non-readers), while Edmure running Riverrun and giving much needed depth to the War of the Five Kings. It's not impossible to accomplish all of that through shear dialogue, for which, once again, time could've been taken from Talisa "character". Just saying
3348	Ravi Seaworth	2013-04-18	Split the Talisa's time, maybe? You know, Blackfish attending meetings about strategy (which would also require both strategy and meetings about it, and both would've probably be very welcomed by the viewers, especially non-readers), while Edmure running Riverrun and giving much needed depth to the War of the Five Kings. It's not impossible to accomplish all of that through shear dialogue, for which, once again, time could've been taken from Talisa "character". Just sayingAlthough I believe it could have been done in another way, you have to take into consideration that these actors, especially Tobias Menzies, are "expensive". Having them around just to depict minor events to the story is not feasible, I believe. However, it might have been possible to give another relevance to the struggle in the Riverlands, during the second season, where these two characters might have played an important role.
3349	stunningsteve	2013-04-15	Anyone noticed Arya's remark ("You remember the last time you were here?") towards Sandor implying that Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroad Inn instead of  the Inn of the Kneeling Man? Will he still be present when Arya and Sandor return for their fight against Polliver and his men? Maybe he will be killed by one of them causing Arya rage stabbing his murderer(instead of the Tickler).
3350	Ice Turtle	2013-04-15	The Crossroads Inn is one of the most fascinating (and cursed) places of Westeros. They seem to be keeping it in the show. I hope Arya getting Needle back will happen there.
3351	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	Anyone noticed Arya's remark ("You remember the last time you were here?") towards Sandor implying that Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroad Inn instead of  the Inn of the Kneeling Man? Will he still be present when Arya and Sandor return for their fight against Polliver and his men? Maybe he will be killed by one of them causing Arya rage stabbing his murderer(instead of the Tickler).Wait what?I thought the comment was about how this is where The Hound killed her friend she was dueling with (the butcher's son) in Season 1
3352	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Wait what?I thought the comment was about how this is where The Hound killed her friend she was dueling with (the butcher's son) in Season 1My thoughts as well.  I'm nearly positive that's what it was about,.
3353	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Wait what?I thought the comment was about how this is where The Hound killed her friend she was dueling with (the butcher's son) in Season 1My thoughts as well.  I'm nearly positive that's what it was about,.Same here. I instantly thought she was talking about Mycah...
3354	Jaime the Queenslayer	2013-04-15	Same here. I instantly thought she was talking about Mycah...Was she not talking about Mycah, the butchers boy?
3355	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	The OP knows that, he's saying Hot Pie stays at the Crossroads Inn which he doesn't in the books. Meaning he may resurface since that place sees a lot if action.
3356	shiola	2013-04-15	They probably just wanna combine all the inns into just a few of them?  
That'd be interesting if this is the same inn they return to.  I think it would make sense, and we would all be sad to see Hot Pie injured or killed after the little wolfbread scene.  Good catch, OP
3357	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Yea, i figure that all of the inn scenes will be crossroads inn.
3358	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Was she not talking about Mycah, the butchers boy?i'm not sure what you're asking me? I just said that...
3359	stunningsteve	2013-04-15	In the TV series the Nymeria and Mycah stuff happens near the Crossroad Inn. I believe it was somewhere else in the book but it's there in the series. I just watched the scene again in  S1E2 "Kingsroad" and its the same building in a worse state.
3360	Reposado	2013-04-15	yeah they arent going to be creating a bunch of different inns. so im guessing every inn scene that we see will be at the crossroads
3361	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Wait what?I thought the comment was about how this is where The Hound killed her friend she was dueling with (the butcher's son) in Season 1Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . . . so thats what she meant.  I couldn't for the life of me figure out why that was important to include.  NOW I understand!  Thanks.
3362	Jolene Brown	2013-04-15	I can keep track of every single Frey, but I can not for the life of me keep the Crossroads Inn and the Inn of the Kneeling Man straight no matter how many times I look up which things happened where.  It's really weird.
3363	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	OP is way off the mark.
3364	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	I was upset when Hot Pie stayed behind.  In the book I did not care as much, but in the show...ah, I will miss Hot Pie.  If OP is right I will be looking forward to seeing Hot Pie's return.
3365	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-04-15	Anyone noticed Arya's remark ("You remember the last time you were here?") towards Sandor implying that Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroad Inn instead of  the Inn of the Kneeling Man?Yeppers! Will he still be present when Arya and Sandor return for their fight against Polliver and his men? Maybe he will be killed by one of them causing Arya rage stabbing his murderer(instead of the Tickler).I hope so. It would be great, IMO.
3366	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-15	I was upset when Hot Pie stayed behind.  In the book I did not care as much, but in the show...ah, I will miss Hot Pie.  If OP is right I will be looking forward to seeing Hot Pie's return.Yeah, that was sad. I did not care much in the books, too, but that scene in the show was kinda touching. It feels like the end of an era. Gonna miss Hot Pie, and I hope those three will cross their paths again.
3367	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-15	Yeah, that was sad. I did not care much in the books, too, but that scene in the show was kinda touching. It feels like the end of an era. Gonna miss Hot Pie, and I hope those three will cross their paths again.Not the three of them, but won't we get Gendry forging there later when Brienne met him? Actually scratch that, they're giving Gendry so much more material than the books, no telling where he's at.
3368	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	I just loved the fact that Arya's last words to Hot Pie were simple but deeply meaningful words of appreciation for his art.
I don't want Hot Pie to be there in Hound and Arya vs. the Mountain's boys, so I hope it's a different inn they go to for that.
3369	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-15	Wait what?I thought the comment was about how this is where The Hound killed her friend she was dueling with (the butcher's son) in Season 1Yup. That she was referring to Mycah was my initial thought as well.I just loved the fact that Arya's last words to Hot Pie were simple but deeply meaningful words of appreciation for his art.Ditto. It was such a great moment. I never liked Hot Pie thatmuch in the books, but that pull-away shot of him at the inn did give me the tiniest bit of a lump in my throat.
3370	StarkBlack21	2013-04-15	Does Hot Pie resurface in the books? I can't remember if we see him again or not. I hope Hot Pie resurfaces in the show. He's good comic relief and an enjoyable character. Hopefully Gendry will end up back at the in and we will see him and Hot Pie together.
3371	Kienn	2013-04-16	I'll bet Hot Pie will be killed when Arya and the Hound pass by.
Arya hears about Bran and Rickon with the BwB, her mother and Robb later on, then even Hot Pie dies in front of her, triggering her to finally leave Westeros. Maybe she will even see Mel drag off Gendry, though I guess him abandoning her to stay with BwB before Mel arrives works as well.
3372	Dove	2013-04-16	That inn is just the worst. It really does have a fascinatingly bloody history, beginning way back in the first book.
Poor Hot Pie, I could definitely see him being killed to make Arya's big moment even more intense.
If so:
RIP, Hot Pie. You'll be making ugly bread wolves and robbing minstrels with the angels~.
3373	Buckwheat	2013-04-16	I think it was about killing Mycah, and it was a really good reference so that the viewers later will understand what Arya is speaking of when she accuses Sandor of killing Mycah in the trial against Beric, for the viewers who forgot.I also loved the scene, Hot Pie was so adorable this time....I love your avatar. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3374	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-16	I can keep track of every single Frey, but I can not for the life of me keep the Crossroads Inn and the Inn of the Kneeling Man straight no matter how many times I look up which things happened where.  It's really weird.This. SO much this.
3375	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	Anyone noticed Arya's remark ("You remember the last time you were here?") towards Sandor implying that Hot Pie stayed at the Crossroad Inn instead of  the Inn of the Kneeling Man? Will he still be present when Arya and Sandor return for their fight against Polliver and his men? Maybe he will be killed by one of them causing Arya rage stabbing his murderer(instead of the Tickler).This is what I'm thinking as well. There's no Tickler around, and Arya's already had her revenge against the torturers at Harrenhal. So what's going to replace her "Is there GOLD in the village" rant? I'm afraid that this touching little goodbye scene means she'll be yelling "Hot Pie! HOT PIE!" instead as she avenges her friend.But that really only works if they put it at the end of this season (last episode, probably) to keep him fresh in people's minds.
3376	MoAt	2013-04-16	That shot of Hot Pie in the doorway got me all /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> .
3377	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	I was upset when Hot Pie stayed behind.  In the book I did not care as much, but in the show...ah, I will miss Hot Pie.  If OP is right I will be looking forward to seeing Hot Pie's return.Same here.  Hot Pie is a minor, forgettable character in the books.  In the show, he's become a loveable sidekick.Arya will certainly play a role in the Hound's future duel with Beric/ or Thoros. Adding Mycah's murder to his list of crimes.
3378	shiola	2013-04-16	This is what I'm thinking as well. There's no Tickler around, and Arya's already had her revenge against the torturers at Harrenhal. So what's going to replace her "Is there GOLD in the village" rant?The "Is there gold in the village?" thing as she stabs him was my favorite part of the entire scene. I'll miss it.I love your avatar. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Oh why thank you!  I knew the wolfbread needed to be immortalized.
3379	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-16	I loved that scene... It showed how Hot Pie and Arya grew to be friends. I got all sappy.
3380	Rain of Castamere	2013-04-17	I'll bet Hot Pie will be killed when Arya and the Hound pass by.Does Hot Pie resurface in the books? I can't remember if we see him again or not. I hope Hot Pie resurfaces in the show. He's good comic relief and an enjoyable character. Hopefully Gendry will end up back at the in and we will see him and Hot Pie together.i cant remember where, but i read an interview with grrm where he sais that Hot Pie will make a return in futire books.so he getting killed in the hound/arya scene wouldnt be good.
3381	Dove	2013-04-17	Hot Pie was great IMO because he was a really funny, silly character that complimented the Arya & Gendry dynamic well but he still had his little moments of what you could almost call casual sociopathy, like how gung-ho he was to rob Thoros when he thought he was just a traveling minstrel. To me it's a subtle bit of world-building wrapped up in a character that demonstrates, hey, pretty much every single commoner leads an incredibly terrible existence at the moment and that sort of dog-eat-dog violence is even a part of a comic relief character's life
OR MAYBE I'M JUST READING TOO MUCH INTO IT because I'm a dork. You know, either or
3382	StarkBlack21	2013-04-17	i cant remember where, but i read an interview with grrm where he sais that Hot Pie will make a return in futire books.so he getting killed in the hound/arya scene wouldnt be good.That's great. Hopefully they follow Grmm on this storyline and don't kill Hot Pie. Would love to see him again.
3383	freetickles	2013-04-17	I think it's one of those scenarios where D&D are changing the story a bit based on what they know from GRRM to be the ending of the series. Specifically, since Hot Pie is Azor Ahai, he'll be present when Arya and the Hound kill the Mountain's dudes at the Inn in order to keep the actor involved one more time before he resurfaces in the later seasons that track ADOS.
3384	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-17	Gendry's last words to Hot Pie made me chuckle. "Don't burn your fingers."
3385	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-18	Gendry's last words to Hot Pie made me chuckle. "Don't burn your fingers."It's kinda foreshadowing.Gendry is the one that needs to be careful not to burn his fingers and Hot Pie is the one that should be careful to "not be killed in there"
3386	Kienn	2013-04-18	i cant remember where, but i read an interview with grrm where he sais that Hot Pie will make a return in futire books.so he getting killed in the hound/arya scene wouldnt be good.That's great. Hopefully they follow Grmm on this storyline and don't kill Hot Pie. Would love to see him again.Tell that to Mago, Rakharo, Irri, and Jhiqui. >.>
					
					
							Edited by Kienn, 18 April 2013 - 03:12 AM.
3387	Alys Karstark	2013-04-18	I just loved the fact that Arya's last words to Hot Pie were simple but deeply meaningful words of appreciation for his art.I also loved Maisie's delivery of that line. Her tone contains a hint that she is on the verge of crying. I think I finished the crying part for her, especially after seeing the last shot of Hot Pie.
3388	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-18	Oooor maybe Hot Pie will take a level in badass. Arya and the Hound are fighting, she's stabbed at the squire and trying to get to the last fighter standing, except oh shit squire didn't go down. And suddenly, Hot Pie is there, slitting his throat with a bread knife!
But in all seriousness, it was a great scene. The cutest part for me was "is that the tail?" I like that Arya has moments to still be a kid.
Random, but I thought he was giving her a pastry. It looked like it had those white stripey sweet things on it. Or maybe it's just special Hot Pie breakfast bread.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 18 April 2013 - 03:17 AM.
3389	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2013-04-14	Ever since I saw the promo I was worried, they seem to have made him a pervy horny idiot in this episode, what do you think? Is this just his "fire burning low"? Could this only be temporary or will this continue because all those who love Stannis in the books will know this is not him.
3390	teemo	2013-04-15	Is it just me or is this version of Stannis terrible?  He seems like a whiny kid trying to get some from Meli.  Not impressed.
3391	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Well, he does have some Wall Rescuing to do; so they might be setting things up to twist the audience's expectations.
Just look at what they're doing with Ramsay, for instance.
And will do with Jaime, if they reveal the events before his Kingslaying.
3392	teemo	2013-04-15	He seems like a flat-out villain...do any non book readers even like him?
3393	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Not ruined, but it was out of character.
3394	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Don't quote me on this, but I read somewhere that Benioff and Weiss don't really like Stannis...which could explain why he's portrayed in a darker tone than he is in the books
3395	teemo	2013-04-15	What?!?!?! Blasphemy!
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 03:26 AM.
3396	victim	2013-04-15	I don't know, Stannis wasn't really in the first part of Storm, all you heard about him were rumours of never leaving the Red Woman's side and burning people. He kind of was a villain. As long as his direction changes when Davos eventually sways him then I don't have a problem just yet.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 15 April 2013 - 03:35 AM.
3397	King Lobster	2013-04-15	David Benioff on Stannishttp://www.youtube.c...d&v=DaslqlBtSbcDan Weiss thinks Stannis would make a terrible king (at 4:30)http://www.youtube.c...DC5466&index=19
					
					
							Edited by King Lobster, 15 April 2013 - 03:40 AM.
3398	The Butler of Tarth	2013-04-15	I think that one of the S2 'Inside the episode' clips had one of the D's say 'Stannis is a villain' or something to that effect.
And yes, I too hated what they did to him in this episode.
3399	Dove	2013-04-15	That scene felt really weird to me too, but since Davos was locked up all through this period it's kind of a blank spot for us as readers anyway. I guess it makes sense that he'd be pretty "off" after such a crushing defeat.
3400	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-15	Stannis the Mannis character assassination.. hated it.
3401	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Let's be honest here, Stannis is pretty much a force for evil
Using dark magic to kill your own family? Check
Burning people alive? Check
Considering burning your own nephew? Check
Allowing your most loyal servant to rot in a dungeon? Check
3402	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Dan Weiss thinks Stannis would make a terrible king (at 4:30)http://www.youtube.c...DC5466&index=19 /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />Renly... practical? If so, couldn't he have joined Stannis, be claimed his heir and... whoops! Stannis died in the big battle! Shame, that.Unquestionably better king than Stannis? I guess Renly is Aragorn, everybody likes him, so of course he'd know what to do!
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 15 April 2013 - 03:55 AM.
3403	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	It also changes Davos' lordship and handship - in book it was clearly done in the presence and with approval of Mel - despite Davos' open defiance of her god. She pretty clearly states "I know you are not my friend, but you are friend of Stannis".I fear the writers kinda demolished this character dynamic, turning Stannis to a terribly shallow character.As for the checklist above:Using dark magic to kill your own family? Check. Did the said family plan to do the same to you (and your men) using conventional approach? Check. Tit for tat.Considering burning your own nephew? Check. In a way and in context, it is rather interesting to see someone putting duty to realm above family. Tyrion also considers taking steps (which won't be pleasant) against his nephew and actually poisons his sister, yet he is writer's beloved /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Allowing your most loyal servant to rot in a dungeon? Check. Again, books give a bit more background - one part of which is that Davos is kept for a prolonged period in pretty warm place, which is, from medical PoV, exactly what he needs to get over the illness. Generally it was evil on the level of modern day escape courses (minus the interrogation, sleep deprivation etc.), which are inflicted on loyal servicemembers to test them /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />Renly... practical? If so, couldn't he have joined Stannis, be claimed his heir and... whoops! Stannis died in the big battle! Shame, that.Unquestionably better king than Stannis? I guess Renly is Aragorn, everybody likes him, so of course he'd know what to do!Thai is also something the book states clearly - Renly was a dolt, liking flashy stuff. "Summer child". Most characters (even some of those who thrown their lot with him) have... Doubts /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Runaway Penguin, 15 April 2013 - 04:01 AM.
3404	victim	2013-04-15	What was that line? "I was trying to win the crown to save the kingdom, when I should have been saving the kingdom to win my crown." (paraphrase!) I said this in the other thread, Stannis was twisted by Mel's prophecies at this point in the story, but Davos showed him what a King would truly do and he did it, that's when he becomes the Stannis we all know and love. It wasn't a character ruin by any means because there's still another shift in ideologies that'll come late this season or early next. 
That said, Stannis would never dry-hump Mel on a beach.
3405	teemo	2013-04-15	What did Jaime say about Renly being king last episode?  Something about only fit for a 13 course meal?  I tend to agree with that...well, if the creators hate Stannis, then big surprise he's a boring, one-dimensional villain.  He might fit the "criteria" of being a villain if you use a checklist or whatnot, but I never really felt like that while reading his POVs ever...people were so up in arms about Cat's character being "assassinated," but that was one monologue...this is Stannis' entire character since he's been introduced.
3406	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Let's be honest here, Stannis is pretty much a force for evilUsing dark magic to kill your own family? CheckBurning people alive? CheckConsidering burning your own nephew? CheckAllowing your most loyal servant to rot in a dungeon? CheckThat's only focusing on the negatives though. Stannis does possess notable good qualities, and I think the show would be better off portraying Stannis to be as morally ambiguous as he is in the books. He's one of the greyest characters in the series, thus the show needs to do his character justice. He's more interesting that way.This is one of the drawbacks of adapting a series that has such polarizing characters. While we may interpret him in one way, the creators might interpret him in a completely other way, and their interpretation can sometimes damage the character.
3407	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	He's a broken man.
He's also had like 5 minutes of total screen-time so far.
3408	Ran	2013-04-15	They're certainly making Stannis a more passionate sort of character. Presumably because they think it makes him more sympathetic and likable? Curiously, the enjoyment of Stannis in the novels has a lot to do with his being unsympathetic and unlikable.
3409	Jojosh	2013-04-15	what good qualities does Stannis have besides his order hard on. I mean there's not much to paint him in a good light in asos let alone wipe away all the bad stuff he does
Pretty funny how he's so attached to Mel now
					
					
							Edited by Jojosh, 15 April 2013 - 05:05 AM.
3410	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	I wouldn't be too worried, I said it in the other thread so I will say it here as well:
He is a broken man at this point. Also he has had 5 minutes of total screen-time so far
3411	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	They're certainly making Stannis a more passionate sort of character.Given the vision in the flames of a man being consumed by his own crown, or metaphorically speaking, his own desire for power, I can see why they chose to portray him as such. But yeah, like you said, cold, grouchy Stannis is pure win.
3412	W.Kane	2013-04-15	yeah , they have ruined Stannis character . 
I think we can now consider the series writers , the Stannis official hatters.
3413	Bayard	2013-04-15	Yes, they are doing bad things to his character.... but let's just wait until Mel fetches Gendry, when he will have a huge decision to make: to kill an innocent. That will be the deciding factor for Stannis... D&D don't like him, but there are other characters they don't like and they didn't go out of their way to destroy them on screen.
3414	W.Kane	2013-04-15	Is it just me or is this version of Stannis terrible?  He seems like a whiny kid trying to get some from Meli.  Not impressed. you are not alone.
3415	scurvy	2013-04-15	Stannis and Cat are too "adult" for the show.  They like the tweens best and the whores and whoremongers.
3416	E-Ro	2013-04-15	They had best not change his character any more then they have. I would be upsett and disappointed that one if the deepest/most complex characters was ruined. That scene with him was just meh.
					
					
							Edited by E-Ro, 15 April 2013 - 06:51 AM.
3417	W.Kane	2013-04-15	Stannis and Cat are too "adult" for the show.  They like the tweens best and the whores and whoremongers.this is HBO , of course they love whores and whoremongers more than deep and complicated characters like Stannis and Cat. 	E-RoThey had beat not change his character any more then they have. I would be upsett and disappointed that one if the deepest/most complex characters was ruined. That scene with him was just meh.it is sad indeed.
3418	Penguin king	2013-04-15	Call me strange, but I actually prefered the Stannis in that scene to the one we usually see in the books.  Book Stannis is such a hypocrite, he pretends everything is about duty and birthrights, when it's clear that he lusts for power just as much as any other would be king. The Stannis we saw in episode 3 seemed a lot more honest and human. He has his desires just like any other man, and doesn't try to disgusise them under nobler motives.
3419	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	Worst scene they have done in the show so far. Complete character assassination and really out of place.Stannis sounded like a drunk trying desperately to get laid.It looked like a B-side take aswell. You can see Mel smirking the whole time.
3420	Kaitscralt	2013-04-15	I like book Stannis, and I like show Stannis.
Show Stannis is just lonelier.
3421	Sp_ey_der	2013-04-15	Maybe this is how Davos will be shown as a character being true to his king. Maybe he'll slap Stannis out of what he's become.
3422	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	Why was Mel Smirking through the entire scene. It looked like the whole scene was thrown together last minute and they just glued together some bad takes.
Cat first and now Stannis. At this rate they are going to have Joffery tell Sansa how sorry he is for everything he's done to her.
					
					
							Edited by aFeastForDragons, 15 April 2013 - 06:54 AM.
3423	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Well, since I'm definitely a fan of Stannis, I loved the scene!  But, in terms of the show, and setting my prejudice aside, I did think it diminished him too much.  However, it was a great portrait of continuing depression following his loss at BoBB.  Thought Mel (of whom I'm not a fan, either) did a terrific job of emerging as the most powerful director of Stannis' campaign at this point.   But.....Please don't let her hurt Gendry, please don't let her hurt Gendry, please don't let her hurt Gendry....................
3424	W.Kane	2013-04-15	Call me strange, but I actually prefered the Stannis in that scene to the one we usually see in the books.  Book Stannis is such a hypocrite, he pretends everything is about duty and birthrights, when it's clear that he lusts for power just as much as any other would be king. The Stannis we saw in episode 3 seemed a lot more honest and human. He has his desires just like any other man, and doesn't try to disgusise them under nobler motives.of course you like the show Stannis more , after all you are a Stannis hater .
3425	MaHaBone	2013-04-15	I get the impression HBO is trying to find a "sexier" way to get Stannis to go to the Wall,instead of Davos learning to read.
And yeah, he was way out of character, even for TV Stannis.  Even Melisandre was acting out of character.  I guess i should give HBO credit for not having a scene where they are straight up going at it.
3426	MaHaBone	2013-04-15	But.....Please don't let her hurt Gendry, please don't let her hurt Gendry, please don't let her hurt Gendry....................I have a felling Gendry is toast.  Why else would Mel chase down the Brotherhood without Banners?  Especially after her speech about sacrificing king's blood.
3427	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Call me strange, but I actually prefered the Stannis in that scene to the one we usually see in the books.  Book Stannis is such a hypocrite, he pretends everything is about duty and birthrights, when it's clear that he lusts for power just as much as any other would be king. The Stannis we saw in episode 3 seemed a lot more honest and human. He has his desires just like any other man, and doesn't try to disgusise them under nobler motives.Actually book Stannis quite visibly does not lust for power or for the IT because he wants it, but because... Well, because it's the Lawful thing to do and he will break before he bends.
3428	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	At this rate they are going to have Joffery tell Sansa how sorry he is for everything he's done to her. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
3429	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Let's be honest here, Stannis is pretty much a force for evilUsing dark magic to kill your own family? CheckBurning people alive? CheckConsidering burning your own nephew? CheckAllowing your most loyal servant to rot in a dungeon? CheckUpjumping a deservig commoner pirate to hand of the king against all customs f westeros. CheckFighting to earn your kingdom by saving it from te real threat, as opposed to winning it by killing ieach other.  Check.  Having a true senseof justice and not taking or offerring bribes and perpetuating sleazy culture and moral decay. Check.I know a lot of people with dragons that burned people alive.  They all evil too?
3430	Toxspecific	2013-04-15	Stannis having a crush on Mel is a possibility even in the books, but him seeming so hungry to attain an heir for his cause is just out of character.This, Jaime's cousin killing.... Bad moves. Out of character. Stannis would view making a son as a formality. And he would sure as hell not ask Melisandre to give birth to a human bastard - what the heck, D&D?
3431	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	Some out of character scene during a time where Stannis is defeated and desperate does in no way ruin the character. Given that we know that a certain battle in the next season will be even bigger than Blackwater it's pretty obvious that he will get his mojo back. He needs to be defeated for now though.
3432	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Worst scene they have done in the show so far. Complete character assassination and really out of place.Stannis sounded like a drunk trying desperately to get laid.It looked like a B-side take aswell. You can see Mel smirking the whole time. Sooooo B-side.  It was horribly acted.  I love the character that is book Stannis.  I think show Stannis is a pretty patetic translation so far.  "I want Joffrey and Robb Stark dead!"   Book Stannis is no simpering fool.But hey, if D&D want to make Stannis the bad guy, I don't really care.  I have bo prolem rooting for the bad guy.Overall I'm not all that impressed with D&D anyway, i watch the show because I have to to pass the time till WoW comes out.
3433	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	I'm taking a wait-and-see approach as to Stannis.  On one hand he's had some pretty serious out-of-character moments, but on the other, I can sort of see how those out-of-character moments are, in a roundabout way, kinda in-character.  He's a man grasping for a foothold, so moments where he deviates from his normal, established personality could simply be indicative of his loss of direction.
So I kinda want to see where the go with him from here.
3434	Penguin king	2013-04-15	of course you like the show Stannis more , after all you are a Stannis hater .I don't hate Stannis. He's got his moments. I just think he's a lot more self serving than he pretends, especially before Davos talks him into aiding the Night's Watch.  If he'd be more honest about his desires I'd give him a lot more respect.Actually book Stannis quite visibly does not lust for power or for the IT because he wants it, but because... Well, because it's the Lawful thing to do and he will break before he bends.As Syrio would say, "look with your eyes".  He talks a lot about law and duty, but when does he ever put duty above his own desires?  Even going to the wall works in his best interests. Robb's sense of duty leads to him losing his alliance with the Freys and alienating the Karstarks. When does Stannis's duty ever hold him back?
3435	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I don't hate Stannis. He's got his moments. I just think he's a lot more self serving than he pretends, especially before Davos talks him into aiding the Night's Watch.  If he'd be more honest about his desires I'd give him a lot more respect.As Syrio would say, "look with your eyes".  He talks a lot about law and duty, but when does he ever put duty above his own desires?  Even going to the wall works in his best interests. Robb's sense of duty leads to him losing his alliance with the Freys and alienating the Karstarks. When does Stannis's duty ever hold him back?Really?  What sense of duty?  The duty to honor the contract you made with the Frey's and to the people who made you their king?  And Cat lost the Karstarks. It's hard to tell if your posts are serious or not, but if the "proudwing" story means nothing to you, there's probably no hope for you ever, lol.
3436	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	They're certainly making Stannis a more passionate sort of character. Presumably because they think it makes him more sympathetic and likable? Curiously, the enjoyment of Stannis in the novels has a lot to do with his being unsympathetic and unlikable.Why would you presume that it would be to make him more sympathetic and likeable?  It's much more likely they are trying to make him unlikeable to create a villain.  Who would like him the way he is now, acting like a hornier version of Joffrey.
3437	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-15	I'm no big time Stannis fan, but that scene was just really odd. I didn't like it. Better to leave it out and wait until they can better develop what is going on with him.
3438	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	Why would you presume that it would be to make him more sympathetic and likeable?  It's much more likely they are trying to make him unlikeable to create a villain.  Who would like him the way he is now, acting like a hornier version of Joffrey.What has Stannis done that is sadistic?And him wanting to sleep with Melisandre is nothing new either as it's obvious that they are sleeping together in the books. They are just making him a bit more desperate after his loss.
3439	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Some out of character scene during a time where Stannis is defeated and desperate does in no way ruin the character. Given that we know that a certain battle in the next season will be even bigger than Blackwater it's pretty obvious that he will get his mojo back. He needs to be defeated for now though.I can reserve judgement as well for now because I think they're building up for a huuuuge character turnaround that will be more shocking than the RW (because I think that's lost its mojo).  But this scene was trashy.  Their expressions, the writing, it was low brow.
3440	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	What has Stannis done that is sadistic?And him wanting to sleep with Melisandre is nothing new either as it's obvious that they are sleeping together in the books. They are just making him a bit more desperate after his loss.Begging for a shadow baby assassin, some might say burning people is sadistic, although his intentions weren't really sadist.  According to show Stannis, he knew and knows that banging Mel is birthing him a shadow assassin.  That's pretty twisted IMO.  OBVIOUSLY.  The exact problem is that they're making him way more desperate as far as chasing Mel around.  Exactly my point. In addition to throwing Davos in his dungeons.  I mean, why the change if not to make him more of a villain.  
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 15 April 2013 - 08:00 AM.
3441	Rockroi	2013-04-15	They're certainly making Stannis a more passionate sort of character. Presumably because they think it makes him more sympathetic and likable? Curiously, the enjoyment of Stannis in the novels has a lot to do with his being unsympathetic and unlikable.This. I have said several times that one of my major problems is that I believe that the show runners do not understand Stannis.  But I could be mistaken. Giving the creators the benefit of the doubt, I thinkw e have to rememeber that much of our appreciation of Stannis comes from his growth in SoS. While Stannis is in a larger % of CoK, IIRC, page-for-page, he's actually in more of a SoS, and much of that is in Davos' introspection of what Stannis is saying to him.  In other words, more of Stannis is actually going to be revealed as time goes on and that we, as show-watchers, may come to appreciate Stannis more as we did when we were book-readers.  Stannis' growth, really, is yet to come. At the same time, I always liked that Stannis was unlikeable and distant; aloof and brooding; just and intractable. I also like that Stannis was socially inept (go back and re-read the scene where he first meets Sam Tarly; if it wasn't so funny it would be horrifying).  But even more, I liked that Stannis didn't really change who he was to get anything or impress anyone.  He was always very Stannis all the time.Maybe that's why his interplay with Mel is so gratting; in those scenes he's not Stannis Baratheon, King of Westeros, he's "The GUy Mel is Fucking" and acts like it.  He's whiney, petulant, reduced to begging.  That Stannis is never present in the books and trying to rectify that Stannis- ever the intractable, unmerciful, and crass - with thi sbegging little man is not working for me.But I should add that maybe it will, soon.
3442	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-15	Stannis came across in the scene as desperate.  Not so much desperate to bang Melisandre right there on the beach, but desperate to kill his rivals and regain the upper hand in the war.  His motivation for "wanting" Mel appeared to be the creation of another shadowbaby to do his dirty work.  When Mel counters that this isn't possible, Stannis backs off and goes cold as usual.  So on some level, it made sense.
That said, the scene was clumsily executed and poorly written.  Surely the writers could have gotten the same point across without making Stannis appear so pathetic, although perhaps they're wanting to demonstrate the depth of his dependence on Mel.
3443	Lady Octarina	2013-04-15	I wouldn't say he was ruined or OOC, and Dillane has such chemistry with Carice Van Houten I can't help loving their scenes.
The thing is, in the books, as we don't have his POV, we form an opinion of him through that of characters who simply don't know him that well and erroneously believe him incapable of joy, of bending, of anything but being a bore and doing his duty. Davos, Melisandre and Jon are the only POV characters who understand him, but in Melisandre's chapters she has other things to worry about; Davos sees his human side, but avoid thinking of his relationship with Melisandre; and Jon is more concerned with Stannis the leader, the king, han Stannis the man.
In that scene, what we have is a man who lost this major battle, which affected his reputation as a general, a man who isn't even considered enough of a threat to have his enemies send a few ships against him, what with his being so close to KL. The man is depressed, as is evident by the first episode. He had to lock away one of the two people in whom he trusts after believing him dead, and now the other one is leaving him and doesn't even want to tell him where she's going. With neither of them by his side, he loses his moral and emotional support and just sinks deeper into whatever hole he's in right now. So, that scene with Melisandre on episode three, I don't see it like "Stannis is a lusty beast who gave up on duty and is turning into Robert", but as a lonely man having a very human moment of needing a friend by his side, but having no idea how to reach out other than by suggesting they make more shadow babies to crush their enemies, and who's left on that beach feeling betrayed because the other person still thinks their mysterious mission is more important than him at that moment (or maybe jealous because he understood what she was going to do, it doesn't really matter).
3444	Penguin king	2013-04-15	Really?  What sense of duty?  The duty to honor the contract you made with the Frey's and to the people who made you their king?The duty he owed to Jane Westerling and her family not to steal her virginity and leave her with a bastard child. You might disagree with his decision, but you can't argue that his sense of duty led him to take an action that directly conficted with what he was trying to achive. And Cat lost the Karstarks.Robb could have won them back. He could have pardoned Rickard for his crimes and worked with him to track down Jaime. But his sense of duty was too strong, and he had to deliver Rickard the punishment due to him by law. When has Stannis ever put the law ahead of his own ambitions?It's hard to tell if your posts are serious or not, but if the "proudwing" story means nothing to you, there's probably no hope for you ever, lol.Sometimes I have a hard time telling if all you Stannis Fanboys are being serious. A lot of posts seem to be based on the assumption that; "OMG!!! Stannis is such an epic BAMF, action hero, internet meme LOLZ"  I figure thats probably being unfair, and that you all have genuine reasons to like him, even if I can't really understand them. I'd appreciate it if you could offer me the same benefit of the doubt.
3445	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	Begging for a shadow baby assassin, some might say burning people is sadistic, although his intentions weren't really sadist.  According to show Stannis, he knew and knows that banging Mel is birthing him a shadow assassin.  That's pretty twisted IMO.  OBVIOUSLY.  The exact problem is that they're making him way more desperate as far as chasing Mel around.  Exactly my point. In addition to throwing Davos in his dungeons.  I mean, why the change if not to make him more of a villain.  There's nothing sadistic at all in anything you write here. Sadism is taking pleasure in seeing other people harmed, which Stannis does not. It's one of the most significant character traits with Joffrey though. As for making him a villain, why would they try to do that by making him more human? I'd say that an emotionally distant and cold person is easier to dislike. I think the change is more about making Melisandre look like she's in control though.
3446	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Really?  What sense of duty?  The duty to honor the contract you made with the Frey's and to the people who made you their king?  And Cat lost the Karstarks.Robb had a sense of 'honour' for Jayne Westerling and her family and his stupid act, but that angle is missing with 'Talisa'. But either way, I agree. He failed in both honour and duty to the Freys.Edit: Quote should probably have been to Penguin King. My apologies.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 08:28 AM.
3447	Castle Black	2013-04-15	Why does everyone have such a big problem with this? It's actually quite obvious that Stannis and Mel were bangin. In ADWD during Mel's POV chapter, she mentions that her bed has been lonely ever since Stannis left the wall. This actually fits quite a bit if you ask me.
3448	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	It's hard to tell if your posts are serious or not, but if the "proudwing" story means nothing to you, there's probably no hope for you ever, lol.I actually had to look that up...Sometimes I have a hard time telling if all you Stannis Fanboys are being serious. A lot of posts seem to be based on the assumption that; "OMG!!! Stannis is such an epic BAMF, action hero, internet meme LOLZ"  I figure thats probably being unfair, and that you all have genuine reasons to like him, even if I can't really understand them. I'd appreciate it if you could offer me the same benefit of the doubt.Well, from my point of view, I relate to Stannis's straight faced humor.I also enjoy, as far as I read from him, his anti-sexuality. It was obviously part of him, being a Baratheon, defined by his sexuality, or lack thereof.
	Spoiler I also like a chapter from TWOW, where he shows some commanding skill. Against Karstark
Is he my favorite character? No.But then again, short of despairingly pointless or boring POVS in AFFC/ADWD, I really have a hard time making an ultimate decision on characters.
3449	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	There's nothing sadistic at all in anything you write here. Sadism is taking pleasure in seeing other people harmed, which Stannis does not. It's one of the most significant character traits with Joffrey though.As for making him a villain, why would they try to do that by making him more human? I'd say that an emotionally distant and cold person is easier to dislike. I think the change is more about making Melisandre look like she's in control though.I'm not sure if him groveling to mel and throwing his best friend into the dungeons makes him more human.  Stannis now appears to have Joff-like petulance, weakness (basically crying for mel not to leave him and letting her go without telling him where she's going, much like joff pretending to be brave but really being a little baby), and little in the way of self respect.  Those are my parallels to Joff.  You brought up sadism.
3450	Juan_Snow	2013-04-15	Let's be honest here, Stannis is pretty much a force for evilUsing dark magic to kill your own family? CheckBurning people alive? CheckConsidering burning your own nephew? CheckAllowing your most loyal servant to rot in a dungeon? CheckSounds about right.  I've always viewed Stannis as more of a villain, and Mel's puppet,
3451	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	I'm not sure if him groveling to mel and throwing his best friend into the dungeons makes him more human.  Stannis now appears to have Joff-like petulance, weakness (basically crying for mel not to leave him and letting her go without telling him where she's going, much like joff pretending to be brave but really being a little baby), and little in the way of self respect.  Those are my parallels to Joff.  You brought up sadism.He's beaten and broken and in desperation he's clinging to the only person who seemingly can help him. That's not human? Davos isn't his best friend, Davos is his Hand and servant. Davos also tried to kill Stannis' closest (wo)man so of course he'd have to throw him in the dungeons. How do you expect a king to react to someone trying to kill your best advisor? That's treason, so Stannis was pretty kind. I really hope that wasn't what you call petulance.You said that he's just a horny version of Joffrey. The biggest part of Joffrey is his uncontrolled sadistic nature so in order for your comment to be true Stannis much show such things. Otherwise I could say Ramsay is just like Jon Snow because he's a northerner and a bastard with emotional problems, if they don't need to share all traits to be versions of the same.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 15 April 2013 - 08:42 AM.
3452	you snow muffin poncho	2013-04-15	I agree with the OP, this just wasn't the character at all.
I understand that Stannis is a complicated character but it really does feel like they don't "get" him. Stannis in the book has such a bizarre sense of duty and honor, but despite his rigid character is weirdly touchy, and I think - and obviously a lot of people agree with me - steals nearly every scene he's in.
I don't know who this guy is but this scene is so far off the mark; you can pull this shit with Shae and I don't love it but Stannis deserves better
3453	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	The duty he owed to Jane Westerling and her family not to steal her virginity and leave her with a bastard child. You might disagree with his decision, but you can't argue that his sense of duty led him to take an action that directly conficted with what he was trying to achive.His duty conflicted with his other duty, so that makes him special?  See, Stannis wouldn't have banged and married Jeyne Westerling in the first place, but you hold it over Stannis' head in your arguments about him.  Here is your argument "Robb made a ridiculously stupid error that completely ruined his duty to his kingdom and tore it apart by marrying a girl he slept with BUT, he did his duty to that girl, he does his duty better than Stannis."Stannis does his duty 24/7.  When he sends off Massey, what does he tell Massey to do if he's killed in battle.  Is that not doing your duty? Robb could have won them back. He could have pardoned Rickard for his crimes and worked with him to track down Jaime. But his sense of duty was too strong, and he had to deliver Rickard the punishment due to him by law. When has Stannis ever put the law ahead of his own ambitions?Well, Stannis got shitted on by Robert and wasn't offered Storm's End but he took it, maybe was a bit bitter but by law he should have been Lord of Storm's End. Robb would have seemed weaker if he pardoned Karstark.  He already looked bad per Cat once.   Sometimes I have a hard time telling if all you Stannis Fanboys are being serious. A lot of posts seem to be based on the assumption that; "OMG!!! Stannis is such an epic BAMF, action hero, internet meme LOLZ"  I figure thats probably being unfair, and that you all have genuine reasons to like him, even if I can't really understand them. I'd appreciate it if you could offer me the same benefit of the doubt.If your critiques were valid, perhaps you wouldn't have that problem.
3454	Penguin king	2013-04-15	Well, from my point of view, I relate to Stannis's straight faced humor.He's got some good lines I'll admit.  I do like a dry wit, so he gets points there.I also enjoy, as far as I read from him, his anti-sexuality. It was obviously part of him, being a Baratheon, defined by his sexuality, or lack thereof.I kinda saw him that way too originally, but the amount of time he and Melisandre spend together behind closed doors kinda indicates they're not just praying. Either Mel has him bewitched, which i'm not discounting, or he's got a bigger sex drive than he's letting on. We never really see him and Mel alone in the books, so maybe he lets his mask slip a little when it's just the two of them.
3455	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I kinda saw him that way too originally, but the amount of time he and Melisandre spend together behind closed doors kinda indicates they're not just praying. Either Mel has him bewitched, which i'm not discounting, or he's got a bigger sex drive than he's letting on. We never really see him and Mel alone in the books, so maybe he lets his mask slip a little when it's just the two of them.Oh, I thought he had sex with Mel to make the shadow babies. I actually assumed it to be a pretty queer setting, like Renly's "he went to bed like he went to the battlefield" (or however he says it) comment queer. Which, honestly, made him all the funnier to me.
3456	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	As Syrio would say, "look with your eyes".  He talks a lot about law and duty, but when does he ever put duty above his own desires?  Even going to the wall works in his best interests. Robb's sense of duty leads to him losing his alliance with the Freys and alienating the Karstarks. When does Stannis's duty ever hold him back?The duty he owed to Jane Westerling and her family not to steal her virginity and leave her with a bastard child. You might disagree with his decision, but you can't argue that his sense of duty led him to take an action that directly conficted with what he was trying to achive.Well, he didn't leave her with a child in the first place. His duty, as a King, should have been for his kingdom first and foremost - see Halfhand's lecture on honor vs. duty. Instead, he chose to " do the honorable thing" - which meant utterly pissing off his most important ally in the south (communication lines are even more important than Riverrun).Stannis did not desire for the Iron Throne. He felt slighted by getting Dragonstone instead of Storm's End from Robert, but he did his duty. And he did his duty when it was revealed that Robert's "sons" isn't his. Then, by law, Stannis is the rightful king. You want to say he should have ignored the blatant violation and deception performed by Lannisters?Even if you think Stannis is evil, you have to admit he's Lawful Evil. And, so far in the show, he's out of character, book-wise.Robb could have won them back. He could have pardoned Rickard for his crimes and worked with him to track down Jaime. But his sense of duty was too strong, and he had to deliver Rickard the punishment due to him by law. When has Stannis ever put the law ahead of his own ambitions?You are putting cart before the horse here. When did Stannis put his ambition before the law? The only time he was not lawful (and instead dtiful) was when he joined with his brother during the rebellion - and that again was not done out of ambition. Renly is putting ambition above the law and duty, not Stannis.
3457	Sxxman	2013-04-15	I don't think anyone who was watching that scene sympathized with Stannis, those scenes are to show the viewers (since we don't get a Stannis POV in the books) how devastating the loss of Blackwater is on him.  It gives him more layers as a character.  I really doubt that this "broken" version of Stannis will last the whole series.
3458	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	I kinda saw him that way too originally, but the amount of time he and Melisandre spend together behind closed doors kinda indicates they're not just praying. Either Mel has him bewitched, which i'm not discounting, or he's got a bigger sex drive than he's letting on. We never really see him and Mel alone in the books, so maybe he lets his mask slip a little when it's just the two of them.Yes, Melisandre even describes her bed as lonely after Stannis leaves and you'd have to sleep with each other pretty often to get that feeling. There's no proof either way but I doubt that she has Stannis under any sort of spell.
3459	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	He's beaten and broken and in desperation he's clinging to the only person who seemingly can help him. That's not human? Davos isn't his best friend, Davos is his Hand and servant. Davos also tried to kill Stannis' closest (wo)man so of course he'd have to throw him in the dungeons. How do you expect a king to react to someone trying to kill your best advisor? That's treason, so Stannis was pretty kind. I really hope that wasn't what you call petulance.You said that he's just a horny version of Joffrey. The biggest part of Joffrey is his uncontrolled sadistic nature so in order for your comment to be true Stannis much show such things. Otherwise I could say Ramsay is just like Jon Snow because he's a northerner and a bastard with emotional problems, if they don't need to share all traits to be versions of the same.Stannis has a wife, he has a child, he has thousands of men around him.  He's not a sniveling child.  We're just going to have to disagree on if this makes him more human.  He's a brooder, that's also a human trait, a Stannis trait.  I'm not the type of person who automatically likes someone because they show emotions. Stannis and Mel knew what Davos was going to do in the book and the show and they knew why, hence why they let him cool off.
3460	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-15	There should be lock-timer on Stannis threads, that closes them after 24 hours since they evolve into pointless arguments anyway. On topic: I agree with OP, when Stannis said "i want you" i almost wept, how could they massacre that character so bad? First he personally imprisons Davos, now he only wants to fuck Mel, srsly give him a break.
3461	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-15	Let's be honest here, Stannis is pretty much a force for evilWrong. Stannis is a guy who served the realm faithfully all his life, then suddenly finds himself in a position where he's King and everyone's denying his claim, so naturally he has the right to fight to enforce that claim, more than anyone else in the series. Using dark magic to kill your own family? CheckRenly attacked Stannis, not the other way around. The cause of the conflict was Renly declaring himself king, and Renly was very much prepared to kill Stannis (and everyone else), just not with dark magic, and the means which you use don't matter. The series offers no conclusion on whether Stannis truly knew what had happened,  either. Burning people alive? CheckNot any worse than any other method of execution used by other people throughout the series. This is Westeros, not Fairy Dayland. Considering burning your own nephew? CheckWhich he did not do, never liked the idea, and finally agreed with to Davos that it was a bad plan. Do you hold yourself accountable for everything you ever considered doing, too?Allowing your most loyal servant to rot in a dungeon? Check... who tried to kill one of his other most loyal servants. He's Stannis, he doesn't do favoritism. Locking Davos up was a means of protecting him from himself. Blaming what happened on the Blackwater on Melisandre was ridiculous, he clearly was out of his mind at the time, which is no wonder considering what he'd gone through. Davos was far from rotting, in fact he was handled quite nicely in his cell. If Dan and David really dislike Stannis, fine, if they are making their portrayal of him more negative simply because of their own petty opinions, then fuck 'em.
3462	Penguin king	2013-04-15	His duty conflicted with his other duty, so that makes him special?  See, Stannis wouldn't have banged and married Jeyne Westerling in the first place, but you hold it over Stannis' head in your arguments about him.  Here is your argument "Robb made a ridiculously stupid error that completely ruined his duty to his kingdom and tore it apart by marrying a girl he slept with BUT, he did his duty to that girl, he does his duty better than Stannis."That's not what I was saying at all.  The point I was making, is that Robb found himself in a moral dilemma which he solved at his own expense. You never see that from stannis. Given the choice he always takes the option that works in his favour.   He's willing to sacrifice the lives of his brother his nephew, and good men like Cortnay Penrose to get what he wants. He expects people to give up on all their own wishes, and to kneel down and serve him out of duty, but what does he ever sacrifice to up hold his own duty?Well, Stannis got shitted on by Robert and wasn't offered Storm's End but he took it, maybe was a bit bitter but by law he should have been Lord of Storm's End.What did he sacrifice there? If he'd argued too hard Robert would have given him nothing. It's not like he had a choice in handing it over to Renly.Robb would have seemed weaker if he pardoned Karstark.  He already looked bad per Cat once. Are you saying Robb only did it not to look weak, and that all the lessons Ned gave him about duty and honor never even factored into it?
3463	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	And even in the Davos arc, Mel played a crucial part and showed that while she is a fanatic, she isn't blind - approving of Davos being Hand despite his repeated refusals to go for tthe Red Lot...
Then again, Renly also changed from "young Robert", skilled at arms and quite careless and taking throne to get power... Into a whiner who goes for the crown because Loras told him...
3464	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-15	The duty he owed to Jane Westerling and her family not to steal her virginity and leave her with a bastard child. You might disagree with his decision, but you can't argue that his sense of duty led him to take an action that directly conficted with what he was trying to achive.So being a dumb fuck is a positive quality now? If Robb really was all about duty, perhaps he shouldn't have fucked Jeyne in the first place?Robb could have won them back. He could have pardoned Rickard for his crimes and worked with him to track down Jaime. But his sense of duty was too strong, and he had to deliver Rickard the punishment due to him by law. When has Stannis ever put the law ahead of his own ambitions?When he declared himself King. He could have saved himself a lot of trouble by passing up on his claim and he had a snowball's chance in hell of winning the IT (in fact at the start of the war it was pretty much a death sentence), yet he followed the law and declared himself King. How many times do I have to remind you pursuing your claim is a duty not only to yourself, but also to your servants, family and bannermen?Sometimes I have a hard time telling if all you Stannis Fanboys are being serious. A lot of posts seem to be based on the assumption that; "OMG!!! Stannis is such an epic BAMF, action hero, internet meme LOLZ"  I figure thats probably being unfair, and that you all have genuine reasons to like him, even if I can't really understand them. I'd appreciate it if you could offer me the same benefit of the doubt.When you write shit like the part in bold, then no.
3465	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	Stannis has a wife, he has a child, he has thousands of men around him.  He's not a sniveling child.  We're just going to have to disagree on if this makes him more human.  He's a brooder, that's also a human trait, a Stannis trait.  I'm not the type of person who automatically likes someone because they show emotions.Stannis and Mel knew what Davos was going to do in the book and the show and they knew why, hence why they let him cool off.No, you're apparently the type of person that thinks someone is a villain when they show more emotions. This part of the discussion is solely about you saying that they are trying to make him a villain, and me questioning that argument. It's you that are driving an hypothesis, not me.Your point about what they knew in the book is irrelevant since Stannis obviously didn't in the show. His reaction can't be judged on the premise of the book in this case. Petulance is not defined as 'not knowing what someone will do'.
3466	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Not any worse than any other method of execution used by other people throughout the series. This is Westeros, not Fairy Dayland.What are you talking about? Being burned alive is one of the most horrible way to die there is, much more painful than hanging or beheading, which is what the rest of Westeros uses.
3467	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Why was Mel Smirking through the entire scene. It looked like the whole scene was thrown together last minute and they just glued together some bad takes.Cat first and now Stannis. At this rate they are going to have Joffery tell Sansa how sorry he is for everything he's done to her.LOL!I didn't like the scene either. I kept hearing Adam Levine singing, "Payphone" or "Sad" in the background. Thinking about it again this morning I keep hearing, "Please don't leave me" by Pink.Stannis seems like not only has he bent, but he's twised, broken, begging Mel for love, begging Mel for her affection?  My goodness they've ruined STANNIS!!!I had mentioned this before, and now it is confirmed, they have converted Stannis into being in love with Melisandre.  My goodness . .If Stannis dies in TWOW will his last word be, "Melisandre . ."
3468	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-15	That's not what I was saying at all.  The point I was making, is that Robb found himself in a moral dilemma which he solved at his own expense. You never see that from stannis. Given the choice he always takes the option that works in his favour.   He's willing to sacrifice the lives of his brother his nephew, and good men like Cortnay Penrose to get what he wants. He expects people to give up on all their own wishes, and to kneel down and serve him out of duty, but what does he ever sacrifice to up hold his own duty?There is so much wrong with this part. Stannis almost died holding Storm's End. Where's his sense of duty right? Way to forget that tiny little detail.Cortnay is a good man now? He was a rebel and a traitor. He's also a cardboard character which no one including you cares about, you're just bringing him up to have another attempt at a stab at Stannis. Robb and everyone else did not risk any good men's lives? What did Renly do, starting a pointless war against his brother? Risk lives.Renly put himself in the line of fire when he declared himself King. There is no reason whatsoever a younger brother should be obeyed when he declares himself King and threatens to kill his older brother. Not one.Seriously dude, your arguments are so poor it's like you're simply trolling people who like Stannis out of spite because he's still alive and Renly and Robb, well, are not.What did he sacrifice there? If he'd argued too hard Robert would have given him nothing. It's not like he had a choice in handing it over to Renly.And this is a reason to have less sympathy for Stannis now somehow?Are you saying Robb only did it not to look weak, and that all the lessons Ned gave him about duty and honor never even factored into it?It was a big factor because he already looked weak for losing Winterfel and that was a large problem he had.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 April 2013 - 09:28 AM.
3469	Noelle Snow	2013-04-15	They're certainly making Stannis a more passionate sort of character. Presumably because they think it makes him more sympathetic and likable? Curiously, the enjoyment of Stannis in the novels has a lot to do with his being unsympathetic and unlikable.Which is probably why they've changed it for the show. While I'm not a Stannis fan, his unlikability in print probably plays better than it would onscreen. There's plenty of characters on all sorts of shows who you love to hate or hate to love. Stannis, as written in the book, would just be hated period. And not in a Joffrey-type hate either. That's not to say Dillane couldn't play it well. I don't necessarily think seeing it onscreen as opposed to seeing it in your mind would work as well.But that's just IMO
3470	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Actually hanging can be pretty protracted - short drop/no drop...And that is, for example, how Pod was hanged by the Brotherhood, or nothing Brienne said would help him. Putting someone in crow cage... Nailing antlers to heads... Being flung by catapult...Dragging behind a horse... Crucifixion... Quite a lot of this is done by "good guys".
3471	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Why does everyone have such a big problem with this? It's actually quite obvious that Stannis and Mel were bangin. In ADWD during Mel's POV chapter, she mentions that her bed has been lonely ever since Stannis left the wall. This actually fits quite a bit if you ask me.Are you indicating that Mel and Stannis did not just have sex twice (Shadow Babies) but that they were having an affair, out and out Adultery?
3472	Penguin king	2013-04-15	Well, he didn't leave her with a child in the first place. His duty, as a King, should have been for his kingdom first and foremost - see Halfhand's lecture on honor vs. duty. Instead, he chose to " do the honorable thing" - which meant utterly pissing off his most important ally in the south (communication lines are even more important than Riverrun).He didn't know if she was pregnant or not, but he didn't want to take the chance. Growing up with Jon, he knew the stigma that a bastard could face. He wanted to avoid making the same mistake that  Ned (supposedly) did . I agree that he had a duty to the Frays as well, and I'm not arguing that he made the wisest choice, or even the right one. The only point i'm making,is that we see Robb doing what he feels is his duty even when he personally suffers for it. Stannis's duty always seems to coincide with his own personal gainStannis did not desire for the Iron Throne. He felt slighted by getting Dragonstone instead of Storm's End from Robert, but he did his duty. And he did his duty when it was revealed that Robert's "sons" isn't his. Then, by law, Stannis is the rightful king. You want to say he should have ignored the blatant violation and deception performed by Lannisters?Out of the 5 kings, Stannis has the best claim, i don't disagree with that. All I disagree with is the idea that he doesn't want to be king. He claims that Storm's End, the Handship and the Iron throne aren't things he ever wanted, but they were all his by right. That just seems really petty to me. Why get so upset by and go to such great lengths to gain titles that you don't even want? If that's really the case then he's no better than gregor with his wooden knight. In fact he's far far worse. Gregor immolated his brother to get back his toy, how many men have died so that Stannis can stop other people playing with his?Even if you think Stannis is evil, you have to admit he's Lawful Evil. And, so far in the show, he's out of character, book-wise.I take a similar veiw to morality as Davos. There aren't good people and evil people, there are just people. As Davos says "It seems to be that most men are grey" Stannis falls with most men i'd say.  And I agree, he has often been out of character in the show, and not always for the better. I prefered his honesty in this scene, but I can see why it would annoy a loy of people. Personally I hated it when he was storming the battlements at King's Landing. That seemed really out of character for where Stannis was in the books at that time. Stannis is clearly willing to fight for his crown, but leading the assult was nothing more than a sure way to get killed. Only plot armour saved him there.You are putting cart before the horse here. When did Stannis put his ambition before the law? The only time he was not lawful (and instead dtiful) was when he joined with his brother during the rebellion - and that again was not done out of ambition. Renly is putting ambition above the law and duty, not Stannis.The point i'm making is his duty and his ambition are one and the same. Being Roberts hand was never his right, but he acted like it was because he wanted the power. He acts like the Iron throne would be a terrible burden, but he's willing to go to almost any length to sit on it. His duty is only important when he stands to benifit. Even roberts rebellion took him from heir to the Stormlands to heir to the throne.  He never seems to suffer for his duty.
3473	Harrad	2013-04-15	If I am every caught in out and out Adultery, do you think "I was hoping to make a shadow baby" would work as an excuse? An interesting thing in both the books and GoT to me, is the foreshadowing of Stannis' gaining the Iron Throne. I think he will, but either it will be short-lived or an ironic "gaining." Stannis in both meida, is too deeply flawed to be one of the last standing positive characters.
3474	zeus	2013-04-15	hate how they make him seem like a desperate man who is horny. 
but hoping that this makes the audience dislike him then all of a sudden turn and make him into a hero figure after he heads to the wall. 
but we'll see i love him in the books so am a bit disappointed with show stannis
3475	E-Ro	2013-04-15	When the show gets to the scene in my sig it had better be fucking amazing, as amazing and badass as it was in the books. With mance struggling to organize his men in the wake of Stan's heavy cavalry and the knights chanting his name. So far they have been pretty good with him, untill last nights ridiculousness so I have hope.
					
					
							Edited by E-Ro, 15 April 2013 - 09:54 AM.
3476	E-Ro	2013-04-15	David Benioff on Stannishttp://www.youtube.c...8;v=DaslqlBtSbcDan Weiss thinks Stannis would make a terrible king (at 4:30)http://www.youtube.c...66&#38;index=19Jesus. Fucking. Christ.I knew I disliked these two, I just never knew why, untill now. It's a good thing they SAY they have read the books because if they didn't I would seriously be questioning wether they did right now.
3477	David Selig	2013-04-15	Honestly I didn't have any problems with this scene. Of course Stannis is desperate - he's losing the war and it seems he has no chance through conventional means, Mel is his only option.
3478	Penguin king	2013-04-15	There is so much wrong with this part. Stannis almost died holding Storm's End. Where's his sense of duty right? Way to forget that tiny little detail.What was his alternative? Surrender Storms end to the mad king? Kneel before Aerys and hope that he doesn't have his head cut off while he's down there? What did serving Robert actually lose him?Cortnay is a good man now? He was a rebel and a traitor. He's also a cardboard character which no one including you cares about, you're just bringing him up to have another attempt at a stab at Stannis. Robb and everyone else did not risk any good men's lives? What did Renly do, starting a pointless war against his brother? Risk livesRenly put himself in the line of fire when he declared himself King. There is no reason whatsoever a younger brother should be obeyed when he declares himself King and threatens to kill his older brother. Not one.You're completely missing the point. I;m not attacking Stannis for his actions, i'm accusing him of lying about his motives. If he doesn't even want to be king then everything he's done and all the people he's killed has been a complete waste of time. Hardly anyone wants to see him on the throne, if he doesn't even want to be there himself then all those people died for nothing. Nothing except satisfaction Stannis might get from knowing no one else gets to sit on his throne. However I'm pretty sure Stannis does want to be king, as i doubt anyone could really be that petty.Seriously dude, your arguments are so poor it's like you're simply trolling people who like Stannis out of spite because he's still alive and Renly and Robb, well, are not..Oh so having alternative opinions is trolling now? I guess we better close down these boards and replace them with a page saying "Stannis is great!" in big neon letters.  I'm not making posts to annoy you ok. I find Stannis's hypocrisy irritating, and I liked how honest he was being in this episode. I've got just as much right to post my opinions as you do.
3479	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	No, you're apparently the type of person that thinks someone is a villain when they show more emotions. This part of the discussion is solely about you saying that they are trying to make him a villain, and me questioning that argument. It's you that are driving an hypothesis, not me.Begging for another shadow baby assassin isn't making him more villainous?
3480	Castle Black	2013-04-15	People are overreacting to this. Once Davos gets out of the cell and Stannis makes him his hand, he will go back to being close to the Stannis from the books. I'm not too worried yet. This should actually happen in next weeks episode...............................
3481	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Seriously dude, your arguments are so poor it's like you're simply trolling people who like Stannis out of spite because he's still alive and Renly and Robb, well, are not. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Seriously, I have a different opinion then Penguin King, but I don't see the need to defile his POV and call it trolling. I've seen lots of trolling today, and his POV that Stannis does want the Throne for some reason is not trolling. The ones with Theon deserving rape are...And technically speaking there is some reason to what he's saying. Stannis has to want the throne for some reason, else he wouldn't go after it.Whether it's his right, or he has a duty to the realm, or he thinks he's the only one who will actually practice the law, or perhaps something else, is not out of the ballpark for his ambitions. tldr; Let's not throw mud.
3482	Gannicus	2013-04-15	David Benioff on Stannishttp://www.youtube.c...d&v=DaslqlBtSbcDan Weiss thinks Stannis would make a terrible king (at 4:30)http://www.youtube.c...DC5466&index=19Holy shit! They don't get him at all.
3483	Capt Banjo	2013-04-15	I love TV and Book Stannis....but he is prophecy whipped. I wasn't put off by him showing it with words instead of actions.
3484	Lady Meera Reed	2013-04-15	Personally I could have gone without the scene where he's rubbing himself on her saying "I WANT YOU". /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />  It's pathetic.WHAT IS SUBTLETY. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Stannis and Cat are too "adult" for the show.  They like the tweens best and the whores and whoremongers.Two of my favorites /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3485	E-Ro	2013-04-15	What was his alternative? Surrender Storms end to the mad king? Kneel before Aerys and hope that he doesn't have his head cut off while he's down there? What did serving Robert actually lose him?I just wanted to address this. The choice between who to fight for was one of the hardest choices he has ever had to make. In the end he chose blood over honor. There is absolutely nothing that says stannis had to fear for his life because if Aerys. Robert and Ned are the ones who were to be killed, not once is stannis or renly mentioned. Yes, he could have held se in Aerys name not Roberts.
3486	David Selig	2013-04-15	I just wanted to address this. The choice between who to fight for was one of the hardest choices he has ever had to make. In the end he chose blood over honor. There is absolutely nothing that says stannis had to fear for his life because if Aerys. Robert and Ned are the ones who were to be killed, not once is stannis or renly mentioned. Yes, he could have held se in Aerys name not Roberts. Come on. Aerys killed Rickard because he was Brandon's father, he killed all of Brandon's companions just for riding with him to the red Keep, he wanted Ned and Robert's head simply for being Brandon's brother and Lyanna's betrothed. Chances were Stannis was next on the death list.
3487	Peasant Rebel Leader	2013-04-15	As has been pointed out, character development is very important for a tv show (seasonal or more) story arc. You can't just jump to the Stannis we know from the latter parts of the books, you need to get there. Thus I do agree with them making Stannis more desperate after Blackwater and more willing to risk things. It's Davos that brings him out of that thought pattern again when he saves Edric Storm later on. You notice that they had his sarcasm and rigid attitude very down in season 2, with the talk with Renly, him telling Davos of the Siege of Storm's End, etc. ... So, no, he's not ruined, they just present a little bit more pointed story than in the books where we only get to see it from Davos pov in the cells (thus, not really).
3488	Gannicus	2013-04-15	I understand they're trying to convey that he's desperate but why paint him out to be a horny fucking school boy.
"Mel I want you, feel my boner." That's not Stannis. D&D don't get this character.
I will be really disappointed if they continue to make him darker than he needs to be.
3489	Greywolf2375	2013-04-15	Why does everyone have such a big problem with this? It's actually quite obvious that Stannis and Mel were bangin. In ADWD during Mel's POV chapter, she mentions that her bed has been lonely ever since Stannis left the wall. This actually fits quite a bit if you ask me.Because Stannis was not involved/invested in that relationship from an emotional or sexual perspective - he was involved in it because it was giving him an upper hand in trying to win the war.   We know they were physically having sex to produce the shadow baby, but the why he was doing it is what is the large change.Individually I don't have much issue with minor changes to characters, but with each change the character moves farther and farther away from what made Stannis...well...Stannis. The iron hard, unbending, "right is right" person.  Adultery is not acceptable, yet here he is asking her to stay for just that reason.
3490	E-Ro	2013-04-15	I understand they're trying to convey that he's desperate but why paint him out to be a horny fucking school boy."Mel I want you, feel my boner." That's not Stannis. D&amp;D don't get this character.I will be really disappointed if they continue to make him darker than he needs to be.This.
3491	Penguin king	2013-04-15	/stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Seriously, I have a different opinion then Penguin King, but I don't see the need to defile his POV and call it trolling.I've seen lots of trolling today, and his POV that Stannis does want the Throne for some reason is not trolling. The ones with Theon deserving rape are...And technically speaking there is some reason to what he's saying. Stannis has to want the throne for some reason, else he wouldn't go after it.Whether it's his right, or he has a duty to the realm, or he thinks he's the only one who will actually practice the law, or perhaps something else, is not out of the ballpark for his ambitions.tldr; Let's not throw mud.Thanks for the backup /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I know it can be a sore spot for some posters when you criticize their favourite characters, but I'm not deliberately trying to step on people's toes.
3492	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	That's not what I was saying at all.  The point I was making, is that Robb found himself in a moral dilemma which he solved at his own expense. You never see that from stannis.lmao...Robb "found himself" in a moral dilemma?
3493	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Come on. Aerys killed Rickard because he was Brandon's father, he killed all of Brandon's companions just for riding with him to the red Keep, he wanted Ned and Robert's head simply for being Brandon's brother and Lyanna's betrothed. Chances were Stannis was next on the death list.If Aerys wanted him dead why was his head not called for as well? Stannis himself feels he was not at danger from the mad king because he almost supported him.
3494	mafalda	2013-04-15	The fact that he is begging at all is out of character. I wish they would do his character (and Littlefinger's) justice.
Viserys was the beggar king, not Stannis.
/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3495	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	So I hated Stannis the first time I read the series. Rereads have made me really appreciate what he brings to the series, although I think of him as an object lesson rather than a hero.  I aggree w/ runaway penguin on page 2...Actually book Stannis quite visibly does not lust for power or for the IT because he wants it, but because... Well, because it's the Lawful thing to do and he will break before he bends.Book Stannis - can't bring himself to acknowledge shadow children, feels like he has this duty propelling him forward, is cold, and incredibly controlled...Scene on the Beach Stannis: WTF.I mean maybe...  but that is certainly NOT the Stannis he shows people other than her which is possible, I guess.The one good thing about the beach scene: I think I know where she is going and I like their solution to
	Spoiler getting the nephew onto the island

					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 15 April 2013 - 10:36 AM.
3496	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	Stannis didnt want sex.  He wanted a shadow death assassin to kill Joff and Rob.  You guys really think he just wanted some red priestess tail? Come on....
He got it handed to him at the battle of blackwater.  He lost his top general, and is hiding in dragonstone.  His only adviser is leaving.  Yes he is desperate.
Could have been more subtle sure, but it was far from character assassination.
3497	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Actually Stannis would make a terrible king. That's the whole point. He is just too righteous to the point of severity. He would be a tyrant - a complete polar opposite to what Aerys was and no doubt what Joffrey will turn into - but a tyrant none the less.... His character flaws are the entire point of the story. Without that, there would be no Renly story and the North rebellion could no doubt have been settled without secession. ASOIAF would have been a novella.I do get why they are showing Stannis with doubts. His army and navy has been smashed. He has nowhere to turn and is stuck holed up on Dragonstone. Only a 'Toe-headed plank' wouldn't be showing some strain.... but I think they might have gone too far with his downward spiral. It might be resolvable when he moves North. I'll just wait and see.
3498	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	What are you talking about? Being burned alive is one of the most horrible way to die there is, much more painful than hanging or beheading, which is what the rest of Westeros uses.So i guess that's all you're disputing from the original post.  Doesn't make him evil.
3499	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	The fact that he is begging at all is out of character. I wish they would do his character (and Littlefinger's) justice. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3500	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Let's be honest here, Stannis is pretty much a force for evilUsing dark magic to kill your own family? CheckBurning people alive? CheckConsidering burning your own nephew? CheckAllowing your most loyal servant to rot in a dungeon? Check /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />   And I am really, really glad the TV series is showing Stannis for what I believe he really is.  I've never understood Stannis fans -- he's cold, cruel, and completely without any personality or sense of humor.  Of course, to each her/his own, and I know that there're lots of folks out there that don't like the characters I like.  And that's OK -- it's part of what makes the forum discussions so good.	  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
3501	David Selig	2013-04-15	If Aerys wanted him dead why was his head not called for as well? Stannis himself feels he was not at danger from the mad king because he almost supported him. Aerys didn't want him dead at this particular moment, but if Robert makes him angry (by winning a military victory, etc) and Stannis was at Aerys's disposal, what do you think was likely to happen?
3502	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I just hope they get it right when he goes north and show his righteousness
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 15 April 2013 - 10:45 AM.
3503	Songlian	2013-04-15	David Benioff on Stannishttp://www.youtube.c...d&v=DaslqlBtSbcDan Weiss thinks Stannis would make a terrible king (at 4:30)http://www.youtube.c...DC5466&index=19Wow, some pretty subjective opinions in those videos. Color me disappointed.As for the Stannis scene... I think it was ok-ish. I mean, the man is a bit broken at this point, no? It should reflect somehow.
3504	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Come on. Aerys killed Rickard because he was Brandon's father, he killed all of Brandon's companions just for riding with him to the red Keep, he wanted Ned and Robert's head simply for being Brandon's brother and Lyanna's betrothed. Chances were Stannis was next on the death list.Did Stannis not say that the choice was hard?  So you're saying he was lying?  To what end?
3505	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Well, since I'm definitely a fan of Stannis, I loved the scene!  But, in terms of the show, and setting my prejudice aside, I did think it diminished him too much.  However, it was a great portrait of continuing depression following his loss at BoBB.  Thought Mel (of whom I'm not a fan, either) did a terrific job of emerging as the most powerful director of Stannis' campaign at this point.   But.....Please don't let her hurt Gendry, please don't let her hurt Gendry, please don't let her hurt Gendry....................Oops...major error!  I meant to say that I'm definitely NOT a fan of Stannis!
3506	Penguin king	2013-04-15	I just wanted to address this. The choice between who to fight for was one of the hardest choices he has ever had to make. In the end he chose blood over honor. There is absolutely nothing that says stannis had to fear for his life because if Aerys. Robert and Ned are the ones who were to be killed, not once is stannis or renly mentioned. Yes, he could have held se in Aerys name not Roberts.ok, I probably oversimplified there. Like David says, supporting Aerys was probably a risky option as he was not against punishining men for the crimes of their brothers, but I suppose holding Storms end in his name might have convinced him of his loyalty.  Being torn between his king and his brother probably wasn't an easy position to be put in, and It's interesting that, like Robb, Stannis choses personal loyalty over feudal obligationsIt's still not an example of Stannis making a personal sacrifice for duty though, as he stood to gain as much as he stood to lose from his service. If he'd served Aerys and Aerys won he'd have probably been made lord of Storm's End, and with Robbert he stood to gain Storms End and 1st place in the line of succesion.  Robert kinda let him down there, but he did get Dragonstone at least, and a seat on the small council.What i'm looking for is an example of when Stannis has put his duty or his legal obligations first, and directly suffered as a result.
3507	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Jesus. Fucking. Christ.I knew I disliked these two, I just never knew why, untill now. It's a good thing they SAY they have read the books because if they didn't I would seriously be questioning wether they did right now.Pretty much.  I'm really just taking the TV series as kind of a joke.  Its like when you watch a movie and its too unrealistic so you begin to entertain yourself by picking it apart.  I'm not very impressed with much of their translations.
3508	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Aerys didn't want him dead at this particular moment, but if Robert makes him angry (by winning a military victory, etc) and Stannis was at Aerys's disposal, what do you think was likely to happen?Stannis did not feel as if he had anything to fear from Aerys. And if he did think that way then he didn't care, it was a hard choice to make for him. That is the extent of the mans integrity.
3509	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	ok, I probably oversimplified there. Like David says, supporting Aerys was probably a risky option as he was not against punishining men for the crimes of their brothers, but I suppose holding Storms end in his name might have convinced him of his loyalty.  Being torn between his king and his brother probably wasn't an easy position to be put in, and It's interesting that, like Robb, Stannis choses personal loyalty over feudal obligationsIt's still not an example of Stannis making a personal sacrifice for duty though, as he stood to gain as much as he stood to lose from his service. If he'd served Aerys and Aerys won he'd have probably been made lord of Storm's End, and with Robbert he stood to gain Storms End and 1st place in the line of succesion.  Robert kinda let him down there, but he did get Dragonstone at least, and a seat on the small council.What i'm looking for is an example of when Stannis has put his duty or his legal obligations first, and directly suffered as a result.I already told you, Proudwing.  He suffered merciless mocking in order to do fullfill his obligation.
3510	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Pretty much.  I'm really just taking the TV series as kind of a joke.  Its like when you watch a movie and its too unrealistic so you begin to entertain yourself by picking it apart.  I'm not very impressed with much of their translations.Lol that's a good idea, instead of treating the show as a serious interpretation of grrm's works(which it started off as)  just think of it like the comedy it is.
3511	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	People are overreacting to this. Once Davos gets out of the cell and Stannis makes him his hand, he will go back to being close to the Stannis from the books. I'm not too worried yet. This should actually happen in next weeks episode...............................But there again lies the problem - Stannis made Davos Hand for obvious reasons (loyal, not afraid to speak his mind) after Davos was examined by Mel - with her distinct approval - despite being openly hostile to her. Yes, Stannis is kinda desperate - but it shows by brooding more than usual, not by begging sexual favors.I shudder to think how Davos being released and promoted would look like...
3512	David Selig	2013-04-15	Did Stannis not say that the choice was hard?  So you're saying he was lying?  To what end? Excuse for me not taking everything Stannis says as gospel unlike some of you. He is perfectly capable of lies and is a big time hypocrite.
3513	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I just hope they get it right when he goes north and show his righteousnessCould be part of the roller-coaster they are setting the season up for. Here's how it could pan out.1) Starks in trouble now, but resolution options appear to be good with Edmure's wedding - season end BAM oops option gone2) Daenaerys - looks great through the season then - BAM she is still thousands of miles away with no way of getting her army home. Come back in S7 or S8.3) Lannister/Tyrell alliance - firmer grasp on the throne than ever with the wedding coming up4) Stannis - looks terrible all season then - BAM big hero move at the end moving north5) Greyjoys - Who?As a show it would work, but they have to make sure they don't ruin Stannis enough that viewers can't re-engage with him.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 11:03 AM.
3514	Toxspecific	2013-04-15	Stannis was certainly not an unstable wreck after the Blackwater. This is a tough guy we're talking about. Sure, the whole misfortune of his loss at the BW must have shaken him up a bit but he was more pissed off than desperate (the sort of desperate they showed in the episode, that is) and had no intentions of banging Melisandre.
3515	Penguin king	2013-04-15	I already told you, Proudwing.  He suffered merciless mocking in order to do fullfill his obligation.Obligation to a bird? I guess I took away something different from that story.My understanding is he cared for Proudwing out of love and compassion. He wanted to see her soar for those reasons, and maybe a little pride on his part.  Yet after her repeated failure and his brother's relentless mocking he abandons her at his uncle's inistance. It seems to me that on that day Stannis gave up on ideas like compassion and sentiment and chose to focus instead on the cold hard practicallities.I found it kind of tragic.I'd be interested if you could expand your take on it.
3516	tallTale	2013-04-15	Poor Stannis.
I hope they invent a new Viagra drug to help him get that "fire burning" again.
They could call it, "Wildfire", for when "Your fire burns low, time to to stoke the inner flames with Wildfire!" /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
					
					
							Edited by tallTale, 15 April 2013 - 11:14 AM.
3517	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Excuse for me not taking everything Stannis says as gospel unlike some of you. He is perfectly capable of lies and is a big time hypocrite.Im trying to figure out why he would have lied about it...im sure you have a reason.  I can see an argument for some other lies you claim from stannis, specifically whether or not he knew about the first shadowbaby beforehand.
3518	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Dbl post
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 15 April 2013 - 11:08 AM.
3519	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-15	There just setting up him as desperate and aimless, 1) to give weighted need to his acceptance of Mel's blood ritual with Robert's bastard, and 2) to make it all the more surprising when he decides to save the Wall.
3520	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-15	Begging for another shadow baby assassin isn't making him more villainous?To kill Joffrey with it? Hardly. That's probably what a lot of viewers would hope for.Stannis was certainly not an unstable wreck after the Blackwater. This is a tough guy we're talking about. Sure, the whole misfortune of his loss at the BW must have shaken him up a bit but he was more pissed off than desperate (the sort of desperate they showed in the episode, that is) and had no intentions of banging Melisandre.He was certainly banging Melisandre for an extended period of time. Melisandre says that her bed is so lonely after Stannis leaves in a later book and they certainly weren't making shadows all the time (then Stannis would have died).
3521	Ran	2013-04-15	We know Stannis and Melisandre sleep together more than once in the novels.
I don't know that Stannis was unstable, but he was certainly a wreck after the Blackwater in the books. Brooding, just brooding, not seeing any way forward, letting Melisandre and Axell take more and more control, and so on. It took Davos's return and their reconciliation to start to snap him out of it.
3522	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Excuse for me not taking everything Stannis says as gospel unlike some of you. He is perfectly capable of lies and is a big time hypocrite.I disagree. He has no motive for lying about this and is not known by anyone to lie. As for hypocrisy, do tell as I would to hear this.
3523	Young Nan	2013-04-15	I hated that scene too. 
Yes, Stannis and Melisandre were probably having sex to produce the shadow babies, but that's it. 
The Baratheon brothers represent three forms of male sexuality:  Robert-Heterosexual, Renly-Homosexual, and Stannis-Asexual. The sigil of their house is a Stag, often associated with male sexuality.
Stannis only has sex with his wife because it is his "duty" to create heirs, and only has sex with Melisandre to produce shadow babies.  Other than that I doubt he would even have sex at all. 
So yes, having him begging Melisandre not to go away because he wants her so much, and groping her on the beach, goes against everything that GRRM established in the books, and I think it is character assassination.
3524	jons nissa	2013-04-15	Out of the 5 kings, Stannis has the best claim, i don't disagree with that. All I disagree with is the idea that he doesn't want to be king. He claims that Storm's End, the Handship and the Iron throne aren't things he ever wanted, but they were all his by right. That just seems really petty to me. Why get so upset by and go to such great lengths to gain titles that you don't even want? If that's really the case then he's no better than gregor with his wooden knight. In fact he's far far worse. Gregor immolated his brother to get back his toy, how many men have died so that Stannis can stop other people playing with his?The point i'm making is his duty and his ambition are one and the same. Being Roberts hand was never his right, but he acted like it was because he wanted the power. He acts like the Iron throne would be a terrible burden, but he's willing to go to almost any length to sit on it. His duty is only important when he stands to benifit. Even roberts rebellion took him from heir to the Stormlands to heir to the throne.  He never seems to suffer for his duty.THIS!however, while the reader knows stannis has the strongest claim to the throne, westeros does not and most likely never will since it is not possible to prove the genetics of robert's children. unless cersei or jaime confess about their children, it will always look like stannis is another usurper. but otherwise, yeah, he wants it and is lying to the world and to himself about his duty. one doesn't kill one's brother for duty. even renly was clear on what he was doing and why. he was prepared to fight for what he wanted. so is stannis. he wants it, regardless of how much he denies it and has shown that he is willing to go to great lengths to get it. show stannis seems to illustrate this more clearly.
3525	David Selig	2013-04-15	Im trying to figure out why he would have lied about it...im sure you have a reason.  I can see an argument for some other lies you claim from stannis, specifically whether or not he knew about the first shadowbaby beforehand. Stannis always tries to talk up how dutiful he is and what sacrifices he made for duty. So explaining that it was a hard choice it was between Robert and Aerys when it actually wasn't that hard makes perfect sense to me. You know, the "Look what I sacrificed for my brother even though he didn't like me" kind of speech, embellishing or plain twisting the truth to make himself look like a victim - that's perfectly in character. Plus wasn't he trying to justify to Davos why he was forgiving those who changed sides from Renly and joined him? IIRC that's when this talk happened though I could be wrong...
3526	Aelos	2013-04-15	just because we have no POV where Stannis and Mel have some adult fun, doesn't mean it didn't happen.
I like Stannis showing some form of humanity...
3527	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	I disagree. He has no motive for lying about this and is not known by anyone to lie. As for hypocrisy, do tell as I would to hear this.Well, there is the fact that he claims to be law abiding,just and right, yet commits adultery and kinslaying. For Stannis, no crime is too great if it will get him the throne, as he has demonstrated several times. Im still not entirely convinced that he wouldn't have executed Edric Storm if Davos hadn't rescued him.
3528	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Thanks for the backup /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I know it can be a sore spot for some posters when you criticize their favourite characters, but I'm not deliberately trying to step on people's toes.No need to thank me, I just prefer to hear others' POV's (other people have different ways of thinking of things that I might not first consider or properly appreciate), and dislike knocking it out of hand, especially if the knocking comes off as bias.That being said, there is certainly room to a multitude of interpretations on Stannis, especially if we do 'gap-filling'. Personally I try to avoid this, as I find it bias as well, but sometimes it's necessary to continue with a character I suppose. In that, I have to say I relate to this:The Baratheon brothers represent three forms of male sexuality:  Robert-Heterosexual, Renly-Homosexual, and Stannis-Asexual. The sigil of their house is a Stag, often associated with male sexuality.
3529	E-Ro	2013-04-15	show stannis seems to illustrate this more clearly.See this right here is exactly the problem. The whole reason the show illustrates your interpratation more clearly is because the two guys in charge don't like him.
3530	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	The "low on fire" comment happens in the books, too. She says it to Davos (in the dungeon) when she asks him to help her make another shadow baby b/c the king can't.
So S & M have been having sex in the books, too.
EDIT: It could be he was always this lost with her P-whipped (prophesy whipped) we just never saw it... She has him with the Prophesy that tells him everything he's always wanted to be true... to bad she's reading it wrong...
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 15 April 2013 - 11:30 AM.
3531	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Well, there is the fact that he claims to be law abiding,just and right, yet commits adultery and kinslaying. For Stannis, no crime is too great if it will get him the throne, as he has demonstrated several times. Im still not entirely convinced that he wouldn't have executed Edric Storm if Davos hadn't rescued him.I must be missing something, since when is adultery against the law? Yeah it's not like married men in westeros don't go to brothels or have numerous bastards. It's consensual sex between adults and his wife is ok with it. Complaining about adultery is grasping at straws.Stannis killed renly in self defens just like rheanyra  was executed for trying to usurp the throne from her brother.
3532	jons nissa	2013-04-15	See this right here is exactly the problem. The whole reason the show illustrates your interpratation more clearly is because the two guys in charge don't like him.but this is shown in the text. how can you ignore the unbelievable things stannis is willing to do to fulfill his "duty"? i'm not sure why it's so bad to want the throne anyway? does that make him a bad person or suddenly diminish his ability to rule westeros? and i can't see the youtube to see what d&d said in the interview where i am but i doubt they say they don't like him. can you summarize what they say in a few sentences?
3533	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	I must be missing something, since when is adultery against the law? Yeah it's not like married men in westeros don't go to brothels or have numerous bastards. It's consensual sex between adults and his wife is ok with it. Complaining about adultery is grasping at straws.Stannis killed renly in self defens just like rheanyra  was executed for trying to usurp the throne from her brother.Stannis tries to portray himself as above that sort of behavior is my point. Adultery may not be illegal in Westeros, but from a moral standpoint it can be considered wrong.Also, its not quite self defense if you turn up and lay siege to his castle in the first place.
3534	Penguin king	2013-04-15	See this right here is exactly the problem. The whole reason the show illustrates your interpratation more clearly is because the two guys in charge don't like him.Or it's the other way around, and D&D share our interpretation of Stannis's character, which is why they don't like him.I think one of the great things about ASOIF is that there aren't clear cut good guys and bad guys. Even the protagonists do immoral or questionable things. The down side to that is when it comes to adaptating the series for TV D&D aren't always going to see things the way any individual fan does. I thought that Robb, Jon and Dany were all masively out of character last season, so this isn't just an issue with Stannis.
3535	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	but this is shown in the text. how can you ignore the unbelievable things stannis is willing to do to fulfill his "duty"? i'm not sure why it's so bad to want the throne anyway? does that make him a bad person or suddenly diminish his ability to rule westeros? and i can't see the youtube to see what d&d said in the interview where i am but i doubt they say they don't like him. can you summarize what they say in a few sentences?He says Renly would make an 'unquestionably' better ruler than Stannis (Unquestionably being a bit strong for such a complex story.)Which immediately follows is "Stannis would be a terrible King (most likely) because he just lacks feeling for the common humanity over which he's supposed to rule"Certainly, Stannis is rigid, but I'm not sure I can wave him off as not caring about the realm just yet.
3536	E-Ro	2013-04-15	but this is shown in the text. how can you ignore the unbelievable things stannis is willing to do to fulfill his "duty"? i'm not sure why it's so bad to want the throne anyway? does that make him a bad person or suddenly diminish his ability to rule westeros? and i can't see the youtube to see what d&amp;d said in the interview where i am but i doubt they say they don't like him. can you summarize what they say in a few sentences?It's not shown in the text at all though. What is shown is stannis saying numerous times that he doesn't want the throne but he is fighting for it because its his duty. It's not my fault people choose to ignore this. Also no if he really wanted the throne for selfish reasons it wouldn't diminish him or his ability to rule at all, but haters would just go on about that all day in every debate how he wants the throne so shouldn't get it(as if wanting the throne had any bearing on anything) so I am forced to defend the fact that he doesn't want it for bad or wrong reasons.One of the show runners said renly would make a better king then stannis. That should tell you all you need to know.
3537	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-15	I hated it because  book Stannis is my man. However, I think it may work if the writers are to make emphasis on the whole "saving the kingdom first" and Davos helping Stannis to regain his strength. Everything has to be exaggerated for TV I guess.It still looked odd, though, Melisandre was almost tender toward him...
3538	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Stannis tries to portray himself as above that sort of behavior is my point. Adultery may not be illegal in Westeros, but from a moral standpoint it can be considered wrong.Also, its not quite self defense if you turn up and lay siege to his castle in the first place.Renly was marching on his Capitol and starving his people before he laid siege to se.
3539	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	One of the show runners said renly would make a better king then stannis. That should tell you all you need to know.'Unquestionably'. Funny, since Jaime thinks he'd sit the Throne of Cocks better.
3540	jons nissa	2013-04-15	He says Renly would make an 'unquestionably' better ruler than Stannis (Unquestionably being a bit strong for such a complex story.)Which immediately follows is "Stannis would be a terrible King (most likely) because he just lacks feeling for the common humanity over which he's supposed to rule"Certainly, Stannis is rigid, but I'm not sure I can wave him off as not caring about the realm just yet.thanks for taking the time to do this. i agree, unquestionably is too strong. as for stannis feeling for humanity, well that's a different story. i think that deserves a thread, tbh.
3541	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	One of the show runners said renly would make a better king then stannis. That should tell you all you need to know.Why wouldnt he? Renly actually cared about his citizens (or at least pretended to, which is a hell of a lot more than Stannis has so far). He doesnt burn people alive. He shows some flexibility in his judgement, he was willing to compromise.
3542	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Or it's the other way around, and D&amp;D share our interpretation of Stannis's character, which is why they don't like him.No you misunderstand me. They should not be changing characters based on how they view them. They should be sticking to the books as close as possible when it comes to the characters personalities.
3543	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Why wouldnt he? Renly actually cared about his citizens (or at least pretended to, which is a hell of a lot more than Stannis has so far). He doesnt burn people alive. He shows some flexibility in his judgement, he was willing to compromise.He pretends to care by starving them.
3544	Oakenfist	2013-04-15	In Dance, Mel says that her bed doesn't have much use now that Stannis is gone. And we know Mel doesn't sleep so what do you people think that means?
You have to be quite naive to actually think that Stannis who is completely estranged from his wife doesn't have a sexual relationship with Mel.
3545	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	thanks for taking the time to do this. i agree, unquestionably is too strong. as for stannis feeling for humanity, well that's a different story. i think that deserves a thread, tbh.No problem. And I agree, it could certainly be well argued over, but I'm not sure I could just rule it out of hand myself.No you misunderstand me. They should not be changing characters based on how they view them. They should be sticking to the books as close as possible when it comes to the characters personalities.I agree here too. If they put in parts that didn't occur in the book, and it tends towards their own interpretation, it's not without reason to find these 'filled gaps' as bias.
3546	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	No you misunderstand me. They should not be changing characters based on how they view them. They should be sticking to the books as close as possible when it comes to the characters personalities.No. They do whatever they want with them to make what they think will make for a better adaptation. This is the seriously such a naivecomment that I don't think you actually know anything about adaptation.Just read the books if this is your serious perspective. And for the record I dislike show Stannis and would prefer if he were closer to the man from the books. However Stannis doesn't become too likable (for most readers that don't dedicate their lives to white-knighting a clearly morally ambigious and grey character) until later in aSoS and then aDwD so I'm trying to reserve judgement until then.
3547	Winter's Prince	2013-04-15	So I'm guessing D&B are republicans too, huh. I for believe they hate the Starks
3548	Gannicus	2013-04-15	Why wouldnt he? Renly actually cared about his citizens (or at least pretended to, which is a hell of a lot more than Stannis has so far). He doesnt burn people alive. He shows some flexibility in his judgement, he was willing to compromise.Renly doesn't give a crap about his people. Everything he does is entirely self motivated.Renly's good at putting on a show and a fake face that is all.
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 15 April 2013 - 11:48 AM.
3549	Penguin king	2013-04-15	It's not shown in the text at all though. What is shown is stannis saying numerous times that he doesn't want the throne but he is fighting for it because its his duty. It's not my fault people choose to ignore this. Also no if he really wanted the throne for selfish reasons it wouldn't diminish him or his ability to rule at all, but haters would just go on about that all day in every debate how he wants the throne so shouldn't get it(as if wanting the throne had any bearing on anything) so I am forced to defend the fact that he doesn't want it for bad or wrong reasons.One of the show runners said renly would make a better king then stannis. That should tell you all you need to know.Just because people disagree with you and your love for anything Stannis, doesn't make them "Haters"People don't deny that Stannis claims not to want the throne, they just don't believe him when he says it. It's not his motives that lead me to believe he'd be a terrible king, but his lack of compassion, his awful people skills, his strict ideas about law and justice, his belief that men should bend the knee just because he says so, His willingness to overthrow the religion of westeros while never really beliving in the Red god.... It's a long list.Renly might not be a great choice for king, but I believe he would have made a far better king than Stannis. He was smart, charismatic and had the support of the people. He was far more flexible and didn't expect people to Kneel because of some nebuous "right". He had his flaws sure. He was arrogant and naive, and far too enamoured with pageantry, but he was young, and given time he'd probably have matured somewhat.
3550	David Selig	2013-04-15	Renly doesn't give a crap about his people. Everything he does is entirely self motivated. But that's not the case with the Show Renly, you know, the one the showrunners were actually talking about.
3551	Penguin king	2013-04-15	No you misunderstand me. They should not be changing characters based on how they view them. They should be sticking to the books as close as possible when it comes to the characters personalities.I'm not sure that scene changed him all that much. We never see him when he's alone with Mel, so it's possible that he's more up front with her than he is with other people. Of course if you believe all his talk of duty and birthrights then I guess it is a major change to his character... They probably should have left things more ambiguous.
3552	W.Kane	2013-04-15	In Dance, Mel says that her bed doesn't have much use now that Stannis is gone. And we know Mel doesn't sleep so what do you people think that means?You have to be quite naive to actually think that Stannis who is completely estranged from his wife doesn't have a sexual relationship with Mel.We say he wouldn't beg to get some. it is out of character for him , they did have sex to produce SB. Stannis only had sex with his wife once or twice a year out of duty. he is not very passionate  man, that is who he is ,
3553	Penguin king	2013-04-15	Renly doesn't give a crap about his people. Everything he does is entirely self motivated.Renly's good at putting on a show and a fake face that is all.You can't state that with any certainty. Brienne and Loras both thought he'd make a good ruler, and he had far more support than Stannis ever did. He wants to rule I agree, but we really don't know what his plans were once he'd taken the throne.
3554	jons nissa	2013-04-15	We say he wouldn't beg to get some. it is out of character for him , they did have sex to produce SB.Stannis only had sex with his wife once or twice a year out of duty. he is not very passionate  man, that is who he is ,actually he's extremely passionate about his duty of sitting on the iron throne. extremely.
3555	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2013-04-15	I think that if in the scene he was just trying to get her to stay, make him a little desprate, but not this horny powerhungry idiot.
3556	The Monkey	2013-04-15	I think that one of the S2 'Inside the episode' clips had one of the D's say 'Stannis is a villain' or something to that effect.And yes, I too hated what they did to him in this episode.Aye, he said that, but when you watch his scenes in S2, they actually made him a lot more likeable than he was in ACoK. For example, he was mad at the nobles for mocking Davos, and he expressed remorse at his soldiers' fate at the Blackwater. None if this is in the novel, where he was more or less portrayed as a stone-hearted bastard.
3557	Enutie	2013-04-15	He seems like a flat-out villain...do any non book readers even like him?Yeah I like him.I am hoping he is AA, And that he will save the worldBut yeah, I didnt really like how they showed him here in this episode :/EDIT: aaah, you meant non-book readers, sorry!
					
					
							Edited by Enutie, 15 April 2013 - 12:01 PM.
3558	W.Kane	2013-04-15	actually he's extremely passionate about his duty of sitting on the iron throne. extremely.we both know , you understood what I meant. anyway , the writers really fucked up  , they ruined one of the most complex and interesting characters of ASOIAF . RIP ,  game of thrones .
3559	Gannicus	2013-04-15	But that's not the case with the Show Renly, you know, the one the showrunners were actually talking about.Isn't it though? Renly came of as a wus playing at war. He still had no claim to the throne.Even if we assume he only acted because he thought he would make a great king, he was still manipulated by his boyfriend.Charm isn't enough, the guy simply didn't have the chops for the job.You can't state that with any certainty. Brienne and Loras both thought he'd make a good ruler, and he had far more support than Stannis ever did. He wants to rule I agree, but we really don't know what his plans were once he'd taken the throne.Brienne and Loras both have a hard on for him though. We now he's playing games when important things are happening. He fails to act, he fails to follow any code of succession, he's never won a single battle, and in the show he is manipulated into action by Loras.  I can't say for certain but it doesn't look good.
3560	Penguin king	2013-04-15	we both know , you understood what I meant.anyway , the writers really fucked up  , they ruined one of the most complex and interesting characters of ASOIAF .RIP ,  game of thrones .I felt like that last season with Jon Snow.  They removed all the cool parts of his ACOK storyline and made him look like an idiot. I'm still watching though. The show is more like an alternative universe or something in my eyes.
3561	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	we both know , you understood what I meant.anyway , the writers really fucked up  , they ruined one of the most complex and interesting characters of ASOIAF .One? How about the LF simplification last episode with Sansa? IMO, that was even worse than this.Hell, one could even say the staff are truly bias when it comes to him, especially with Tyrion's "is there a village idiot who trusts LF?"I remember reading a Tyrion POV of him being disturbed of LF...RIP ,  game of thrones .Hmm, not yet. A few more assassinations to start that grave.EditI felt like that last season with Jon Snow.  They removed all the cool parts of his ACOK storyline and made him look like an idiot. I'm still watching though. The show is more like an alternative universe or something in my eyes.Yeah, I'm not liking Beyond the Wall at all any more. Especially in S3. In positive news, the Lannister scenes are all epic imo.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 15 April 2013 - 12:14 PM.
3562	Brother Without Banners	2013-04-15	Stannis is my favorite character, much to the surprise of most people I've met who have read all of the books, but I'll admit that the show is portraying him in a bad light this season.
I could tolerate last seasons changes, but I do think they're overdoing this portrayal of the relationship between him and Mel. I never had the impression in the books that he was in love with her or obsessed with her or anything, just that he's attracted to her, and uses her as a tool for his early success with the two shadows. He's not a true believer in the fires or in R'hllor at all, and he's simply obsessed with becoming King because the Iron Throne is, in his view, his by right, and they didn't change that part of Stannis, but TV Stannis does seem to be enamored by Mel much more than Book Stannis ever was.
Obviously D&D have no love for Stannis, but they could just be setting up a triumphant rise when they get to his rescue at the Wall. We shall see.
3563	congokong	2013-04-15	I never bought this actor as Stannis, and even less so now.
3564	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	I think Stannis isn't Asexual, hey just isn't that into Selyse. And Melissande is HOT and strong and driven, just like him.
They both are driven by a lust for "duty" they are both still confused as to what that really means.  
I'm not saying he is a true beleive in the books, he's not, but we don't know what he's like alone with her.
Stannis is rigid and legalistic and therefore prone to fractures. He didn't talk to anyone but Mel post blackwater in the books - if that is not damage what is? GRRM doesn't seem to hold up rigidity as a good thing. Stannis isn't acting for the good of the small folk of the realm. He is acting out of a white-knuckled of duty that conveniently places him at the center of the universe.  I think that is the vibe that D&D are brining to the fore.
They are simplifying everyone, not just Stannis. They have to.
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 15 April 2013 - 12:19 PM.
3565	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-15	Stannis is a broken dude after Blackwater, I geuss when Davos reads the letter to him is when he will change back.
3566	E-Ro	2013-04-15	No. They do whatever they want with them to make what they think will make for a better adaptation. This is the seriously such a naivecomment that I don't think you actually know anything about adaptation.Just read the books if this is your serious perspective. Utter nonsense. Changing a characters PERSONALITY does not make for a better adaptation, changing some things that happen is fine(like tallisa) but changing a character based on your own biases is not the way to make anything better, it just lessens the end product by making it less complex.
3567	Oakenfist	2013-04-15	I think Stannis isn't Asexual, hey just isn't that into Selyse. And Melissande is HOT and strong and driven, just like him.They both are driven by a lust for "duty" they are both still confused as to what that really means.  I'm not saying he is a true beleive in the books, he's not, but we don't know what he's like alone with her.Stannis is rigid and legalistic and therefore prone to fractures. He didn't talk to anyone but Mel post blackwater in the books - if that is not damage what is? GRRM doesn't seem to hold up rigidity as a good thing. Stannis isn't acting for the good of the small folk of the realm. He is acting out of a white-knuckled of duty that conveniently places him at the center of the universe.  I think that is the vibe that D&D are brining to the fore.They are simplifying everyone, not just Stannis. They have to.Try explaining this to the whiners who apparently think that the Stannis post-Wall is the same as Stannis post-Blackwater. It takes Davos to remind him of his duty and before that I honestly didn't like Stannis at all.The only reason why he has some show watcher fans now is because they showed Stannis leading the vanguard and being all bad ass, which didn't happen in the book version of Blackwater.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 15 April 2013 - 12:21 PM.
3568	Penguin king	2013-04-15	Brienne and Loras both have a hard on for him though. We now he's playing games when important things are happening. He fails to act, he fails to follow any code of succession, he's never won a single battle, and in the show he is manipulated into action by Loras.  I can't say for certain but it doesn't look good.And Stannis's biggest supporters are his wife, the priestess he's screwing and a guy with a serious man crush on him. and Davos is always questioning Stannis's decisions. Renly probably shouldn't have been so flippant about the war, but he was pretty certain he was going to win. without Mel's Shadow baby he probably would have.  Stannis is manipluated far more by Mel than Loras ever was by Renly.I'm not saying Renly would have made a perfect king, but I honestly believe he had more going for him than Stannis, Aerys, Robert and Joffrey.
3569	Hedge Lawyer	2013-04-15	Stannis having a crush on Mel is a possibility even in the books, but him seeming so hungry to attain an heir for his cause is just out of character.This, Jaime's cousin killing.... Bad moves. Out of character. Stannis would view making a son as a formality. And he would sure as hell not ask Melisandre to give birth to a human bastard - what the heck, D&D?
	Spoiler  IIRC, it's made clear in ADwD that Stannis has been sleeping with Melisandre. 
I agree with you that Jaime's cousin-killing was terribly out of character.  IMO, it's the second worst mistake that D&B have made (the first being everything they've done with the "Talisa" storyline.)
					
					
							Edited by Hedge Lawyer, 15 April 2013 - 12:25 PM.
3570	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	No. They do whatever they want with them to make what they think will make for a better adaptation. This is the seriously such a naivecomment that I don't think you actually know anything about adaptation.Just read the books if this is your serious perspective.And for the record I dislike show Stannis and would prefer if he were closer to the man from the books. However Stannis doesn't become too likable (for most readers that don't dedicate their lives to white-knighting a clearly morally ambigious and grey character) until later in aSoS and then aDwD so I'm trying to reserve judgement until then.i find myself defending stannis a lot but I agree with the bold.  I'm expecting an epic turnaround of viewer perception.  .
3571	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	He went from a relentless badass charging the walls of King's Landing to a horny old man desperate to get laid in just 4 episodes.
The worst thing about the scene is the part "I want Joffery dead, I want Rob Stark dead" had no power to it. In the teaser trailers for S3 it was said with such malice. You could really hear Stannis's frustration and anger but it just gets lost in that scene. Terrible writing on D & D's part.
3572	congokong	2013-04-15	In the books, many of Stannis' followers think Melisandre has brainwashed/seduced him. Whether this is true or not is up for debate. I feel he's more desperate for support, which has caused him to look the other way on things he wouldn't have done before. It's clear in the books that he doesn't (openly at least) desire her. She's a tool to be used.
In the show though, D+D want to exploit any sexual angle they can. They've taken the whole seduction thing and went with it. Now Stannis screws Mel on the painted table onscreen and kisses and longs for her on the shore. I could not buy Stannis saying "I want you" to anyone.
3573	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	Maybe this is the problem, people seem to think Stannis is hungry for sex and an heir in that scene. Stannis is asking for another shadow baby to kill the people he wants dead. 
That is what upset me b/c in the book he is in denial about that to protect his legalistic psyche. That is the nuance lost in show to me.
3574	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	i find myself defending stannis a lot but I agree with the bold.  I'm expecting an epic turnaround of viewer perception.  .i find myself defending stannis a lot but I agree with the bold.  I'm expecting an epic turnaround of viewer perception.  .I'm sure that once the battle at the wall rolls around people will be hopping on the Stannis train. I'm no a big fan of Stannis, but god did I feel like chanting Stannis!Stannis! at that moment
3575	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	He's obviously fucking Melisandre in the books. Not even Stannis has the resilience to prevent that. But he's way too "proud" in the books to solicit sex like he was doing, and especially on a beach in front of his men.
I hope they realize that he's a very grey character -- not an archetype villain.
3576	Oakenfist	2013-04-15	We say he wouldn't beg to get some. it is out of character for him , they did have sex to produce SB.Stannis only had sex with his wife once or twice a year out of duty. he is not very passionate  man, that is who he is ,He has a reputation for being dispassionate because he has an ugly wife. And much of his storyline in the first half of SOS is implied with rumours that he hasn't left his bedchamber for weeks and only sees Mel not even his wife. They're just filing in the gaps and setting up for his redemption.
					
					
							Edited by Oakenfist, 15 April 2013 - 12:51 PM.
3577	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	He has a reputation for being dispassionate because he has an ugly wife. And much of his storyline in the first half of SOS is implied with rumours that he hasn't left his bedchamber for weeks and only sees Mel not even his wife. They're just filing in the gaps and setting up for his redemption.Yes...very clever, come to think of it. The more of a villain he appears, the more surprising it will be at the end of (presumably) Season 4.
3578	Sun	2013-04-15	In the books we primarily saw Stannis from Davos' eyes. Davos wasn't privy to the private moments between his king and Mel, so I can give the show a pass on this scene. The Stannis I saw in this episode did not go beyond the imaginable parameters of book Stannis, imo.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 12:56 PM.
3579	shiola	2013-04-15	The whole scene was just...  Off.  I'm re-watching the series with someone who has never seen it and we just started season two.  Mel is otherwordly and strange and kind of mystical.  You can hardly compare her to the Mel we saw this episode, who was smirking and talking normally.  It wasn't even the dialogue I had a problem with so much as the tones of voice and the expressions.  Stannis' first "Make me a son" I kinda felt as him wanting to get some, but the second time he said it seemed more desperate, in the I need a son to kill my enemies sort of way rather than the I need to have sex now sort of way.  So I don't think it was all around terrible.I don't wanna go so far as to say he's ruined.  We'll see how he deals with the Gendry/Edric storyline, I suppose.  He probably talks to Davos in the dungeons next episode too and hopefully Davos can set him on the path of awesome book Stannis.
3580	Fat Mac	2013-04-15	To be fair, this is the time in which Stannis is most desperate. He's just lost almost everything, and he believes Melisandre is his only way of achieving victory.Not to mention, I'm sure Stannis even gets urges.
3581	Honourable Ser	2013-04-15	I prefer the TV version of Stannis. I never really warmed to the 'grey' character in the books, and find myself enjoying Stephen Dillane's portrayal of him; borderline madman, which is exactly where I'm expecting Stannis' character to go.
3582	mormont	2013-04-15	[mod] A friendly reminder:
We prefer not to see people turning threads into discussions about themselves or each other. Stick to the topic. Don't start slagging each other off. [/mod]
3583	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-15	At this point, I expect Stannis will have no qualms whatsoever about burning his nephew in the show. Which is unfortunate, because watching him wrestle with the decision was really important to his arc in the book
3584	TheDarkOne	2013-04-15	Stannis is to many, many people not only one of the most interesting characters of the entire series of work, but also their personal favorite character. Regardless of the agreement toward his stance in terms of each readers endearment, the fact that the character is now portrayed as a cliche villain complete with stereotypical bad guy music is beyond forgivable. 
Stannis begging Mel not to leave him in front of his men, wow. You can feel the amount of contempt the people writing this show have for his character. They have turned one of the most epic bad asses of all time into a Disney villain.
3585	Drogo_1	2013-04-15	I am actually good with how they present Stannis on the show.In the books he is black and white with no grey. EVER. this makes him a dickhead and unlikable. It seems that D&D feel the same way about stannis as I do. Let them eviscerate him in fiction!
3586	The Sullen Sellsword	2013-04-15	I didn't think Stannis was out of character in that scene to be honest, the book does not show Stan's interactions with Mel, and I don't think how he behaves around her in that scene is far-fetched for either characters.
I thought it was was fairly poorly acted though.
3587	FacelessSnow	2013-04-15	The scene made me really angry at first too, but then I realized we havn't been introduced to Shireen or Selsye.  I think the Mel scene was an attempt to get Stannis away from her and have him open up as a character by his coming interactions with Davos ("we must due our duty no?  Great or small")  and his family.  I don't think tv only audience really get Stannis yet and by showing how he overcomes this low desperation by explaining his motives we'll get a better understanding of his character.
Then when Mel comes back (with Gendry?)  we can have a conflict of character between dependent, unsympathetic Stannis (Ep 1 & 3) versus the evolvd stoic Stannis who does the right thing.  We forget the the latter, the Stannis who even after he has nothing still cannot fully commit to the red god and thus has this moral burden, is the Stannis books readers love.  He just isn't there yet in the show
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 15 April 2013 - 02:25 PM.
3588	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-15	They are making him look like hes completely under Mels mercy/control. Didnt like that very much.
3589	Ser Luke.	2013-04-15	I wouldn't say ruined, but his character....is much, much better in the books. 
He just doesn't seem "Stannis" enough in the show.
3590	Young Nan	2013-04-15	I didn't think Stannis was out of character in that scene to be honest, the book does not show Stan's interactions with Mel, and I don't think how he behaves around her in that scene is far-fetched for either characters.I thought it was was fairly poorly acted though.The books show a lot of Stannis's interactions with Mel.  And he is just as curt and abrupt with her as he is with everyone else.  At point point, an observer even notes that Stannis allowing Mel to touch his arm without pulling it back was a sign that he was attracted to her.  That was the extent of Stannis's "passion" towards Mel- allowing her to put her hand on his arm.  He was a grim dude, that had sex with her to produce shadow babies to further his political goals.Not a whiney guy begging her "please don't leave, here, grab my boner" in front of his men.
3591	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	No need for blasphemy @person cursing JESUS!
3592	wandering	2013-04-15	Ugh, precious bitches on these boards. Have some patience.
3593	AliKat	2013-04-15	Stannis having a crush on Mel is a possibility even in the books, but him seeming so hungry to attain an heir for his cause is just out of character.I don't think he wanted an heir like a real kid. I think he wanted a shadow baby to kill Robb and Joffrey.
3594	Red Knight	2013-04-15	stannis character is not yet beyond repair and i hope he wont end up like cat - totally unrecognisable
3595	gash	2013-04-15	i really can't understand the problem here. i mean surely people recognise that a large part of melisandre's hold on stannis in the books is sexual? the show just spelled it out.
3596	DaveSumm	2013-04-15	i really can't understand the problem here. i mean surely people recognise that a large part of melisandre's hold on stannis in the books is sexual? the show just spelled it out.Not so much the sexual angle for me, my issue is that the entire scene was Stannis wanting things; wanting Robb dead, wanting Joffrey dead, wanting another son. Book Stannis never wants anything, it's simply a case of right and wrong. He is the King, therefore he should be sat on the Iron Throne. You almost get the impression in the books that he sometimes wishes he wasn't, as if he's weary of the endless endeavour to rule the seven kingdoms but has no choice but to press on because the law says he must continue.
3597	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	Not so much the sexual angle for me, my issue is that the entire scene was Stannis wanting things; wanting Robb dead, wanting Joffrey dead, wanting another son. Book Stannis never wants anything, it's simply a case of right and wrong. He is the King, therefore he should be sat on the Iron Throne. You almost get the impression in the books that he sometimes wishes he wasn't, as if he's weary of the endless endeavour to rule the seven kingdoms but has no choice but to press on because the law says he must continue.This. Also, his scene in this episode was cringe-worthy. Sounded like a horny 12 year old with no direction. Meanwhile, Pod Payne is mack daddy of Westeros.I do not like Stannis in the show at all and it is very hard to justify to my non-book reading friends why he is one of my favorite characters. The show makes him look terrible. They are also ruining his relationship with Davos and making him WAY too fanatical. In the book, he is always more in the middle and largely atheistic. His army is divided between Davos (the Seven) and the Florents (Red Rahloo). It just makes him look like a terrible person and character
3598	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-15	i really can't understand the problem here. i mean surely people recognise that a large part of melisandre's hold on stannis in the books is sexual? the show just spelled it out.That's the problem. We've already seen them bang, and reducing Stannis to begging for another lay really is an insult to the character GRRM created
3599	gash	2013-04-15	That's the problem. We've already seen them bang, and reducing Stannis to begging for another lay really is an insult to the character GRRM createdi disagree. in the books, stannis is completely led and enthralled by melisandre. he is brainwashed by her, he is in many ways a weak minded fool.
3600	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	i really can't understand the problem here. i mean surely people recognise that a large part of melisandre's hold on stannis in the books is sexual? the show just spelled it out.When was this shown publicly in the books?
3601	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	i disagree. in the books, stannis is completely led and enthralled by melisandre. he is brainwashed by her, he is in many ways a weak minded fool.I completely disagree. In the books, the Florents are complete brainwashed fools, and Stannis generally maintains passive beliefs towards the new religion. I think that Stannis in the books isn't completely fanatical, as depicted in the show, and I think that he uses Mel and the religion more as a tool than an actual basis for his regime, especially after Blackwater. Stannis in the books recognizes her power, but he isn't as hopelessly driven by it as the show makes him.
3602	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Don't like what they're doing with his character AT ALL.
3603	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	I felt like Stannis was about to grab on to Mel's leg when she was leaving and start crying for her to stay. They got him acting like a little bitch.
3604	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I completely disagree. In the books, the Florents are complete brainwashed fools, and Stannis generally maintains passive beliefs towards the new religion. I think that Stannis in the books isn't completely fanatical, as depicted in the show, and I think that he uses Mel and the religion more as a tool than an actual basis for his regime, especially after Blackwater.Stannis in the books recognizes her power, but he isn't as hopelessly driven by it as the show makes him.I  haven't seen him really as a fanatic in the show.  I didn't much care for the scene in the last episode but otherwise I like his characterization overall on the show, I think you get the inflexibility, the dry humor and the idea that he will never give up.
3605	gash	2013-04-15	When was this shown publicly in the books?you have to read between the lines.I completely disagree. In the books, the Florents are complete brainwashed fools, and Stannis generally maintains passive beliefs towards the new religion. I think that Stannis in the books isn't completely fanatical, as depicted in the show, and I think that he uses Mel and the religion more as a tool than an actual basis for his regime, especially after Blackwater.Stannis in the books recognizes her power, but he isn't as hopelessly driven by it as the show makes him. come on, some sexy religo nut tells him he's some reborn saviour and he believes her and let's her tell him what to do? that's brainwashing.
3606	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	I  haven't seen him really as a fanatic in the show.  I didn't much care for the scene in the last episode but otherwise I like his characterization overall on the show, I think you get the inflexibility, the dry humor and the idea that he will never give up.The first scene post-Blackwater he seemed to genuinely believe that if Mel was there, they'd have won and it's all Davos' fault. I never took that from the books.come on, some sexy religo nut tells him he's some reborn saviour and he believes her and let's her tell him what to do? that's brainwashing.I don't ever recall him believing that he is the savior of the world. He's just trying to win the war. He is vying for the throne because he has a duty to his brother, his family, and the realm. He also doesn't really let Mel tell him what to do, at least, not without considering other options. He always seemed more "even-keeled" in the books.
3607	Rymun Royce	2013-04-15	Terrible how Stannis was handled last episode. I actually became a Stannis fan after last season, it got me thinking that actually, Stannis is the best choice to rule, not to mention the actual legal one being that Joff, Tom and Myrcella are bastards born from incest, and also considering the other pretenders from the war of the five kings, Robb may be considered a hero all you want and does have the Blackfish at his side but he is still a boy, although since the begining he was shown a keen ability to control his bannermen and fight battles but it all went to shit after he married Jeyne, after that, the dude doesnt deserve a crown, even Robert Baratheon knew what was he needed to do and thus married Cersei. Balon is really just a pillaging prick. And finally Renly,  the Queen Thorns said it best, being a sharp dresser and knowing how to smile does not make you a king. 
Stannis is actually battle hardened, experienced in being but in the thick of it and persevering, holding on to his duties, he may not know how to treat others properly and maneuver in the game of thrones, but Davos certainly can, and even Florent was politically savy, if a bit too brash. Stannis is apparently also an efficient administrator. He would certainly not indulge in excesses, would never trust someone like Littlefinger or Varys, and much less Pycelle who is really the worst of them all (at least you feel a bit of respect from Littlefinger and Varys' abilities, Pycelle is a rat). The only thing would be that Stannis would be incredibly ruthless but Davos would certainly find a way to turn that into his favour by making Selysse be a proper merciful queen. 
But last night's episode with the whole, i want you and that beaten crap. Stannis was not a wreack, he was angry, he was pissed off, but he wasnt completely bummed, he knew he needed to regroup. Hell, they dont seem to even going to give Stannis his moment of almost but not qutie redemption when he thinks about him killing Renly.
3608	gash	2013-04-15	I don't ever recall him believing that he is the savior of the world. He's just trying to win the war. He is vying for the throne because he has a duty to his brother, his family, and the realm. He also doesn't really let Mel tell him what to do, at least, not without considering other options. He always seemed more "even-keeled" in the books.he does. this isn't up for debate.
3609	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	you have to read between the lines.come on, some sexy religo nut tells him he's some reborn saviour and he believes her and let's her tell him what to do? that's brainwashing.Both wrong.  Stannis has a certain personality in the books regardless if he's sexually involved with Mel, this scene in no way fits it.Stannis believes in no religion, Mel is his tool to 1) procure the throne that is his by rights 2) help fight the true danger to the realm.He hushes Mel, cuts her short, and does not pander to all of her wants and wishes in the book.
3610	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I felt like Stannis was about to grab on to Mel's leg when she was leaving and start crying for her to stay. They got him acting like a little bitch.And her acting like an exasperated mother didn't help...
3611	Dove	2013-04-15	Yeah, her acting was a little perplexing that scene. She's usually so coolly confident and fanatical but she was so strangely patronizing, hahaha. That's like a "Oh, dear, the dog is humping someone's leg again, shoo, shoo" kind of face. I'm not sure if that was the intent or not but it cracked me up.
3612	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Yeah, her acting was a little perplexing that scene. She's usually so coolly confident and fanatical but she was so strangely patronizing, hahaha. That's like a "Oh, dear, the dog is humping someone's leg again, shoo, shoo" kind of face. I'm not sure if that was the intent or not but it cracked me up.Hahahaha I agree! It totally was. I laughed at it too /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3613	rocksniffer	2013-04-15	stannis isn't my favorite character...*waiting for the uproar to die down*...but didn't the books have him laid low and acting strange for a time after the fire witch had drained him to put the demon out...just asking because i can't remember and can't seem to find the POV i'm looking for
3614	Bolton's Bastard	2013-04-15	I just figured Stannis was telling her what she wanted to hear...his real goal was obviously getting her to birth another shadow baby to murder another of his enemies, since he couldn't defeat them in battle. I thought it was very out of character at first as well, but it isn't so much Stannis being a horny, perverted idiot as some people are making it out to be...
3615	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	stannis isn't my favorite character...*waiting for the uproar to die down*...but didn't the books have him laid low and acting strange for a time after the fire witch had drained him to put the demon out...just asking because i can't remember and can't seem to find the POV i'm looking forYes.  He sees no one but Mel, I think he also has supposedly aged and lost weight, spends all his time with Mel going down into the bowels of Dragonstone to look at the fires...and when Mel sees Davos in the dungeon she tells HIM that Stannis is too weak for her to make another shadow demon with....Oh, and they had been burning their prisoners, natch.
3616	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	he does. this isn't up for debate.Can you find the passage in the books where it says this? I don't ever remember him believing he is the savior. I know Mel believes it, but I recall him being more dismissive about it.Yes.  He sees no one but Mel, I think he also has supposedly aged and lost weight, spends all his time with Mel going down into the bowels of Dragonstone to look at the fires...and when Mel sees Davos in the dungeon she tells HIM that Stannis is too weak for her to make another shadow demon with....Oh, and they had been burning their prisoners, natch.He also talks with the Florent who is his hand (Axell?) and some others I think, not just Mel
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 15 April 2013 - 06:03 PM.
3617	gash	2013-04-15	for a non believer he sure stares at fire a lot.
3618	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	He seemed to be enchanted. Very odd scene, it's like she had a spell on him when he gets all intimate then looks at her like he didn't know what he was doing.
Considering Mel is probably some dead thing disguised beneath a glamor it was just super creepy.
3619	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Can you find the passage in the books where it says this? I don't ever remember him believing he is the savior. I know Mel believes it, but I recall him being more dismissive about it.He also talks with the Florent who is his hand (Axell?) and some others I think, not just MelNo, he saw  no one but Mel, this is how/why Florent ended up in the dungeon because he had been named Hand and sent the letter to Tywin Lannister without Stannis actual authoriziation because Stannis wouldn't see anyone but Red Woman.
3620	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	That critic talked about Cat's character assassination, but I think the hatchet job they are doing on Stannis is 10 times worse. The sooner Stannis gets to the Wall, then goes a-Krakken hunting and leaves Mel at the Wall the better. Everything leading up to that is just painful to watch.
3621	Dragonstoned	2013-04-15	Whether or not Stannis would have been like this with her in the books, isn't the problem that he was like that with her IN FRONT OF HIS MEN?
3622	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Oh c'mon, regardless of anyone's like or dislike of Stannis, we can all agree that he was a grim person who was sharp and short with everyone.
Regardless of the sexual undertones that were between the lines with him and melisandre, he was still short with her too.  
book stannis would never, ever, make mel grab his boner and beg her to stay in front of his men.
3623	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Whether or not Stannis would have been like this with her in the books, isn't the problem that he was like that with her IN FRONT OF HIS MEN?Agree.  It wouldn't even be unreasonable to assume that book Stannis couldn't stand for his men to see him such a devastated state so that is why he refused to see anyone.  Book Stannis would not be seen begging anyone for anything in front of his men, let alone begging Red Dress for sex.
3624	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Agree.  It wouldn't even be unreasonable to assume that book Stannis couldn't stand for his men to see him such a devastated state so that is why he refused to see anyone.  Book Stannis would not be seen begging anyone for anything in front of his men, let alone begging Red Dress for sex.exactly.  we don't see them behind closed doors, and any sexual encounters are very subtle and you can miss them if you don't read carefully.  we know that Stannis acted like a hardass, all the time, even with people he liked.
3625	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Stannis is the best choice to ruleNope. If that were the case there would be no story. If he was, there would have been no Renly movement, the North would have had a bit of a 'to-do' then stormed down to help put Stannis on the throne instead of declaring independence and  the Iron Isles wouldn't have moved at all. ASOIAF would have been a novella.The entire point of the saga is that Stannis is NOT the best choice to rule. He is just too harsh and would be a tyrant - opposite end of the scale to Aerys and Joffrey, but a tyrant nonetheless. He has a lot of qualities going for him, sure, but there aren't enough to ever have people stop looking for another less bloody minded option.
3626	Southron_Ambitions	2013-04-15	Weiss really has no fucking idea about what makes Stannis tick. My god.
3627	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	It was character assassination. Do D&D work for the FBI or CIA because they are quite good at assassinations it seems. Stannis is the one true king he should have just fucked Melisandre right there like the badass that he is.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 07:26 PM.
3628	Daske	2013-04-15	This is one of the drawbacks of adapting a series that has such polarizing characters. While we may interpret him in one way, the creators might interpret him in a completely other way, and their interpretation can sometimes damage the character.This makes no sense. If he is a polarising character already, how can someone interpreting him differently `damage` the character! Why isn't a third interpretation allowed anyway?
3629	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-04-15	That man in last night's episode, attempting to dry hump Mel while begging for another 'son', was not Stannis Baratheon. I was PISSED! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
3630	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	That man in last night's episode, attempting to dry hump Mel while begging for another 'son', was not Stannis Baratheon. I was PISSED! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />ME TOO.WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO HIM/Pisses me off because I read somewhere one of the show-runners doesn't like him, so they completely ruin him???
3631	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	Dave and Dan's Stannis perplexes me. He's divisive, but for less impressive and well-thought out reasons than the Stannis of the novels.
3632	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	If it's just because they don't like him or understand him as a character then this really pisses me off.
3633	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-04-15	ME TOO.WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO HIM/Pisses me off because I read somewhere one of the show-runners doesn't like him, so they completely ruin him???That's the only excuse I can find for what they have done to his character. I convinced my brother to start reading the books a few weeks ago, he is confused about Stannis' depiction in the show and he hasn't even made it to Stannis' ASOS appearances yet.
3634	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	If it's just because they don't like him or understand him as a character then this really pisses me off.So does that mean rescuing the Night's Watch at the battle of the Wall (S4) is all going to be Mel and Davos now, and Stannis is only along for the ride?Seems like the only episodes where Stannis is in badass mode are those written by GRRM (Blackwater).They should just kill off Stannis rather than continue to his mangle his character like this.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 15 April 2013 - 08:16 PM.
3635	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	That's the only excuse I can find for what they have done to his character. I convinced my brother to start reading the books a few weeks ago, he is confused about Stannis' depiction in the show and he hasn't even made it to Stannis' ASOS appearances yet.I hate how angsty and lusty they have made him in this. I WANT A SON. When in the books he very much wants to place his daughter on the Iron Throne. Ugh.
3636	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	So does that mean rescuing the Night's Watch at the battle of the Wall (S4) is all going to be Mel and Davos now, and Stannis is only along for the ride?Seems like the only episodes where Stannis is in badass mode are those written by GRRM (Blackwater).They should just kill off Stannis rather than continue to toture his mangle his character like this.Oh god, I hope they see the error of their ways and actually put some more effort into this ridiculously important character BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.haha
3637	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	It was character assassination. Do D&D work for the FBI or CIA because they are quite good at assassinations it seems. Stannis is the one true king he should have just fucked Melisandre right there like the badass that he is.Lmao................
3638	Dove	2013-04-15	Y'all will be eating your words next week when Stannis writes his epic rock ballad "Your Love Is Mine By Rights" and performs it like a boss
I have no idea where they're going with him after this either but this was a blank period in the books and Stannis is in a very, very vulnerable position right now. They probably could have demonstrated that without him being all goofy and moony though
3639	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-04-15	I hate how angsty and lusty they have made him in this. I WANT A SON. When in the books he very much wants to place his daughter on the Iron Throne.Ugh.I couldn't believe that he said that mess aloud! Book Stannis is still in denial over the "shadow babies".
3640	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-04-15	Y'all will be eating your words next week when Stannis writes his epic rock ballad "Your Love Is Mine By Rights" and performs it like a boss /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
3641	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I couldn't believe that he said that mess aloud! Book Stannis is still in denial over the "shadow babies".Weird.  I understand he's depressed and maybe they needed a better visual way to show it, but having him appear all unglued in and clingy in public was not the way to do it.  And yes, he is in deep denial still at the end of Dance about the shadow demons.
3642	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I couldn't believe that he said that mess aloud! Book Stannis is still in denial over the "shadow babies".I was seriously cringing so bad LOL
3643	dtones520	2013-04-15	They're certainly making Stannis a more passionate sort of character. Presumably because they think it makes him more sympathetic and likable? Curiously, the enjoyment of Stannis in the novels has a lot to do with his being unsympathetic and unlikable.Most non book readers I've seen dont seem to like Stannis. They are more trying to show him as desperate to find any means of winning the throne since it is his by rights, but no one likes him.
3644	dtones520	2013-04-15	If it's just because they don't like him or understand him as a character then this really pisses me off.I think it is more about how they view Stannis. They aren't trying to ruin your opinion of book Stannis, they are adapting their view of Stannis.
3645	E-Ro	2013-04-15	Nope. If that were the case there would be no story. If he was, there would have been no Renly movement, the North would have had a bit of a 'to-do' then stormed down to help put Stannis on the throne instead of declaring independence and  the Iron Isles wouldn't have moved at all. ASOIAF would have been a novella.How would Stannis being the best ruler affect renly or the northmen? What? That doesn't even make sense, Stannis being the greatest ruler ever does not change the fact that renly was loras' boyfriend(maces favorite son) and was available to marry marg. It doesn't change the fact that renly was the lord of the stormlands. It also wouldn't change the fact that he hadn't even declared himself king in got so to the northmen he wasn't an option. It also wouldnt have done anything to sate the greatjons hunger for independence.The entire point of the saga is that Stannis is NOT the best choice to rule. He is just too harsh and would be a tyrant - opposite end of the scale to Aerys and Joffrey, but a tyrant nonetheless. He has a lot of qualities going for him, sure, but there aren't enough to ever have people stop looking for another less bloody minded option.Wow, thats good to know, so the whole series is about how Stannis would not be the best choice to rule? So hes the main character in your opinion?Hes not harsh, he follows the laws, that's it. don't commit crime and you'll be safe from him.
					
					
							Edited by E-Ro, 15 April 2013 - 09:00 PM.
3646	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	Y'all will be eating your words next week when Stannis writes his epic rock ballad "Your Love Is Mine By Rights" and performs it like a bossI have no idea where they're going with him after this either but this was a blank period in the books and Stannis is in a very, very vulnerable position right now. They probably could have demonstrated that without him being all goofy and moony thoughWould have been better for that time to have been taken up with a Mel-Davos tete-a-tete in the dungeons. Davos could have accused her of wanting to make more shadow babies with Stannis, and she's evil and has Stannis bewitched and king's blood something something. And she could have said all the things she said to Stannis, and say she's leaving, and Davos could have said she's abandoning him after suckinig him dry, and she could have come back with the "he will sit on the iron throne" thing. That would have been a much more tense scene simply because it appears to be sealing Davo's fate.But if there is a Mel-Davos dungeon scene after she gets back that will be quite good showing that Davos has been languishing in the dungeons for quite some time.
3647	teemo	2013-04-15	D&D hate Stannis and think Renly is unquestionably a better king?  Whatever, but that's why they treat Stannis' character like crap, because they don't like him.  And I don't like that /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  He's been devolved into a one-dimensional villain for sure, and each scene with him is painful.  This week is an all-time low with him begging Meli for some action.  Ugh...
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 09:10 PM.
3648	Southron_Ambitions	2013-04-15	I think that Dave and Dan "relate" to Renly and Loras (not that there is anything wrong with that) and that is what is fueling this character assassination of Stannis.
3649	Moon-Pale Maiden	2013-04-15	What was that line? "I was trying to win the crown to save the kingdom, when I should have been saving the kingdom to win my crown." (paraphrase!) I said this in the other thread, Stannis was twisted by Mel's prophecies at this point in the story, but Davos showed him what a King would truly do and he did it, that's when he becomes the Stannis we all know and love. It wasn't a character ruin by any means because there's still another shift in ideologies that'll come late this season or early next.That said, Stannis would never dry-hump Mel on a beach.That made me crack up.  That's hard to do.. thanks.  I needed that.So back on topic.  I agree.  They might just be filling in the gaps.  Stannis has to have this dark time in order to have his "turn around" later, so they are showing the deranged, desperate Stannis that we didn't see in the books.  It's kind of interesting, actually, but I will rue my words if they don't return him to his stern, asexual, water and salt drinking self.
					
					
							Edited by Moon-Pale Maiden, 15 April 2013 - 09:38 PM.
3650	Asha Targaryen	2013-04-15	in the books we dont see much of Stannis after the defeat at blackwater. so they had to fill in that gap. we dont ever see what goes on inside of Stannis' head. we only see him through other people's eyes. 
what we see here is how desperate stannis is. we see how much Blackwater has hurt him. around his men and around davos, he<U+0080><U+0099>s composed and stern. 
but with Mel he just lets go. he proves that he<U+0080><U+0099>s human. he says things that he<U+0080><U+0099>d never admit aloud. and this one woman has the power to make him feel that way. she<U+0080><U+0099>s all he has, at this point. and she<U+0080><U+0099>s leaving and he doesnt know when she<U+0080><U+0099>s coming back. at that scares him. 
under all of that iron and stone, I think Stannis is very human. and i think that's what they are trying to get across
3651	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	How would Stannis being the best ruler affect renly or the northmen? What? That doesn't even make sense, Stannis being the greatest ruler ever does not change the fact that renly was loras' boyfriend(maces favorite son) and was available to marry marg. It doesn't change the fact that renly was the lord of the stormlands. It also wouldn't change the fact that he hadn't even declared himself king in got so to the northmen he wasn't an option. It also wouldnt have done anything to sate the greatjons hunger for independence.Wow, thats good to know, so the whole series is about how Stannis would not be the best choice to rule? So hes the main character in your opinion?Hes not harsh, he follows the laws, that's it. don't commit crime and you'll be safe from him.1) If Stannis was fit to rule (and by that I mean he would be a good, just ruler) then he would not have been all-but-exiled to Dragonstone. He would have had Storm's End and Robert would have given Dragonstone to Renly. Even if Renly had rebelled (which is now unlikely given that Stannis is a good, just ruler), he would not have been able to raise the Stormlands against Stannis, and Loras would not have been able to raise the Reach against him either.2) Given the likelihood of that case everyone except the Martells and the Arryn's would have been lined up against the Lannisters. No opportunity for the Iron Isles to revolt and no rational reason for Robb to even entertain any Northern dissenters.3) Yes. He is one of the two and likely three main characters. Daenaerys (BRB, going to faff around Essos for 5 years) and, if R+L=J, then Jon. The whole story would then purely be about when and where 'Good King Stannis' could push out Joffrey. Given the vast numbers arrayed against them and the preponderance of people wanting the 'Good King' rather than 'Tyrant Joffrey', this would not be long.4) "He's not harsh, he follows the laws". Firstly, there is a huge difference between the laws and justice. Secondly, as for his 'not being harsh' I invite you to reread the sections where he grumbles through his clenched jaws about what he would outlaw when he comes to power. He would be a puritanical tyrant. Capital or severely punitive punishment for the merest infraction to enforce a new moral code does not a happy populace make.Don't get me wrong - I love his character. Great man in a fight, back to the wall grit it out and all that. But a king? Nope. I was prepared to see some weakness and doubt in him during this time post Blackwater, but I do not like how far they have pressed.... but perhaps they felt they had to go deep to demonstrate that viewers really shouldn't like him - but they have gone too far.
3652	Rigel	2013-04-15	Not ruined yet. Like what has been said a couple times, we don't know exactly what happened with Stannis after Blackwater. He was hiding from people, he was NOT his normal self, and what was shown in today's episode is exactly that. When I saw Stannis take a step back after grasping her, I felt that he kind of regretted doing what he just did in front of his men. Stannis gets put back on track by Davos later, Stannis is not by any means ruined. What happened in this episode is fine so long as Davos comes back into the storyline and pulls Stannis back up.
3653	W.Kane	2013-04-15	1) If Stannis was fit to rule (and by that I mean he would be a good, just ruler) then he would not have been all-but-exiled to Dragonstone. He would have had Storm's End and Robert would have given Dragonstone to Renly. Even if Renly had rebelled (which is now unlikely given that Stannis is a good, just ruler), he would not have been able to raise the Stormlands against Stannis, and Loras would not have been able to raise the Reach against him either.2) Given the likelihood of that case everyone except the Martells and the Arryn's would have been lined up against the Lannisters. No opportunity for the Iron Isles to revolt and no rational reason for Robb to even entertain any Northern dissenters.3) Yes. He is one of the two and likely three main characters. Daenaerys (BRB, going to faff around Essos for 5 years) and, if R+L=J, then Jon. The whole story would then purely be about when and where 'Good King Stannis' could push out Joffrey. Given the vast numbers arrayed against them and the preponderance of people wanting the 'Good King' rather than 'Tyrant Joffrey', this would not be long.4) "He's not harsh, he follows the laws". Firstly, there is a huge difference between the laws and justice. Secondly, as for his 'not being harsh' I invite you to reread the sections where he grumbles through his clenched jaws about what he would outlaw when he comes to power. He would be a puritanical tyrant. Capital or severely punitive punishment for the merest infraction to enforce a new moral code does not a happy populace make.Don't get me wrong - I love his character. Great man in a fight, back to the wall grit it out and all that. But a king? Nope. I was prepared to see some weakness and doubt in him during this time post Blackwater, but I do not like how far they have pressed.... but perhaps they felt they had to go deep to demonstrate that viewers really shouldn't like him - but they have gone too far.1) yeah,  Robert is a good measure  . he is a man who bankrupted the realm , had council full of spies and traitors and was too stupid to see the truth about his children which ultimately became the cause of the war , yeah we should trust this man<U+0080><U+0099>s judgment . seriously ?!Dragonstone was a slight and even Cersei  said that.Even if we believe Robert , didn't he give Dragonstone to Stannis because Renly was a child and wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t be able to rule the former Targ<U+0080><U+0099>s ancestral seat,  properly?! So see , you just made that up out of thin air.2) didn<U+0080><U+0099>t the whole mess happen because  Renly was too selfish to back off from his stupid ambitions ?! should we blame Stannis for that ?!3)  fictions.4) he maybe a little harsh  but , puritanical tyrant ?!!! do you even know what <U+0080><U+009D>tyrant<U+0080><U+009C>mean??It is the opposite of <U+0080><U+009C>just<U+0080><U+009D> ? now you are saying Stannis is not only not just but a tyrant?!! LOLHe only punishes traitors and criminals how can he be a tyrant? It is called justice my friend and a true justice is indeed harsh.Btw he is well capable of forgiveness , he did forgive Stormlords who betrayed him , he did forgive Davos multiple times , hell he even was willing to forgive Renly and Robb or any other usurpers if they had bent the knee.He was the only one who answered the NW call , the only one! Aemon sent letter to every freaking cities and castles he knew , no one answered the call , not even those so called (Meh) honorable  Northmen near the wall , not a single person , but Stannis.He is the only ruler that truly believes , being king is a duty ."Few of the birds that Aemon had sent off had returned as yet. One reached Stannis, though. One found Dragonstone, and a king who still cared.""I shall bring justice to Westeros<U+0080> Every man shall reap what he has sown, from the highest lord to the lowest gutter rat. And some will lose more than the tips off their fingers, I promise you. They have made my kingdom bleed, and I do not forget that.""Lord Seaworth is a man of humble birth, but he reminded me of my duty, when all I could think of was my rights. I had the cart before the horse, Davos said. I was trying to win the throne to save the kingdom, when I should have been trying to save the kingdom to win the throne.<U+0080><U+009D> 
					
					
							Edited by W.Kane, 16 April 2013 - 12:03 AM.
3654	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	I wouldn't be too worried, I said it in the other thread so I will say it here as well:He is a broken man at this point. Also he has had 5 minutes of total screen-time so farExactly People are so quick to judge.
3655	Rockroi	2013-04-16	I just wanted to comment on this:Out of the 5 kings, Stannis has the best claim, i don't disagree with that. All I disagree with is the idea that he doesn't want to be king. He claims that Storm's End, the Handship and the Iron throne aren't things he ever wanted, but they were all his by right. That just seems really petty to me. Why get so upset by and go to such great lengths to gain titles that you don't even want? If that's really the case then he's no better than gregor with his wooden knight. In fact he's far far worse. Gregor immolated his brother to get back his toy, how many men have died so that Stannis can stop other people playing with his?THis is not exactly what Stannis is saying.  What Stanni is saying is that whether or not he WANTS to be KIng is not a factor in his decision.  Whether or not STannis WANTS to be KIng is immaterial, even if its true that he does want to be KIng. I think as proof we should look at Stannis' relationship with Storm's End, especially after Ropbert's Rebellion.  Stannis was lord of SE after Robert left to war.  He held it against rediculous odds, saving Robert a fate that would befall Robb 16 years later- the loss of his home while fighting a war thousands of miles away.  After the war- and as a slight (so speaks Cersei) Robert awards SE to Renly, who was not a factor in the war.  Stannis WANTS to be lord of SE.  It IS his right as oldest brother.  But his DUTY is to listen to his older brother.  So Stannis... concedes to Duty even though his desire is to remain lord of SE.  What Stannis is claiming is that his right to be KIng- just like his right to be lord of Storm's End - is not up to him; its either a fact or its not.  As far as Lord of Storm's End, Stannis is pissed that he was NOT lord of SE; but he accepted that Robert- his older brother, and thus is leige lord - made Renly lord of SE.  So Stannis accepted that fact, irrespective of his own desires, Stannis' duty duty overrode his desire. In other words, lets say we discovered tomorrow that Tommen, unlike Joff, was actually NOT the product of incest.  Somehow, Stannis discovered this. Is there any doubt at all that he would drop his claim?  I mean, everything else being equal, Stannis' desire to be King would be unchanged, but to Stannis it would not matter; he would not lawfully be KIng.  Hence, I know that Stannis would not seek the throne- just as he did not seek the lordship of SE after Robert awarded it to Renly.  Yes, Stannis was pissed, but his desire NEVER factored against his duty.  Same was true during the war, in choosing Robert over Aerys, in taking Dragonstone, etc.  Duty and law above all. The point i'm making is his duty and his ambition are one and the same. Being Roberts hand was never his right, but he acted like it was because he wanted the power.No.  In fact, I do not recall Stannis ever being angry that he was not made Hand.  Stannis was very angry he was not made lord of SE (by right) and that Robert never loved him as he did Ned Stark (and here I could see this).  But Hand?  And recall, Robert choose Jon Arryn as Hand and I am fairly certain Stannis approved of this chocie.  After all, it was Stannis that Jon went to to see Gendry.He acts like the Iron throne would be a terrible burden, but he's willing to go to almost any length to sit on it.Because that is his duty.  Again, it does not matter that Stannis wants the throne or not; its his duty to be King.  And as far as a burden, everyone seems to think it is and that burden carries rewards.  Nobody denies this.His duty is only important when he stands to benifit.UNtrue.  Stannis took Dragonstone because his duty compelled him to listen to Robert, even though his desire was to stay lord of SE.  Also, recall that SE provided him; with massive advantages a richer house, better lords, greater armies etc.  BUt he took Storm's End DESPITE his desires and BECAUSE of his duty.Let me put it one last way.  Stannis is particularly angry at Renly because Renly knows he has no claim (a fact echoed by Tywin, Robb and Lady Olenna).  Why?  Because Renly is shirking his duty to law, honor and family for his own personal glory.  So, ponder this:If Renly were, in fact, older than Stannis, is there ANY DOUBT AT ALL that Stannis would have completely supported Renly in his claim to unseat the Usurper Joffery?  I have no doubt that Stannis would have been Renly's most dedicated and vicious warlords, just like he was, probably, Robert's most dependable and steadfast supporters. Which is exactly why Stannis hated Renly; because Renly was never as loyal to Stannis as Stannis had been loyal to Robert. And I also believe that Stannis could give two figs about what Mel thinks of him as AA reborn etc.  He is using it all as a means to an end.
3656	Rymun Royce	2013-04-16	I consider Stannis the best choice out of the rebels from the War of the Five Kings, not of all the realm. And that doesnt make him the main character or deserving of it, You can read about Robert's Rebellion from Rhaegar's point of view, or better, from Jaime's, Arthur Dayne or Jon Connington, its still Roberts rebellon, its his war, and he will win the crown, doesnt make him the main character, much less in the way GRRM has written the series, thats the point, there is no main character, you can choose who you want to follow. Until the second half of SoW I didnt like Jon or Daenarys, I was following Tyrion and Arya, those were the ones I cared, I also liked Davos not only because he was our POV in Stannis army but his inner thoughts are great.
That I consider him a good ruler doesnt make him MY main character. Hell if I had to choose to nominate someone to rule I would think about Kevan Lannister or Tyrion, they are both smart men yet lack Tywin cruelty and coldness, both of them demostrated great ability, particularly Kevan even though Tyrion's biggest handicap was Cersei's and Joffrey's stupidity and the fact that Kevan was far more experienced, and also had a whole lot of a mess to fix, althoug of course having lit a war because you wanted to see a headless Stark is ostensibly a bigger mess.
Anyway, regarding Dragonstone, it was a slight against Stannis since as it has been said, there was no love among those brothers. but also indeed Robert needed someone with experience to hold the targ seat.
My fav is Tyrion, hate to be one of the many Tyrion fans but what can I do. But my second favourite character is Littlefinger. I find his resentmen against nobles great to read. Even though he is just incredibly evil, the man is worthy of respect, he is smart, manipulative, even though I wasnt an Eddard fan, I felt sorry for him, but from LF POV he just couldnt help it, he made his own bed, LF tried but couldnt help it.
					
					
							Edited by Rymun Royce, 16 April 2013 - 12:37 AM.
3657	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	I will just get it out there:1) Robert gave Storm's End to Renly out of spite, not because Stannis is not capable of leading.2) No one is denying that Mel and Stannis are doing the deed. 3) Book Stannis uses the AA prophecy to further his cause but does not necessarily believe it.For me the scene is cringe-worthy because Stannis asked Mel to make shadow babies but with a "I only said I want you for shadow babies because I'm too shy to say that I really want you" vibe. It felt almost romantic (personal opinion, of course). It was just off. Mel is the Stannis fanatic, if anything else. He did get depressed after Blackwater and maybe wanted to do anything to win, but it would have happened quite differently.  Desperate Stannis in my mind would be: "Robb Stark and Joffrey Baratheon better drop dead, woman, or else!" not "I want you, let's make babies!" That said, there is still hope. I'm not entirely sure TV Stannis liked the sound of Mel's source of king's blood, so that's something. Also we have a whole season for Stannis to go so low before picking himself up. My only concern is that the Jon and Stannis at the Wall Show may not go too well given that both Jon's and Stannis' character are receiving some damage.
3658	TheDarkOne	2013-04-16	It has been discussed here many times that the show runners have no love for Stannis and have even described him as a villain. This much has been made clear in the way they have absolutely ruined this character.
For those of you waiting for his big moment in season 4, I might re evaluate how that will be portrayed. I see them making Stannis out as the villain of that situation.
The portrayal of Stannis is amazingly bad. It's more tragic that the actor playing him is so good, but they write him as the cliche creepy "evil" guy.
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 16 April 2013 - 01:26 AM.
3659	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	Perhaps that's because he is a villain but doesn't know it yet.
And his "change" is coming. 
Wait and see before crying.
3660	W.Kane	2013-04-16	It has been discussed here many times that the show runners have no love for Stannis and have even described him as a villain. This much has been made clear in the way they have absolutely ruined this character.damn those writers.For those of you waiting for his big moment in season 4, I might re evaluate how that will be portrayed. I see them making Stannis out as the villain of that situation.this is exactly what I fear , they will show that the negotiation between wildlings and NW brother is going amazingly successful but suddenly the  villainous Stannis comes and ruins everything. The portrayal of Stannis is amazingly bad. It's more tragic that the actor playing him is so good, but they write him as the cliche creepy "evil" guy.yes , the actor is good , in despite of everything that I didn't like about the portrayal of Stannis in season 2 which by the way was the writers fault ,  I liked his playing , but this season the portrayal of Stannis is beyond repair that even the best actors can not fix it , when the script is a mess , no one can fix it  . again damn those writers.
3661	teemo	2013-04-16	on the upside, Stannis looks a lot hotter this season.
3662	Lady Meera Reed	2013-04-16	I will just get it out there:1) Robert gave Storm's End to Renly out of spite, not because Stannis is not capable of leading.2) No one is denying that Mel and Stannis are doing the deed.3) Book Stannis uses the AA prophecy to further his cause but does not necessarily believe it.For me the scene is cringe-worthy because Stannis asked Mel to make shadow babies but with a "I only said I want you for shadow babies because I'm too shy to say that I really want you" vibe. It felt almost romantic (personal opinion, of course). It was just off. Mel is the Stannis fanatic, if anything else. He did get depressed after Blackwater and maybe wanted to do anything to win, but it would have happened quite differently.  Desperate Stannis in my mind would be: "Robb Stark and Joffrey Baratheon better drop dead, woman, or else!" not "I want you, let's make babies!" /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> with all of this.That said, there is still hope. I'm not entirely sure TV Stannis liked the sound of Mel's source of king's blood, so that's something. Also we have a whole season for Stannis to go so low before picking himself up. My only concern is that the Jon and Stannis at the Wall Show may not go too well given that both Jon's and Stannis' character are receiving some damage.If they keep portraying Stannis like they did this episode, I don't think anyone would care what he does at the Wall. And D&D will always find a way to vilify him.on the upside, Stannis looks a lot hotter this season.Yeah, I see a lot of people saying that. I don't disagree /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
					
					
							Edited by Lady Meera Reed, 16 April 2013 - 02:32 AM.
3663	Clariana	2013-04-16	in the books we dont see much of Stannis after the defeat at blackwater. so they had to fill in that gap. we dont ever see what goes on inside of Stannis' head. we only see him through other people's eyes.what we see here is how desperate stannis is. we see how much Blackwater has hurt him. around his men and around davos, he<U+0080><U+0099>s composed and stern.but with Mel he just lets go. he proves that he<U+0080><U+0099>s human. he says things that he<U+0080><U+0099>d never admit aloud. and this one woman has the power to make him feel that way. she<U+0080><U+0099>s all he has, at this point. and she<U+0080><U+0099>s leaving and he doesnt know when she<U+0080><U+0099>s coming back. at that scares him.under all of that iron and stone, I think Stannis is very human. and i think that's what they are trying to get acrossI came on here to say this, more or less, I shall now leave.I don't think it detracts from his personality at all, it makes him more interesting.
3664	Little Wing	2013-04-16	Don't think they ruined Stannis - I guess they're going for a contrast. Look guys, Stannis is all depressed and needy now just so we can make him even more badass when he goes North by the end of the season...
That being said, I'll say my mind on the scene with Mel - Stannis is NOT needy like that. Can't say I like the change, feels so wrong and out of place... but I guess they'll "re-build" him for the end of the season... ugh.
3665	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	If they keep portraying Stannis like they did this episode, I don't think anyone would care what he does at the Wall. And D&D will always find a way to vilify him.Very easy to achieve as well if you take what happens during Jon's tenure as LC and Stannis' antics there at face value. The king who cared can easily become the king who's messing with wildling deals.
3666	David Selig	2013-04-16	I think as proof we should look at Stannis' relationship with Storm's End, especially after Ropbert's Rebellion.  Stannis was lord of SE after Robert left to war.  He held it against rediculous odds, saving Robert a fate that would befall Robb 16 years later- the loss of his home while fighting a war thousands of miles away.  After the war- and as a slight (so speaks Cersei) Robert awards SE to Renly, who was not a factor in the war.  Stannis WANTS to be lord of SE.  It IS his right as oldest brother.  But his DUTY is to listen to his older brother.  So Stannis... concedes to Duty even though his desire is to remain lord of SE.  What Stannis is claiming is that his right to be KIng- just like his right to be lord of Storm's End - is not up to him; its either a fact or its not.  As far as Lord of Storm's End, Stannis is pissed that he was NOT lord of SE; but he accepted that Robert- his older brother, and thus is leige lord - made Renly lord of SE.  So Stannis accepted that fact, irrespective of his own desires, Stannis' duty duty overrode his desire. It's not like he had a real choice. Robert, the King, gave SE to another. So Stannis could either accept Dragonstone or get nothing. He chose the more beneficial option for himself, as always.Hence, I know that Stannis would not seek the throne- just as he did not seek the lordship of SE after Robert awarded it to Renly.Stannis did seek the lordship of Storm's End after that, he kept asking Robert for it all the time.<U+0080><U+009C>And Stannis has always felt he was cheated of Storm<U+0080><U+0099>s End,<U+0080><U+009D> Cersei said thoughtfully. <U+0080><U+009C>The ancestral seat of House Baratheon, his by rights . . . if you knew how many times he came to Robert singing that same dull song in that gloomy aggrieved tone he has. When Robert gave the place to Renly, Stannis clenched his jaw so tight I thought his teeth would shatter.<U+0080><U+009D>
3667	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	Its funny, all of my non-reader friends HATE stannis, when i ask why i usually get some kind of "He is just an old frail bitter man who is always whining. he could never become a good king lol"
i like Stannis in the books more because he is sort of a "Larry David" character, or more like "Uncle Junior" from sopranos. stubborn and not very cheerful, yet many of his cynical remarks are hysterical even though they arent really meant to be funny lol.
but i strongly doubt that he would have the qualities required to be a good king.
3668	IRON BANK	2013-04-16	They always dumb it down for tv to point out the obvious thats why the books are always better, I saw the episode and it made Stannis look weak. Stannis is one thing but not weak.
3669	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	They always dumb it down for tv to point out the obvious thats why the books are always better, I saw the episode and it made Stannis look weak. Stannis is one thing but not weak.I suppose it's impossible for Stannis to have a moment of weakness then.I sure know that all of the "strong" people I know are ALWAYS strong.
3670	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	To tell the truth, while i enjoy stannis for his occasional cynical lines, i never understood the extreme Stannis fanboyism on these boards. I mean he is a very well written character, but so many people here seem to really want him on the iron throne. I think he would make a perfect hand, but a pretty bad king tbh
3671	SilentSense	2013-04-16	I suppose it's impossible for Stannis to have a moment of weakness then.I sure know that all of the "strong" people I know are ALWAYS strong.When someone gets as little screen time as Stannis is getting, don't you think that screen time ought to be used to establish the defining features of a character?Tryion should have a ton of scenes where he is lost for words and comes across as unintelligent! Sure, wittiness and intelligence are his main characteristics but we totally need to show that he isn't ALWAYS witty and intelligent!
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 05:00 AM.
3672	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	They always dumb it down for tv to point out the obvious thats why the books are always better, I saw the episode and it made Stannis look weak. Stannis is one thing but not weak.what is the problem really? this was the first time stannis showed any sign of genuine weakness in the tv-series, and his moment with melissandrae felt sort of genuine, she did not put on that creepy fanatic priest voice, she seemed much more human than in any scene before, that concerned, caring look she gave stannis was felt very genuine and honest and i think both characters gained a few extra dimensions in this scene.
3673	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	When someone gets as little screen time as Stannis is getting, don't you think that screen time ought to be used to establish the defining features of a character?and at this point stannis is at his all-time low, dont you think that should be established aswell? even Stannis baratheon is sad sometimes, especially after losing a war. do you want a character to be completley one dimensional?
3674	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	When someone gets as little screen time as Stannis is getting, don't you think that screen time ought to be used to establish the defining features of a character?He has a multi-episode/season arc he'll have to go through,  and the events that occur must affect his emotional state. Right now he's suffered a devastating, humiliating defeat and we're seeing the aftermath of that (which we didn't see in the books).  I'm sure by the time he saves the Night's Watch he won't be as "weak."
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 05:04 AM.
3675	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	When someone gets as little screen time as Stannis is getting, don't you think that screen time ought to be used to establish the defining features of a character?Tryion should have a ton of scenes where he is lost for words and comes across as unintelligent! Sure, wittiness and intelligence are his main characteristics but we totally need to show that he isn't ALWAYS witty and intelligent!Every peson is capable of showing different emotional states, while intelligence does not fluxuate like emotions do... unless you like to pop too many xanax occasionaly
3676	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	When someone gets as little screen time as Stannis is getting, don't you think that screen time ought to be used to establish the defining features of a character?Tryion should have a ton of scenes where he is lost for words and comes across as unintelligent! Sure, wittiness and intelligence are his main characteristics but we totally need to show that he isn't ALWAYS witty and intelligent!I think the show and the books have both shown that Tyrion doesn't always make the smartest choices, despite being a very intelligent person.  So thanks for supporting my argument!
3677	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-16	I suppose it's impossible for Stannis to have a moment of weakness then.I sure know that all of the "strong" people I know are ALWAYS strong.Such misdirected sacrasm. Has anyone said Stannis shouldn't have moment, or even long periods of weakness? Hells, no one complained when he sobbed that he murdered his own brother last season, in fact it was very touching and a great glimpse of Stannis' humanity.It's this particular brand of weak, clingy, dependance that is so unStannis and thus butchering of the essence of his character, warts and all. More broadly, this moment in S3E3 is merely a culmination of all the previous instances of weakness through S2 that add up to: Stannis is a weak person. Which is very different to Stannis having considerable inner strength but cracking and having moments of weakness. If we consider Donal Noye's description of Stannis in the book, and figure that to be a reasonable analogy of Stannis' character then weakness is not fundamental characteristic associated with iron. However it's main weakness is inflexibility, thus iron will break when put under enough strain.I would be fine with seeing Stannis break in a major way, if before the reversal in Blackwater he was shown as having the hard and strong elements of iron and seeming to be the sort of person someone like Davos could so firmly commit to. It's a complete head scratcher as to how show Davos can have any real devotion to show Stannis.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 16 April 2013 - 05:15 AM.
3678	IRON BANK	2013-04-16	I suppose it's impossible for Stannis to have a moment of weakness then.I sure know that all of the "strong" people I know are ALWAYS strong.You gotta understand book Stannis in know way bends or breaks he's like a steel wall, I mean the guy would have sex with his armor on and expect his lover to like it. he chews rocks with irone ore  and craps nails  that type of guy!!!
					
					
							Edited by IRON BANK, 16 April 2013 - 05:20 AM.
3679	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Every peson is capable of showing different emotional states, while intelligence does not fluxuate like emotions do... unless you like to pop too many xanax occasionalyI'm not sure what you think I'm saying, but, uhm, ok.I think the show and the books have both shown that Tyrion doesn't always make the smartest choices, despite being a very intelligent person.  So thanks for supporting my argument!Except that Tyrion gets a ton of screen time so a few scenes where he isn't witty and smart are good. Now if a significant percentage of Tyrion's scenes were ones where he isn't witty and smart...that would be bad.But I'm sure you're right and a TV only viewers opinion on Stannis closely matches a bookreader's opinion because they did an exceptional job portraying his essential characteristics in the show!
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 05:22 AM.
3680	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	Such misdirected sacrasm. Has anyone said Stannis shouldn't have moment, or even long periods of weakness? Hells, no one complained when he sobbed that he murdered his own brother last season, in fact it was very touching and a great glimpse of Stannis' humanity.It's this particular brand of weak, clingy, dependance that is so unStannis and thus butchering of the essence of his character, warts and all. More broadly, this moment in S3E3 is merely a culmination of all the previous instances of weakness through S2 that add up to: Stannis is a weak person. Which is very different to Stannis having considerable inner strength but cracking and having moments of weakness. If we consider Donal Noye's description of Stannis in the book, and figure that to be a reasonable analogy of Stannis' character then weakness is not fundamental characteristic associated with iron. However it's main weakness is inflexibility, thus iron will break when put under enough strain.I would be fine with seeing Stannis break in a major way, if before the reversal in Blackwater he was shown as having the hard and strong elements of iron and seeming to be the sort of person someone like Davos could so firmly commit to. It's a complete head scratcher as to how show Davos can have any real devotion to show Stannis.I think the purpose of this scene was to show how dependant Stannis has become on Mels support, he has basicly been alone with noone but her since his defeat at blackwater and i suppose her talk about the victory she sees in the flames might be the only thing that keeps him going.IMO it was really nice to see a genuine, human scene between the two were they for once dared to openly show their feelings for each others (whatever feelings they are). I think something like this was needed after Stannis violent strangle scene at the end of S2. THAT was out of character if you ask me.
3681	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I'm not sure what you think I'm saying, but, uhm, ok.Except that Tyrion gets a ton of screen time so a few scenes where he isn't witty and smart are good. Now if a significant percentage of Tyrion's scenes were ones where he isn't witty and smart...that would be bad.But I'm sure you're right and a TV only viewers opinion on Stannis closely matches a bookreader's opinion because they did an exceptional job portraying his essential characteristics in the show!They have shown Stannis being strong and determined quite a bit, and I would point to Davos' conversation to his son where he extolls Stannis as fair, just, and virtuous.  Viewers of the show will have seen all of that too.  Does portraying him during a time of weakness ruin all of that?  No, because we will see his character continue to develop.EDIT: I'm also unsure of why a show watcher's opinion of Stannis needs to be the same as a book reader's opinion.  They are two different things.  Also, it seems to me that a lot of book readers have different opinions of Stannis than other book readers do.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 05:27 AM.
3682	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	i also feel obliged to add that i have heard from several non-reading friends and read some reviews that critiziced Stannis for being to one-dimensional and monotone and never showing any real passions or feelings in S2 (i think one review asked if the writers had confused roose and stannis and made stannis the "leach lord" that uses leaches to suck out his passions...
so i assume this scene was to show that there is more to stannis after all, wich i dont mind.
3683	Dragonstoned	2013-04-16	Also if we don't see Stannis at this point in the books, maybe it would've been better to not see him at this point in the show either? Instead of trying to shoehorn in invented scenes for the sake of more screentime with the bigger-name actors.
They've shown they can do invented scenes for characters they get (Robert + Cersei, Tyrion + Bronn etc.) but not here.  We know literally nothing about what happened with Stannis and Mel in private except that they were having sex.  It's not like when something is related back in a POV (e.g. Viserys trying to take the eggs) where the show structure has the advantage and showing those scenes works.
Plus they have presumably heard Martin say that Stannis is the hero of the series (don't ask me for a quote) and apparently read the boards where there is a big Stanstan community.  This should indicate to them they might not be right in their view and should therefore represent the multiple versions of Stannis, rather than just theirs which is way skewed.  Basically, hubris from them.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 16 April 2013 - 05:35 AM.
3684	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Such misdirected sacrasm. Has anyone said Stannis shouldn't have moment, or even long periods of weakness? Hells, no one complained when he sobbed that he murdered his own brother last season, in fact it was very touching and a great glimpse of Stannis' humanity.It's this particular brand of weak, clingy, dependance that is so unStannis and thus butchering of the essence of his character, warts and all. More broadly, this moment in S3E3 is merely a culmination of all the previous instances of weakness through S2 that add up to: Stannis is a weak person. Which is very different to Stannis having considerable inner strength but cracking and having moments of weakness. If we consider Donal Noye's description of Stannis in the book, and figure that to be a reasonable analogy of Stannis' character then weakness is not fundamental characteristic associated with iron. However it's main weakness is inflexibility, thus iron will break when put under enough strain.I would be fine with seeing Stannis break in a major way, if before the reversal in Blackwater he was shown as having the hard and strong elements of iron and seeming to be the sort of person someone like Davos could so firmly commit to. It's a complete head scratcher as to how show Davos can have any real devotion to show Stannis.In reply to part of this I would direct you to my previous post, but as to the rest - I know that I usually act and behave in certain ways and many people would believe me to be a certain kind of person, but I know there are times when I don't act or behave in line with my ideas of myself or what others would expect.  I am sure you have done the same every once in a while.  That's what it means to be human.  People are USUALLY one thing or another, but they are also SOMETIMES something else - and when we see characters like this in fiction, that is an example of a well-written character.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 05:37 AM.
3685	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	"one-dimensional characters" (in lack of a better word, i dont mean to use it in a negative context) work much better in fantasy novels, especially when the comes to a "strong, patient hero" character like Stannis. but it does not translate well to the tV-screen, if stannis only had one note to play i think many people would get bored with him.
And even Stannis needs an Arc that we get to see. I dont mind seeing him in a weaker, more depressed mood until he leaves for his call on the wall because it gives the character more depth.
3686	Gannicus	2013-04-16	i also feel obliged to add that i have heard from several non-reading friends and read some reviews that critiziced Stannis for being to one-dimensional and monotone and never showing any real passions or feelings in S2 (i think one review asked if the writers had confused roose and stannis and made stannis the "leach lord" that uses leaches to suck out his passions...so i assume this scene was to show that there is more to stannis after all, wich i dont mind.I don't have a problem with humanizing him but the show writers are clearly trying to make him seem more ambitious and evil.
3687	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I don't have a problem with humanizing him but the show writers are clearly trying to make him seem more ambitious and evil.I don't get the sense that he is evil at all.And it's harder to get more ambitious than wanting to take over an entire kingdom haha.
3688	SilentSense	2013-04-16	They have shown Stannis being strong and determined quite a bit, and I would point to Davos' conversation to his son where he extolls Stannis as fair, just, and virtuous.  Viewers of the show will have seen all of that too.  Does portraying him during a time of weakness ruin all of that?  No, because we will see his character continue to develop.EDIT: I'm also unsure of why a show watcher's opinion of Stannis needs to be the same as a book reader's opinion.  They are two different things.  Also, it seems to me that a lot of book readers have different opinions of Stannis than other book readers do.If you don't care about whether (and how closely) show Stannis resembles book Stannis, we have nothing to discuss. I'm explaining why the scene was bad despite the fact that strong characters have moments of weakness. Again, it has to do with how much a character's screen time is allocated to showing his main characteristics. Maybe their portrayal of Stannis will become better  Doesn't change that this scene is misleading (wrt portraying book stannis!)
3689	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-16	Actually we had description int he books - in comments. Would be easier and in character to show him all doomy and gloomy staring into flames in the painted table chamber; discussing the King's Blood stuff with Mel and listening to his lords presenting the plan to raid the Claw Isle, later showing his Hand mentioning that peace is needed etc...
3690	IRON BANK	2013-04-16	If you don't care about whether (and how closely) show Stannis resembles book Stannis, we have nothing to discuss. I'm explaining why the scene was bad despite the fact that strong characters have moments of weakness. Again, it has to do with how much a character's screen time is allocated to showing his main characteristics. Maybe their portrayal of Stannis will become better  Doesn't change that this scene is misleading (wrt portraying book stannis!) I agree:Like the pod brothel scene was like 5 minutes they could've expanded on Stannis's character then. the farther they go from the books the worst it will get.  At least they are gonna break this book down into 2 seasons. but I don't know if thats because martin is slow or to add details.
3691	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	It's okay to show Stannis weak and dependent on Mel, the issue for me, as someone upthread said, is this is not the brand of weakness and dependence one would expect from someone like book Stannis.
But Stephen Dillane = /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />
3692	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	If you don't care about whether (and how closely) show Stannis resembles book Stannis, we have nothing to discuss. I'm explaining why the scene was bad despite the fact that strong characters have moments of weakness. Again, it has to do with how much a character's screen time is allocated to showing his main characteristics. Maybe their portrayal of Stannis will become better  Doesn't change that this scene is misleading (wrt portraying book stannis!)Maybe it IS misleading.  Maybe it is INTENTIONALLY misleading.  So?  That kind of thing happens in fiction all the time.  I never read Harry Potter, but from what I can tell they did that kind of thing all the time (making a character seem one way and then showing them being different).Also, I don't care if the character is slightly different on the show from how he is in the books, but I don't understand why that means I can't discuss it here.  I think the general characteristics of the character are intact.And I don't believe screen time is relevant at all.  Stannis has had more than enough screen time showing him to be a strong, determined hard ass who values duty and perceived fairness above all.  A few scenes of him in doubt, or giving in to his more basic desires, or having moments of despair and frustration don't contradict any of that.
3693	Alexander Stark	2013-04-16	Stannis is a miserable whiny prick in the books. At least in the show they made him seem like he actually had balls by taking part in the battle of blackwater bay. In the book he is like a plank of wood
3694	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Stannis is a miserable whiny prick in the books. At least in the show they made him seem like he actually had balls by taking part in the battle of blackwater bay. In the book he is like a plank of woodSee, people have all kinds of different interpretations of who Stannis is.
3695	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	Y'all will be eating your words next week when Stannis writes his epic rock ballad "Your Love Is Mine By Rights" and performs it like a boss/thread
3696	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	what is the problem really? this was the first time stannis showed any sign of genuine weakness in the tv-series, and his moment with melissandrae felt sort of genuine, she did not put on that creepy fanatic priest voice, she seemed much more human than in any scene before, that concerned, caring look she gave stannis was felt very genuine and honest and i think both characters gained a few extra dimensions in this scene.That scene was horribly acted.  Horrible.  That look didnt come across as caring, it came across like she thought he was pathetic..  Their acting was way overdone..  It was hard to watch.
3697	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	It didnt destroy Stannis for me. I agree that the scene was cheesy bt they have to show Melisandre's influence on Stannis in 5 minutes. this in my opinion will leave out certain things.
If they had more time things wold have been different.
3698	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	Stannis is a miserable whiny prick in the books. At least in the show they made him seem like he actually had balls by taking part in the battle of blackwater bay. In the book he is like a plank of woodHe took part in the Battle of the Blackwater you dumbass. He remarks 'Lightbringer didn't serve him any better than another sword on the Blackwater'. Now how would he know that if he hadn't used it to fight, hm?
3699	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-16	I'm sure this has been mentioned before, but Stannis suffers from Middle Child Syndrome. Robert was the flashy first-born son, who got to travel and fight and become king (and had lots of friends and girls). Renly was the beautiful darling baby who got to live it up in the capital. Stannis got stuck being the dutiful guardian of Dragonstone, with no hot chicks or fashionable surroundings.
While show Stannis seems pretty shallow and not much like the book Stannis, I guess this is one way his character might have gone, given the circumstances of being told by a beautiful, powerful woman that he was Azor Ahai reborn.
3700	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-16	They've already shown him being weak and miserable in the previous episode, sitting there staring out the window, letting Mel doing all the talking. This week's scene was completely unnecessary and just made him look like a fool.
3701	Alexander Stark	2013-04-16	He took part in the Battle of the Blackwater you dumbass. He remarks 'Lightbringer didn't serve him any better than another sword on the Blackwater'. Now how would he know that if he hadn't used it to fight, hm?Only because his army was attacked on the other side of the bay, he had no intention of actually fighting
3702	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Only because his army was attacked on the other side of the bay, he had no intention of actually fightingCan you show me the passage in the text?
3703	Alexander Stark	2013-04-16	Can you show me the passage in the text?Dont have book on me but he leads his army from the rear and thats where tywins attack from because they crept through the kingswood that tyrions hill tribes had burned
3704	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	Dont have book on me but he leads his army from the rear and thats where tywins attack from because they crept through the kingswood that tyrions hill tribes had burnedRunning the attack from the rear instead of the van is not the same as 'not intending to fight'.  just sayin.
3705	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-16	Well, Clansmen at Culloden made fun of British commander for not leading from the front rank...
The battle resulted in significant losses among clan leadership...
There were even comments int he book about Stannis commanding troops like Tywin - fromt he rear.
					
					
							Edited by Runaway Penguin, 16 April 2013 - 08:18 AM.
3706	Mr Hodor	2013-04-16	Dont have book on me but he leads his army from the rear and thats where tywins attack from because they crept through the kingswood that tyrions hill tribes had burnedmost of the sensible people would lead the attack from rear
3707	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Dont have book on me but he leads his army from the rear and thats where tywins attack from because they crept through the kingswood that tyrions hill tribes had burnedPlenty of generals lead from the rear.  they can see whats going on and deploy forces where needed.  Tywin does the same thing.
3708	Alexander Stark	2013-04-16	Running the attack from the rear instead of the van is not the same as 'not intending to fight'.  just sayin.His reserves wouldnt have been needednif all had gone to plan. My point was just how the show put him in the thick of it to make him more interesting for the viewer. Every person in westeros finds him dull, I dont get why some readers dont
3709	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Well, Clansmen at Culloden made fun of British commander for not leading from the front rank...The battle resulted in significant losses among clan leadership...There were even comments int he book about Stannis commanding troops like Tywin - fromt he rear.So?  They stay back with the reserve to attack where needed.
3710	devilrob6	2013-04-16	I don't think the ruined Stannis. It seemed out of character, but so was the scene on the table at Dragonstone in season 2 (which was worse). But Stannis after the Blackwater was at his lowest point, he gained a lot of sympathy in the books afterwards. That could still happen in the series.
3711	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-16	Well, truth be told, I didn't fully come around on book!Stannis until recently. He was amazing once Mel wasn't around. I'm hoping the show will see him have a similar outcome.
I'm not a fan of how he's being portrayed right now, too, though. I can only imagine that the writers are trying to emphasize the parasitic-like quality of Mel coupled with showing how broken Stannis is after Black Water. Maybe this is an exercise to show what Stannis is like when Mel is around vs. when she's not. Who knows, maybe now that Mel is off to find Gendry, we'll see hints of Stannis coming out of his crazed stupor, thus revealing to the audience that Mel is a very powerful and manipulative force. I hope.
3712	Lord Varys	2013-04-16	Well, I'm not sure if this truly a wrong portrayal of Stannis how he was shortly after the Blackwater. Melisandre may very well have been the sole straw he had left after his humiliating defeat. She was the only one who was allowed to see him in the books as well. And she obviously also was the one who got him out of his depression eventually. This strongly indicates that Stannis deeply cares for Melisandre, and is stricken that she might abandon him as well. I'm sure book Stannis would have acted in a similar fashion if Mel would have asked him for an extended leave of absence without explaining anything. He would have begged her to stay.
The weird thing seems to me that there is that there seems to be no intercourse between Stannis and Mel. They had sex only once, to conceive the shadow child. In the novels Mel seems to share her bed with Stannis on a regular basis, and this is not endangering his life (at least that's how I interpret Mel's casual remark from ADwD). My guess was that Mel can consciously control and decide whether she wants to drain a man of his life essence and conceive a shadow child or whether she wants just to have fun.
Having Stannis to want Mel is no deviation from the books. The man is attracted to Melisandre. That was always obvious. But this does not mean that he is in her thrall, or something like that. And he also seemed afraid/irritated about this whole sacrifice idea thing. I don't see him not trying to resist the whole sacrifice idea when it's finally put on the table. At least at first.
The really irritating thing from season 2 is that he suddenly becomes all horny as soon as Mel promises him a son. That's out of character and strange, but not so much the fact that Stannis has actually sexual desires.
We should also keep in mind that there is a subtle hint in Jon's first chapter in ADwD that Stannis may actually be somewhat jealous of Mel's interest in Jon Snow, when she decides to accompany him. Her interest in Jon seems to irritate Stannis. But whether Stannis truly is completely invested in Melisandre emotionally remains to be seen. The woman truly has a lot of attractive qualities, but also a lot of weird and intimidating aspects. He may be truly smitten by the fact that a woman as powerful as she is is interested in him. But that may change eventually.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 16 April 2013 - 11:13 AM.
3713	Onion Seaworth	2013-04-16	I like Stannis in the series...His scene with Mel was not so good so that i can agree with, but as it has been said already, he is a broken man now. I loved Stannis in S2 and i think i will like him in S3 as much eventually.
					
					
							Edited by Onion Seaworth, 16 April 2013 - 12:35 PM.
3714	Mendoza	2013-04-16	He's been sexually awakened by Mel. I got no issue with it. He's depressed and wants to get laid. Plenty of people seek out sex during profound moments of sadness. Mel has to keep fighting the good fight, being an agent of light and all that jazz.
3715	ServantOnIce	2013-04-16	I suppose it's impossible for Stannis to have a moment of weakness then.I sure know that all of the "strong" people I know are ALWAYS strong."Stannis is like Iron he will break before he bends." This Stannis was bending and whimpering, he looked weak, he looked pathetic . ..  not the Stannis from the books. D and D's views of Stannis are not the same as many of us book readers.  That's the power they have.
3716	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Maybe it IS misleading.  Maybe it is INTENTIONALLY misleading.  So?  That kind of thing happens in fiction all the time.  I never read Harry Potter, but from what I can tell they did that kind of thing all the time (making a character seem one way and then showing them being different).I've read Harry Potter (well, some of it) and don't recall that happening all the time. Don't really see the point either.Also, I don't care if the character is slightly different on the show from how he is in the books, but I don't understand why that means I can't discuss it here.  I think the general characteristics of the character are intact.You can discuss it here, but if you don't think the resemblance should be (very) close, your response to my posts is only going to be variants of  "so?"And I don't believe screen time is relevant at all.  Stannis has had morse than enough screen time showing him to be a strong, determined hard ass who values duty and perceived fairness above all.  A few scenes of him in doubt, or giving in to his more basic desires, or having moments of despair and frustration don't contradict any of that.What fraction of screen time is devoted to showing something is highly relevant for portraying a character. But I haven't rewatched s2 and don't remember it that well so maybe you're right and the tv viewers actually have an accurate opinion of Stannis (based on s2).
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 01:29 PM.
3717	Sofokles	2013-04-16	I think Stannis is way more sexual in Tv-series than in books. (Hey Mel, Lets make some Shadow Babies again!)
3718	TheDarkOne	2013-04-16	One of my favorite arguments here is..."We didn't know what was going on with him, there wasn't much in the books." I would coincide that point. However that does not give the creators license to fill in the dots and portray him as a hapless boob. I can't fathom how people can find a way to apologize for anything in the show no matter how ridiculous.
Stannis begging practically on one knee like a jealous cuckold while being dismissed.
How dare they.
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 16 April 2013 - 04:19 PM.
3719	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	One of my favorite arguments here is..."We didn't know what was going on with him, there wasn't much in the books." I would coincide that point. However that does not give the creators license to fill in the dots and portray him as a hapless boob. I can't fathom how people can find a way to apologize for anything in the show no matter how ridiculous.Stannis begging practically on one knee like a jealous cuckold while being dismissed.How dare they.Lol.
3720	Bizzy	2013-04-16	I can't fathom how people can find a way to apologize for anything in the show no matter how ridiculous.Well that's simply how the internet is. As there is always the one guy who says "this is shit" no matter how awesome it was, there are also always people in forums who defend everything from a game/show/film they like, like they were the producers themself.
					
					
							Edited by Bizzy, 16 April 2013 - 06:14 PM.
3721	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	1) yeah,  Robert is a good measure  . he is a man who bankrupted the realm , had council full of spies and traitors and was too stupid to see the truth about his children which ultimately became the cause of the war , yeah we should trust this man<U+0080><U+0099>s judgment . seriously ?!Dragonstone was a slight and even Cersei  said that.Even if we believe Robert , didn't he give Dragonstone to Stannis because Renly was a child and wouldn<U+0080><U+0099>t be able to rule the former Targ<U+0080><U+0099>s ancestral seat,  properly?! So see , you just made that up out of thin air.2) didn<U+0080><U+0099>t the whole mess happen because  Renly was too selfish to back off from his stupid ambitions ?! should we blame Stannis for that ?!3)  fictions.4) he maybe a little harsh  but , puritanical tyrant ?!!! do you even know what <U+0080><U+009D>tyrant<U+0080><U+009C>mean??It is the opposite of <U+0080><U+009C>just<U+0080><U+009D> ? now you are saying Stannis is not only not just but a tyrant?!! LOLHe only punishes traitors and criminals how can he be a tyrant? It is called justice my friend and a true justice is indeed harsh.Btw he is well capable of forgiveness , he did forgive Stormlords who betrayed him , he did forgive Davos multiple times , hell he even was willing to forgive Renly and Robb or any other usurpers if they had bent the knee.He was the only one who answered the NW call , the only one! Aemon sent letter to every freaking cities and castles he knew , no one answered the call , not even those so called (Meh) honorable  Northmen near the wall , not a single person , but Stannis.He is the only ruler that truly believes , being king is a duty ."Few of the birds that Aemon had sent off had returned as yet. One reached Stannis, though. One found Dragonstone, and a king who still cared.""I shall bring justice to Westeros<U+0080> Every man shall reap what he has sown, from the highest lord to the lowest gutter rat. And some will lose more than the tips off their fingers, I promise you. They have made my kingdom bleed, and I do not forget that.""Lord Seaworth is a man of humble birth, but he reminded me of my duty, when all I could think of was my rights. I had the cart before the horse, Davos said. I was trying to win the throne to save the kingdom, when I should have been trying to save the kingdom to win the throne.<U+0080><U+009D> 1) Yes, Robert had become a drunken soak by the end of his rein. This was quite clearly not the case at the start.2) Renly's rebellion would have had no traction what so ever, if people didn't feel the need to look for an option other than Stannis - especially the Tyrells. They didn't live in a bubble. They knew what he was like - he wasn't holed up on Dragonstone - he had spent a good proportion of the time in KL. Renly without the Tyrells = no Renly rebellion.3) OK I think Stannis is vitally important to the entire story, you disagree with me. Fair enough.4) Yes I do know what tyrant means. You have demonstrated that you do not know what a 'good just king' means and are confusing it with word 'justice'.I agree with you about duty as opposed to ambition, although he does have a healthy dose of both. I agree with you about the Wall too - except he would have already been sitting on the Iron Throne when the call came if he was the king that anyone could accept.The whole fact that no one can accept him as king is the very reason there is a story at all.I also agree with your bit about the Northern 'honour'. Ned and Robb tried to be honourable but his does not mean the rest of the North is honourable. Their story demonstrates that honour alone is naive and not enough in the big picture. Perhaps Stannis's story is that righteousness alone is not enough either.
3722	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I've read Harry Potter (well, some of it) and don't recall that happening all the time. Don't really see the point either.You can discuss it here, but if you don't think the resemblance should be (very) close, your response to my posts is only going to be variants of  "so?"What fraction of screen time is devoted to showing something is highly relevant for portraying a character. But I haven't rewatched s2 and don't remember it that well so maybe you're right and the tv viewers actually have an accurate opinion of Stannis (based on s2).Just FYI I've watched every episode of the show at least three times, not including the times I've watched it with the audio commentaries (on season 2 episode 9 right now, but Martin's commentary is mostly boring so I haven't gone back to finish it yet haha) and read all the books twice (although I confess that it's been about six months so it's not fresh in my mind and sometimes I forget some details due to the density of the novels).  So I think my understanding of the character as portrayed on the show and in the books is pretty good, or at least well formed for my point of view.And Stannis on the show definitely doesn't strike me as a "hapless boob," as that one dude suggested.  That seems pretty bizarre and I honestly can't fathom how someone comes to that conclusion based on the same TV series I watch.My point about Harry Potter (which I admit is based solely on the movies because I just couldn't get into the first book) is that they set up certain characters to be villains but later they were revealed to be good guys, and vice versa.  I don't think Game of Thrones is doing this exact thing with Stannis, but they probably do want you to think he is at a very, very low point (and possiby lost), which will make his comeback more effective (when he arrives to save the day at the wall it could be a big crowd-pleasing moment - I certainly hope they play it this way).As far as me not caring about the differences - I don't think they are as drastic as people here are saying and I don't believe they NEED to be 100% the same, that's all.
3723	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Well that's simply how the internet is. As there is always the one guy who says "this is shit" no matter how awesome it was, there are also always people in forums who defend everything from a game/show/film they like, like they were the producers themself.I defend this show a lot here because I think it is excellent and appreciate the extraordinary undertaking it is, not to mention the unprecedented fidelity to the source material (read any Steven King book and then watch the movie based on it, you'll see what I mean), and because I think many people here (including this darkone guy) are overly extreme in their criticisms.  However there are a few things here and there that I don't agree with or care for (I thought the end credits music from the last episode was all wrong - although apparently a number of people enjoyed it).
3724	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Well that's simply how the internet is. As there is always the one guy who says "this is shit" no matter how awesome it was, there are also always people in forums who defend everything from a game/show/film they like, like they were the producers themself.I defend the show because it's quite good, and because a lot of the complaints are simply people having trouble comprehending that the book is not the show. which is a pretty silly to even have to explain.But I criticize the show when it's deserved. Littlefinger is just all over the place and Stannis acting like a creep in plain sight are not good developments regardless of what occurs in the books. For example, I took no complaint at Stannis succumbing to Mel in S2 in private, but for him to act like that in plain sight was just wrong. I also found it lame that they had Robb laughing at his grandfather's funeral and Blackfish completely embarassing the current lord of Riverrun at his own father's funeral. These are poor events considering the characters to be completely separate entities from their book counterparts.So in regards to the OP, yes I feel like they damaged the viewer's perception of Stannis because he acted completely out of character. My friend, a non-reader, asked me "Does she have him under some magic spell" which as stupid as it sounds is the only way that scene makes sense.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 16 April 2013 - 07:03 PM.
3725	teemo	2013-04-16	I think Stannis is way more sexual in Tv-series than in books. (Hey Mel, Lets make some Shadow Babies again!)true.  sex isn't really something i ever associated with stannis (except for the fact that he avoided it) until this darn show.
3726	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	true.  sex isn't really something i ever associated with stannis (except for the fact that he avoided it) until this darn show.Well when your wife has a moustache it doesn't exactly get you going /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3727	teemo	2013-04-16	Well when your wife has a moustache it doesn't exactly get you going /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />true, lol, but i think most get the deed done anyway?
3728	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	true, lol, but i think most get the deed done anyway?Well he did it at least once lol. But yeah for him sex is duty. Apparently Mel awakened his inner mojo. Or he's so turned on by shadow babies killing his enemies that he forgets himself.Either way it was creepy and odd.
3729	Cinder Stark	2013-04-16	Excuse for me not taking everything Stannis says as gospel unlike some of you. He is perfectly capable of lies and is a big time hypocrite.I agree. Stannis is horrible, I don't get all the Stan love.
3730	Cinder Stark	2013-04-16	I disagree. He has no motive for lying about this and is not known by anyone to lie. As for hypocrisy, do tell as I would to hear this.Stannis is a huge hypocrite, let me count the ways.......he loves going on and on about being the "rightful" king when he helped dispose the mad king. Once you rebel, you really can't or shouldn't go around calling others who choose the same tactic pretenders. He's sleeping with Mel and he's married, he doesn't believe in religion, he's stated that time and time again yet he forces his followers to take the red god. As for his lying, all his talk about not wanting to be king,, right. It's obviouse in the text, Stannis so wants to be king, beloved by everybody, he knows no one likes or wants him, so he plays his pity card. Stannis is exhausting IMO
					
					
							Edited by Cinder Stark, 16 April 2013 - 09:18 PM.
3731	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Stannis is a huge hypocrite, let me count the ways.......he loves going on and on about being the "rightful" king when he helped dispose the mad king. Once you rebel, you really can't or shouldn't go around calling others who choose the same tactic pretenders. He's sleeping with Mel and he's married, he doesn't believe in religion, he's stated that time and time again yet he forces his followers to take the red god. As for his lying, all he's talk about not wanting tone king, right. It's obviouse in the text, Stannis so wants to be king, beloved by everybody, he knows no one likes or wants him, so he plays his pity card. Stannis is exhausting IMOI will agree that Stannis is quite hypocritical as long as it serves his purpose, but by the end of book 5 he is pretty hilarious and entertaining to read.
3732	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	Stannis is many things, but I don't think he forced R'hllor to his followers. That's why we have King's Men and Queen's Men in the first place. The wildlings were the only ones specifically asked to burn weirwoods to enter the gates but it's like throwing a bone to Mel. 
 /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
3733	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Stannis is many things, but I don't think he forced R'hllor to his followers. That's why we have King's Men and Queen's Men in the first place. The wildlings were the only ones specifically asked to burn weirwoods to enter the gates but it's like throwing a bone to Mel. /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />Well he burned those Gods in front of those men which is like basically saying "Fuck you, we have a new god." In the show they describe Mel as burning non-believers because they're servants of darkness.
3734	Cinder Stark	2013-04-16	Stannis is many things, but I don't think he forced R'hllor to his followers. That's why we have King's Men and Queen's Men in the first place. The wildlings were the only ones specifically asked to burn weirwoods to enter the gates but it's like throwing a bone to Mel.  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />And Jon, Stannis wanted Jon to burn the weirwoods in Winterfell in the books. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Cinder Stark, 16 April 2013 - 09:47 PM.
3735	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	Well he burned those Gods in front of those men which is like basically saying "Fuck you, we have a new god." In the show they describe Mel as burning non-believers because they're servants of darkness.Sorry my S2 memories are very hazy but that's pretty terrible if Mel was allowed to burn just about anyone in the show. The burnings were really terrible, no sense denying that, but at least in the books he still let his staff practice their respective religions and only coincided sacrifice burnings with those he intend to execute anyway.
3736	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	I agree. Stannis is horrible, I don't get all the Stan love. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />The show is only depicting what a power whore Stannis is.  He will do whatever it takes to be King.
3737	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	And Jon, one of the requirements to become Jon Stark was burn the weirwoods of Winterfell. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />He was allowed to decline the offer, though. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3738	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	My personal opinion of Stannis was pretty much shit until his men showed up at the wall.  And there was certainly a post-Blackwater period when he was very whiny/feeling sorry for himself, and clearly too much under Mel's thumb.  The begging to get laid seemed consistent with that to me.
3739	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	My personal opinion of Stannis was pretty much shit until his men showed up at the wall.  And there was certainly a post-Blackwater period when he was very whiny/feeling sorry for himself, and clearly too much under Mel's thumb.  The begging to get laid seemed consistent with that to me.If they were in his chambers I would agree. Out in public was just...WTF are you doing, man?
3740	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	He seems like a flat-out villain...do any non book readers even like him?This book reader doesn't like him at all.
3741	teemo	2013-04-16	This book reader doesn't like him at all.he's not the most popular, that's for sure....but there is definitely a chunk of book readers who like him.  i don't see any reason for a viewer to like him though.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 09:56 PM.
3742	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I would think if you venture out of these forums and talk to some less...obsessive book readers as well there's probably not many that like him. I would be surprised if any non-readers like him at all.
3743	teemo	2013-04-16	not really sure...i know several book readers who like him and don't know this forum exists.
3744	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	not really sure...i know several book readers who like him and don't know this forum exists.Did they like him before aDwD?
3745	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	he's not the most popular, that's for sure....but there is definitely a chunk of book readers who like him.  i don't see any reason for a viewer to like him though.Right. I don't see why anyone likes him.  He is a bitter miserable man, although, he manages to say some funny shit without meaning to be funny.  I think I only lol on Stannis a little less than I do for Dolorous Edd, Tyrion and Jaime.
3746	Mammothsbane	2013-04-16	I think most people don't like Stannis. Just because a decent amount on this forum like him doesn't mean he's well liked.That said, his character on the show is completely different. I didn't think that was even an argument until I read some of the responses here, which I completely disagree with. He was pissed after Blackwater, not desperate. He was planning in Dragonstone, not sulking.In the books, he needs a new plan. Mel presents sacrificing Edric. He is initially reluctant but decides he has no other options -- until Davos saves the day and gives him another option. He burned his Hand alive because he offered a surrender. That doesn't sound like sulking. That sounds like fury.Do you really think dour, humorless, rigid, teeth-grinding Stannis would plead with Mel on the beach like a 15 year old breaking up with his girlfriend? For sure not. What happened to "Bend the knee or I'll destroy you" Stannis? What happened to "Their time will come" Stannis? Say whatever you want, but Stannis is an absolute HARDO. He's a try-hard. He'd never do what he did in that beach scene EVER.And I don't get what the big deal is about the burning people. It's his preferred method of execution. Mel wants to burn every non-believer from here to the Wall but Stannis doesn't allow it. He only burns people when they've already been convicted of death. Hanging, beheading, burning, or drowning, an execution is an execution.
					
					
							Edited by Mammothsbane, 16 April 2013 - 10:14 PM.
3747	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I think most people don't like Stannis. Just because a decent amount on this forum like him doesn't mean he's well liked.That said, his character on the show is completely different. I didn't think that was even an argument until I read some of the responses here, which I completely disagree with. He was pissed after Blackwater, not desperate. He was planning in Dragonstone, not sulking.In the books, he needs a new plan. Mel presents sacrificing Edric. He is initially reluctant but decides he has no other options -- until Davos saves the day and gives him another option. He burned his Hand alive because he offered a surrender. That doesn't sound like sulking. That sounds like fury.Do you really think dour, humorless, rigid, teeth-grinding Stannis would plead with Mel on the beach like a 15 year old breaking up with his girlfriend? For sure not. What happened to "Bend the knee or I'll destroy you" Stannis? What happened to "Their time will come" Stannis? Say whatever you want, but Stannis is an absolute HARDO. He's a try-hard. He'd never do what he did in that beach scene EVER.And I don't get what the big deal is about the burning people. It's his preferred method of execution. Mel wants to burn every non-believer from here to the Wall but Stannis doesn't allow it. He only burns people when they've already been convicted of death. Hanging, beheading, burning, or drowning, an execution is an execution.Well  burning people as a death sentence was also practiced by the universally despised Aerys Targeryan II. Jaime thinks on how brutal and terrible it is several times.But your point is valid. They're trying to make Stannis look defeated and desperate. I mean it's working - but it seems so improper given his attitude toward everything even discounting his book character and focusing just on the Stannis we've had on the show. I will forgive it if they reinstate Stannis the cold, hard, unrelenting and somewhat entitled dude he was.Also I've never heard anyone outside of this area use the term Hardo. Are you from Boston?
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 16 April 2013 - 10:19 PM.
3748	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	I think there are quite a number of book readers who like him. You only have to look back to the comments on Youtube and Facebook during S2 and the RAGE that was going on "WTF! Stannis never had sex with her! This is character assassination!!!"
Well, they claim they read the books....
3749	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I think there are quite a number of book readers who like him. You only have to look back to the comments on Youtube and Facebook during S2 and the RAGE that was going on "WTF! Stannis never had sex with her! This is character assassination!!!"Well, they claim they read the books....Haha! That shadow baby was an immaculate conception and the reason Mel says Stannis doesn't have the strength to "produce" another is because he can't spare the energy to get that stork's egg!
3750	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	YouTube comments are just not trustworthy. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
3751	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	Well  burning people as a death sentence was also practiced by the universally despised Aerys Targeryan II. Jaime thinks on how brutal and terrible it is several times.But your point is valid. They're trying to make Stannis look defeated and desperate. I mean it's working - but it seems so improper given his attitude toward everything even discounting his book character and focusing just on the Stannis we've had on the show. I will forgive it if they reinstate Stannis the cold, hard, unrelenting and somewhat entitled dude he was.Also I've never heard anyone outside of this area use the term Hardo. Are you from Boston?Being that Stannis doesn't have a POV, we don't really know what he is feeling, we only know what he projects to others and how they perceive him.   I've always felt that he puts up this false bravado because deep down he suffers from an inferiority complex.   Not very good looking, balding, ugly wife, disfigured daughter, uncomfortable around women, stuck with Dragonstone vs Storms End and passed over as Hand... What they are showing us on screen is what he feels, when in the books, we get all of the teeth grinding and jaw clenching.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 16 April 2013 - 10:39 PM.
3752	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Being that Stannis doesn't have a POV, we don't really know what he is feeling, we only know what he projects to others and how they perceive him.   I've always felt that he puts up this false bravado because deep down he suffers from an inferiority complex.   Not very good looking, balding, ugly wife, disfigured daughter, uncomfortable around women, stuck with Dragonstone vs Storms End and passed over as Hand... What they are showing us on screen is what he feels when in the books we get all of the teeth grinding and jaw clenching.Yes, and his biggest complex is his brother. Loved by all (For some time), King by conquest, and not to mention Robert was sort of cruel to him. But Stannis showing his vulnerability in private to Mel is cool. I don't get why he'd do it outdoors in front of his men no matter how desperate or despondent he is.
3753	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	Yes, and his biggest complex is his brother. Loved by all (For some time), King by conquest, and not to mention Robert was sort of cruel to him. But Stannis showing his vulnerability in private to Mel is cool. I don't get why he'd do it outdoors in front of his men no matter how desperate or despondent he is.They needed to get the shot of Mel sailing away to the Riverlands in order to go and attempt to burn poor Gendry.
3754	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	They needed to get the shot of Mel sailing away to the Riverlands in order to go and attempt to burn poor Gendry.Fine, but they didn't need Stannis to attempt to dry hump her to show desperation. Plus they could still be inside when she tells him "I need to sail far away" and leaving him in his chambers.
3755	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-16	And Stannis could just be looking outside his window when she's actually sailing. Poor Gendry indeed.
3756	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	Fine, but they didn't need Stannis to attempt to dry hump her to show desperation. Plus they could still be inside when she tells him "I need to sail far away" and leaving him in his chambers.Wouldn't have the same effect in his chambers versus on the beach with one foot in the boat.  You have to imagine that they had similar conversations in his chamber and that was his last ditched effort to get her to stay, once all of the I am your King huffing and puffing didn't work, turning the tables and trying the sex route.
3757	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Wouldn't have the same effect in his chambers versus on the beach with one foot in the boat.  You have to imagine that they had similar conversations in his chamber and that was his last ditched effort to get her to stay, once all of the I am your King huffing and puffing didn't work, turning the tables and trying the sex route.The point is he looks like a loser and weak in front of his men. Stannis shouldn't be groveling for all of Dragonstone to see, nor should he be showinh affection toward some red priest with his wife and daughter nearby.
3758	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	The point is he looks like a loser and weak in front of his men. Stannis shouldn't be groveling for all of Dragonstone to see, nor should he be showinh affection toward some red priest with his wife and daughter nearby.Stannis doesn't care about what anyone thinks, he has proven that in the books MANY times, be it troops, wife, daughter or the realm.  Selyse knows that Stannis is banging Melisandre.  Hell, everyone knows about it, hence The Queen's men.  They most certainly are not referring to Selyse.
3759	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Stannis doesn't care about what anyone thinks, he has proven that in the books MANY times, be it troops, wife, daughter or the realm.  Selyse knows that Stannis is banging Melisandre.  Hell, everyone knows about it, hence The Queen's men.  They most certainly are not referring to Selyse.Stannis cares entirely too much what people think. A man fighting for his throne that doesn't care what people think is not going to go very far. Stannis knows that.He didn't take Mel to Blackwater precisely because of what people would think of him.
3760	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I just watched episode 3 again, and Stannis did not appear weak.  He seemed somewhat angry and somewhat frustrated, but he was still a hardass and definitely not weak.
3761	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	The point is he looks like a loser and weak in front of his men. Stannis shouldn't be groveling for all of Dragonstone to see, nor should he be showinh affection toward some red priest with his wife and daughter nearby.What are you talking about?  He wasn't groveling, and wasn't showing particularly much affection either.  He whispered in Melisandre's ear that he wanted another shadowbaby.  That is hardly grovelling, and any of the guys who were readying her boat wouldn't have been able to understand what was being said or what was happening.
3762	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	Stannis cares entirely too much what people think. A man fighting for his throne that doesn't care what people think is not going to go very far. Stannis knows that.He didn't take Mel to Blackwater precisely because of what people would think of him.That was before the loss. The two were practically inseparable, as per Davos' POV upon his return before being shoved into a cell, until they went North.
3763	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-16	I don't know, Stannis wasn't really in the first part of Storm, all you heard about him were rumours of never leaving the Red Woman's side and burning people. He kind of was a villain. As long as his direction changes when Davos eventually sways him then I don't have a problem just yet.Yeah, this is so true. And I've written before on these boards that even as a book reader I thought of Stannis as a giant prick until the end of book 3. When he comes to the Night's Watch's  aid in the end of S3 or in S2 it'll be a nice change. Also, Stannis doesn't really play a big part at this time. He's a broken man, and that scene in a brilliantly succinct way showed how his defeat at King's Landing changed him. It also provided the motive for Melissandre's "sacrifice quest" in showing how his "fire" had dimmed.
3764	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	What are you talking about?  He wasn't groveling, and wasn't showing particularly much affection either.  He whispered in Melisandre's ear that he wanted another shadowbaby.  That is hardly grovelling, and any of the guys who were readying her boat wouldn't have been able to understand what was being said or what was happening.Exactly!  Folks don't understand that TV/movie characters only hear what they are supposed to hear, unless it's specifically written that they are to eavesdrop. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
3765	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	He rubbed his face on hers, anyone with eyes would see that. Not to mention those at the boat aren't the only people in all of Dragonstone that may have seen.
It's just not a good move, and if you don't want to call it groveling then fine. But it was definitely creepy.
3766	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	He rubbed his face on hers, anyone with eyes would see that. Not to mention those at the boat aren't the only people in all of Dragonstone that may have seen.It's just not a good move, and if you don't want to call it groveling then fine. But it was definitely creepy.So what if it was creepy?  You ought to watch it again, it doesn't come off the way you think.  Also, his face was on the far side of hers so she was blocking his actions, and the men had their backs turned.  There is no way they would have noticed, and if they had they probably wouldn't have thought much of it.
3767	Darth Zyroth	2013-04-17	It was character assassination. Do D&D work for the FBI or CIA because they are quite good at assassinations it seems. Stannis is the one true king he should have just fucked Melisandre right there like the badass that he is.Maybe D&D are Faceless Men and worship Him of Many Faces??... That would explain why they give "the gift" to many characters.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Zyroth, 17 April 2013 - 04:38 AM.
3768	Maester Ruin	2013-04-17	So many people here seem to miss the point of a "character arc". Showing stannis at his lowest point will make the moment when he rebounds and saves the night watch much more interesting, since the character actually had to get past a tough obstacle (in this case depression caused by severe dissapointment and apathy after missing out on a huge opportunity to win the crown, an opportunity that he most likely wont see again). It will be nice to see him regain his spirit over the season(s?) and when he finally gets his mojo back, it will feel much more rewarding when you look back and compare with how broken he was after his defeat at blackwater and that he actually managed to get out of that slump. I wouldnt care the slightest if he just shows up out of nowhere at the wall after being away for like a whole season.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 17 April 2013 - 05:39 AM.
3769	Maester Ruin	2013-04-17	And the "breaks before he bends" slogan still applies here. He is going through a very rough time, he lost a battle that he expected to win and now his enemies outnumbers him severly and he wont get another chance at taking kings landing by force in a long time, maybe never. He doesnt know if the crown is preparing a siege on dragonstone, when he goes to bed and closes his eyes he probably sees the image of a combined Tyrell and Lannister fleet sailing thowards him. But he STILL REFUSES TO BEND THE KNEE AND GIVE UP.
3770	SeventySeven	2013-04-17	I love Stannis in the books, in the show... He has his moments. I'm hoping that Davos will help him get a grip asap, so we'll get a better Stannis by the time he's interacting with Jon.
3771	Batman	2013-04-17	Almost all men would want some personal time with the actress who plays Mel. But that is not Stannis!
3772	Batman	2013-04-17	This is the same problem I had with The Dark Knight Rises. Batman is not just waitng for a women to hook up with, he is and always will be Batman. Stannis is and always will be rigid and unyielding
3773	podrick_payne45	2013-04-17	Hes only ruined if you let this ruin it for you. The show will make mistakes, i just try to ignore it and hope they are able to somewhat keep him like he is in the book.
3774	Valya of Myr	2013-04-17	hate movie-stannis, he is too passionate, when he should be the only man who doesnt give a damn abot melisandre, and only fucks her to kill his enemies.. besides the actor is too hot!
3775	Cas Stark	2013-04-17	Hes only ruined if you let this ruin it for you. The show will make mistakes, i just try to ignore it and hope they are able to somewhat keep him like he is in the book.He's not "ruined" but it was extremely out of character, even for Show Stannis to exhibit that level of emotion, and its also not very believable that Mel would just go off and leave him and not tell  him where she is going.So, again, with the butterfly effect, the more changes they made the stranger it gets...now we're going to probably see her meet the BWB, Thoros, somehow get Gendry's blood for the leech scene...and that is going to introduce a whole new set of oddities, when, ya know, they could have just thrown in Edric Storm as an extra running around Dragonstone and a few lines to say he's Robert's bastard and no need for all of this extra plot holes and out of character action.
3776	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-17	hate movie-stannis, he is too passionate, when he should be the only man who doesnt give a damn abot melisandre, and only fucks her to kill his enemies.. besides the actor is too hot!What do you mean would say that Stannis only sleeps with Melisandre to kill his enemies? Mel all but says that they have sex regularly and they obviously don't breed shadows every time, both because there aren't any more assassinations and because it would kill Stannis.
3777	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-17	What do you mean would say that Stannis only sleeps with Melisandre to kill his enemies? Mel all but says that they have sex regularly and they obviously don't breed shadows every time, both because there aren't any more assassinations and because it would kill Stannis.But she is slowly sucking the life out of him.
3778	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	what good qualities does Stannis have besides his order hard on. I mean there's not much to paint him in a good light in asos let alone wipe away all the bad stuff he doesPretty funny how he's so attached to Mel nowJudging people based on their merit rather than their birth status maybe?
3779	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-17	Judging people based on their merit rather than their birth status maybe?He mixes both since it's not exactly the smuggler that he's taken as Hand, it's the lord who displays much loyalty. Birthright is very important to Stannis, shown both by how hard he tries to become king (which isn't out of wanting) and how pissed he was at not being given Storm's End (mix of birthright and what he did to defend it).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 17 April 2013 - 09:47 AM.
3780	FacelessSnow	2013-04-17	what good qualities does Stannis have besides his order hard on. I mean there's not much to paint him in a good light in asos let alone wipe away all the bad stuff he doesStannis is a leader of men, maybe sometimes overly rough but he demands respect.  How about during the siege when Davos showed up with food and Stannis gave everyone their fair share before eating himself.I think people are over-exaggerating D&Ds hatred of Stannis.  One of my favorite lines of the Blackwater episode was:"My Lord Hundreds will die.""Thousands...come with me and take this city" as he leads the charge.maybe out of character for book Stannis whom is only viewed through the eyes of Davos and so doesn't need a character arc (don't forget Davos is biased, Stannis is idealized in his view.).  But Show Stannis has potential to be set up as a character who breaks after putting so much into his invasion and then builds back up to the respectable leader book fans expect....(At least I really hope)
3781	Silverx2	2013-04-17	Stannis looked like a man with going through withdrawls. I think it was great, and i think its only going to get better.
3782	Drogo_1	2013-04-17	Stannis is hooked on the fire crotch. He is no longer a man let alone a would be false pretender of a king!
3783	Mammothsbane	2013-04-17	So many people here seem to miss the point of a "character arc". Showing stannis at his lowest point will make the moment when he rebounds and saves the night watch much more interesting, since the character actually had to get past a tough obstacle (in this case depression caused by severe dissapointment and apathy after missing out on a huge opportunity to win the crown, an opportunity that he most likely wont see again). It will be nice to see him regain his spirit over the season(s?) and when he finally gets his mojo back, it will feel much more rewarding when you look back and compare with how broken he was after his defeat at blackwater and that he actually managed to get out of that slump. I wouldnt care the slightest if he just shows up out of nowhere at the wall after being away for like a whole season.They could have had this character arc without him (almost) sobbing on the beach at sunset while his dream girl sails away.Stannis would not beg someone to be on his side. "You're abandoning me too, is that it?" is an absolutely ridiculous line for Stannis. And the "breaks before he bends" slogan still applies here. He is going through a very rough time, he lost a battle that he expected to win and now his enemies outnumbers him severly and he wont get another chance at taking kings landing by force in a long time, maybe never. He doesnt know if the crown is preparing a siege on dragonstone, when he goes to bed and closes his eyes he probably sees the image of a combined Tyrell and Lannister fleet sailing thowards him. But he STILL REFUSES TO BEND THE KNEE AND GIVE UP.He was begging Mel to stay with him though. That is bending. Stannis is horribly rigid. He is un-affectionate. He is dour. Literally nothing about that scene reflected Stannis' personality. I understand that Stannis is probably a more complicated character and only acts tough, but he still would absolutely not display that level of vulnerability, especially outside with others around. He wouldn't do it.The scene where he imprisons Davos is also completely uncharacteristic, but without the Florent's I guess we're stuck there.
3784	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-17	More "in character" reaction would be "So you are leaving me as well? Damn you and damn all the false kings!"
Whsat I don't like much, though, is that the Davos arc was a bit of insight into Mel (approving of Davos as Hand because he was utterly loyal to Stannis, even if he didn't like her and believe with the Red Lot).
3785	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-17	They could have had this character arc without him (almost) sobbing on the beach at sunset while his dream girl sails away.It seems like they felt the need to make the character more "human", easier to relate to. Feeling down and depressed, and now your girl is leaving you too? Most of us have been there at one point in our lives, I'd wager, but few in that situation went back to sit on their throne to look grim and dour.They've done this sort of thing before; make characters' feelings and motivations more obvious and relatable, and thus more appealing to (some) viewers.
3786	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	He mixes both since it's not exactly the smuggler that he's taken as Hand, it's the lord who displays much loyalty. Birthright is very important to Stannis, shown both by how hard he tries to become king (which isn't out of wanting) and how pissed he was at not being given Storm's End (mix of birthright and what he did to defend it).Birthright is important, but not more important that loyalty/proving yourself.Who upjumped him from smuggler to lord/knight?
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 17 April 2013 - 12:35 PM.
3787	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	And the "breaks before he bends" slogan still applies here. He is going through a very rough time, he lost a battle that he expected to win and now his enemies outnumbers him severly and he wont get another chance at taking kings landing by force in a long time, maybe never. He doesnt know if the crown is preparing a siege on dragonstone, when he goes to bed and closes his eyes he probably sees the image of a combined Tyrell and Lannister fleet sailing thowards him. But he STILL REFUSES TO BEND THE KNEE AND GIVE UP.All wrong.  Break before bend.  Think about it.
3788	Stormcatcher	2013-04-17	His few scenes this season have been annoying so far. I'm hoping they pull book Stannis out of somewhere for the rest of the episodes and have him as the interesting, unique fellow he is. Aside from spawning shadow babies, TV!Stannis doesn't feel that memorable.
3789	Lord of Castamere	2013-04-17	Im getting almost an religious vibe out from this thread. /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
3790	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-04-15	So...there's no way that Karstark isn't gonna have these kids' heads right?
3791	piratesswoop	2013-04-15	I'm just confused about why they made them both Lannisters. In the books, it's Willem Lannister and Tion Frey (whose mother is a Lannister) but it might been just another thing to add to the pile for Walder when it comes to the RW time. "Dishonored my daughter and one of your bannerman murdered my young kinsman"
Weren't Willem and Martyn twins in the books?
3792	Crazeejezza	2013-04-15	Yes, Willem and Martyn are twins, Kevan's younger sons.
3793	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	Maybe it didn't make sense for Karstark to kill a Frey right before the RW in the show? 
But, yeah, they are toast.  Damn D&D for making me care way more than I did in the books...
3794	Brother Without Banners	2013-04-15	I can't wait for Karstark to lose his head. He's such an annoying character, and worse on TV IMO.
3795	JoramunsKazoo	2013-04-15	As the scene played out, I kept thinking Karstark was going to bust down the door at any second.  I'm kinda sad they didn't play it out that way since it would've added some action into the episode fitting to the title.
					
					
							Edited by JoramunsKazoo, 15 April 2013 - 12:19 PM.
3796	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Didn't realize they were Kevin's younger sons (thanks, Crazeejeza @ post #3).  I think this aspect does have its significance, especially for later in the books (ADWD).  Don't know if this is spoiler for only ASOS or not, so I'll use it just to be sure.  
	Spoiler  We see Kevin, more in ADWD in any of the others (or if not, I just didn't notice him much before ADWD), but I think he only surfaces as a sort of 'fringe Lannister' until ADWD, where he really does, I think, step into the role of carrying on the Lannister thread and ultimately, in the epilogue, end up murdered.  There's that brief conversation he has with Cercei about his wife remaining at their home, but we don't really know much about the rest of the family. 
 
OR, my theorizing in the spoiler section above could just be rambling, with the primary purpose of their inclusion simply to be further evidence of Edmure's stupidity (we see that they really are such young boys).
3797	lostinasia	2013-04-16	One thing I found interesting about the two kids: it looks like Dean-Charles Chapman, who plays Martyn Lannister, is 15 years old - so he's basically the age of actor that "should" be playing Robb and Jon and Theon.
And thank goodness they didn't cast that way and they aged up the characters. Can you imagine this episode's scene with Robb, Edmure, and the Blackfish, with a 16 year old actor playing Robb?
3798	The Flaying Man	2013-04-16	One thing I found interesting about the two kids: it looks like Dean-Charles Chapman, who plays Martyn Lannister, is 15 years old - so he's basically the age of actor that "should" be playing Robb and Jon and Theon.And thank goodness they didn't cast that way and they aged up the characters. Can you imagine this episode's scene with Robb, Edmure, and the Blackfish, with a 16 year old actor playing Robb?That's what I thought of too! Imagine Robb coming across like young King Ptolemy XIII in Rome. Ageing the characters up was a great idea, and wholly necessary too. Otherwise we may have had another Narnia on our hands.
3799	dttljs123	2013-04-16	Damn Straight.!!!!
3800	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	I'm just confused about why they made them both Lannisters. In the books, it's Willem Lannister and Tion Frey (whose mother is a Lannister) but it might been just another thing to add to the pile for Walder when it comes to the RW time. "Dishonored my daughter and one of your bannerman murdered my young kinsman"Weren't Willem and Martyn twins in the books?They made them both Lannisters to simplify for non-readers. The fact that a Lannister sister was married off to a Frey has never been mentioned on the show, and they're not going to spend time and put effort into explaining the whole backstory (which would put too much emphasis on the kids and give away the fact that they're important) when it's so much easier to simply say they're Lannisters. The way they did it, at least some viewers are going to assume the kids were just there to once again show that Talisa will treat anyone who needs care, regardless of which family they belong to.
3801	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	The one Talisa scene I didn't mind and actually LIKED because it was a sad nod at ''oh yes, karstark is totally going to kill these children''
/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
3802	Eogh	2013-04-16	Poor little guys. Karstark is one mean bastard, but I gotta say I've really enjoyed him in the series so far. Particularly the scene with Jaime and Cat in season two when Karstark first demands his vengeance. Such a badass.
3803	Damar	2013-04-16	I'm rather curious for what reason Karstark will kill them this time, given it took Jaime being released in the books for him to murder the two. No doubt it will linked to the Red Wedding.
3804	Jolene Brown	2013-04-16	Won't he still kill them because Jaime was released?  He is only now getting access to them right?
3805	Dove	2013-04-16	Talisa is frighteningly likeable when she's trolling children.
They've really been ramping up the "Karstark's been feeling increasingly mutinous" stuff so I'm not sure that he'll need an explicit reason besides just snapping. Introducing the kids in a cute and silly scene is a great way to build sympathy for them before it happens and insure that you're really out for Karstark's blood, too.
3806	MoAt	2013-04-16	Talisa is frighteningly likeable when she's trolling children.They've really been ramping up the "Karstark's been feeling increasingly mutinous" stuff so I'm not sure that he'll need an explicit reason besides just snapping. Introducing the kids in a cute and silly scene is a great way to build sympathy for them before it happens and insure that you're really out for Karstark's blood, too. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3807	Damar	2013-04-17	Won't he still kill them because Jaime was released?  He is only now getting access to them right?But why would he do it now? What would be the point? In the books was a moment of anger, he's well past that.
3808	Lady Winter Rose	2013-04-17	I thought Karstark killed them in book 2?
3809	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	D & D really tightened up the whole Day storyline this year.  I know Qarth was a tough translation to the screen, but IMO they are making up for it.  Dany is projecting strength and is once again someone I could see as blood of the dragon.  Her pokerface with the Ghisari is fantastic and her dressing down of Barristan and Mormot was excellent.  
	Spoiler 
I can't wait for her to start bringing blood and fire down on some slavers.  

For the first time in any single book or season of Game of Thrones I find myself looking forward to Dany's scenes over any other one.
The addition of a smoking hot and well-acted Meissandre doesn't hurt either.
3810	brashcandy	2013-04-15	I agree. I think her scenes have been the highlight of all the episodes so far; it feels tight and connected and you can sense the climax building. A big improvement over last season.
3811	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-04-15	I look forward to her scenes over everyone else's as well. They are wonderfully acted, and the scenery is beautiful.
3812	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I'm so happy with Dany this season too!
3813	Young Nan	2013-04-15	I like show Dany in general better than book Dany.   She was my favorite storyline in season one, kinda meh in season two, and pretty cool in season three.
I can't stand book Dany, I feel like she showed a lot of promise and growth in book one, then actually regressed as a character as the series went on.
Another likeable thing about show Dany, is we don't have to be inside her head while she moons over Daario or says "if I look back I am lost" 3,000 times.
3814	Reposado	2013-04-15	i like dany the character this season, but i feel its going to end up feeling underwhelming at the end.
the series of 5 min clips is kinda like aryas last year, where at the end it feels like nothing happened, even though a bunch of stuff happened.
3815	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	I especially loved the dynamic between her and Selmy and Mormont, excellent acting and tension
3816	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	i like dany the character this season, but i feel its going to end up feeling underwhelming at the end.the series of 5 min clips is kinda like aryas last year, where at the end it feels like nothing happened, even though a bunch of stuff happened.no, trust me alot is going to happen with dany this year.
3817	teemo	2013-04-15	I'm not going to get my hopes up post-Dracarys, or else I might be really disappointed....but so far 100000000x better than last year.  Last season was a disaster.
3818	Died a Hero	2013-04-15	Couldn't agree more. True, I love Dany's chapters so I'm predisposed to like her in the show, but I did hate her (I am the Dragon speeches) from last year. I so wanted to see the three strangers walk up to the ruins and say, "We come seeking Dragons." and have Dany say, "Seek no more. You have found them." But not only did I not get that amazing chapter ending line, I got the King of Qarth and just a a young girl with no experience in war...However, this season the dragon's fire is boiling once again. Thank you god.
3819	Lord Jakkor	2013-04-15	I think people hate on Season 2 Dany too much. She was that way purposefully, to show she was a girl out of her league. Maybe she was over the top a little with the "WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS?!!!" stuff but I thought it fit and played well into her arc. You could see in those last scenes of season 2 that she had changed and grown up. The way she spoke with Daxos after the betrayal was exactly how she is this season. 
I love her acting and character this season. Top notch. Love the cold, calculating, and strategic Dany with a bit of a mean and ruthless streak when she needs to be.
3820	teemo	2013-04-15	Kind of random, but wasn't Dany a bit nicer to Missandei in the books?  I recall her freeing her right away and being really nice.  In the show she's like, "you're mine now. and you're prolly gonna get killed."
3821	Reposado	2013-04-15	no, trust me alot is going to happen with dany this year.yeah, but i dont think it will feel like it. (or at least, i fear this will happen)
3822	teemo	2013-04-15	Dracarys is bound to be awesome, but after that it's ??????
3823	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Dracarys is bound to be awesome, but after that it's ??????The conquering of Astapor.
3824	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	Agreed, Her scenes have been awesome so far.
3825	SerMixalot	2013-04-15	had a bunch of stuff then realized possible spoilers so deleted em
3826	shiola	2013-04-15	She's so much better this season!  I'm so excited.
3827	Southron_Ambitions	2013-04-15	One of the few things they seem to be getting right this season.
3828	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	Totally agree.  I dreaded the Daenerys scenes last season, but this season I really am looking forward to them.
3829	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	Lot of girl power swag goin on in Essos this season. It is known.
3830	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I must say, Emilia is doing a far better job this season. Although I think the writing also has a part to play. Many people I knew started to dislike her last season, so it's good that they've done away with the entitled brattiness she showed last season. Oh, and next episode is going to make everyone love her.
3831	Lord Godric	2013-04-15	I must say, Emilia is doing a far better job this season. Although I think the writing also has a part to play. Many people I knew started to dislike her last season, so it's good that they've done away with the entitled brattiness she showed last season. Oh, and next episode is going to make everyone love her.Well I certainly hope they've done away with her entitled brattiness, but there are still 7 episodes, and I expect at least once for her to say 'I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN!'
3832	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Well I certainly hope they've done away with her entitled brattiness, but there are still 7 episodes, and I expect at least once for her to say 'I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN!'... and I will take what is mine! Thank you. Form a queue. Thats right. Stop poking the dragons, kid.
3833	Nictarion	2013-04-15	The Dany scenes have been the best of the season. I really missed her in episode 2. For anybody that complained about Emilia Clarke I think she is proving them wrong, she can definitely act.
3834	Envie	2013-04-16	I personally think she got better this season intentionally. I think they were trying to go for the weaker, more entitled, somewhat clueless Dany last season and that probably rubbed too many viewers the wrong way. They needed to show Dany 'growing up' the same as her dragons and this season she's full-on Targaryen Queen material so her acting is much more focused and brilliant. I knew they'd picked the right actress for the role because she's able to evoke emotions from viewers both positive and negative and only a few others such as Cersei and Catelyn are doing that well as female characters.
3835	Enutie	2013-04-16	I like show Dany in general better than book Dany.   She was my favorite storyline in season one, kinda meh in season two, and pretty cool in season three.I can't stand book Dany, I feel like she showed a lot of promise and growth in book one, then actually regressed as a character as the series went on.Another likeable thing about show Dany, is we don't have to be inside her head while she moons over Daario or says "if I look back I am lost" 3,000 times.I really like the "If I look back I am lost" thing. How can you hate that /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Its like hating Theons "Reek Reek it ryme with Weak" Or "You know Nothing Jon Snow" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3836	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	Well I certainly hope they've done away with her entitled brattiness, but there are still 7 episodes, and I expect at least once for her to say 'I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN!'... and I will take what is mine! Thank you. Form a queue. Thats right. Stop poking the dragons, kid.God, I cringed so much when she started saying that in her scene with the Spice King.
3837	StarkDragon	2013-04-16	Season 2 Danny: WARE OUR MAH DRAGONS?
Season 3 Danny: Say hello to mah little friend!. 
	Spoiler Dracarys!

Yeah, I'm looking forward to more Danny this season. 
Maybe some more Unsullied Pizza (Nipple Pepperonis) too.
3838	Dove	2013-04-16	Hahaha. When you're losing your shit it's gotta be hard to remember all those titles, Dany has a real knack for that kind of thing.
That whole scene in S2 outside the gates of Qarth was so surreal and silly, it really felt like something out of a completely different series. I like to think it was just one bigass hallucination on their part thanks to wandering in the desert for so long.
I'm definitely looking forward to her stuff this season. Coolly authorative slightly off-kilter Dany is a million times better than screechy, petulant Dany. Missandei seems cool, RIP "It is known."
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 16 April 2013 - 12:53 AM.
3839	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	I personally think she got better this season intentionally. I think they were trying to go for the weaker, more entitled, somewhat clueless Dany last season and that probably rubbed too many viewers the wrong way. They needed to show Dany 'growing up' the same as her dragons and this season she's full-on Targaryen Queen material so her acting is much more focused and brilliant. I knew they'd picked the right actress for the role because she's able to evoke emotions from viewers both positive and negative and only a few others such as Cersei and Catelyn are doing that well as female characters.It wasnt so much her acting/behavior that bothered me last year, it was the sloppy translation of Qarth.  I dont mind her juvenile brattiness so much (although it was a little annoying).  What I hated was the Qarth storyline.The meeting outside the gates was dumbfounding.  Ducksauce was so different from book Daxos and they missed the cool dynamic that he's clearly wasnt interested in her for her parts.  Getting her dragons stolen... Blah blah.  If I managed to steal 3 dragons im not telling their mom where I put them.
3840	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	I must say, Emilia is doing a far better job this season. Although I think the writing also has a part to play. Many people I knew started to dislike her last season, so it's good that they've done away with the entitled brattiness she showed last season. Oh, and next episode is going to make everyone love her.Im ready for blood, fire, and cloak turning.  I would prefer as little walking around as possible for the rest of the season.  [spoilers] maybe one scene to show all her new followers [/spoilers]
3841	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	I definitely thought Emilia was better this season. She's dialled down on the crazy eyebrow rage face expressions.
3842	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-16	I'm not sure why its been fast forward so much because it could have easily been aligned with the book. AKA, having the whole arstan mystery included and belwas. And then they could have had Dany's chapters at the end of ASOS at the end of HBO's season 3, therefore making the season finale even more epic rather than just fast forwarding it so much
3843	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-04-16	Seems I'm the only one who just can't like her. Whenever a Daenerys-scene comes, I can only think ''BRING BACK THE OTHERSSSS.'' Didn't miss her in Episode 2 either. Though no one can deny the improvement of Show-Daenerys. Last season she was all ''I am this and this and this, so Imma be Queen of Westeros''. Blaaah.
3844	Roose Seal	2013-04-16	Essos is just as silly on screen as it is in the books, with its evil arab stereotypes and stupid orientalism and don't get me started on the Unsullied (and the obviously incoming gratuitous Dany x Missandei sex scene), but so far her story line is much more exciting than last season's.
3845	-Ghost-	2013-04-16	God, I cringed so much when she started saying that in her scene with the Spice King.That was the worst ever. It was basically "Give me free ships! No? Im gonna kill you all then, how dare you not give everything you own to me!" I was hoping someone would just punch her to shut her up. As long as we dont have that dumb shit again ill be happy.
3846	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Essos is just as silly on screen as it is in the books, with its evil arab stereotypes and stupid orientalism and don't get me started on the Unsullied (and the obviously incoming gratuitous Dany x Missandei sex scene), but so far her story line is much more exciting than last season's.Aye, i hate all the evil inuit stereotypes north of the wall.  Why do the ice river clans have to be freakin cannibels?
3847	Sun	2013-04-16	Seems I'm the only one who just can't like her. Whenever a Daenerys-scene comes, I can only think ''BRING BACK THE OTHERSSSS.'' Didn't miss her in Episode 2 either. Though no one can deny the improvement of Show-Daenerys. Last season she was all ''I am this and this and this, so Imma be Queen of Westeros''. Blaaah.No, you're not. I still dislike Dany, and her entire arc, both books, and show. I still think Emilia is wooden and emotionally a 2-gear actress. And I must be the only one who hated the Dracarys scene in the books. It struck as so bloody contrived and credulity straining, that I'm only interested in seeing if the show can improve on it.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 16 April 2013 - 08:15 AM.
3848	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	No, you're not. I still dislike Dany, and her entire arc, both books, and show. I still think Emilia is wooden and emotionally a 2-gear actress. And I must be the only one who hated the Dracarys scene in the books. It struck as so bloody contrived and credulity straining, that I'm only interested in seeing if the show can improve on it.She is a two gear actress, but Dany basically only has two gears:  steely 'I will take what is mine with fire and blood' determination or some variation of dreamy sadness.  That's why she stumbled, I thought last season, because neither of the two gears really worked for her situation in Qarth so her performance came off as unconvincing.
3849	David Selig	2013-04-16	Emilia Clarke is a good actress, not her fault most of the material she got last season was awful. So no surprise to see her doing very well this season when her script actually makes sense.
3850	Buckwheat	2013-04-16	Yes, this season the Essos scenes are much better than last season's Qarth. I am not a fan of the aged up Missandei, but Jorah and Barristan work very well and Dany has toned down the "I will take ... " screaming, so that is good. She feels much more natural and mature.
Also, I liked the inclusion of Jorah's sentence about Rhaegar.
3851	Kittykatknits	2013-04-16	I'm very happy with Dany's story this season, it's been refreshing to see her on screen once again. So incredibly disappointed with the story given to her last season where she does nothing but threaten to burn everyone who doesn't give her what she wants and the awful dragonnapping storyline. I had a positive feeling about her story arc this season within a few seconds of seeing the dragons and ship and haven't been disappointed so far. Really hoping her character continues to get the credit it is due.
3852	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I'm not sure why its been fast forward so much because it could have easily been aligned with the book. AKA, having the whole arstan mystery included and belwas. And then they could have had Dany's chapters at the end of ASOS at the end of HBO's season 3, therefore making the season finale even more epic rather than just fast forwarding it so muchI so disagree here. Having Arstan storyline would have been awful for this medium. We all know who he is. WE CAN SEE HIM.
3853	mafalda	2013-04-16	Dany's story last season was awful. It's because they made her look like a spoiled brat running around threatening to burn everyone, and the ridiculous kidnapping of the dragons. And they gave her the worst cheesy lines. During the entire season I kept saying "Well, they will make up for this with the HotU"... nope! To add insult to injury they butchered that too (even though I did love seeing Jason Momoa again! They could bring him back every season finale and I wouldn't question it or complain at all!). They left out all her cool important visions. I watched it with my bf and his friends who don't read the books and during the entire season I kept saying "Wait til you see the house of the undying it's gonna be great!" and when it happened they were like "Well you overhyped that!"
Also, the characters in Astapor are great! Kraznys is slimy and despicable to the point that it's hilarious, I'm glad they skipped the Arstan thing (as much as I liked it in the books, it would not have translated well on screen.. I do wonder what will happen though to cause the walk in the sewers now though) and Missandei is gorgeous! And I love her dress and would wear it everyday! To the supermarket, the mall, to concerts, all day everyday!
People saying that they are not a fan of aged up Missandei are missing one factor. The show killed off all Dany's handmaidens. There's one particular scene that involves Dany and a handmaiden that I'm 100% positive they will include in the show, and if they kept Missandei's original age, that would be messed up!
I love the aged up Missandei, she is hot! So looking forward to Dany's arc this season! I can't freaking wait for Daario!
3854	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-16	I really like the "If I look back I am lost" thing. How can you hate that /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Its like hating Theons "Reek Reek it ryme with Weak" Or "You know Nothing Jon Snow" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I like those. They must remember who they really are.I agree that S3 Dany is way better than S2 Dany. The showrunners must have realized that they messed up last season, so they're trying to make up for this season. The forum is dark and full of angry posters. They must remember it, or they will learn it to their sorrow. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3855	Gannicus	2013-04-16	I love what they're doing with her. She's one cool chick.
D&D are clearly playing Dany as the champ and Stannis the chump. As a book reader I don't love that, but I can't fault them for making Dany awesome.
We'll see if they can save her next season or two.
3856	Er Rn	2013-04-16	Seems I'm the only one who just can't like her. Whenever a Daenerys-scene comes, I can only think ''BRING BACK THE OTHERSSSS.'' Didn't miss her in Episode 2 either. Though no one can deny the improvement of Show-Daenerys. Last season she was all ''I am this and this and this, so Imma be Queen of Westeros''. Blaaah.No, you're not the only one. I totally agree.
3857	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-16	I am liking her more this season also. I didn't dislike her in season 2, but her charactor was just bitching and moaning sooooooo much. Really looking forward to the next episode and slave army payment
3858	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I always liked her acting. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It was always clear to me she was a capable actress, just some of the material she had to work with was very poor in season 3. 
She went from frail, meek girl to Khaleesi in season 1 and it was wonderful.
3859	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	I love what they're doing with her. She's one cool chick.D&D are clearly playing Dany as the champ and Stannis the chump. As a book reader I don't love that, but I can't fault them for making Dany awesome.We'll see if they can save her next season or two.I dont love it either, but im getting over it.  I dont mind rooting for the villain.
3860	Honey Badger	2013-04-16	I so disagree here. Having Arstan storyline would have been awful for this medium. We all know who he is. WE CAN SEE HIM.True.  It's so weird how many readers get upset because they didn't do a "select all" "paste" regarding the adaptation.  It doesn't work, and it'd be boring.  The only way they could have hidden the actor in Whitebeard would be to make him look like Santa Claus with thick robes on to hide his build.  Completely comical and worthless if they did that.  I least in the books Dany never met the Kingsguard while Mormont couldn't put his finger on WB and it nagged at him.  The audience would be too fresh with the memory of Selmy.And I notice we're going through the exact same criticism with an HBO show.  "The first few episodes are slow but hopefully they'll pick up."  It's strange how many people misunderstand HBO's format for drama.
3861	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	True.  It's so weird how many readers get upset because they didn't do a "select all" "paste" regarding the adaptation.  It doesn't work, and it'd be boring.  The only way they could have hidden the actor in Whitebeard would be to make him look like Santa Claus with thick robes on to hide his build.  Completely comical and worthless if they did that.  I least in the books Dany never met the Kingsguard while Mormont couldn't put his finger on WB and it nagged at him.  The audience would be too fresh with the memory of Selmy.Definitely. Can you imagine? Also, the Barristan reveal straight away was so much cooler!
3862	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Her storyline is by far the highlight this year, and it looks like it will get even better. 
The writing is still not 100% right for her character, though. I'm looking forward to seeing how GRRM writes her in his episode.
3863	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Her storyline is by far the highlight this year, and it looks like it will get even better.The writing is still not 100% right for her character, though. I'm looking forward to seeing how GRRM writes her in his episode.Dany and Jaime/Brienne scenes have been my favourites so far this season /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm also looking forward to the GRRM episode! I really do like Clarke as Dany. And it would be nice for her to get some ace material.
3864	Reposado	2013-04-16	And I notice we're going through the exact same criticism with an HBO show.  "The first few episodes are slow but hopefully they'll pick up."  It's strange how many people misunderstand HBO's format for drama.sure, but its easy to worry after season two when they forgot to pick it up
3865	boojam	2013-04-16	I like show Dany in general better than book Dany.   She was my favorite storyline in season one, kinda meh in season two, and pretty cool in season three.I can't stand book Dany, I feel like she showed a lot of promise and growth in book one, then actually regressed as a character as the series went on.Another likeable thing about show Dany, is we don't have to be inside her head while she moons over Daario or says "if I look back I am lost" 3,000 times.That is an improvement !Well all the action takes place at Wall and in the East .BIg action that is. The travels-with are of equal fun.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 16 April 2013 - 01:00 PM.
3866	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Dany and Jaime/Brienne scenes have been my favourites so far this season /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm also looking forward to the GRRM episode! I really do like Clarke as Dany. And it would be nice for her to get some ace material.Yeah the Jaime/Brienne scenes have been great too. I like a lot of the scenes so far this season, actually - even Jon's scenes (although I don't think they're being handled right). Tyrion has been given far too much screentime, however, especially considering that he has done nothing of any purpose so far. His only important scenes were the ones with Tywin and the small council.I hope Dany is in Bryan Cogman's episode too - he's probably the closest the writing staff have to a "book purist". I think Clarke is a great Dany too - but she does best when the writing is lifted from the book. And I think she will be far better once Dany has an army; the scenes in the trailers with Dany marching at the head of the Unsullied look fantastic.
3867	Mendoza	2013-04-16	They've reduced Tyrion to some sort of comedy relief in King's Landing, yucking it up with Bronn over irrelevant matters. All the other characters seem to be doing a travel log without much story movement, thus, Dany's has been the most compelling in my view thus far in season three. I do think the locale in season three is a vast improvement for Dany, as well as her outfits. Her scenes are very cinematic.
3868	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Yeah the Jaime/Brienne scenes have been great too. I like a lot of the scenes so far this season, actually - even Jon's scenes (although I don't think they're being handled right). Tyrion has been given far too much screentime, however, especially considering that he has done nothing of any purpose so far. His only important scenes were the ones with Tywin and the small council.I hope Dany is in Bryan Cogman's episode too - he's probably the closest the writing staff have to a "book purist". I think Clarke is a great Dany too - but she does best when the writing is lifted from the book. And I think she will be far better once Dany has an army; the scenes in the trailers with Dany marching at the head of the Unsullied look fantastic.I've very much enjoyed the three first episodes so far. I agree with Tyrion. He actually has the most screen time of all the characters I think? And you're right, he hasn't even really done anything yet.Yes, I think the same goes with most actors, even though Dance is great in all his scenes, he was especially amazing in that Tyrion Casterly Rock scene lifted almost directly from the book.I agree, those scenes looked SO COOL in the trailers. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 16 April 2013 - 01:10 PM.
3869	protar	2013-04-16	I so disagree here. Having Arstan storyline would have been awful for this medium. We all know who he is. WE CAN SEE HIM.I'm not too bothered by the change and I can understand the reasoning, but there would still be the whole mystery of why Barristan is hiding his identity. Can he be trusted? And then of course it is his unveiling which very neatly leads into the reveal of Jorah's betrayal (which incidentally is a great example of a reveal that the audience already knew but is dramatic nonetheless.). They'll have to work out something else for the show and I fear it may not be as impactful.
3870	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Her storyline is by far the highlight this year, and it looks like it will get even better. The writing is still not 100% right for her character, though. I'm looking forward to seeing how GRRM writes her in his episode.You say this like there are other characters that are 100% right.  There are none, but I'd say Jamie is probably closest.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 April 2013 - 02:15 PM.
3871	Roose Seal	2013-04-16	I'm not too bothered by the change and I can understand the reasoning, but there would still be the whole mystery of why Barristan is hiding his identity. Can he be trusted? And then of course it is his unveiling which very neatly leads into the reveal of Jorah's betrayal (which incidentally is a great example of a reveal that the audience already knew but is dramatic nonetheless.). They'll have to work out something else for the show and I fear it may not be as impactful.What bothers me a little is that Jorah and Dany do not really have the relationship they have in the books, they don't seem as close for some reason, so I don't think the treason reveal will have as much impact.
3872	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Danny's storyline is one of the highlights of the season so far along with Brienne and Jaime. 
They really are doing well with the scenes in Astapor. I'm really looking forward to how her storyline is being developed in this season. 
Also they have really done well in making the slavers just not see the betrayal coming. Their arrogance and complete sidelining of her intellect really strengthens the reasons why they didn't see her taking attack coming. Actually can't wait for next week's episode to see her take Astapor.
3873	Hear me Meow	2013-04-16	D & D really tightened up the whole Day storyline this year.  I know Qarth was a tough translation to the screen, but IMO they are making up for it.  Dany is projecting strength and is once again someone I could see as blood of the dragon.  Her pokerface with the Ghisari is fantastic and her dressing down of Barristan and Mormot was excellent. For the first time in any single book or season of Game of Thrones I find myself looking forward to Dany's scenes over any other one.So agree with this. She is my favourite storyline this year, they are doing her really well.
3874	Rapsie	2013-04-16	What bothers me a little is that Jorah and Dany do not really have the relationship they have in the books, they don't seem as close for some reason, so I don't think the treason reveal will have as much impact.I don't know. I think the betrayal will still be shocking, but I really like the way they are introducing Jorah being jealous of anyone else being in her life other than him, with his slight hostility to Selmy.
3875	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Danny's storyline is one of the highlights of the season so far along with Brienne and Jaime. They really are doing well with the scenes in Astapor. I'm really looking forward to how her storyline is being developed in this season. Also they have really done well in making the slavers just not see the betrayal coming. Their arrogance and complete sidelining of her intellect really strengthens the reasons why they didn't see her taking attack coming. Actually can't wait for next week's episode to see her take Astapor.Loved seeing all of their faces this week.  I'll enjoy the before and after with my dvr next week.
3876	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Loved seeing all of their faces this week.  I'll enjoy the before and after with my dvr next week.The guy who plays the head slaver is wonderfully obnoxious. I really think it will be a great moment to see his reaction to her turning on them.
3877	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	I don't know. I think the betrayal will still be shocking, but I really like the way they are introducing Jorah being jealous of anyone else being in her life other than him, with his slight hostility to Selmy.Book Jorah has a tendecy of touching Dany "innocently", they should theow that in.  Maybehave Dany give him the "back thr eff up" stare.
3878	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	The guy who plays the head slaver is wonderfully obnoxious. I really think it will be a great moment to see his reaction to her turning on them.Some none readers at a deli I frequent today were going on and on about how they cant believe Dany's going to give up one of her dragons.
3879	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Some none readers at a deli I frequent today were going on and on about how they cant believe Dany's going to give up one of her dragons.It will be ace. My other half guessed she turn on them, but only because the promo shot for next week had a glimpse of Dany, her army and 3 Dragons.
3880	Miodrag	2013-04-16	Having Arstan storyline would have been awful for this medium. We all know who he is. WE CAN SEE HIM.True.  It's so weird how many readers get upset because they didn't do a "select all" "paste" regarding the adaptation.  It doesn't work, and it'd be boring.  The only way they could have hidden the actor in Whitebeard would be to make him look like Santa Claus with thick robes on to hide his build.  Completely comical and worthless if they did that.  I least in the books Dany never met the Kingsguard while Mormont couldn't put his finger on WB and it nagged at him.  The audience would be too fresh with the memory of Selmy.While dumping the Whitebeard sub-plot doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t look as a mistake <U+0080><U+0093> for now, at least <U+0080><U+0093> it doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t mean that sticking closer to the books would be bad. Yes, majority of the audience would recognize Ser Barristan: so what? As long as Daenerys doesn<U+0080><U+0099>t know who he is, everything can work so well.When the audience knows more than the characters do, it can create a really tense atmosphere, since the audience anticipates what<U+0080><U+0099>s going to happen once the secret is revealed. It<U+0080><U+0099>s called suspense, and Hitchcock used it to no end in his film, more than half a century ago. I guess it would<U+0080><U+0099>ve work just fine in GoT.Trying to hide Arstan<U+0080><U+0099>s true identity from viewers would<U+0080><U+0099>ve been stupid, of course, but there<U+0080><U+0099>s more than one solution to that problem. The one they chose is a legitimate one, for sure, but I<U+0080><U+0099>m a little sorry they didn<U+0080><U+0099>t went for the suspense. Maybe it would be hard to sell it for too many episodes, because suspense can break if overstretched, but I figure it could hold on for 3-4 weeks, and it would<U+0080><U+0099>ve been an interesting refreshment in the perpetual shock-therapy.
3881	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I understand Dramatic Irony very well, I just think they did the best thing with the Barristan reveal straight away.
3882	Miodrag	2013-04-16	I'm not too bothered by the change and I can understand the reasoning, but there would still be the whole mystery of why Barristan is hiding his identity. Can he be trusted? And then of course it is his unveiling which very neatly leads into the reveal of Jorah's betrayal (which incidentally is a great example of a reveal that the audience already knew but is dramatic nonetheless.). They'll have to work out something else for the show and I fear it may not be as impactful.Only now I saw your post, and realized mine is saying the very same thing.
3883	NedStark2013	2013-04-16	I know its likely some plot for revenge to the slavers But I would have liked to had seem Selmy Take off his belt and tan her hide. I mean Selmy Barristan taking that kind of lip from what a 15 year old.
3884	Dove	2013-04-16	Book Jorah has a tendecy of touching Dany "innocently", they should theow that in.  Maybehave Dany give him the "back thr eff up" stare.Haha. Book Jorah is really a major creeper, it didn't annoy me at all when he was sent away like it did some people.You get glimpses of it with Iain Glen Jorah from time to time but otherwise he's a lot more likeable. I can see people going "Wait why is Dany sending the handsome mentor figure away??"
3885	shiola	2013-04-16	Haha. Book Jorah is really a major creeper, it didn't annoy me at all when he was sent away like it did some people.You get glimpses of it with Iain Glen Jorah from time to time but otherwise he's a lot more likeable. I can see people going "Wait why is Dany sending the handsome mentor figure away??"Yeah, I think that's one of the problems with Iain.  He's fantastic as Jorah and I love him in the role.  But Dany's exiling him would be easier for viewers to swallow if he were ugly.  Sad but true.  I find him very pretty, Emilia too, and I like them on the show together.  Hopefully they can just make him a jealous asshole and then it will make sense.
3886	Broken Fox	2013-04-16	She's a lot better this year. It's just too bad Jon Snow is still the same dumbass from last season.
3887	shiola	2013-04-16	She's a lot better this year. It's just too bad Jon Snow is still the same dumbass from last season.I'm just so over Kit's portrayl of Jon at this point.
3888	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Haha. Book Jorah is really a major creeper, it didn't annoy me at all when he was sent away like it did some people.You get glimpses of it with Iain Glen Jorah from time to time but otherwise he's a lot more likeable. I can see people going "Wait why is Dany sending the handsome mentor figure away??"Same. I really dislike book Jorah but I love Glen haha it's so CONFUSING
3889	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I'm the only one that likes Kit, aren't I? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
(And not just because he's lovely to look at)
3890	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	She's a lot better this year. It's just too bad Jon Snow is still the same dumbass from last season.Dont get me started.... Kit doesnt even understand his role.
3891	Mark Antony	2013-04-16	I like Kit I just think the writers fucked his 2nd season and so far 3rd season storylines up pretty bad.
3892	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	I like Kit I just think the writers fucked his 2nd season and so far 3rd season storylines up pretty bad.But he was awful in season one, too. Maybe it's because Jon doesn't have any big "wow" moments, but Kit's portrayal has been consistently underwhelming.
3893	Roose Seal	2013-04-16	But he was awful in season one, too. Maybe it's because Jon doesn't have any big "wow" moments, but Kit's portrayal has been consistently underwhelming.I think it's mostly because he has about two facial expressions : gormless and slightly gormless
3894	Broken Fox	2013-04-16	It's possible the writers are just building Jon up for a big transformation. If not, well then the character is pretty much butchered. No one's gonna buy him becoming Lord Commander with the way he currently acts.
The funny thing is Kit Harington seems alright and more like Jon in real life than he does in the show /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
3895	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	*she whispers under breath* COME ON KIT, SHOW THEM
PLEASE GET BETTER, PLEAAASE
3896	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	It's possible the writers are just building Jon up for a big transformation. If not, well then the character is pretty much butchered. No one's gonna buy him becoming Lord Commander with the way he currently acts.The funny thing is Kit Harington seems alright and more like Jon in real life than he does in the show /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I made a thread on it last season and was directed to some quotes from him that show his views on Jon Snow and his motivations were just way off, and called him stupid.Im on a phone, but here's the url.http://asoiaf.wester...w/#entry3222005Here's the quotes:http://ohnotheydidnt...m/67203454.html
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 April 2013 - 05:15 PM.
3897	Dove	2013-04-16	I'm ambivalent towards him and his performance but Kit seems like a really cool dude irl, my mate ran into him at a video store and got a picture/autograph and got to talk with him a little bit. If nothing else he's a big hit with the ladies in our group, haha.
3898	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-16	Yes, Iain Glen is way too handsome to be playing Jorah /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. In the few scenes they've actually done of him trying to cozy up to Dany, it was not convincing to me that she would be all "eww, gross!" Sure, he's older, but come on!
3899	boojam	2013-04-16	The funny thing is Kit Harington seems alright and more like Jon in real life than he does in the show /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Well, one wonders, sometimes I have this feeling that D&D have a concept for a character and give instructions to stay in that character.Like our favorite Red Woman, that actress is a pro and has more range than appears on the screen... it's odd.So of the old vets and high talent actors , if given such orders, must not obey them. It's an old story in the history of movies.Something seems out of whack between Kit and Jon!
3900	ohpooratlas	2013-04-16	Show Dany is definitely more fierce this season.I'm very much looking forward to the next episode.  It's such a big moment though, so I hope her storyline doesn't start to fizzle down afterwards.And people are railing on Kit already?  He's had maybe a total of ten minutes of screen time this season so far.  Though I kind of feel that everything beyond the wall has been kind of underwhelming this season.
3901	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Yes, Iain Glen is way too handsome to be playing Jorah /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. In the few scenes they've actually done of him trying to cozy up to Dany, it was not convincing to me that she would be all "eww, gross!" Sure, he's older, but come on!lol it so annoys me to be attracted to JORAH ugh, he's so irritating in the books haha.
3902	shiola	2013-04-16	Yes, Iain Glen is way too handsome to be playing Jorah /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. In the few scenes they've actually done of him trying to cozy up to Dany, it was not convincing to me that she would be all "eww, gross!" Sure, he's older, but come on!I was sitting there like "KISSSSSS DAMN YOU" during some of the Qarth scenes, age gap be damned.  When 
	Spoiler he kissed her in the books I was actually excited because I still had my blinders on from the show, as it were.
  The show makes it hard to remember that he's a creep, what with that sexy yellow shirt and his dirty scruffs.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 16 April 2013 - 08:01 PM.
3903	Talbot	2013-04-16	I actually have quite enjoyed Dany's scenes this season. I don't think they've been the "best" (that goes to Jaime/Brienne for me), but they're more intriguing than last year's mess of a storyline. I'm really digging where I think this season is going to go for her, Jorah and Selmy, especially if/when we get to see the two old knights battle in Yunkai. The only line I didn't like was "But we are not men". A little too forced and cheesy for my liking. Anyways.
Definitely impressed so far, but we'll see. I just don't like Dany's character in the books, and doubt the show will change that, but I like her scenes, the locales and her supports.
3904	victim	2013-04-16	We're talking about some of Dany's best material here, of course the scenes are good. It won't change how dull she was during Season 2 (probably Meereen too).
3905	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	-but she does best when the writing is lifted from the book.Actually I think that goes for all the scenes in the show so far. There aren't many invented scenes that don't seem 'off' somehow. Some work really well but a lot don't. I have heard show watchers saying as much "That scene with 'X' in it seemed different somehow.." I'd argue that that is the problem with all of Ros's scenes. The actor doesn't have the book, or advisers who know the book, to fall back to for advice as to how the scene should be played out.
3906	shiola	2013-04-16	We're talking about some of Dany's best material here, of course the scenes are good. It won't change how dull she was during Season 2 (probably Meereen too).She was dull in 2, and is good now, yes.  That is the point of the thread.  To discuss improvement.  No need to be a wet blanket and complain about things that haven't happened yet.
3907	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	Regardless of the dullness of the material, an actor can improve it or at least not annoy. Emilia seems to have improved so far, at least to me, and they've thankfully done a great job of adapting those early scenes to be enjoyable even though almost nothing really happens when  you think about it (yet).
3908	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	Book Dany essentially was marking time a lot as events unfolded in Westeros, and I think it weakened her character.  The need for the show to condense/omit some things in the interest of time should result in less filler, and more focus.  That should help.
Kit Harrington...I found book Jon pretty obnoxious/immature much of the time, so I actually think they're doing a pretty good job with him so far.
3909	Dove	2013-04-16	Dany the Conqueror is the best Dany by far. Let's just focus on how amazing this season is going to be and... not think about Meereen. (but I do think they've learned from their S2 writing and they'll be able to spruce up Meereen)Missandei seems promising as a sidekick, too. It's a shame Irri and Jhiqui not being around means omitting one of the best exchanges in Dany's story:"It is known.""It is not known!"
3910	Nictarion	2013-04-16	I'm the only one that likes Kit, aren't I? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> (And not just because he's lovely to look at)I like Kit as Jon just fine. I think he get criticized unfairly.  To me he is pretty close to book Jon. People that expected some charismatic type character on the show are fooling themselves,  that is not how book Jon is written.
3911	Broken Fox	2013-04-16	It goes way beyond that. But it's not all Harington's fault, the writers have butchered that part of the story.
Hoping for a turn around.
3912	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	It's a shame Irri and Jhiqui not being around means omitting one of the best exchanges in Dany's story:"It is known.""It is not known!"Agreed.Sob
3913	victim	2013-04-16	I like Kit as Jon just fine. I think he get criticized unfairly.  To me he is pretty close to book Jon. People that expected some charismatic type character on the show are fooling themselves,  that is not how book Jon is written.I also think Kit's very good and unfairly criticized. My brother, who hasn't read the books, thinks Jon's the best character, and my non-book reader friends like him quite a bit too,The thing is, Jon's an extremely internal character. He's not a charismatic man by any means, nor should he be, but reading his inner-commentary on events is truly fascinating, which makes him a better character than he seems to be in the show. He doesn't have nearly enough screentime because of their choice in location* and his true character doesn't really come across. It's nothing against Kit because I feel like Jon is a very slow-building character who doesn't really come into his own until ADwD anyway - if that gets pulled off, it'll all be fine.*I explained why I think filming in Iceland is detrimental in this thread: http://asoiaf.wester...farewell-mance/
3914	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	Am I the only one that thinks Kit Harington sounds out of breath everytime he delivers a line? Maybe that's just his actual voice, but he sounds like he just ran a marathon. "Ahm Ned Stahk's bahsterd!"
3915	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	*she whispers under breath* COME ON KIT, SHOW THEMPLEASE GET BETTER, PLEAAASEI thought Kit had gotten better. His lines in the tent with Mance Rayder were well delivered imo
3916	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	They've reduced Tyrion to some sort of comedy relief in King's Landing, yucking it up with Bronn over irrelevant matters.Not quite. While the scene with Pod may have been goofy, we were also introduced to the iron Bank of Braavos, which will have huge relevance later on.
3917	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	Jon/kit's problem isnt lack of charisma.  That's mance/tormund.  His problems start at 1) way too needy 2) indecisive 3) consistently disrespected 4) no ghost.  For starters.  
Some of this is problems with the writing, some is problems with the actor.  Kit said himself that Book Jon was stupid and had no foresight, those are qualities he tries to bring out in his portrayal. Jon is not stupid and does consider ramifications of his actions.
3918	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-17	I like Kit as Jon just fine. I think he get criticized unfairly.  To me he is pretty close to book Jon. People that expected some charismatic type character on the show are fooling themselves,  that is not how book Jon is written.I thought Kit had gotten better. His lines in the tent with Mance Rayder were well delivered imo I agree /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3919	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-17	I thought this was about Dany
3920	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	I thought this was about DanyIt became a bit of a free-for-all. Last season, despite all her proclamations, she seemed falsely confident.  This season it seems more real.  Im really hoping they keep the crucified slaves and slavers.
3921	Tadco26	2013-04-17	Well Jon's season 2 story line was the second most butchered behind Dany's in season 2.  Dany has been much better this season.  Jon has improved as well, though part of that is just giving him minimal dialogue.  I don't really blame the actor though, the story line was a pretty poor adaptation that makes him look like a bumbling idiot who lucks into the right situations rather than a hero who will become commander of the Nights Watch.  Likewise there wasn't much any actress could do with dialogue from season 2 that included Dany asking to be let into Qarth so her people won't starve, and THEN threatening to come back after her dragons had grown and burn the city to the ground when she was refused entry.  Good luck doing that after starving to death...
3922	Mulled Wino	2013-04-17	Well Jon's season 2 story line was the second most butchered behind Dany's in season 2.  Dany has been much better this season.  Jon has improved as well, though part of that is just giving him minimal dialogue.  I don't really blame the actor though, the story line was a pretty poor adaptation that makes him look like a bumbling idiot who lucks into the right situations rather than a hero who will become commander of the Nights Watch.  Likewise there wasn't much any actress could do with dialogue from season 2 that included Dany asking to be let into Qarth so her people won't starve, and THEN threatening to come back after her dragons had grown and burn the city to the ground when she was refused entry.  Good luck doing that after starving to death..."Who stole the 3 most valuable items in the world from me?!?!?!??!!""I did, let me give you my address to come pick them up, twas just for shits and giggles"
3923	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Likewise there wasn't much any actress could do with dialogue from season 2 that included Dany asking to be let into Qarth so her people won't starve, and THEN threatening to come back after her dragons had grown and burn the city to the ground when she was refused entry.  Good luck doing that after starving to death...To be fair, the Spice King did point out the stupidity of that statement. Dany was also pretty desperate at that point.That was some of the better dialog during her season 2 storyline. The endless "I had nothing, truly, nothing" and "I will not marry you" discussions were much worse.They seem to be avoiding that sort of thing this season. The Jorah-Barristan-Dany dialog last episode was excellent.
3924	Tadco26	2013-04-17	Really Dany isn't so stupid that anyone should have to point it out to her.  That being some of the better dialogue just shows how bad the writing was for her in season 2 and it would be tough for any actress to do much with those types of lines.
3925	boojam	2013-04-17	Really Dany isn't so stupid that anyone should have to point it out to her.  That being some of the better dialogue just shows how bad the writing was for her in season 2 and it would be tough for any actress to do much with those types of lines.Dave and Dan had their hands full S2 with cramming CoK into ten hours, I guess they just gave up on the Dany chapters, it sure seemed their attention was elsewhere....setting up Blackwater must have been a chore. It's almost as if they instructed the filming crew to do only a minimal number of takes , because even some of the bad dialog could have been delivered better in more takes.
3926	Harrad	2013-04-15	One has to question whether there is evolution in the GoT Universe, since the Gods are so nearby..but nevertheless the Awards are warranted whatever name they go under.
My first nominee is the slave army trader in Astapor. First he speaks insulting Valyrian in front of the heir of the Valyrian dynasty that took over Westeros. How does he know that she is that heir? She's the only one in the Universe with fricking Dragons, that's how. Then he trades his entire army...emphasize "entire"...for a Dragon, that is supremely loyal to his Mother, and with the word, Dracarys will burn everyone in sight, his Mother being immune.
I don't know what will happen in the GoT, and I forget the details in the book, but the prediction is that the slave army trader will soon be handed his Darwin Award, probably episode 4.
3927	RhymesWithChic	2013-04-15	From previous seasons -- Viserys, naturally. Drunkenly threatening a savage army in their sacred city on the grounds of "but I'm the rightful king and I want it NOW."
					
					
							Edited by RhymesWithChic, 15 April 2013 - 01:54 PM.
3928	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Robb Stark, for not marrying the Frey girl
Ned Stark, for telling Cersei he was going to dob on her.
The Mountain's Horse for trying to... o wait, he was trying to continue his line....
3929	Pilz	2013-04-15	Viscerys is the obvious winner.  There is also poor Egg (Aegon IV), who I believe burns himself up trying to activate a dragon egg.
3930	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Viserys is the winner, threatning blood thirsty savages in their own city, by himself.
Lord Eddard for telling Queen Cersei his plan, that was stupid.
M.M.D. for, "poisoning" Khal Drogo. Did she think she was going to live after that foolishness?
3931	Iotun	2013-04-15	Viserys is the winner, threatning blood thirsty savages in their own city, by himself.Lord Eddard for telling Queen Cersei his plan, that was stupid.M.M.D. for, "poisoning" Khal Drogo. Did she think she was going to live after that foolishness?I don't think M.M.D cared whether she lived or not by that point. When Dany tells her that she saved her life, she tells her to look at her Khal to see what life is worth when everything else is gone.
3932	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	Egg was Aegon V.M.M.D. for, "poisoning" Khal Drogo. Did she think she was going to live after that foolishness?She knew her life would be forfeit and didn't care.  Her life had been destroyed and she decided to spend what remained of it taking out the Stallion who Mounts the World, so in her eyes it was a noble sacrifice.I have to agree on the Viserys consensus.  Ned is a distant second, and Kraznys is somewhere on the list.
3933	Ice Turtle	2013-04-15	Heavy book spoilers:
1, Tywin Lannister - Now I'm going to anger my son I has abused his whole life, never mind I has recently sentenced him to death or that he is currently holding a loaded crossbow.
2, Viserys - Kill khal's unborn child, why not?
3, Ned - I'll tell Cersei my plan, what could go wrong?
4, Quentyn - I has this great idea, let's steal a dragon.
5, Bowen March - The best time to kill someone is while surrounded by his supporters.
					
					
							Edited by Ice Turtle, 15 April 2013 - 05:06 PM.
3934	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Besides those mentioned, Lommy and Oberyn's gloating come to mind.
3935	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Nothing will compare with Quentyn for me.
3936	Jalapenohitchhiker	2013-04-15	No one's mentioned Catelyn Stark? "The Kingslayer is one of our deadliest enemies. I think I'll betray my son's trust and send this guy to King's Landing with only one person to make sure he stays true to his word and returns my daughters. What could possibly go wrong?"
3937	Is He Dead Yet?	2013-04-15	Basically, anyone with the name Stark.
3938	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Actually I would still have to give it to Ned Stark over all. Not only did he get himself the chop, he has done a bang up job of ensuring his entire line is jeopardised.
3939	Jalapenohitchhiker	2013-04-15	Oh I almost forgot. Rhaegar Targaryen! Great fighter, noble, valiant, lovely singing voice.... and pretty much single-handedly set off the domino effect leading to Robert's Rebellion by running off with Lyanna (again, a Stark is involved)
3940	Dove	2013-04-15	Quentyn and Viserys are probably the two most idiotic characters for me.
"Yep just gonna draw a sword in a city where steel is forbidden to threaten the already beloved unborn child of a bloodthirsty barbarian king... oh noooo what's happening"
3941	lannistergold	2013-04-17	King Robert's a worthy candidate, what with his drunken boar hunting.
3942	cuendillar	2013-04-17	King Robert's a worthy candidate, what with his drunken boar hunting.In all honesty, he had help with the drunkenness that time. The strongwine was made more potent than usually in order to provoke a "hunting accident". Sure, noone forced him to drink it but neither did they tell him it was 'reinforced'. Normal wine probably didn't affect him too much, so there wasn't really any way he could have anticipating getting into trouble with the boar.
3943	victim	2013-04-17	Imry Florent.
3944	Sodd	2013-04-17	Viscerys is the obvious winner.  There is also poor Egg (Aegon IV), who I believe burns himself up trying to activate a dragon egg.Quentyn and Viserys are the winnersEgg (who was V. btw, IV. was Aegon the Unworthy) not that much, as we don't know what happened exactly, what he was trying to achieve, and how the fire started... but going with that line Aerion Targaryen should be in the top 3 for sureAlso Cersei would be a strong candidate
					
					
							Edited by Sodd, 17 April 2013 - 06:04 AM.
3945	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-17	Already mentioned in the show: Lord Luthor Tyrell. What an oaf.
3946	Sodd	2013-04-17	Already mentioned in the show: Lord Luthor Tyrell. What an oaf.No, no, Tyrion's solution must have been the real deal /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3947	Abaddon	2013-04-17	Nothing will compare with Quentyn for me.This.  He wins... hands down.  So far /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3948	Rhasgul	2013-04-17	Kraznys mo Nakloz, Quentyn and Viserys in my opinion /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3949	Joyful Union	2013-04-17	Quentyn obviously.That guy who tried to kill Drogon single-handedlyFucking Arys "Whynotchargethislargegroupofsoldierssinglehandedlyfornoreason" Oakheart. What a dumbass.Kraznys, for being the worst business man ever.The original Reek, for swapping clothes with RamsayOberyn Martell as well,
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 17 April 2013 - 07:14 AM.
3950	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-17	Quentyn & Viserys hands down get this award. 
But since we are sticking to GOT world, then it's Viserys (until Quentyn arrives).
3951	teemo	2013-04-14	So, any real point to this scene except for an excuse to see nudity?  I actually thought there was some kind of purpose to it when the whores didn't take Pod's money, but apparently it was supposed to be funny.  I do like seeing more of Pod, however.  I guess any way to introduce him is a good way?  He'll be with Brienne eventually now, I assume - good sign /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Ran's analysis: http://www.westeros....ilers/#Analysis
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 12:30 PM.
3952	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	Meh, that whole scene was gratuitous beyond repair. First I thought Pod didn't have to pay becuase he chickened out, then I thought LF gave him "one on the house" for bits of information about Tyrion, but there're a better informants than poor, stuttering Pod. So I guess he's really such a skilled lover even whores want to be with him. Way to go, kid.
3953	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-15	Don't be such a fuddy-duddy, I liked it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
My theory (which I saw in the recap in wicnet) is that Tyrion paid them on the side for the whole "we can't charge you after such sweet lovin'",
3954	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-15	Don't be such a fuddy-duddy, I liked it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />My theory (which I saw in the recap in wicnet) is that Tyrion paid them on the side for the whole "we can't charge you after such sweet lovin'",Yup. That's my take.
3955	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Or rather LF did /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Tyrion seemed to be genuinely surprised.
3956	Delmas	2013-04-15	Hilarious scene imo, bronn and tyrion are like you fucked the whores for free?  They need to know how.
Furthermore I felt it was there as pod is a strong presence throughout the books, helps to build his character.
We know now he is either well hung or a master with the tongue.
					
					
							Edited by Delmas, 15 April 2013 - 03:52 AM.
3957	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	Pod having to give Tyrion and Bronn the birds and bees talk, or at least some additional information, was priceless.
Too bad I saw that future scene with Mell and Dondarion,  or I would have said that Mel was on her way to KL to have Pod's super shadow babies.
3958	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-15	Don't be such a fuddy-duddy, I liked it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />My theory (which I saw in the recap in wicnet) is that Tyrion paid them on the side for the whole "we can't charge you after such sweet lovin'",... Oh.  Now i have learnt something. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Tyrion and Bronn seemed surprised but they are good actors though.
3959	Pellaeon	2013-04-15	My theory: A gift from Ros, a thanks that he saved Tyrion, who, like LF said, made sure she was save
3960	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Well I guess I know what the P's are in: Like P's in a Pod.
 /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 15 April 2013 - 04:02 AM.
3961	teemo	2013-04-15	I just read Ran's (I think it's Ran's?) analysis of it and really like it - http://www.westeros....ilers/#Analysis
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 04:14 AM.
3962	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I just Ran's (I think it's Ran's?) analysis of it and really like it - http://www.westeros....ilers/#AnalysisThe teenager link they posted was hilarious.
3963	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	I think the scene will have some meaning later on - when the LF plot gets more exposure. Maybe Pod blurted out something while being... entertained? I really would think more and more the "payment" was Littlefinger's bit.
3964	greensleeves	2013-04-15	I just read Ran's (I think it's Ran's?) analysis of it and really like it - http://www.westeros....ilers/#AnalysisThat's perfectly spot on.  I get that they need to break the tension, but it was pretty horrible.  The final joke fell flat.  Also to add an in-your-face yet pointless mystery (who paid the prostitutes?) that I had to think about in order to make sense of the scene...  worst part of the episode by far.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 15 April 2013 - 04:23 AM.
3965	teemo	2013-04-15	It probably seemed much funnier on paper...but I was more like...huh? You wasted 7 minutes or so on that?
3966	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Not everything needs "a point". When you get down to it, everything in the story that doesn't involve the threat of the White Walkers is filler in any case.
But I thought that it was funny, and it brought a good dose of humor to the show, which it's going to sorely need as we get further on in the season.
Also, its nice to flesh out Pod more.
3967	teemo	2013-04-15	I guess my sense of humor is lame.  I didn't find it funny or clever at all...
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 04:26 AM.
3968	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I guess my sense of humor is lame.  I didn't find it funny or clever at all...Ah, you missed the episode's inside humor.See, GRRM was stuck in the Meereneese Knot, when Pod's scene with 3 naked women untied him. Thus we got ADWD./end sarcasm
3969	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Not everything needs "a point". When you get down to it, everything in the story that doesn't involve the threat of the White Walkers is filler in any case.Disagree. While I don't know author's final aim (obviously), I would think it will be more akin to Babylon 5 story - with both the "mystical" conflict (Shadows vs. Vorlons in B5, Ice and Fire here) and the "game of Thrones" (B5 rebellion against Earth; GoT here) have equal weight. And characters ignoring either of these will get it rough.
3970	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	It was a bit pointless, and the nudity was once again gratuitious, but it entertained me enough to the point where I didn't mind it's inclusion.
To be honest, I think reading the books has caused the inability of many of us to simply relax, let loose and watch what's unfolding in front of us. We're always fretting about when certain events will occur, or trying to analyze every single aspect of a scene, assessing it's relevance and importance to the overall plot. Sometimes, it's fun to just let all that go, and simply try to forget that you've read the books. The plot doesn't necessarily have to run a mile a minute. Hell, us readers sometimes analyze everything on the show even more than TV critics! 
Case in point: Breaking Bad's pilot has a scene where Skyler gives her husband a half-assed handjob while surfing for deals on eBay. Is it highly important character development? No. Is it crucial to the plot? No. Is it well-done and entertaining enough to watch? Absolutely. There's no reason why Game of Thrones should be held to a different standard when it comes to deciding whether throwaway comedy scenes should be included or not. Personally, I didn't find the Pod scene that funny(the funniest part was "Lord Twatbeard", and that wasn't even related to Pod), but getting so worked up over it is a bit of an overreaction.
3971	Dove	2013-04-15	It was a bit pointless, and the nudity was once again gratuitious, but it entertained me enough to the point where I didn't mind it's inclusion.To be honest, I think reading the books has caused the inability of many of us to simply relax, let loose and watch what's unfolding in front of us. We're always fretting about when certain events will occur, or trying to analyze every single aspect of a scene, assessing it's relevance and importance to the overall plot. Sometimes, it's fun to just let all that go, and simply try to forget that you've read the books. The plot doesn't necessarily have to run a mile a minute. Hell, us readers sometimes analyze everything on the show even more than TV critics!Exactly this. Sometimes a dumb but funny Bronn/Tyrion/Pod scene is just a dumb but funny Bronn/Tyrion/Pod scene. Whether you found it funny or not is subjective but it's pretty obvious that we as fans tend to over-analyze and severely scrutinize stuff if we have multiple written 'interpretations' of what could just be a goofy bromance kind of scene. I mean, maybe there's more but it's totally okay if there isn't either - when you've got shit like Theon and Brienne nearly getting raped and Jaime's hand getting chopped right after it it's okay to just have some levity for the sake of levity.And I laughed out loud like a dork at "Meereenese knot" so hey that's one plus for all us booknerds.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 04:57 AM.
3972	Jojosh	2013-04-15	It was a nice scene from character you wouldn't see much of from otherwise. Plus it gives us more Bron(whose a really good character in the show) so no problem from me
3973	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-04-15	Shakespeare interrupts Macbeth with a drunken porter who complains that he can't get an erection. Sometimes humour is just humour.
3974	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-15	all i could think was Pod for the Win! i thought it was funny, could have been used to take up time since they seem to be going through the plots really quickly or is that just me?
3975	greensleeves	2013-04-15	It was a bit pointless, and the nudity was once again gratuitious, but it entertained me enough to the point where I didn't mind it's inclusion.To be honest, I think reading the books has caused the inability of many of us to simply relax, let loose and watch what's unfolding in front of us. We're always fretting about when certain events will occur, or trying to analyze every single aspect of a scene, assessing it's relevance and importance to the overall plot. Sometimes, it's fun to just let all that go, and simply try to forget that you've read the books. The plot doesn't necessarily have to run a mile a minute. Hell, us readers sometimes analyze everything on the show even more than TV critics!Case in point: Breaking Bad's pilot has a scene where Skyler gives her husband a half-assed handjob while surfing for deals on eBay. Is it highly important character development? No. Is it crucial to the plot? No. Is it well-done and entertaining enough to watch? Absolutely. There's no reason why Game of Thrones should be held to a different standard when it comes to deciding whether throwaway comedy scenes should be included or not. Personally, I didn't find the Pod scene that funny(the funniest part was "Lord Twatbeard", and that wasn't even related to Pod), but getting so worked up over it is a bit of an overreaction.No.  I like scenes that take a break from the fast paced plots and I don't mind changes from the books (quite the opposite... the changes make the wait for WoW more interesting).  However, the Pod scenes fell completely flat and pretty much forced me into over analyzing them.  Who paid for the whores?  What were their motivations? ick.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 15 April 2013 - 09:03 AM.
3976	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	No.  I like scenes that take a break from the fast paced plots and I don't mind changes from the books (quite the opposite... the changes make the wait for WoW more interesting).  However, the Pod scenes fell completely flat and in pretty much forced me into over analyzing them.  Who paid for the whores?  What were there motivations? ick.I highly doubt it was intended to be a big mystery. Either Pod is lying and never slept with them, or it was LF's way to settle his debt with Tyrion, which I'm very skeptical of. And what possible motivations could the whores have? Their job is to fuck people for money. They just do what they're told. I highly doubt they have some other underlying motives.
3977	greensleeves	2013-04-15	I highly doubt it was intended to be a big mystery. Either Pod is lying and never slept with them, or it was LF's way to settle his debt with Tyrion, which I'm very skeptical of. And what possible motivations could the whores have? Their job is to fuck people for money. They just do what they're told. I highly doubt they have some other underlying motives.I didn't want to think about it... but I was pretty much forced to in order to make sense of the scene.  They even drag it out for you... Tyrion starts asking question after question. Urgh.  I don't mind doing some critical thinking, but I prefer to do it on interesting topics that build on the characters.Anyways the most light hearted moments of the night were with Hotpie and the small council.
3978	greensleeves	2013-04-15	Edit: I was also referring to the motivations of the characters (not the whores).  Sorry that was unclear.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 15 April 2013 - 06:20 AM.
3979	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Anyways the most light hearted moments of the night were with Hotpie and the small council. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Hot Pie and Arya's farewell was adorable
3980	Warhawk137	2013-04-15	I liked it.
I think the people who dislike it because it MUST be evidence of a hugely plot-important conspiracy are way overanalyzing it.
3981	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I am concerned about the emphasis being put on Pod. I thought the emphasis in the books were too much. I mean Daenaerys hasn't given her bloodriders any freebies down the local knocking shop.
3982	valerio	2013-04-15	What's the plot-importance of the hundreds of pages describing foods and banquets in the books then.
3983	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	I liked it.I think the people who dislike it because it MUST be evidence of a hugely plot-important conspiracy are way overanalyzing it.But there is a plot in the brewing.People already forgot about the penny tax. Another episode in which we can expect some ample bosoms on display.Will Pod be required to pay the tax, even if he gets the action for free?!?
3984	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I loved it!  Pod is one of my favorite characters, and the look on his face was priceless.  One thing I didn't get....why was the money returned?  Just that Pod is so precious?
3985	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	I taught it was hilarious! 
I really wonder where it is going though.
3986	MaHaBone	2013-04-15	Thought it was total filler.  Mildly funny, and it hit the boob quota, but it wasted precious time on fluff that didn't move the story.
If Littlefinger was fishing secrets out of Pod, he wouldn't have let him keep the money.  Too suspicious.
If Tyrion set the whole thing up to make Pod feel like a man (shades of Tysha?) then well, it was cute, but still pretty pointless.
If Pod really is the God of Lovers... okay?  I guess?
3987	Kaldaur	2013-04-15	Ran's analysis is pedantic and annoying, similar to many of the other reviews this site has seen fit to release. This is a television show, built for a completely different medium than a series of novels. The truth is, the showrunners have been doing an excellent job of conveying the source material to us in a way that stays predominantly true to the books--if they have to also fulfill a stupid HBO requirement for pointless sex, so be it. No one here should be surprised that this requirement is there, and while other HBO shows like The Wire managed to move away from that nudity in later seasons, Game of Thrones has not. We just have to accept that's the way it is and enjoy the episodes we're given. Frankly, Pod's scene was funny and added some levity to an episode where a guy got his hand chopped off. There has to be some balance, especially as the season moves toward its conclusion. These scenes do not diminish the story; they just provide tangents for viewers to release some of their tension and worry.
3988	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Ran's analysis is pedantic and annoying, similar to many of the other reviews this site has seen fit to release. This is a television show, built for a completely different medium than a series of novels. The truth is, the showrunners have been doing an excellent job of conveying the source material to us in a way that stays predominantly true to the books--if they have to also fulfill a stupid HBO requirement for pointless sex, so be it. No one here should be surprised that this requirement is there, and while other HBO shows like The Wire managed to move away from that nudity in later seasons, Game of Thrones has not. We just have to accept that's the way it is and enjoy the episodes we're given. Frankly, Pod's scene was funny and added some levity to an episode where a guy got his hand chopped off. There has to be some balance, especially as the season moves toward its conclusion. These scenes do not diminish the story; they just provide tangents for viewers to release some of their tension and worry.Well, Patrick Stewart has given his point of view. 'Engage!'
3989	Tadco26	2013-04-15	I agree with Ran's analysis.  It's a problem the show has had since season 1.  It's not that their is anything wrong with sex scenes, the problem is that they cover the average chapter of material in 3-5 minutes.  Having ~7 minutes focused on this scene is like Martin spending ~2 full chapters on a sex scene, rather than 1-2 pages or less which is typically the case.  There are also, as many defenders of the sex scenes like to point out, many sex scenes actually in the books to choose from.  There shouldn't be such a need to make up new ones.  And the writers reminding us how they don't have time to keep other parts of the book falls flat when the add such pointlessly long scenes to the show.  Having said all that, it was mildly entertaining, well acted, and if they had 16 or even 12 episodes instead of 10 I wouldn't have minded it nearly as much.  It's more a matter of there being more important and interesting story lines to follow, and a lack of time to show them all that bothers me.
3990	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	No purpose that I can see other than to waste time better spent on relevant plot points.  I don't understand why they would devote so much time to a gratuitous scene like that, that provides no character insight or reveal or moves the plot forward in any way.
3991	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-15	The show is for entertainment purposes. I was entertained by the second half of the scene regardless of how many min they spent setting it up. The show and books are separate things and judging them as one is silly. I have many friends who have not read the books and love the show so D&D must be doing something right.
3992	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-15	I'm thinking that the "real" reason the money was returned was because Tyrion helped keep Ros safe. They just mentioned this before the scene.
Not sure if Tyrion realized this or not, maybe he was just playing along to build up Pod and make Bronn think "wtf"
3993	Kittykatknits	2013-04-15	Ran presents my feelings on this pretty well:I can<U+0080><U+0099>t say Game of Thrones manages it, however, especially given signs that at least one unnamed producer on the show makes a point of wanting as much nudity on display as possible when a scene provides an opportunity. The show is trying too hard to be <U+0080><U+009C>adult<U+0080><U+009D>, and in the process seems to be embracing some of the things it has been most criticized for.Not a fan of the scene, it's just another example of the sex being depicted from a male, heterosexual point of view. Three prostitutes (Cause two just ain't enough!), Bronn being told to use his mouth in the first episode, women repeatedly taking of their clothes to entice fully dressed men, and the whore being slowly unwrapped like a present in the Blackwater episode. Plus, we get the benefit of knowing all this is done to make the "perverts in the audience" happy.I'd be perfectly fine with more sex and nudity in the show if it wasn't always depicted in this manner.
3994	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Ran presents my feelings on this pretty well:Not a fan of the scene, it's just another example of the sex being depicted from a male, heterosexual point of view. Three prostitutes (Cause two just ain't enough!), Bronn being told to use his mouth in the first episode, women repeatedly taking of their clothes to entice fully dressed men, and the whore being slowly unwrapped like a present in the Blackwater episode. Plus, we get the benefit of knowing all this is done to make the "perverts in the audience" happy.I'd be perfectly fine with more sex and nudity in the show if it wasn't always depicted in this manner.Yes, I'd be less snarky about this pointless throw in if the women got some gratuitous sex scenes as well. (Renly and Loras from S1 is a good example)It only seems fair.Btw, your sig, I was thinking about it when Dany said "Yes all men must die, but we are not men." Just hilarious.
3995	Kittykatknits	2013-04-15	Yes, I'd be less snarky about this pointless throw in if the women got some gratuitous sex scenes as well. (Renly and Loras from S1 is a good example)It only seems fair.Btw, your sig, I was thinking about it when Dany said "Yes all men must die, but we are not men."Just hilarious.The Renly and Loras scenes happen to be my favorite in the series actually. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> An adult couple in a consenting and loving relationship, I enjoyed their time together and could have had more of it. Ned and Cat got cut in the first season (they only cuddled!), the Robb/Talisa scene still had her completely undress while we got a shot of his back. I'd shut up about the issue if women got some scenes too. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> We just don't for some reason.As to the sig, it's from a thread last year filled with some hilarious comments. This one by PS had me laughing so hard that I ended up adopting it.
3996	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Meh, that whole scene was gratuitous beyond repair. First I thought Pod didn't have to pay becuase he chickened out, then I thought LF gave him "one on the house" for bits of information about Tyrion, but there're a better informants than poor, stuttering Pod. So I guess he's really such a skilled lover even whores want to be with him. Way to go, kid.The scene was to cover the, "T and A" portion of the episode, since there were none the week before.Also, it was good to see men talking as men do at the end. It reminds me of the opening scene from the movie, "Lead Belly."
3997	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Ran presents my feelings on this pretty well:Not a fan of the scene, it's just another example of the sex being depicted from a male, heterosexual point of view. Three prostitutes (Cause two just ain't enough!), Bronn being told to use his mouth in the first episode, women repeatedly taking of their clothes to entice fully dressed men, and the whore being slowly unwrapped like a present in the Blackwater episode. Plus, we get the benefit of knowing all this is done to make the "perverts in the audience" happy.I'd be perfectly fine with more sex and nudity in the show if it wasn't always depicted in this manner.It's for the folks who like T and A . . . go easy now, the show isn't, "Spartacus Porn and Blood" by far.
3998	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-15	The Renly and Loras scenes happen to be my favorite in the series actually. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> An adult couple in a consenting and loving relationship, I enjoyed their time together and could have had more of it. Ned and Cat got cut in the first season (they only cuddled!), the Robb/Talisa scene still had her completely undress while we got a shot of his back. I'd shut up about the issue if women got some scenes too. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> We just don't for some reason.As to the sig, it's from a thread last year filled with some hilarious comments. This one by PS had me laughing so hard that I ended up adopting it.Yes, why didn't we get the "it was a good ache" scene? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Ned and Cat's kiss goodbye is one of the most tender, heartfelt displays of love on the show. We didn't need a full-on sex scene with them, but maybe a little more than cuddling.The naked whores are a bit much on this show. And I am not a prude at all, in any way. Presenting Pod with one whore would have been enough. In a show where minutes are valuable, think of all the time taken up by introducing three naked women.I didn't mind Theon and the boat girl, as it showed a bit of Theon's personality, and at least the scene is from the books.The nudity for nudity's sake rep of the show is so bad, that when I tell people I'm a fan of the books and have read them a few times, I get "Oh, because of all the sex!" and I have to explain that there really isn't that much sex in the books.Back around to the Pod scene - there's another thread on this that gives a good explanation of how the scene establishes why Pod is so loyal to Tyrion. It's a good analysis. But still, we really didn't need three naked whores.
3999	jarl the climber	2013-04-15	Pod stays loyal to Tyrion throught the book even after he flees. So they are kind of laying the groundwork for that. This is the sort of thing an older man would do for a young protege to reward him and insure his continued loyalty. So while the scene might seem gratuitious its also a psychological ploy on Tyrions part to bind Pod to him. Being an older guy and introducing a younger guy to the world of women really does give the older guy a suprising amount of influence over the younger fellow. Street gangs and othe organisations use this technique in their recruiting.
4000	greensleeves	2013-04-15	Yes, I'd be less snarky about this pointless throw in if the women got some gratuitous sex scenes as well. (Renly and Loras from S1 is a good example)It only seems fair.Okay, this might be extremely true.MOAR COCK PLEASE!kthnxbai.
4001	Kittykatknits	2013-04-15	It's for the folks who like T and A . . . go easy now, the show isn't, "Spartacus Porn and Blood" by far.You seem to be missing the point I'm making. Women can like "T&A" too. Unfortunately, this show has largely made the decision to ignore that desire in favor of satisfying heterosexual men. It's a theme running since early in the first season. The nudity isn't balanced at all, not by a long shot.I lost interest in Spartacus about half way through the second season.Yes, why didn't we get the "it was a good ache" scene? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Ned and Cat's kiss goodbye is one of the most tender, heartfelt displays of love on the show. We didn't need a full-on sex scene with them, but maybe a little more than cuddling.The naked whores are a bit much on this show. And I am not a prude at all, in any way. Presenting Pod with one whore would have been enough. In a show where minutes are valuable, think of all the time taken up by introducing three naked women.I didn't mind Theon and the boat girl, as it showed a bit of Theon's personality, and at least the scene is from the books.The nudity for nudity's sake rep of the show is so bad, that when I tell people I'm a fan of the books and have read them a few times, I get "Oh, because of all the sex!" and I have to explain that there really isn't that much sex in the books.Back around to the Pod scene - there's another thread on this that gives a good explanation of how the scene establishes why Pod is so loyal to Tyrion. It's a good analysis. But still, we really didn't need three naked whores.Pretty much this. I had no problem with Theon's scene with the captain's daughter and many others. I don't mind all the sex in the book either, it all serves a purpose and provides character development - from the good ache to Asha and Qarl all the way in Dance. These scenes don't.
4002	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	The scene was to cover the, "T and A" portion of the episode, since there were none the week before.Also, it was good to see men talking as men do at the end.My response to that response, are these responses:The Renly and Loras scenes happen to be my favorite in the series actually. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> An adult couple in a consenting and loving relationship, I enjoyed their time together and could have had more of it. Ned and Cat got cut in the first season (they only cuddled!), the Robb/Talisa scene still had her completely undress while we got a shot of his back. I'd shut up about the issue if women got some scenes too. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> We just don't for some reason.Okay, this might be extremely true.MOAR COCK PLEASE!kthnxbai.If we 'men' get to see constant nude women, and have them talk about it, why not at least some more for the women?If you want to excuse the ludity as being a means to attract a male audience, why alienate the female audience?And how hard would it be, really? Personally I've gotten enough of the brothels. It's just gotten repetitive. Say I'm not talking as 'men talk' but I'd much rather they do the other to keep from alienating the female audience. It's getting far too deep in the 'sexually objectifying' hole at the moment, imo, and I can't help but think if I feel that way, certainly some members of the female audience feel similarly.
4003	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-15	It was pointless, gratuitous, not in line with the books, not as funny as they tried to make it (rather predictable, even), and ultimately a waste of time.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 April 2013 - 09:32 AM.
4004	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	It was pointless, gratuitous, not as funny as they tried to make it, and ultimately a waste of time.Exactly.  Really pointless.  Sometimes what the producers are thinking is beyond my comprehension, they've got a huge, complex plot, WHY devote so much time to a stupid interlude with Pod and a bunch of whores that doesn't advance the plot at all?
4005	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-15	'Fan' (read: stupid dicks who only watch the show for the nudity) service.
It's like they're projecting their own sexual fantasies on the show just because it gives them the opportunity to set up and actually make stuff like this happen in 'real life'. 
Did I mention the scene was horribly shot? It's like something you'd expect in some kind of b movie.
4006	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	You seem to be missing the point I'm making. Women can like "T&A" too. Unfortunately, this show has largely made the decision to ignore that desire in favor of satisfying heterosexual men. It's a theme running since early in the first season. The nudity isn't balanced at all, not by a long shot.I lost interest in Spartacus about half way through the second season.Pretty much this. I had no problem with Theon's scene with the captain's daughter and many others. I don't mind all the sex in the book either, it all serves a purpose and provides character development - from the good ache to Asha and Qarl all the way in Dance. These scenes don't.I had held off from responding to you until I could see where you were coming from - glad I did.The point I was going to take you up on were the two Bronn scenes you cited as being offended by. I thought they actually pushed his character along very nicely.... They weren't in the book, but the Renly/Loras scenes weren't either, but I feel they were important for character development and story lines as well.I do agree with you, there is a distinct lack of consentual sex scenes. Shows like Deadwood and Rome had them but they are glaringly obvious here by their absence. I'd say fully half the brothel scenes add nothing to the story and much as I like a good hetero sex scene myself it really has come to the point where I just think "Oh no, here we go again..." when they come on now.
4007	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-15	What a pointless detour. If they wanted a little dog petting moment for Tyrion to reward his loyal squire (I assume that's how they pitched it to the actors, anyway), why not just use Ros? Have Tyrion take her aside and ask her to gently make a man out of a boy who deserves it. Sure, show us her tits (Christ knows D and D can't get enough of sharing them with us), but why stop there? Humanize her a bit more. Maybe she'd appreciate having a customer who's a little atypical of what we associate with the trade.Come on now, really... did we really need that much time dedicated to these two inconsequential "fan"service shorts?
4008	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	You seem to be missing the point I'm making. Women can like "T&A" too. Unfortunately, this show has largely made the decision to ignore that desire in favor of satisfying heterosexual men. It's a theme running since early in the first season. The nudity isn't balanced at all, not by a long shot.I lost interest in Spartacus about half way through the second season.The Spartacus series on Starz had balanced nudity, in fact some dudes complained it was too much male nudity for their liking.The reality is this, women look better naked than men do.  Seeing Alfie Allen's pasty behind last night scarred me, it did.  Get some sun Alfie. Naked women, especially beautiful naked women drive humanity. We see it all the time in art from primitive to modern cultures. I am not talking about pornography or the like but real art.Plus Weiss, Benhoff and GRRM like lovely naked women . ..   I do agree with the posts that the scene was just to show T and A and a waste of time, but I enjoyed the bull session with Pod, that is what we men do.I wonder, do women do that?
4009	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-15	Unfortunately, this show has largely made the decision to ignore that desire in favor of satisfying heterosexual men. It's a theme running since early in the first season. The nudity isn't balanced at all, not by a long shot.So, what you're saying they should add in more porn, but with men this time so women can get their jerkoff time in front of the TV as well? That seems only fair, unfortunately Renly died in season 2. I have a theory that they are foreshadowing Pod to be the new God Of Male Sex in this season, so dont worry, you should see some flesh in the end.
4010	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	that is what we men do.If you need me, I'll be at that table over there. The one with Varys.I wonder, do women do that?Yes... it's a matter of character, not sex. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />The reality is this, women look better naked than men do.  Seeing Alfie Allen's pasty behind last night scarred me, it did.  Get some sun Alfie. Naked women, especially beautiful naked women drive humanity. We see it all the time in art from primitive to modern cultures. I am not talking about pornography or the like but real art.Not always true. When the scene with Brienne and Jaime in the tub shows up, you'll know that's not always true.And it doesn't avoid the fact that it seems like it's alienating the female audience. (Or some guys who don't just want gratuitous sex scenes. /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> )
4011	relish5k	2013-04-15	I thought that the actual whore scene was some fine, fun, and totally expected GoT nudity (loved the reference to the Merenese knot!). But the scene after where he tells Tyrion that they didn't take the money, wtf? Obviously no westerosi whore is every going to work pro-bono, and unless that had some kind of plat justification, which seems unlikely, it felt a lot like a waste of valuable time.
4012	The Dragon King	2013-04-15	The scene did nothing to better tell the overall story, so much great stuff is cut from the books because there's simply not enough time yet they give 7 minutes to a scene like this?
4013	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Not always true. When the scene with Brienne and Jaime in the tub shows up, you'll know that's not always true.And it doesn't avoid the fact that it seems like it's alienating the female audience. (Or some guys who don't just want gratuitous sex scenes. /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> )The actress playing Brienne is also a model, they are, "uglying her up" for her role, so we shall see. I am a bible thumper so you know I am not into gratuitous sex scenes, but one fact is certain on the weekneds all over this nation strip clubs are packed with men and women paying to see women naked. Attractive female nudity in my opinion drives the pleasure center of humanity.But Michaelangelo's, "David" may prove my theory otherwise.I do wish they at least made the scene shorter.
4014	Kittykatknits	2013-04-15	I had held off from responding to you until I could see where you were coming from - glad I did.The point I was going to take you up on were the two Bronn scenes you cited as being offended by. I thought they actually pushed his character along very nicely.... They weren't in the book, but the Renly/Loras scenes weren't either, but I feel they were important for character development and story lines as well.I do agree with you, there is a distinct lack of consentual sex scenes. Shows like Deadwood and Rome had them but they are glaringly obvious here by their absence. I'd say fully half the brothel scenes add nothing to the story and much as I like a good hetero sex scene myself it really has come to the point where I just think "Oh no, here we go again..." when they come on now.I can agree that those two scenes expand on Bronn's character. It doesn't change the fact that they are part of a larger pattern. Look at the Blackwater scene, the whore is suddenly in the center of the screen, slowly being unwrapped. All the men in the brothel are watching her as Bronn slowly unwraps his present. She's got a smile on her face, watching them looking at her. It's a classic male gaze scene. If this was closer to an exception, I don't think I'd have much issue with it. But, you combine it with all the brothel scenes that you mention, it's just more piling on. Deadwood and Rome are good examples of what I'm getting at. Deadwood remains one of my all time favorite shows.The Spartacus series on Starz had balanced nudity, in fact some dudes complained it was too much male nudity for their liking.The reality is this, women look better naked than men do.  Seeing Alfie Allen's pasty behind last night scarred me, it did.  Get some sun Alfie. Naked women, especially beautiful naked women drive humanity. We see it all the time in art from primitive to modern cultures. I am not talking about pornography or the like but real art.Plus Weiss, Benhoff and GRRM like lovely naked women . ..   I do agree with the posts that the scene was just to show T and A and a waste of time, but I enjoyed the bull session with Pod, that is what we men do.I wonder, do women do that?Yes, Spartacus does have balanced nudity. I stopped watching more because I have rather limited screen time and felt the plot and story just weren't as good compared to the first season. The men who found all the male nudity to be a bit much, welcome to our world. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As to the male form, I'm not sure I can agree that women look better naked. It's a matter of preference and we can admire both. Women enjoy looking at chests, back, legs, shoulders, pasty behinds, and even cocks.As to women talking that way, I can assure you we do. You'd be surprised at what women will say when men are not around and how explicit it can get.So, what you're saying they should add in more porn, but with men this time so women can get their jerkoff time in front of the TV as well? That seems only fair, unfortunately Renly died in season 2. I have a theory that they are foreshadowing Pod to be the new God Of Male Sex in this season, so dont worry, you should see some flesh in the end.Well see, that doesn't help much. I'm probably twice Pod's age so not sure he's the one I'd pick for God of Male Sex. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As to the porn time, I'm saying that whether they cut it or add more total time isn't as important. I'd prefer they keep it balanced, if that makes sense.Good conversation, sadly I need to step away from the computer for awhile. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4015	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	The scene did nothing to better tell the overall story, so much great stuff is cut from the books because there's simply not enough time yet they give 7 minutes to a scene like this?Right, that is more than 10% of the entire show devoted to some stupid whore scene that wasn't in the books and has no bearing on any of the plot lines.
4016	King Cheops	2013-04-15	I thought it was funny so I guess I'm just a stupid frat boy.  I thought it added some personality to Podrick whom we'll be seeing more of in the future.  Casual viewers don't even really know who he is (I had to explain to my wife and now my co-workers) so having this scene helps cement him in their heads and implies that the Brienne/Pod storyline won't be dropped.
I think that's a good thing.
4017	Gannicus	2013-04-15	I can agree that those two scenes expand on Bronn's character. It doesn't change the fact that they are part of a larger pattern. Look at the Blackwater scene, the whore is suddenly in the center of the screen, slowly being unwrapped. All the men in the brothel are watching her as Bronn slowly unwraps his present. She's got a smile on her face, watching them looking at her. It's a classic male gaze scene. If this was closer to an exception, I don't think I'd have much issue with it. But, you combine it with all the brothel scenes that you mention, it's just more piling on. Deadwood and Rome are good examples of what I'm getting at. Deadwood remains one of my all time favorite shows.Yes, Spartacus does have balanced nudity. I stopped watching more because I have rather limited screen time and felt the plot and story just weren't as good compared to the first season. The men who found all the male nudity to be a bit much, welcome to our world. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As to the male form, I'm not sure I can agree that women look better naked. It's a matter of preference and we can admire both. Women enjoy looking at chests, back, legs, shoulders, pasty behinds, and even cocks.As to women talking that way, I can assure you we do. You'd be surprised at what women will say when men are not around and how explicit it can get.Well see, that doesn't help much. I'm probably twice Pod's age so not sure he's the one I'd pick for God of Male Sex. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As to the porn time, I'm saying that whether they cut it or add more total time isn't as important. I'd prefer they keep it balanced, if that makes sense.Good conversation, sadly I need to step away from the computer for awhile. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Does everything have to be so serious?I thought it was funny.My GF was laughing harder than me.The men/women we were with were all laughing as well.Yes it's from a male perspective, but it was funny, well acted, and was a needed moment of comic relief in a high paced and intense show.
4018	Lord Davos Seaworth	2013-04-15	Don't overthink it - I had all kinds of crazy thoughts too when I saw him put the money down, but it was certainly just supposed to be a joke/development for Pod.
And if you think about it, it actually fits his character perfectly... All we really hear about Pod over and over in the books is how he is such a timid and softspoken boy but a completely badass when in battle... I assume they are trying to make a reference that his hidden talents on the battlefield also translate into bed. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
I had no problem with the scene because I love Pod and as others said we can't see Tyrion's thoughts on TV so there has to be someway to show Pod's badass side.
4019	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-15	So, any real point to this scene except for an excuse to see nudity?  I actually thought there was some kind of purpose to it when the whores didn't take Pod's money, but apparently it was supposed to be funny.  I do like seeing more of Pod, however.  I guess any way to introduce him is a good way?  He'll be with Brienne eventually now, I assume - good sign /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Pod's scene was supposed to be humorous and it did actually gave me a chuckle. However...it took away 7 minutes or so from this episode's allotted time, while some scenes I'd rather see (Arya and the BWB, for example) had so little time.
4020	Ser Luke.	2013-04-15	My least favorite scene in the series. Not joking.
I don't even care about the nudity on this show, no scene has bothered me before, but this one just felt SO out of place, with it's weird comedy and prolonged shots. I didn't NOT like the scene because of the nudity, I didn't like it because it really felt extremely out of place and random.
4021	Young Nan	2013-04-15	No purpose that I can see other than to waste time better spent on relevant plot points.  I don't understand why they would devote so much time to a gratuitous scene like that, that provides no character insight or reveal or moves the plot forward in any way.^Yeah, its a show, not the books, I get it.  But still-  the creators are always saying in interviews "oh, we love the books so much and we just really wish we could have done such and such scene but we just don't have the time/budget"Yet, how many minutes long was Pod's scene?  How many minutes spent on "Ros" (as if we needed an extra character to be created)They can still show lots of boobs and create scenes that further the story in some meaningful way.
4022	Envie	2013-04-15	Okay, this might be extremely true.MOAR COCK PLEASE!kthnxbai.I guess you forgot we got to see full front on HODOR?! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'm going to take the side that thinks people are getting way too worked up about 'wasted minutes' showing T&A because frankly the rest of those minutes, every single one of them, were brilliant and I think overall they're doing a fantastic job keeping pace with a book that was really really difficult to sum up in one or two seasons collectively at 60 minutes a pop.I have personally never had a problem with any of the sex scenes in the series so far. It's HBO and I've watched enough HBO series to know this is one component of the entertainment factor for that venue. Not to say it's mandatory, but it's how the channel has typically always done drama... a lot of hard hitting gut-wrenching violence and drama combined with some goofy humor and sex scenes for stress relief. It seems to be working very well based on ratings and sales so who are you all to say it's wrong. Wrong for -you- perhaps. Stop being such uptight stick-in-the-muds. Sounds like some of you haven't gotten enough of that in your own life episodes (Pod envy maybe?). Just sayin' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I'm still deliriously happy HBO is doing this epic saga instead of a motion picture company. We get so so much more screen time and details we never would have gotten on the big screen. Be happy for what we get y'all!
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 15 April 2013 - 11:37 AM.
4023	FacelessSnow	2013-04-15	The scene did nothing to better tell the overall story, so much great stuff is cut from the books because there's simply not enough time yet they give 7 minutes to a scene like this?I posted this in the discussion thread but its more relevent here:I think people are reading WAY too much into this, the scene was a simple amusing anecdote that provided HBO's necessity for nudity while establishing two important plot points:1) The Bank at Bravos is owed a LOT of money (without the Pod scene this would have been a little dry)2) Pod and Tyrion have a strong bond that in coming seasons is importance to explain Pod's  "quest"I prefer a scene like this to Bron's opening scene at the brothel which really added nothing except maybe an example of the "finer things"
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 15 April 2013 - 11:43 AM.
4024	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Not a fan of the scene.There's a surpriseI seriously think people need to lighten up. I don't recall any massive complaints about Tormund's member jokes taking up valuable pages in SoS. Or Dolorous Edd's comments wasting valuable page space. The show doesn't need to be so damn serious all the time! The excuse that it doesnt advance the plot could be argued for tons of scenes in the show and in the books, almost any dialog really.
4025	piratesswoop	2013-04-15	I guess you forgot we got to see full front on HODOR?! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not even, they used a prosthetic penis! We can't even get authentic naked men shots. The only penis we've seen since we saw Hodor and Pycelle's unwanted extremities in season one was newborn baby Craster.There's a surpriseI seriously think people need to lighten up. I don't recall any massive complaints about Tormund's member jokes taking up valuable pages in SoS. Or Dolorous Edd's comments wasting valuable page space. The show doesn't need to be so damn serious all the time! The excuse that it doesnt advance the plot could be argued for tons of scenes in the show and in the books, almost any dialog really.This is a stupid argument. A book does not have to worry about time constraints or a CGI budget. GRRM can spend 20 pages talking about Joffrey's hypothetical undescended left testicle if he wanted to because he can write as much as he wants to expand on the plot in a book. The show does not have this luxury. They have ten episodes at 55-60 minutes each to lay out the important plot points and you can't just throw in unnecessary stuff like this while complaining about time constraints. it's just silly.
					
					
							Edited by piratesswoop, 15 April 2013 - 11:51 AM.
4026	Greywolf2375	2013-04-15	I think the scene will have some meaning later on - when the LF plot gets more exposure. Maybe Pod blurted out something while being... entertained? I really would think more and more the "payment" was Littlefinger's bit.Maybe...but what?  What could Pod have that is so important that it makes LF forget even more how to play the game and tip his hand again by giving it away for free?  Is it that Shae is Tyrions?  if so, weak since we've all ready seen that connection used by Varys last season.My hope was that POD actually found something out which was generating the last questions by Tyrion...but nope...it's just about the free sex.
4027	Zman1863	2013-04-15	I don't have a problem with lighthearted diversions to keep things lively but I would have prefered them to make it shorter. I think the fact that it seems like every nude scene in the show occurs in LF's Kings Landing Brothel is a lot of what makes the nudity in GoT seem clumsy compared to other shows. The problem seems to have been compounded since we stopped getting our seemingly weekly dose of Theon's Sex Diary.
4028	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Stop being such uptight stick-in-the-muds. Sounds like some of you haven't gotten enough of that in your own life episodes (Pod envy maybe?). Just sayin' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Hmm. I'm concerned over the alienation of the female audience over constant female nudity, gratuitously to the male sex, whereas very little (none of late) is given to the other sexed audience.That Pod's scene was drawn out and completely pointless in a season they profess to having a hard time getting all the actual plot stuffed into it was something I missed to even mention, but it seems a decent point.However, you must be right. I must not get any sex, and that is why I disliked Pod's scene, and was also all for male sex scenes to please the other sex. I mean, of course the only reasonable means of arguing what point of view might have, is to just wave me and others off as bias and purely the fact that I am so damn lame. I mean surely, someone who gets sex, would want to see sex in an extremely complicated story like ASOIAF, rather than actual plot development. And of course, I and anyone else who argues with that scene are so lame, surely, that with that problem we couldn't just go look for a porn site instead. No, we have to go to the utterly complex world of ASOIAF that deals with Patriarchy, rape, torture, and even the regular sex, as important and critical plot developments.Surely, anyone who thinks those scenes were unnecessary, or unnecessarily wrong, are completely bias, and are secretly plotting the murder of Podrick Payne, the Penal Lord. It is known~.Edit: Oh, and incase you didn't get it. /end sarcasm.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 15 April 2013 - 12:02 PM.
4029	teemo	2013-04-15	Count me in on more male nudity.  Spartacus does it.  I have quite a few gay friends who love that show for reasons surrounding the male nudity.  Game of Thrones will only give one side of it, unless it's Hodor.  If that's being "lame" or a "stick in the mud," sorry, but i think it's a valid point..
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 12:32 PM.
4030	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-15	I looked at the scene this way.  The whores know that Tyrion saved KL and that Pod fought and saved Tyrion's life in the battle therefore by extension saved them.  So as a reward the whores gave Pod a freebee.  Plus Pod could be a man amongst men.
4031	DolorousKim	2013-04-15	Well I'm neither a guy nor a fraternity member, but I thought that the scenes were funny.  Of course I am also a fan of Tyrion/Bronn/Pod, and as they don't have a great deal to do at this point in the story, I'm kind of glad for some screen time for them, and I am willing to admit that my bias may have predisposed me to liking the scenes.
I actually appreciate the humor that gets injected from time to time, even if it doesn't serve the larger purpose of moving the numerous story lines forward.  This series can be so grim at times, that I just like that we get a few moments to escape the overall dire state of affairs most of the characters find themselves in and get to see the lighter, more mundane side of things as well.
Was the scene gratuitous?  Yep.  Were parts of it clearly shot to appease a portion of the heterosexual male fan base?  Most definitely.  Is the female/male nudity ratio completely lopsided? Absolutely (however, we did get to see a split second shot of Theon's stuff in Season one while he is "engaging" Ros, and I can't say that I'm personally dying to see more of that). 
That being said, it just doesn't bother me as much as some other scenes, such as those of graphic killing, maiming, or torture.  I'm thinking the Harren Hall scenes from last year, for example.  I was really afraid after last week that we were in for an entire season of Theon being tortured, which would bother me far, far more than a few naked prostitutes ever could, even though Theon being tortured is true to the book story lines.
I fear that this is a case where there probably won't ever be a clear consensus, since what's a waste of time or offensive to some is entertaining, or at least non-offensive to others.
4032	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Count me in on more male nudity.  Spartacus does it.  I have quite a few gay friends who love that show for reasons surrounding the male nudity.  Game of Thrones will only give one side of it, unless it's Hodor.  If that's being "lame" or a "stick in the mud," sorry, but i think it's a valid point..I got the impression that Spartacus has far more male nudity than female. I struggle to recall a time when the slaves didnt have the shirts off. That doesnt change the fact that GoT doesnt do much for the female gaze ofc.
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 15 April 2013 - 12:40 PM.
4033	teemo	2013-04-15	I got the impression that Spartacus has far more male nudity than female. I struggle to recall a time when the slaves didnt have the shirts off. That doesnt change the fact that GoT doesnt do much for the female gaze ofc.I definitely know some straight men too that watch it for female nudity....there's just a ton of both.
4034	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	Count me in on more male nudity.  Spartacus does it.  I have quite a few gay friends who love that show for reasons surrounding the male nudity.  Game of Thrones will only give one side of it, unless it's Hodor.  If that's being "lame" or a "stick in the mud," sorry, but i think it's a valid point..My gay/female friends know that quality beats quantity every time. A GoT Hodor is worth 10 Caesars any time.I for one had my fill for like 5 seasons for that Hodor scene alone. So did Osha. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />And don't forget the nipple. Yes, the nipple being cut off was somewhat of a letdown, but it was a nipple nonetheless.
4035	The Black Wolf	2013-04-15	I, as many others, have an issue with the fact that it's nearly always beautiful naked women with fully dressed men (whose attractiveness varies greatly) when it comes to a sex scene on this show. However, I was rather amused by this little piece and seriously wanted to fist bump Pod through the screen... he's just too adorable!       /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4036	shiola	2013-04-15	I don't mind added sex scenes most of the time.  But I just didn't get it, with this one.  The joke went over my head.  I thought maybe Pod had blurted something out and Littlefinger got intel on Tyrion and that's why Pod didn't have to pay.  I thought Tyrion wanted to hear all the details to make sure Pod didn't fuck up.
But apparently it's just because Pod the virgin is somehow this fantastic lover that Tyrion and Bronn need lessons from?  Funny on paper and in theory yes but I don't think it played out well.
4037	teemo	2013-04-15	Even the men have sex with their clothes on...hah.
4038	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Even the men have sex with their clothes on...hah.That's why Superman wears his underwear on the outside. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
4039	Maester Domeric	2013-04-15	When did this become Game of Bros? The whole scene was absolutely pointless and stupid excuse to engange in some pubescent male fantasy about being "a man" and fucking 3 whores at once. Was there any value in it as a story telling device at all? I don't like Tyrion's character to begin with, but I absolutely hate the buddy comedy bullshit that make him and Bronn into in the show. They're fucking awful. Bron has done nothing this season of any value.
The writers are showing they don't have their priorities right.
No Arstan/Selmy reveal, no Strong Belwas, but lets give the douchiest character in the series a pointless long scene where he delivers lines directly into a whores labia followed by a longer and equally pointless scene where said douche and his douche friends ogle a trio of naked whores contorting their lady bits literally everywhere.
Have LF come right out and say "i'm gonna help you Sansa" destroying one of the best twists and reveals in the series cause they think the audience is either too stupid to get it and rather then interesting plot developments lets just keep throwing naked whores on the screen.
Are heterosexuals really so devoid of intellect and reasoning that the only thing that satisfies them are tits and ass? If I were one I would be insulted at the showrunners continued insistence of that being the case (aswell as hollywood in general).
So now we've learned that budgeting and filming constraints is just a bullshit excuse, they can find plenty of time and money to shoot whatever scenes they please, assuming the scene involves the "popular" characters and tits.
4040	Penguin king	2013-04-15	The scene was amusing, and I'm always happy to see more Pod, but i hope there was something more going on. I really doubt the whores of King's Landing give refunds for a good performance. More likely  Pod chickened out at the last minute or Tyrion paid the whores on the side to boost his confidence.
4041	Loras	2013-04-15	It was fine up until the contortionist and then I was completely freaked out - that was the least sexy thing I thinki have ever seen.
4042	shiola	2013-04-15	When did this become Game of Bros? The whole scene was absolutely pointless and stupid excuse to engange in some pubescent male fantasy about being "a man" and fucking 3 whores at once. Was there any value in it as a story telling device at all? I don't like Tyrion's character to begin with, but I absolutely hate the buddy comedy bullshit that make him and Bronn into in the show. They're fucking awful. Bron has done nothing this season of any value.The writers are showing they don't have their priorities right.No Arstan/Selmy reveal, no Strong Belwas, but lets give the douchiest character in the series a pointless long scene where he delivers lines directly into a whores labia followed by a longer and equally pointless scene where said douche and his douche friends ogle a trio of naked whores contorting their lady bits literally everywhere.Have LF come right out and say "i'm gonna help you Sansa" destroying one of the best twists and reveals in the series cause they think the audience is either too stupid to get it and rather then interesting plot developments lets just keep throwing naked whores on the screen.Are heterosexuals really so devoid of intellect and reasoning that the only thing that satisfies them are tits and ass? If I were one I would be insulted at the showrunners continued insistence of that being the case (aswell as hollywood in general).So now we've learned that budgeting and filming constraints is just a bullshit excuse, they can find plenty of time and money to shoot whatever scenes they please, assuming the scene involves the "popular" characters and tits.There is so much wrong with this post I don't even know what to say.Arstan and Strong Belwas have literally nothing to do with the scene being discussed here.  But I applaud your ability to be so upset about it as to stretch it over the span of all three episodes.  The Arstan plot wouldn't work on TV the way it did in the books, and there are too many new characters to introduce Belwas.  Plus, Belwas isn't necessary at this point in the story.  He can be replaced by anyone else.  And his character is so larger-than-life, it wouldn't translate well on TV.  It'd come across as too much.As for the LF reveal, I think it's strange they'd have him outright say anything in episode one, yes.  But we have to wait to see where the plot goes before we make those assumptions.  What the fuck does the brothel scene have to do with LF motives anyway?  That comment about heterosexuals is so stupid it renders the rest of your post moot, to be honest.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 15 April 2013 - 01:57 PM.
4043	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-15	I  was laughing thoughout. from the scene where pod is staring at Ros' boobs  to when he came to tyrion.
4044	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	I watched the scene again and I'm still confused why they didn't take Pod's money. Was it a freebie from Littlefinger or was it a joke that he was so damn good?
I taught the scene was hilarious but that time could really have been used to for the scene at the Fist or a minute more with Dany.
4045	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-15	Can we females please just get one piece of eye candy just once? I just don't think Hodor, old man penis, Theon and random guy dragged by dothraki cut it.
4046	Oakenfist	2013-04-15	When did this become Game of Bros? The whole scene was absolutely pointless and stupid excuse to engange in some pubescent male fantasy about being "a man" and fucking 3 whores at once. Was there any value in it as a story telling device at all? I don't like Tyrion's character to begin with, but I absolutely hate the buddy comedy bullshit that make him and Bronn into in the show. They're fucking awful. Bron has done nothing this season of any value.The writers are showing they don't have their priorities right.No Arstan/Selmy reveal, no Strong Belwas, but lets give the douchiest character in the series a pointless long scene where he delivers lines directly into a whores labia followed by a longer and equally pointless scene where said douche and his douche friends ogle a trio of naked whores contorting their lady bits literally everywhere.Have LF come right out and say "i'm gonna help you Sansa" destroying one of the best twists and reveals in the series cause they think the audience is either too stupid to get it and rather then interesting plot developments lets just keep throwing naked whores on the screen.Are heterosexuals really so devoid of intellect and reasoning that the only thing that satisfies them are tits and ass? If I were one I would be insulted at the showrunners continued insistence of that being the case (aswell as hollywood in general).So now we've learned that budgeting and filming constraints is just a bullshit excuse, they can find plenty of time and money to shoot whatever scenes they please, assuming the scene involves the "popular" characters and tits.You have no sense of humour. Lol, you sound like the people who complain about the sex in the actual books. Go away.
4047	Envie	2013-04-15	Hmm. I'm concerned over the alienation of the female audience over constant female nudity, gratuitously to the male sex, whereas very little (none of late) is given to the other sexed audience.That Pod's scene was drawn out and completely pointless in a season they profess to having a hard time getting all the actual plot stuffed into it was something I missed to even mention, but it seems a decent point.However, you must be right. I must not get any sex, and that is why I disliked Pod's scene, and was also all for male sex scenes to please the other sex. I mean, of course the only reasonable means of arguing what point of view might have, is to just wave me and others off as bias and purely the fact that I am so damn lame. I mean surely, someone who gets sex, would want to see sex in an extremely complicated story like ASOIAF, rather than actual plot development. And of course, I and anyone else who argues with that scene are so lame, surely, that with that problem we couldn't just go look for a porn site instead. No, we have to go to the utterly complex world of ASOIAF that deals with Patriarchy, rape, torture, and even the regular sex, as important and critical plot developments.Surely, anyone who thinks those scenes were unnecessary, or unnecessarily wrong, are completely bias, and are secretly plotting the murder of Podrick Payne, the Penal Lord. It is known~.Edit: Oh, and incase you didn't get it. /end sarcasm.IT WAS JUST JOKING AROUND... you know, kinda like I think the creators of the scene were doing? I got your sarcasm, no tags needed.And I'm a female, so I was simply using a very common internet insult / stereotype that somehow internet geeks must not have sex lives which is why the topic is always so hotly debated and porn is so big. *eyeroll* (I think you missed my sarcasm too)I knew better than to jump into this argument over the sex scenes of GoT/HBO but I took the bait anyways. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4048	Envie	2013-04-15	Can we females please just get one piece of eye candy just once? I just don't think Hodor, old man penis, Theon and random guy dragged by dothraki cut it.Wait wait ... WAIT!THEON penis was OK BY ME!!! (poor guy, at least he was getting some at one point in time... not now!)
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 15 April 2013 - 02:20 PM.
4049	qixoticneurotic	2013-04-15	my favorite scene in the eposode. i loved that they made "mereneese knot" sound as dirty and disreputable as it seems.
as for the point of it all. this is tyrion pumping pods tires. its an excellent segue into him practicing the sword with bron and should lead into him reciting the dornish lords banners.
4050	teemo	2013-04-15	I think comparing this to the scene from Breaking Bad (Skyler jerking off Walt) is not really the greatest example.  BB is the total opposite of GoT...that was virtually one of the only "sex scenes" in the entire series, and BB may just be the least sexiest critically acclaimed drama on television right now.  Not to mention, that scene sort of did have a point.  Walt was terrified and anxious and he's usually able to get it up and couldn't be intimate with Skyler at all, one of the first signs to her that something was wrong.
A better comparison would be another premium cable show like The Sopranos or Boardwalk or Deadwood (like Ran mentioned), where there is a ton of nudity, but very rarely do I watch an episode of one of those shows and think, "this scene is just to fill boob quota."  It's mostly very purposeful.  Not saying there aren't exceptions, but yeah...this scene was 100% to fill boob quota.  You could argue that it was to strengthen the "bromance," but then why not just send in Pod to one naked whore and be done with it?  The 4 whore show with a contortionist was 100% gratuitous and it's why a lot of critics won't take this show seriously at all.  I think they're wrong in a lot of ways, but it's hard to argue when I see scenes like this.  
I don't have the demographics in front of me, but I think GoT falls in line with a lot of HBO shows as far as demographics go...can't imagine that it has less than a 40% female audience...?  Maybe I'm totally wrong, but I know there are enough women viewers to justify some hot, half-naked or naked men.  It's only fair, really. Maybe Daario will whip it out.
4051	Hellfell	2013-04-15	Can we females please just get one piece of eye candy just once? I just don't think Hodor, old man penis, Theon and random guy dragged by dothraki cut it.I'm a wildling now, trust me, I speak trueNo sword at my hip,Just happy to see you.Make sure she applauds good.After I let her see my Godswood.She asked for it, so I owe her sex.I'm no Lannister, but I pay my debts.Wait, didn't she call my balls, "stones"Virgin, but I wanna be the Lord of BonesI'm a Virgin, but wanna be the Lord of Bones!Pulled out my sword, and let down my guard.Valerian steel gets extra hardYou know nothing, in the dark she breathedI prefer your Longclaw unsheathed.In the snow and sweat With Ygritte.Kissed by fire?You ain't seen nothing yet!Forget my past, I want this to lastCall me Winter, 'cause I'm coming fast.
					
					
							Edited by Hellfell, 15 April 2013 - 02:32 PM.
4052	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Are heterosexuals really so devoid of intellect and reasoning that the only thing that satisfies them are tits and ass?A master stroke of you to put this so late in your post so I almost got to the end before I realised there was no point even starting.
4053	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I find it sad that I have to repeat a point that I thought had stated pretty well before in this thread: THE PLOT DOES NOT HAVE TO MOVE A MILE A MINUTE. These are the notable shifts in plot development last episode:
-Arya moving along with the BWB
-Tyrion becoming Master of Coin
-Mance deciding to climb the freaking Wall
-Theon nearly getting raped and recaptured
-Jaime gets his hand cut off
-Oh, and the tiny  little but about Daenerys deciding to SELL ONE OF HER DRAGONS.
If the point keeps moving in every scene with no room to breathe, it definitely will take it's toll on viewers. I don't think people seem to understand the concept of pacing. Give the audience some time to cool down before they can move on to the next big plot development scene.
And I'm not defending the nudity. I agree that it's far too excessive and male-centric. But it annoys me that the same complaint coming over and over again is "AAARRRGHHH IT WAS POINTLESS IT DIDN'T ADVANCE THE PLOT". I'm getting really tired of having to repeat my point.
4054	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	IT WAS JUST JOKING AROUND... you know, kinda like I think the creators of the scene were doing?I got your sarcasm, no tags needed.And I'm a female, so I was simply using a very common internet insult / stereotype that somehow internet geeks must not have sex lives which is why the topic is always so hotly debated and porn is so big. *eyeroll* (I think you missed my sarcasm too)I knew better than to jump into this argument over the sex scenes of GoT/HBO but I took the bait anyways. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Sorry, I'm admittedly a little touchy (if not frothy) after the 'Theon deserved it' comments I've been seeing lately. Sorry I missed your sarcasm.Hilariously ironic though, even if it makes me put back on my dunce cap. /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
4055	Damar	2013-04-15	Given how they established the Iron Bank, it was not that wasted. And it was funny. People should lighten up.
4056	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	Are heterosexuals really so devoid of intellect and reasoning that the only thing that satisfies them are T and A?I would say, "Yes."  Why do you think Kim Kardashian is a multiple million dollar celebrity?
					
					
							Edited by ServantOnIce, 15 April 2013 - 03:05 PM.
4057	pleonasm	2013-04-15	Given how they established the Iron Bank, it was not that wasted. And it was funny. People should lighten up.It wouldn't have been an issue, if the scenes didn't eat up so much screen time. And it wasn't that funny.
4058	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I"m hoping they start giving Pod Tormund's jokes about his member.  This scene would be well worth it.
4059	wandering	2013-04-15	It was supposed to be a bit of light hearted humour, and guess what, it was. I laughed and was grinning like an idiot.
I genuinely feel sad for the people that watch this show, and seem to hate every single minute of it.
4060	Tyler Stark	2013-04-15	I thought the scene was hilarious, one of the best comic relief bits of the entire series, and made me love Tyrion the t.v. show character even though I'm not the biggest fan of the book series character
4061	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	I find it sad that I have to repeat a point that I thought had stated pretty well before in this thread: THE PLOT DOES NOT HAVE TO MOVE A MILE A MINUTE. These are the notable shifts in plot development last episode:-Arya moving along with the BWB-Tyrion becoming Master of Coin-Mance deciding to climb the freaking Wall-Theon nearly getting raped and recaptured-Jaime gets his hand cut off-Oh, and the tiny  little but about Daenerys deciding to SELL ONE OF HER DRAGONS.If the point keeps moving in every scene with no room to breathe, it definitely will take it's toll on viewers. I don't think people seem to understand the concept of pacing. Give the audience some time to cool down before they can move on to the next big plot development scene.And I'm not defending the nudity. I agree that it's far too excessive and male-centric. But it annoys me that the same complaint coming over and over again is "AAARRRGHHH IT WAS POINTLESS IT DIDN'T ADVANCE THE PLOT". I'm getting really tired of having to repeat my point.This x1000.  I get this picture of some book purists watching each episode with a checklist in their hands, more concerned with how many check boxes have been filled by the episode's end than by whether the episode had any tempo, flow, or cohesion.  Shows need a moment to breathe, scenes that are thrown in for levity or just for a breather.That's not to say I liked this particular scene.  I didn't.  It dragged on too long and was fairly amateurishly staged, neither as funny nor as sexy as it tried so hard to be.  Unfortunately I think those deficiencies can be chalked up to David Benioff's direction.  It was likely inexperience showing.  It was a bit like a slightly-less-funny-than-usual scene from a Kevin Smith movie awkwardly inserted into a fantasy series.  But that can be forgiven, as it was likely a lot funnier on paper.BTW, it seems pretty clear to me in retrospect that Tyrion paid for Pod's escapades on the side, and that the purse was just for show, so that the prostitutes could return it for Pod "being so good" and thus pile the ego boost on top of the sex itself.  That's a Tyrion-like thing to do, and explains why he was hamming it up with Bronn when Pod returned with the money.  However this probably should have been communicated directly; it would have been an effective punchline.  Instead I think most viewers were left confused by the scene and why so much time was spent on the returned purse.
4062	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-15	Not everything needs "a point". When you get down to it, everything in the story that doesn't involve the threat of the White Walkers is filler in any case.But I thought that it was funny, and it brought a good dose of humor to the show, which it's going to sorely need as we get further on in the season.Also, its nice to flesh out Pod more. No, not every scene needs a point... But when the showrunners are frequently citing "time constraints" as a reason for making (bad) deviations from the books, any additional material not from the books should have a point.That scene could have been replaced by an additional Tully scene, or a Sansa scene, or a Bran scene, or another Jon scene. Clearly the showrunners have no idea what to do in King's Landing without the PW this season. This is what I feared, and this is why the PW was needed this season.
4063	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	This x1000.  I get this picture of some book purists watching each episode with a checklist in their hands, more concerned with how many check boxes have been filled by the episode's end than by whether the episode had any tempo, flow, or cohesion.  Shows need a moment to breathe, scenes that are thrown in for levity or just for a breather.That's not to say I liked this particular scene.  I didn't.  It dragged on too long and was fairly amateurishly staged, neither as funny nor as sexy as it tried so hard to be.  Unfortunately I think those deficiencies can be chalked up to David Benioff's direction.  It was likely inexperience showing.  It was a bit like a slightly-less-funny-than-usual scene from a Kevin Smith movie awkwardly inserted into a fantasy series.  But that can be forgiven, as it was likely a lot funnier on paper.BTW, it seems pretty clear to me in retrospect that Tyrion paid for Pod's escapades on the side, and that the purse was just for show, so that the prostitutes could return it for Pod "being so good" and thus pile the ego boost on top of the sex itself.  That's a Tyrion-like thing to do, and explains why he was hamming it up with Bronn when Pod returned with the money.  However this probably should have been communicated directly; it would have been an effective punchline.  Instead I think most viewers were left confused by the scene and why so much time was spent on the returned purse.Okay, the show needs a moment to breath.  How about we let the show breath while adding some depth and context to a MAIN CHARACTER.  And, I'm not sure why every time the show apparently needs to 'breath' the choice is a scene full of naked whores.We could have had more time with the Blackfish.  Some comic relief with Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie. Half the non book readers have probably forgotten all about Roose Bolton, how about a breather with him?  There are an endless number of better ways that almost 10 minutes could have been used in the show than a stupid skit about Pod, whores and losing his virginity.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 15 April 2013 - 03:45 PM.
4064	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	Okay, the show needs a moment to breath.  How about we let the show breath while adding some depth and context to a MAIN CHARACTER.  And, I'm not sure why every time the show apparently needs to 'breath' the choice is a scene full of naked whores.We could have had more time with the Blackfish.  Some comic relief with Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie. Half the non book readers have probably forgotten all about Roose Bolton, how about a breather with him?  There are an endless number of better ways that almost 10 minutes could have been used in the show than a stupid skit about Pod, whores and losing his virginity.Tyrion isn't a main character?  The scene was about him, not Pod.
4065	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Tyrion isn't a main character?  The scene was about him, not Pod.Dinklage probably gets more screen time than anyone else.  What did the scene tells up about Tyrion?  He likes whores.   We already know that.  He likes Pod.  We know that too.  He likes to drink and talk about whores and drinking.  We know that.  In fact, we've known all of that except that he likes Pod since t he very first episode of GOT, so I don't know why we needed almost 10 minutes to remind  us of this.
4066	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	Okay, the show needs a moment to breath.  How about we let the show breath while adding some depth and context to a MAIN CHARACTER.  And, I'm not sure why every time the show apparently needs to 'breath' the choice is a scene full of naked whores.We could have had more time with the Blackfish.  Some comic relief with Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie. Half the non book readers have probably forgotten all about Roose Bolton, how about a breather with him?  There are an endless number of better ways that almost 10 minutes could have been used in the show than a stupid skit about Pod, whores and losing his virginity.We already focused on the Blackfish. He's not so important that we need another scene with him. He'll get more screentime. Agree with you on Roose, but it would probably be better to flesh him out more when Jaime arrives at Harrenhal. Who else did Roose have to interact with this episode? No one. And I think they opted for a comedy scene simply because, well this episode is pretty dark. A funeral, two attempted rapes and a hand getting cut off calls for something to lighten the mood.
4067	Abaddon	2013-04-15	Can we females please just get one piece of eye candy just once? I just don't think Hodor, old man penis, Theon and random guy dragged by dothraki cut it.I believe there is supposed to be some naked Snow coming up... not trying to suggest it balances the ledger, but that will definitely help I would think...As far as Pod goes.  I've come to the conclusion that none of the answers suggested as to why the money was returned make sense.  The simple answer to me is that Pod is sweet, and the prostitutes found him endearing (not a great lover which is silly) and decided to boost his ego a little bit by returning the money.  Seems unlikely prostitutes would really turn down that much money but it's the best explanation I can think of.
4068	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	We already focused on the Blackfish. He's not so important that we need another scene with him. He'll get more screentime. Agree with you on Roose, but it would probably be better to flesh him out more when Jaime arrives at Harrenhal. Who else did Roose have to interact with this episode? No one.And I think they opted for a comedy scene simply because, well this episode is pretty dark. A funeral, two attempted rapes and a hand getting cut off calls for something to lighten the mood.I almost always am going to be against inclusion of a scene like this, that isn't in the book, that sheds no light on anyone's character or intentions and does not move the plot forward, and in this case, is just more T & A for most of the scene. In a show that spends what 2 minutes on the opening credits, every minute is important, to lavish 7 or 8 minutes on this kind of nonsense is crazy to me.   And it isn't as if Pod becomes some kind of main character at least as of the last book.  Okay, so he's a nice kid and loyal to a fault and follows Brienne around Westeros..unless GRRM has something big planned for him...he isn't even important to the story arc.  For argument's sake they could have completely left Pod out and had Bronn save Tyrion's life, unless he's going to do something heroic in the books that aren't yet written.
4069	King of the Road	2013-04-15	Loved this scene, I laughed out loud when Tyrion and Bronn sat down for details! I don't think Tyrion or Ros asked them to pretend, I think Pod is genuinely just great in the sack, some people are reading into this too much. It's probably just one of those scenes that you either find funny or you don't. It wasn't too long, it was just meant to break the ice for some of the grim material to follow. 
Great scene, great episode.
4070	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-04-15	thumbs up for pod, he deserved it! and the aftermath with tyrion and bronn was hilarious!
4071	HouseLark	2013-04-15	It was a funny scene, a touch of levity in a heavy drama that is only going to get more and more miserable by the end of the current season. Once the full 10 hours of the season are available we may well look on Pod's Prossie Scene as one of the few lighthearted moments in the entire run. Good drama needs this; The Wire and Battlestar had these moments.
The nudity... yeah, it's gratuitous but that's not a reason to remove it. I'm on the side of those who want more equal opps nudity though.
4072	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	Dinklage probably gets more screen time than anyone else.  What did the scene tells up about Tyrion?  He likes whores.   We already know that.  He likes Pod.  We know that too.  He likes to drink and talk about whores and drinking.  We know that.  In fact, we've known all of that except that he likes Pod since t he very first episode of GOT, so I don't know why we needed almost 10 minutes to remind  us of this.It reinforces his sense of generosity, and the fact that "A Lannister Always Pays his Debts" is something he takes quite seriously, which in turn was further reinforced since the scene also included him and Bronn discussing, y'know, debt.  So it's not that he likes Pod, it's that he's willing to go the extra mile by not just arranging the loss of his virginity as a means of saying thank you, but also arranging the charade with the returned purse as a means to boost his ego.  So while the scene didn't necessarily say anything new (and wow is anyone who thinks every scene must say something new about a character just hopelessly bad at judging a TV show), In a series full of people doing shitty things to one another, I don't mind that it takes a little time to show someone behaving with genuine kindness toward another character.It also draws a direct contrast between Tyrion and Littlefinger's attitudes toward their roles as Master of Coin.  Tyrion has just inherited a position where his predecessor racked up an incredible amount of debt, and what's his first action after he does so?  He repays a debt.But yes, because the scene had boobies, it obviously had no point.  /pukeI just wish it had been better executed.
4073	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	It reinforces his sense of generosity, and the fact that "A Lannister Always Pays his Debts" is something he takes quite seriously, which in turn was further reinforced since the scene also included him and Bronn discussing, y'know, debt.  So it's not that he likes Pod, it's that he's willing to go the extra mile by not just arranging the loss of his virginity as a means of saying thank you, but also arranging the charade with the returned purse as a means to boost his ego.  So while the scene didn't necessarily say anything new (and wow is anyone who thinks every scene must say something new about a character just hopelessly bad at judging a TV show), In a series full of people doing shitty things to one another, I don't mind that it takes a little time to show someone behaving with genuine kindness toward another character.It also draws a direct contrast between Tyrion and Littlefinger's attitudes toward their roles as Master of Coin.  Tyrion has just inherited a position where his predecessor racked up an incredible amount of debt, and what's his first action after he does so?  He repays a debt.But yes, because the scene had boobies, it obviously had no point.  /pukeI just wish it had been better executed.LOL, I'd say you are really, really reaching to justify a very long scene that didn't add anything to the story on any level, we'll have to agree to disagree.
4074	Loras	2013-04-15	This might seem like a bizarre question - but what was the point of the contortionist?  I could have coped with the female whores - but she was really creepy.  Surely that is not a turn on to heterosexual males?
The worst thing about the whole sequence was Littlefinger.
FWIW Tyrion has had the most screentime this season at 22 minutes and 50 seconds.  (10 minutes of which came from this episode alone).
4075	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Eh, it was all right, just felt more time could have been spent with Arya and the BWB instead of it. Or with Jon and the wildlings.
4076	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	This might seem like a bizarre question - but what was the point of the contortionist?  I could have coped with the female whores - but she was really creepy.  Surely that is not a turn on to heterosexual males?The worst thing about the whole sequence was Littlefinger.FWIW Tyrion has had the most screentime this season at 22 minutes and 50 seconds.  (10 minutes of which came from this episode alone).Yeah, if they had her do that backbend thing only once it would have been palatable, but when she kept doing it over and over I thought for a minute I had sequenced into one of those asian ghost stories where the ghosts all walk like spiders.I keep expecting LF's accent to gel, but it never does and he's a good actor.
4077	valerio	2013-04-15	Seven pages about a joke ? Seriously ?
4078	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-15	The argument for more male nudity seems pretty ridiculous to me. You are all basically saying "i want more porn in got omg". Well, go watch some porn, i would post links but i am kind of afraid of getting banned. The female nudity in GoT sometimes serves a plot/artistic purpose, and sometimes is pointless, but saying that there should be more naked men because horny girls watch the series as well.... Well, just switch the channel, i'm sure you'll find something that suppresses your libido more than a fantasy story adaptation.
4079	Is He Dead Yet?	2013-04-15	This is the first season where I've read the books first (if you see what I'm saying), and this is the second scene in the season where I've had the conflicting emotions of 'ARG THIS WASN'T IN THE BOOKS' and 'Oh this is a JOY' (the other one being Marj and the Norphans).
Yes, it may involve Gratchus Nudity, yes, it may involve something that might be more character-driven than plot-driven...BUT
It was brilliant. It was well acted, well written, it was funny, it was actually a bit of levity in a pretty dark episode, and anything which involves Bronn and Tyrion being Bronn and Tyrion gets the thumbs up.
I'd rather have an entire episode with Bronn and Tyrion making jokes and Pod being a sex god than five minutes of people from Dorne being mind numbingly dull and pointless.
Actually, how does Dorne advance the plot?
4080	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-15	Damn so many uptight virgins in here...And regarding why the whores didn't accept Pod's money, I think it was Ros' doing. Remember what she told Tyrion? "Don't forget about me m'lord" Tyrion didn't and Ros who is basically Baelish's bottom bitch decided to return the favor. Did you notice her flirting with Pod and following him out to probably get the girls ready as instructed by Tyrion? She could have well told the girls not to take Pod's money then.
4081	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	LOL, I'd say you are really, really reaching to justify a very long scene that didn't add anything to the story on any level, we'll have to agree to disagree.Perhaps you could explain to me exactly what about my explanation of the scene was "reaching" before you respond with an LOL and repeat your completely unsubstantiated (and now actively refuted) claim that the scene adds nothing on any level.  I'm not sure you understand the degree of that claim, though, and are just being hyperbolic because you think it somehow strengthens your argument.  To me the point of the scene was beyond obvious and it seems very evident (and a little sad) that so many people are so anxious to leap to the conclusion that it was "pointless" because OMG NUDITY.
4082	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	This might seem like a bizarre question - but what was the point of the contortionist?  I could have coped with the female whores - but she was really creepy.  Surely that is not a turn on to heterosexual males?Though there's nothing specifically sexy to me about contortionists in particular, flexibility is generally seen as an asset wrt bedroom activities.  Tastes obviously vary.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 15 April 2013 - 05:19 PM.
4083	teemo	2013-04-15	The argument for more male nudity seems pretty ridiculous to me. You are all basically saying "i want more porn in got omg". Well, go watch some porn, i would post links but i am kind of afraid of getting banned. The female nudity in GoT sometimes serves a plot/artistic purpose, and sometimes is pointless, but saying that there should be more naked men because horny girls watch the series as well.... Well, just switch the channel, i'm sure you'll find something that suppresses your libido more than a fantasy story adaptation.seriously?  if there's naked women, what's wrong with naked men?  or at least the men taking off their clothes while they have sex instead of only the woman being fully nude?  with that same argument, all nudity should be removed and people should switch to cinemax for nudity.  i understand that there will almost always be more naked women on television than men, but a little balance would be nice.
4084	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Perhaps you could explain to me exactly what about my explanation of the scene was "reaching" before you respond with an LOL and repeat your completely unsubstantiated (and now actively refuted) claim that the scene adds nothing on any level.  I'm not sure you understand the degree of that claim, though, and are just being hyperbolic because you think it somehow strengthens your argument.  To me the point of the scene was beyond obvious and it seems very evident (and a little sad) that so many people are so anxious to leap to the conclusion that it was "pointless" because OMG NUDITY.You say there is a contrast with Tyrion and LF, and I say that is reaching.  Tyrion's debt to Pod isn't financial and we already have seen COPIOUS evidence that the Lannisters always pay their debts, we really don't need yet another 7+ minute scene to remind us of what we are reminded about in virtually every episode. We already know Tyrion is generous, he is also especially generous to whores, which we have seen repeatedly, we know he throws money around to get what he wants, get affection, gain power and influence.So, I don't see that we learned anything we didn't know about Tyrion or LF or Bronn and anything we learned about Pod's sexuality or sexual prowess is fluff.  And don't bother telling me we learned that LF has put the crown in debt to the Iron Bank because that did not take 7 minutes and 3 whores to get the point across.So, did we learn anything about Tyrion's character or any plot point? No. Littlefinger?  No.  Bronn? No.  Pod?  No.  Did we learn anything about anyone that we didn't know before or anything that advances the plot in any way?  No.
4085	teemo	2013-04-15	You say there is a contrast with Tyrion and LF, and I say that is reaching.  Tyrion's debt to Pod isn't financial and we already have seen COPIOUS evidence that the Lannisters always pay their debts, we really don't need yet another 7+ minute scene to remind us of what we are reminded about in virtually every episode. We already know Tyrion is generous, he is also especially generous to whores, which we have seen repeatedly, we know he throws money around to get what he wants, get affection, gain power and influence.So, I don't see that we learned anything we didn't know about Tyrion or LF or Bronn and anything we learned about Pod's sexuality or sexual prowess is fluff.  And don't bother telling me we learned that LF has put the crown in debt to the Iron Bank because that did not take 7 minutes and 3 whores to get the point across.So, did we learn anything about Tyrion's character or any plot point? No. Littlefinger?  No.  Bronn? No.  Pod?  No.  Did we learn anything about anyone that we didn't know before or anything that advances the plot in any way?  No.I wish there was a like button...I agree with this.  I think it would have been neat/acceptable if Tyrion sent Pod in to a naked whore and said "congratulations" or whatever he did, but the 7 minute story with even a mystery in it and the 4 whore contortionist scene was gratuitous and a waste of time.  The same point could have been delivered in less than a minute and still have nudity.
4086	shiola	2013-04-15	The contortionist is really what pushed this scene from "Okay whatever, token whore scene" to "Uh... this is a bit much" territory.  It was just... strange.  Not that contortionists or people who get turned on by them are strange-- it just felt very, very out of place.
4087	teemo	2013-04-15	Ran said something about a particular producer who is obsessed with getting in nudity at every possible chance.  I guess that's the explanation.
4088	Foune	2013-04-15	This might seem like a bizarre question - but what was the point of the contortionist?  I could have coped with the female whores - but she was really creepy.  Surely that is not a turn on to heterosexual males?Some people have a fetish for that kind of stuff, but I believe she was put in because she is believed exotic in a world without internet porn.Otherwise, I loved this scene, one of the best humorous scenes ever in GoT, and if people want to put some penises on the show for equality or erotic sake then I don't see why that would be a problem to anyone, I see penises every day at the gym changing room, I don't see why alot of men get aggresively defensive when it comes to male nudity.
					
					
							Edited by Foune, 15 April 2013 - 05:47 PM.
4089	Kasrith	2013-04-15	Wow I'm surprised by most of the posts on the first page, I thought my interpretation was really obvious...
Pod's looking at Ros as she hands him the books, he's obviously interested in getting some. Tyrion knows he's a virgin, and since he is the only one he truly trusts in King's Landing besides Shae and Bronn, he doesn't want Ros/Littlefinger to make a move and gain his favour by popping his cherry.
So Tyrion sets up a crazy orgy, complete with Meereenese knots and all. In order to make him feel really well about it too, he pays them in advance and only drops his gold for show. Since it was apparently free, Bronn and Tyrion act surprised and get all buddy buddy with wine to go over details, cementing a very long friendship.
Brilliantly played me thinks
4090	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	The issue is more about the repetition. Its all about the contractual sex and not about the consentual sex so far. Far too many times the opportunity to push a character along has been decided upon placing them in a brothel. If Titus Pullo from Rome had been in GoT he would be in a wheel chair by now.
I get the argument about 'bonding' Pod to Tyrion.... but he is a little puppydog already so it wouldn't have taken so much. Tyrion could just as easily given him something inconsequential in an offhand way and the effect would have been the same. 
----
Meanwhile 'unsullied' reviewers are saying it was their favourite scene of the episode because it was 'so funny' and that they know Jon Snow is going to betray the Wildlings after having sex with 'the redhead'. Thy are supposed to be thinking that he really is going to join the Free People - instead they are either writing the arc off because they know what will happen, or they are writing it off because they just can't get how the Wildlings are so ready to accept him given how 'obvious' it is.
Jon's time with the Wildlings has been vastly underplayed and the bonding of an insignificant character to Tyrion has been vastly overplayed.
4091	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-15	I'm envisioning a writers' meeting with someone saying "We need to 'flesh out' Pod's 'character'. Heh heh heh!" And thus the scene was born...
4092	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	Wow I'm surprised by most of the posts on the first page, I thought my interpretation was really obvious...Pod's looking at Ros as she hands him the books, he's obviously interested in getting some. Tyrion knows he's a virgin, and since he is the only one he truly trusts in King's Landing besides Shae and Bronn, he doesn't want Ros/Littlefinger to make a move and gain his favour by popping his cherry.So Tyrion sets up a crazy orgy, complete with Meereenese knots and all. In order to make him feel really well about it too, he pays them in advance and only drops his gold for show. Since it was apparently free, Bronn and Tyrion act surprised and get all buddy buddy with wine to go over details, cementing a very long friendship.Brilliantly played me thinksYeah, it seems to me that people are willfully ignoring this interpretation in favor of bashing the scene based on their predispositions.  It wasn't obvious to me while watching, but it seems like by far and away the most likely explanation for the returned money: that it was just there for show, since it would do wonders for Pod's self-confidence.
4093	teemo	2013-04-15	TV! Tyrion just loves to gives whore as a gift to people in the show /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Quite different from book Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 06:39 PM.
4094	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	I thought they could have used that time to focus on other characters.  At first I thought not being paid would lead to something but apparently Pod rocks in bed and did not have to pay.  Really?  I didn't find it necessary.
4095	Bog Devil	2013-04-15	I'm a little drunk, so I didn't read the prior posts.  Someone might well have gotten here before me, but I've just been itching to give somebody my take on the scene.
It seems funny and lighthearted, but Tyrion and Bronn are wise enough to see what's probably going on.  The whores all work for Littlefinger, and might be trying to pry information out of Pod. This being the case, they give him the session for free, with the expectation that he'll come back in the future and give them information in the future.  Pod's undying loyalty to Tyrion, however, forces him to give the money back, thus tipping Tyrion off to Littlefinger's plan.  Therefore, Tyrion and Bronn asking him for details amounts to them trying to figure out what questions were asked of him, and what answers he gave.
					
					
							Edited by Bog Devil, 15 April 2013 - 07:53 PM.
4096	Maester Domeric	2013-04-15	A master stroke of you to put this so late in your post so I almost got to the end before I realised there was no point even starting.No troll my good Ser, simply a question. I assume the answer to my question is no, heterosexuals are not that stupid that they are little more than sentient sacks of flesh, whos loins quiver and they fall into a stupor at the mere sight of tits. But if thats the case, as i'm sure it is, why did the producers (and indeed most people who work as media executives are all too often guilty of this) even have the 3-some scene, with the whole cirque du vagina treatment to begin with. I personally would be insulted. There is so much wrong with this post I don't even know what to say.Arstan and Strong Belwas have literally nothing to do with the scene being discussed here.  But I applaud your ability to be so upset about it as to stretch it over the span of all three episodes.  The Arstan plot wouldn't work on TV the way it did in the books, and there are too many new characters to introduce Belwas.  Plus, Belwas isn't necessary at this point in the story.  He can be replaced by anyone else.  And his character is so larger-than-life, it wouldn't translate well on TV.  It'd come across as too much.As for the LF reveal, I think it's strange they'd have him outright say anything in episode one, yes.  But we have to wait to see where the plot goes before we make those assumptions.  What the fuck does the brothel scene have to do with LF motives anyway?  That comment about heterosexuals is so stupid it renders the rest of your post moot, to be honest.I thought it was quite clear that my ire is directed towards the fact that rather than going for intricacy of certain plots the producers are dumbing it down to tits and ass. Also my point of discussing them is that there are perfectly good viable storylines that are being omitted or altered for the sake of throwing several more pairs of tits at us, which is getting really old, really quickly. We get it, there are whores in westeros, they don't have to be doing naked upside contortions or be seen every 5 minutes to remind us of that fact. You have no sense of humour. Lol, you sound like the people who complain about the sex in the actual books. Go away. I have no problem with the portrayal of sex, despite not being heterosexual I have no issue with seeing breasts or nude females even at the exclusion of nude men. I do have a problem when sacrifices are made to story telling for the sake of making a rather flat joke that is supported entirely on tits and vaginas that has no bearing on the story. It's just so....low brow.
4097	winterstood	2013-04-15	It was funny.
It was entertaining.
Sex is a part of life.
It's weird how people constantly complain or criticize the sex and yet say nothing about the violence.
They're BOTH a part of life - especially in a medieval society at war.
4098	teemo	2013-04-15	If people started randomly being killed and massacred out of nowhere and it had nothing to do with the story I wouldn't really like that either...
					
					
							Edited by schala, 15 April 2013 - 08:34 PM.
4099	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Yes. Sex is a part of life. Well done you liberated thinker. However, there are sex scenes that are needed and are put to good use. And then there are sex scenes that add NOTHING to the story, move it further in NO way and take up time that could be put to MUCH better use. 
Surely you see the difference?
4100	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	It was funny.It was entertaining.Sex is a part of life.It's weird how people constantly complain or criticize the sex and yet say nothing about the violence.They're BOTH a part of life - especially in a medieval society at war.The sex is not the problem.  The problem is a seven minute segment on a secondary character, Podrick Payne, that does absolutely nothing to advance or clarify or deepen any element of the story.  It was a complete waste of time.If they had spent that 7 minutes introducing Edmure Tully in a Riverrun brothel at least we'd be getting a glimpse of his character and more background on the Tullys, instead of the same old LF brothel, Tyrion, Bronn etc. etc.
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 15 April 2013 - 08:36 PM.
4101	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	The sex is not the problem.  The problem is a seven minute segment on a secondary character, Podrick Payne, that does absolutely nothing to advance or clarify or deepen any element of the story.  It was a complete waste of time.If they had spent that 7 minutes introducing Edmure Tully in a Riverrun brothel at least we'd be getting a glimpse of his character and more background on the Tullys.Exactly. It is the wasting of time that irks me most. If they MUST have these scenes, at least make them necessary.
4102	teemo	2013-04-15	Edmure Tully in a brothel instead....nice!
4103	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	No troll my good Ser, simply a question.And the question alienated all the heterosexuals that actually agree with you. There is too much contractual sex and not enough consentual sex - especially in this case where and extremely minor character is getting his jollies while other major arcs are running into difficulties.
4104	teemo	2013-04-15	No time for Bran this episode and all we get from Arya is saying bye to Hot Pie and getting a piece of wolf bread...but there's definitely time to give 7 minutes to Podrick!
4105	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-15	This scene was a terrible waste of time. Tyrion seemed like a perverted game show host introducing the whore behind curtain one, two and three!
4106	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-15	The argument for more male nudity seems pretty ridiculous to me. You are all basically saying "i want more porn in got omg". Well, go watch some porn, i would post links but i am kind of afraid of getting banned. The female nudity in GoT sometimes serves a plot/artistic purpose, and sometimes is pointless, but saying that there should be more naked men because horny girls watch the series as well.... Well, just switch the channel, i'm sure you'll find something that suppresses your libido more than a fantasy story adaptation.This is the most hypocritical thing I've ever read. So a bunch of female nudity furthers the plot (many times it hasn't) but asking for one attractive nude man is porn? That's just sad thinking. I don't want porn, I want some balance in this show regarding nudity. Just a tiny bit.
4107	lannistergold	2013-04-15	This scene was a terrible waste of time. Tyrion seemed like a perverted game show host introducing the whore behind curtain one, two and three!QFT.Then again, who knows what hidden talents Pod has. Perhaps Jon isn't the only master of the "lord's kiss" in Westeros, hm?
4108	teemo	2013-04-15	This scene was a terrible waste of time. Tyrion seemed like a perverted game show host introducing the whore behind curtain one, two and three! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4109	Southron_Ambitions	2013-04-15	Astoundingly awful. Of all the butcheries in this episode, this takes the cake. I can only imagine George's reaction.
4110	Aquan	2013-04-15	I'm surprised at how many people don't like this scene. I like to think of the show as a non-canon appendage to the novels, so we get to see the same characters play out the same plot with different details and, sometimes, different focus.
Pod ends up with Brian because Tyrion is the most important person in the world to him. Is there sufficient justification for this in the books? I like the bromance, and here's my two cents: Tyrion would have been suspicious if the whores did not charge Pod, but instead he was surprised and demanded they get some answers over a cup of wine. He paid the whores to say Pod was the best they'd ever had, then they had a boys' night in.
4111	Nezzer	2013-04-15	Astoundingly awful. Of all the butcheries in this episode, this takes the cake. I can only imagine George's reaction.His reaction must have been the same one he had when he wrote the Myrish Swamp and Irri & Dany scenes /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
4112	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	In a show that spends what 2 minutes on the opening credits, every minute is important, to lavish 7 or 8 minutes on this kind of nonsense is crazy to me.   And it isn't as if Pod becomes some kind of main character at least as of the last book.  Okay, so he's a nice kid and loyal to a fault and follows Brienne around Westeros..unless GRRM has something big planned for him...he isn't even important to the story arc.  For argument's sake they could have completely left Pod out and had Bronn save Tyrion's life, unless he's going to do something heroic in the books that aren't yet written.Funny thing is, by that logic, you could make the exact same argument against including Hot Pie and Arya's farewell. What great purpose did that scene have? It didn't advance the plot, Hot Pie's a minor character, he could have easily been excluded, why waste valuable screentime on him and his loaf of bread? Why? Because it was a good scene. It served its purpose. As did Pod's scene. It was meant to be funny, and while I didn't find it as such, I was at least entertained enough to not worry about it.The show is filled with minor characters getting monologues and small segments that flesh them out and make them memorable. Alliser Thorne, Benjen Stark, Doreah have all had scenes that didn't advance the plot at all. But it's become very obvious, as this thread shows, that people only seem to blast these little scenes if they feature unwanted nudity. If you disliked the nudity, then that should be your main grievance against it. If you didn't find it funny, that should be your main argument against the inclusion of the scene. But to shit on the scene simply by saying that it's "pointless" is overall a weak argument. No show runs, or should run at such a pace where every scene features a notable shift in plot development.His reaction must have been the same one he had when he wrote the Myrish Swamp and Irri & Dany scenes /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />This.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 15 April 2013 - 11:24 PM.
4113	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I didn't realize so many 70 year old women watched this show and posted on these forums.
4114	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	Entertaining? Yes.  
Bit pointless, yep.
4115	teemo	2013-04-16	I didn't realize so many 70 year old women watched this show and posted on these forums.yes, i'm sure that's the average age and gender of the poster in here...
4116	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-16	I think that it is good to have a moment of joy and "comedy" in the show, because this season will be dark almost all the time, so for me it wasnt such a waste of time. I really laughed when Tyrion and Bronn were requesting details from Pod, and also when i saw Pod's face when he was saying that he got a free time with the whores /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)))
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 16 April 2013 - 04:17 AM.
4117	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I think that it is good to have a moment of joy and "comedy" in the show, because this season will be dark almost all the time, so for me it wasnt such a waste of time. I really laughed when Tyrion and Bronn were requesting details from Pod, and also when i saw Pod's face when he was saying that he got a free time with the whores /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)))Exactly.  I thought the whole thing was hilarious.   I liked the little nod to the fans as well.
4118	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Complaining about the length of the scene is legit, there are 8 stories running in parallel now which leaves precious little time for each as it is .
Of course, the real reason some people so intensely dislike this is because they don't like the nudity/and or the portrayal of women.
4119	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	And I think they opted for a comedy scene simply because, well this episode is pretty dark. A funeral, two attempted rapes and a hand getting cut off calls for something to lighten the mood. Sex workers should not be used as props to "lighten the mood".
4120	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Sex workers should not be used as props to "lighten the mood".Give me a break, dude.You know I hear there's some great family programming in the mornings and afternoons on PBS you could watch instead, which don't contain any material that you might find offensive.
4121	HouseLark	2013-04-16	His reaction must have been the same one he had when he wrote the Myrish Swamp and Irri & Dany scenes /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Ha! So right. Martin is no stranger to letting his pervy side run wild. I know plenty of people will say "sex serves a purpose" in the books and they are right, but it's amazing how often Martin dwells on the stuff that (presumably) titillates him and leaves the stuff that doesn't excite him either implied or to take place "off screen" e.g. any male gay sex, any sex between two older people.Yeah, more horrors of war stuff would be useful but the Pod scene was a nice change of pace. There's a great scene in the Wire which goes on for 7-8 minutes which is just Bunk and McNulty walking around a crime scene repeatedly saying "motherfucker". It's a great, funny scene that serves very little purpose; I wouldn't have taken it out for the world.
4122	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Give me a break, dude.You know I hear there's some great family programming in the mornings and afternoons on PBS you could watch instead, which don't contain any material that you might find offensive.Yes, it's such a big deal to want equal nudity and less objectification of women. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
4123	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Yes, it's such a big deal to want equal nudity and less objectification of women. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Once again, you don't have to watch it.  I don't like excessive gore for gore's sake so I don't watch The Human Centipede type movies.  You are well aware that Game of Thrones features graphic nudity and sexual situations, and if you find it offensive don't watch it.  Then everyone is happy.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 05:19 AM.
4124	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Once again, you don't have to watch it.  I don't like excessive gore for gore's sake so I don't watch The Human Centipede type movies.  You are well aware that Game of Thrones features graphic nudity and sexual situations, and if you find it offensive don't watch it.  Then everyone is happy. So I shouldn't watch a TV show based on one of my favourite book series simply because I'm tired of the constant sexism?No. I'll keep watching it. And I'll keep posting about its major flaws. Feel free to blacklist my posts if you find my posts offensive. You're well aware that I'm critical of the show for its misogynistic objectification of women, and if you find my criticism offensive don't read it. Then everyone is happy./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4125	Drowningfish2304	2013-04-16	They could have used so many more scenes to lighten the mood, that would have advanced the story a little at the same time!Justifying the scene plainly because they "needed something to lighten the mood" isn't enough because they could have had:A scene of Ygritte teasing Jon about sex like in Season 2 - that was quite light-hearted and fun to watch, and it would have brought the romance back between them this season that has been completely void so farA scene between Thoros and Arya, Thoros telling her where he plans to take her because that hasn't been explained yet, could have used a few light-hearted dialogue between Arya and Gendry here tooMaybe a conversation between Bran and Jojen, introducing Jojen a little bit more, a scene of them playing with some cute direwolves? I'm sure that'd lighten the moodThere are probably tonnes more that would have worked better than the Pod + whores scene.
4126	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	It was supposed to be a bit of light hearted humour, and guess what, it was. I laughed and was grinning like an idiot.Exactly.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 05:53 AM.
4127	SilentSense	2013-04-16	So I shouldn't watch a TV show based on one of my favourite book series simply because I'm tired of the constant sexism?No. I'll keep watching it. And I'll keep posting about its major flaws. Feel free to blacklist my posts if you find my posts offensive. You're well aware that I'm critical of the show for its misogynistic objectification of women, and if you find my criticism offensive don't read it. Then everyone is happy. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />What are your thoughts on the sexism in the book? You're aware the ASOIAF society is sexist? (Which is by no means its only fault compared to the 21th century of our world. I think beheadings without trial and torture are quite bad as well!)
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 05:55 AM.
4128	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	So I shouldn't watch a TV show based on one of my favourite book series simply because I'm tired of the constant sexism?No. I'll keep watching it. And I'll keep posting about its major flaws. Feel free to blacklist my posts if you find my posts offensive. You're well aware that I'm critical of the show for its misogynistic objectification of women, and if you find my criticism offensive don't read it. Then everyone is happy. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />The show is not misogynistic.  There are a number of strong, intelligent female characters.  Yes there are prostitutes - however I would not say that they are portrayed particularly poorly.  Just because you see naked women doesn't mean the filmmakers hate women and want you to think they are worthless.Why aren't you complaining about the hostile depiction of men on the show?  We've seen reams of brutes, rapists, and murderers who are men.
4129	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	What are your thoughts on the sexism in the book? You're aware the ASOIAF society is sexist?That's an excellent point.  There are quite a few prostitutes in the books, and humor about prostitutes as well if I remember correctly.
4130	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	What are your thoughts on the sexism in the book? You're aware the ASOIAF society is sexist? (Which is by no means its only fault compared to the 21th century of our world. I think beheadings without trial and torture are quite bad as well!) If you've ever read any of my posts on the main forum you'd know that I'm sometimes critical of GRRM's portrayal of women. But it's still far better than anything the showrunners have done.The show is not misogynistic.  There are a number of strong, intelligent female characters.  Yes there are prostitutes - however I would not say that they are portrayed particularly poorly.  Just because you see naked women doesn't mean the filmmakers hate women and want you to think they are worthless.Why aren't you complaining about the hostile depiction of men on the show?  We've seen reams of brutes, rapists, and murderers who are men."The show is not misogynistic" is a very bold statement that doesn't really hold true. In the latest episode, the show used four sex workers (including Ros) to entertain dudebro viewers. That is misogynistic.Men are not an oppressed group, why would I care about their depiction?
4131	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-16	Why is it hard to understand that homophobia and sexism are gonna be strong themes in a series of novels written in a medieval setting?
4132	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	If you've ever read any of my posts on the main forum you'd know that I'm sometimes critical of GRRM's portrayal of women. But it's still far better than anything the showrunners have done."The show is not misogynistic" is a very bold statement that doesn't really hold true. In the latest episode, the show used four sex workers (including Ros) to entertain dudebro viewers. That is misogynistic.Men are not an oppressed group, why would I care about their depiction?Misogyny is hatred of women.  The creators of the show do not hate women, and the depiction of women on the show doesn't indicate that at all.  Yes there are prostitutes.  Yes they are often naked. Yes they are sometimes used as a source of humor.  However I don't think that means the makers of the show hate women.What about the Twilight movies that had that kid going around without his shirt all the time in order to titillate the 40-something moms and their teen daughters?  Or the times when hunky guys are used for humorous situations in other films and television shows?  Do you find that offensive as well?Also that question "men are not an oppressed group, why would I care about their depiction?" is outrageous.  If you care about how one group is portrayed, you should care about how ANY group is portrayed.  Otherwise you are a hypocrite.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 06:16 AM.
4133	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-16	I honestly don't have the time or energy to argue about this fucking scene anymore.
4134	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	I honestly don't have the time or energy to argue about this fucking scene anymore.LOL!
4135	Joyful Union	2013-04-16	If you've ever read any of my posts on the main forum you'd know that I'm sometimes critical of GRRM's portrayal of women. But it's still far better than anything the showrunners have done.What, you mean like how both Cersei and Danaerys randomly have lesbian encounters for no other purpose but titillation? Or how Asha seems to be into this weird rape roleplay in DwD? or how in the books, women wear a dress in Qarth that bares one breast for no reason?
4136	Charles Phipps	2013-04-16	I think it was a scene for humor to break from the chopping of hands and rape attempts. It's not important in the grand scheme of things and the fact no harlot in the history of forever has given freebies without extenuating circumstances (especially due to performance) outside of Penthouse letters/bar stories doesn't mean that's not what happened. It was just meant to be a bit of fluff IMHO.
The same basic scene happened in Supernatural w/ Souless Sam.
					
					
							Edited by Charles Phipps, 16 April 2013 - 06:22 AM.
4137	Alexander Stark	2013-04-16	There will be a lot in further series with just Pod and Brienne, if we didnt get to know Pod then people would watch and be uninterested, it was a good way of getting people to recognise the character i thought
4138	SilentSense	2013-04-16	If you've ever read any of my posts on the main forum you'd know that I'm sometimes critical of GRRM's portrayal of women. But it's still far better than anything the showrunners have done.Only signed up a few days ago so I'm not familiar with your criticism of the books. That you are only sometimes critical of GRRM's portrayal of women suggests it isn't that women aren't the equals of men in the medieval ASOIAF society. What is your criticism?
4139	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Why is it hard to understand that homophobia and sexism are gonna be strong themes in a series of novels written in a medieval setting? There's a difference between homophobia and sexism IN THE WORLD and homophobia and sexism in the portrayal of characters. The show has both.Misogyny is hatred of women.  The creators of the show do not hate women, and the depiction of women on the show doesn't indicate that at all.  Yes there are prostitutes.  Yes they are often naked. Yes they are sometimes used as a source of humor.  However I don't think that means the makers of the show hate women.What about the Twilight movies that had that kid going around without his shirt all the time in order to titillate the 40-something moms and their teen daughters?  Or the times when hunky guys are used for humorous situations in other films and television shows?  Do you find that offensive as well?Also that question "men are not an oppressed group, why would I care about their depiction?" is outrageous.  If you care about how one group is portrayed, you should care about how ANY group is portrayed.  Otherwise you are a hypocrite. The sex workers were there for entertainment. D&D are therefore objectifying women. Therefore the show is misogynistic in its portrayal of sex workers.Women are oppressed due to their gender; men are not. Anyway, the men in this series are not objectified, which is what I'm complaining about.What, you mean like how both Cersei and Danaerys randomly have lesbian encounters for no other purpose but titillation? Or how Asha seems to be into this weird rape roleplay in DwD? or how in the books, women wear a dress in Qarth that bares one breast for no reason? Cersei and Dany's lesbian encounters are both relevant to the plot. I'm sure titillation was part of the motivation behind them, but that's not the only reason they were there. It showed Cersei's lack of sexuality and her inability to enjoy Robert's role, and it showed Dany's reawakened sexuality and likely bisexuality. Dany also had a lot more scenes with Irri that were offscreen, so clearly they were not just there to "titillate".
4140	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	Anyway, the men in this series are not objectified, which is what I'm complaining about.I agree with a lot of what you're saying, but this is bullshit. In a lot of Fantasy, and definitely GoT, men are objectified as all being horrible rapists. If you want respect for your gender, show respect to and a desire to see respect for both genders. You're literally complaining that men are not being objectified. That's about as hypocritical as it gets.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 06:42 AM.
4141	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	The sex workers were there for entertainment. D&D are therefore objectifying women. Therefore the show is misogynistic in its portrayal of sex workers.Women are oppressed due to their gender; men are not. Anyway, the men in this series are not objectified, which is what I'm complaining about.See, I have a problem with the whole "objectification" business.  Why is the enjoyment of the female form (or any form of the human body) a negative?  And why is the portrayal of such in a sexual manner a negative?  People are smart.  They know that there is more to women than just being "objects."  Does that mean their physical aspects should not be admired?And there are plenty of examples of intelligent, strong women with more going on than their bodies on the show to illustrate that there are more to women than a pair of tits.  In fact there are many more scenes of women who are using their brains and personal fortitude than there are of women who are there to be admired physically.Anyway it doesn't matter if men are not oppressed due to their gender.  It's still a double standard.  Are you saying that if men were traditionally oppressed and women weren't, you'd be totally fine with the female nudity and sexual content on Game of Thrones?And once again you are misusing the term "misogynistic."  The portrayal of women on Game of Thrones does not indicate that the producers hate women.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 06:46 AM.
4142	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	I do agree that the show makers are not misogynistic, scenes like this are simply brought down to them being cheap dumbasses and knowing how to play a cheap audience. If they were misogynistic, I don't believe Brienne would kick as much ass as she did (read: far more than in the book) or certain male characters wouldn't be dumbed down to simpering fools who are easily controlled by women (Show Robb, Show Theon, Show Stannis fe). However (!),People are smart.  They know that there is more to women than just being "objects."That's the most naive thing I've ever read. As George Carlin would've said, people are fucking dumb. The majority is always prone to attitude that resembles that of a caveman closest. The whores are little more than objects in the way they're portrayed, too. They're for sale, they don't act out of love, they fake their feelings and are thus not women in the way you're supposed to see them (which is also one of the reasons I do NOT find any whore scenes sexy at all, their behaviour is completely different from a woman who acts out of actual passion).
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 07:04 AM.
4143	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	So I shouldn't watch a TV show based on one of my favourite book series simply because I'm tired of the constant sexism?No. I'll keep watching it. And I'll keep posting about its major flaws. Feel free to blacklist my posts if you find my posts offensive. You're well aware that I'm critical of the show for its misogynistic objectification of women, and if you find my criticism offensive don't read it. Then everyone is happy./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />This argument is invalid.You are on a forum for a TV version of books where the feudal societies or wealthy take advantage of everyone.  Some take advantage of low born serfs, Others make and capture slaves, use torture and male genital mutilation to make armies...and you are surprised this is represented with prostitution, nudity and an imbalance between the sexes in regards to the female characters on TV? Come. On.Im watching Shae about to give head.Which she does in the books REPEATEDLY... I MUST be sexist, because I have no problem with this whatsoever...
4144	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	I do agree that the show makers are not misogynistic, scenes like this are simply brought down to them being cheap dumbasses and knowing how to play a cheap audience. If they were misogynistic, I don't believe Brienne would kick as much ass as she did (read: far more than in the book) or certain male characters wouldn't be dumbed down to simpering fools who are easily controlled by women (Show Robb, Show Theon, Show Stannis fe). However (!),That's the most naive thing I've ever read. As George Carlin would've said, people are fucking dumb. The majority is always prone to attitude that resembles that of a caveman closest. The whores are little more than objects in the way they're portrayed, too. They're for sale, they don't act out of love, they fake their feelings and are thus not women in the way you're supposed to see them (which is also one of the reasons I do NOT find any whore scenes sexy at all, their behaviour is completely different from a woman who acts out of actual passion).THATS THE FUCKING POINTACTING(underlined) AS WHORES! ...for the love of Pete...
4145	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	You didn't get what I was saying? I said that the fact they're acting like whores makes them unattractive and makes me dislike the scenes.
It's not just the whores that are objectified, it's also the non-whore (more or less) female characters, although I'll say this is a bigger problem with the fanbase rather than the show itself. You just have to read and comments on any Rose Leslie interview to see what a bunch of ill-bred arsemonkeys make out the average male GoT viewer. Literally 95 percent of comments on those videos are 'can't wait to see her naked' 'I wanna see her boobs', blablabla. They don't care about the character or its development. They care about her body. In the same way, no one cares about who these whores really are, because the show gives us nothing to care about. That's objectification.
Patrick's concerns pertain to the show makers' priorities (clearly T and A and whores and whores and whores) and how they choose to portray the different things that are wrong about Westeros, not the way the world actually is. You obviously don't understand the difference between the two.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 08:08 AM.
4146	Buckwheat	2013-04-16	I must say I think they are trying to tone down the nudity and sex in the new season, for which I am grateful, but I am still on the side that this scene was unnecessary.Also I agree with those saying that Tyrion might have paid the whores to give the money back to Pod, but it was not made clear enough. The reasoning confused me.The argument for more male nudity seems pretty ridiculous to me. You are all basically saying "i want more porn in got omg". Well, go watch some porn, i would post links but i am kind of afraid of getting banned. The female nudity in GoT sometimes serves a plot/artistic purpose, and sometimes is pointless, but saying that there should be more naked men because horny girls watch the series as well.... Well, just switch the channel, i'm sure you'll find something that suppresses your libido more than a fantasy story adaptation.Nobody is asking for more nudity in the show, but for a more balanced quota of male and female nudity.I think toning down the nudity overall is a solution to go for, and just adopt the meaningful sex scenes from the books. If that is not the solution, giving equal screen time to male and female nudity is the best next thing to do.If you've ever read any of my posts on the main forum you'd know that I'm sometimes critical of GRRM's portrayal of women. But it's still far better than anything the showrunners have done.Except the exchange: "All men must die." "But we are not men." last episode. That was quite feminist. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />See, I have a problem with the whole "objectification" business.  Why is the enjoyment of the female form (or any form of the human body) a negative?  And why is the portrayal of such in a sexual manner a negative?  People are smart.  They know that there is more to women than just being "objects."  Does that mean their physical aspects should not be admired?And there are plenty of examples of intelligent, strong women with more going on than their bodies on the show to illustrate that there are more to women than a pair of tits.  In fact there are many more scenes of women who are using their brains and personal fortitude than there are of women who are there to be admired physically.Really? This season I am actually missing any women doing intelligent political stuff up to now, with the exception of Dany, who also acts more out of her feelings (the pity for the slaves) than her head. Otherwise, we have:- Cat, crying over the loss of her family- Cersei, who this season has not been shown doing any plotting up to now- Sansa, the helpless girl waiting to be rescued- Shae, the whore who fell in love with the man who pays herWho is left are Arya, Margaery, Brienne and Olenna actually making decisions and planning and trying to be smart. Compared to the tens of male characters going around plotting, making decisions and whatever else is needed, plus the fact that scenes of naked men are not thrown in the show for no other purpose but to fulfil the nudity quota.And how is objectification good?
4147	Kittykatknits	2013-04-16	I agree with a lot of what you're saying, but this is bullshit. In a lot of Fantasy, and definitely GoT, men are objectified as all being horrible rapists. If you want respect for your gender, show respect to and a desire to see respect for both genders. You're literally complaining that men are not being objectified. That's about as hypocritical as it gets.I don't think that's what PatrickStormborn was saying. I've read quite a bit from him on his opinions regarding the books and show and would hazard a guess that his point that the female gender is being objectified while the men are not. In other words, it's happening to women instead of men, rather than a more balanced approach. He's not looking to watch something that has a bunch of men treated as objects either.See, I have a problem with the whole "objectification" business.  Why is the enjoyment of the female form (or any form of the human body) a negative?  And why is the portrayal of such in a sexual manner a negative?  People are smart.  They know that there is more to women than just being "objects."  Does that mean their physical aspects should not be admired?And there are plenty of examples of intelligent, strong women with more going on than their bodies on the show to illustrate that there are more to women than a pair of tits.  In fact there are many more scenes of women who are using their brains and personal fortitude than there are of women who are there to be admired physically.Anyway it doesn't matter if men are not oppressed due to their gender.  It's still a double standard.  Are you saying that if men were traditionally oppressed and women weren't, you'd be totally fine with the female nudity and sexual content on Game of Thrones?And once again you are misusing the term "misogynistic."  The portrayal of women on Game of Thrones does not indicate that the producers hate women.I believe you are conflating misogynistic behavior with a person who is a misogynist. The first is what we see happening in the show, no one is accusing D&D of being misogynists themselves.The objectification that many of us are talking about comes from the fact that the nudity is almost exclusively of women. Efforts in this thread to list male nudity show just how off balance the show is (there was Hodor that one time!!!).Why is the depiction of men in a sexual manner such a problem for this show? Why do they shy away from its use? After all, the male form is just as beautiful and pleasing as the female form. So, if nudity is used, why can't they give us both?I'd also echo Buckwheat when it comes the depiction of women in the show. She's spot on.THATS THE FUCKING POINTACTING(underlined) AS WHORES!...for the love of Pete...No, that's really not the point. There is lots of sex in the books, perhaps even more than in the TV show. But, the sex is between the actual characters, fully fleshed out male and female characters. The sex may be explicit but it also helps us learn more about them and is a natural part of the world they are in. We learn about Asha during her scene with Qarl and Tyrion's scenes with Shae reveal quite a bit about his character's views/perceptions of relationships/sex/love. He treats Shae as an object during many of their sex scenes yet we as readers can get something out of it.The show, for the most part, has steered away from much of this. The emphasis D&D have placed on nudity and sexuality are transaction based encounters between men and women. The nudity in the show is almost exclusively female. They take off their clothes in order to seduce men (Stannis and Mel last season, for example), consensual sex scenes require the woman to completely undress while the man stays clothed. With the exception of Renly and Loras, the sex and nudity is large shown through the eyes of a heterosexual male. This isn't chance or an accident, we know that for a fact. We KNOW that D&D have deliberately made the choice to satisfy the "perverts in the audience". If you can't see why some of us would have a problem with this, I really don't know what to tell you.This article is very relevant in this thread: http://weeklysift.co...the-privileged/Quite a bit of it going on.
4148	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-16	Oh i see, It must be me not understanding all the references and sub text in the novels and how they would be portrayed on screen without a referential background.
I'm glad we cleared that up.
Phew.
4149	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	^ You act as if someone's attacking you personally because they don't like this scene. Way to miss the point.I don't think that's what PatrickStormborn was saying. I've read quite a bit from him on his opinions regarding the books and show and would hazard a guess that his point that the female gender is being objectified while the men are not. In other words, it's happening to women instead of men, rather than a more balanced approach. He's not looking to watch something that has a bunch of men treated as objects either.Maybe that's what he meant, but what he literally said was: 'Anyway, the men in this series are not objectified, which is what I'm complaining about.'Wording is important.
4150	Buckwheat	2013-04-16	I'd also echo Buckwheat when it comes the depiction of women in the show. She's spot on.Thank you. I think all of your posts in this thread are spot on too. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Oh i see, It must be me not understanding all the references and sub text in the novels and how they would be portrayed on screen without a referential background.I'm glad we cleared that up.Phew.And this contributes to the discussion how?I think even a non-reader could get the point being made: that the women on the show are being objectified while the men are not.
4151	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	They could have used so many more scenes to lighten the mood, that would have advanced the story a little at the same time!Justifying the scene plainly because they "needed something to lighten the mood" isn't enough because they could have had:A scene of Ygritte teasing Jon about sex like in Season 2 - that was quite light-hearted and fun to watch, and it would have brought the romance back between them this season that has been completely void so farA scene between Thoros and Arya, Thoros telling her where he plans to take her because that hasn't been explained yet, could have used a few light-hearted dialogue between Arya and Gendry here tooMaybe a conversation between Bran and Jojen, introducing Jojen a little bit more, a scene of them playing with some cute direwolves? I'm sure that'd lighten the moodThere are probably tonnes more that would have worked better than the Pod + whores scene.I very, very, VERY MUCH AGREE.I like sex as much as the next person, but as a female I've got to laugh at:The show is not misogynistic.Well, I'm going to tell you that the excessive amount of female nudity toentertain dudebro viewers.Is pretty misogynistic.And this argument of ''ahhh don't watch it then blah blah then we'll be happy''What? So I should stop watching a show that I ultimately enjoy because I'm criticizing it's excessive amount of female nudity that is used as a way to keep many male casual viewers watching the show? Which also takes time away from important plot poins and characterisation? And that characterisation that could have been just as light-hearted and actually important? A show that is adapted from one of my favourite book series? Apparently I and people with similar opinions to me can't critique something?My, my.
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 16 April 2013 - 09:46 AM.
4152	uhubuiik	2013-04-16	I hated this scene. it does not make any senses.  
1. the whores would never turn down money
2. they no its not his money so why give it back.
3. if i was pod i would want to get paid and then choose what to do with it 
4. i cant think of a worst first time than 3 whores.
4153	SilentSense	2013-04-16	They don't care about the character or its development. They care about her body. In the same way, no one cares about who these whores really are, because the show gives us nothing to care about. That's objectification.What? The show shouldn't give us anything to care about because there are enough characters we are supposed to care about as it is. Not every random character needs to be given flesh. Not every whore needs to be made a Shae, not every sellsword needs to be made a Bronn. So, with non-important characters, we see sellswords being sellswords, soliders being soldiers, smiths being smiths and whores being whores.So, given that there's nothing at all wrong with letting minor character whores remain minor character whores to the viewer, is there something wrong with showing the sex scenes explicitly ie catering to the 18-whatever male audience who wants to see boobs? I don't think so. Having created a very successful show, the producers presumably know the ingredients of commercial success and that's the only obligation they have. If, on the other hand, they had an obligation not produce entertainment that has a potentially undesirably influence on people's opinions and attitudes, a LOT needs to be cut out of GOT and it would lose its appeal.
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 10:20 AM.
4154	di229	2013-04-16	I hated this scene. it does not make any senses.  1. the whores would never turn down money2. they no its not his money so why give it back.3. if i was pod i would want to get paid and then choose what to do with it4. i cant think of a worst first time than 3 whores.Seriously?? Hahahaha more creativity needed!
4155	greensleeves	2013-04-16	What? So I should stop watching a show that I ultimately enjoy because I'm criticizing it's excessive amount of female nudity that is used as a way to keep many male casual viewers watching the show? Which also takes time away from important plot poins and characterisation? And that characterisation that could have been just as light-hearted and actually important? A show that is adapted from one of my favourite book series? Apparently I and people with similar opinions to me can't critique something?Yeah.  I think that if they continue along this path they have to retroactively stop being offended by that old New York Times review.  The reviewer's reasons for saying that Game of Thrones is a 'show for boys' may have been off, but that's basically what they're turning it into.  They are spending a lot of time clearly catering to the demand for T&A... this wouldn't bother me so much if it were done in a well written way, but they've increasingly done it in such a jarring way that it impacts my viewing.  When the 'Tyrion reveals the whores' scene started, I checked out of the story... it was obvious that this portion of the episode was not for me and that I should just check my e-mail or something.  This doesn't have to be the case.  There have been plenty of scenes depicting female nudity that have not completely thrown me out of the world.That being said it would be nice if there were more of a balance over all (I feel like the show is getting worse in this respect).... and that's not even the end of it with these two scenes.  There's also some really, extra bad writing on top...I hated this scene. it does not make any senses.  1. the whores would never turn down money2. they no its not his money so why give it back.3. if i was pod i would want to get paid and then choose what to do with it4. i cant think of a worst first time than 3 whores.Welcome to the forums .  Your points are all spot on.  In addition to the points above... the scenes didn't make any sense.  I have seen on this forum several differing, well thought out theories as to who paid the whores... they all make some sense.  This is a big problem because the show should have made it clear.  Instead of actually giving us a character scene we got 'the great whore mystery of episode 3x03'.A lot of people actually believe that Pod was just that good < there is no eye roll big enough to respond properly to this>.  There are some that believe Pod didn't partake.  Some believe that Littlefinger paid and at least one person thought it was Ros.  Tyrion seems to be a popular culprit, but as you point out there are much better and more honest things Tyrion could have done for Pod.  This could be a reflection of Tyrion's own issues with women and sex, but again... it's just not made clear.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 16 April 2013 - 10:40 AM.
4156	Gannicus	2013-04-16	I very, very, VERY MUCH AGREE.I like sex as much as the next person, but as a female I've got to laugh at:Well, I'm going to tell you that the excessive amount of female nudity toIs pretty misogynistic.And this argument of ''ahhh don't watch it then blah blah then we'll be happy''What? So I should stop watching a show that I ultimately enjoy because I'm criticizing it's excessive amount of female nudity that is used as a way to keep many male casual viewers watching the show? Which also takes time away from important plot poins and characterisation? And that characterisation that could have been just as light-hearted and actually important? A show that is adapted from one of my favourite book series? Apparently I and people with similar opinions to me can't critique something?My, my.There are misogynistic characters to be sure, but I wouldn't say the show itself is misogynistic.The show has portrayed a lot of awesome female characters who seem as competent and capable as the men they are around. How is it perpetuating a hatred of women?If you mean the show objectifies women to an extent that's true. In our current world both men and women are objectified and I'm sorry the ladies feel hard done by the few number of cocks on screen(May I recommend Any Given Sunday). But in the reality of the world Martin has created the objectification of women is a much more critical component.Like I said, the men and women who I watched it with all thought it was funny and a cute coming of age thing for Pod. If you had seen the whores while they were still fully clothed would that have changed your opinion on the scene?
					
					
							Edited by Gannicus, 16 April 2013 - 10:31 AM.
4157	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	Haha I bet most people's first time was worse than three whores at once.
Anyway, I want everyone to know how responsible and sensitive I am by condemning the nudity and sexual content on Game of Thrones.  Also, misogyny, male gaze, etc.
Now excuse my while I hypocritically enjoy some pornography on the internet.
4158	piratesswoop	2013-04-16	Why do I feel like the people calling those who didn't like the scene "uptight virgins" are probably virgins themselves?
4159	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Why do I feel like the people calling those who didn't like the scene "uptight virgins" are probably virgins themselves?No doubt for the same reason those people call others uptight virgins in the first place. :>
4160	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	And this argument of ''ahhh don't watch it then blah blah then we'll be happy''What? So I should stop watching a show that I ultimately enjoy because I'm criticizing it's excessive amount of female nudity that is used as a way to keep many male casual viewers watching the show? Which also takes time away from important plot poins and characterisation? And that characterisation that could have been just as light-hearted and actually important? A show that is adapted from one of my favourite book series? Apparently I and people with similar opinions to me can't critique something?My, my.Well the show isn't changing. The only thing under your control is choosing to watch it or not.Spartacus was brought up earlier. I watched some episodes and found the portrayal of sex and violence to not be to my tastes. So I stopped watching.Nobody said you were going to be happy /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4161	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	Why do I feel like the people calling those who didn't like the scene "uptight virgins" are probably virgins themselves?Does this same logic apply to those that lay accusations of sexism?
4162	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I think a lot of people are seeing black and white when they see the word 'misogyny' I am not saying the showrunners hate women. I believe they are using a cheap trick to entertain certain male viewers. It's perpetuating misogyny to use these sex workers for amusement and to fill the sexy quota for these viewers. That's why many of us are asking; if there must be nudity, why not with important characters? eg Renly and Loras, which wasn't a bad scene at all. Even Shae and Tyrion. And why not more male nudity? Between two important characters.Why is it just female nudity? Very often? I said I wanted to be cast as Mya Stone if they ever had her and someone asked me ''would you be okay showing your tits?'' What the fuck? She never does that in the books, so it's safe to say this has kind of set people up to expect this sort of nudity. I love the female and male form, the naked body is a beautiful thing; however, these scenes are used to titillate  for no reason and are taking up time better used elsewhere. What's so difficult to see about all this? What's so hard to understand? Why do I have to see again and again a woman unwrap herself like some present in front of the eyes of a fully clothed man? Why can't I see some desire from an important female character and not the various random whore scenes? Scenes are sex workers used to repeatedly satisfy certain viewers? Hmm. Well the show isn't changing. The only thing under your control is choosing to watch it or not.Spartacus was brought up earlier. I watched some episodes and found the portrayal of sex and violence to not be to my tastes. So I stopped watching.Nobody said you were going to be happy /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />What an awful argument. So people can't criticise? They should just shut up and watch? I love this show, but it has its faults. Stop trying to end all discussion, otherwise what is the point in this sub-forum? Why are you here?
4163	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	What an awful argument. So people can't criticise? They should just shut up and watch?I love this show, but it has its faults. Stop trying to end all discussion, otherwise what is the point in this sub-forum? Why are you here?Hmm. I didn't say you couldn't criticize, though it sounds more you are the one trying to shut me up, not the other way around.What's the bad argument? If sexism is something you feel strongly about and you find evidence for it in a show you watch, why is it such a leap that you would choose not to consume said show?Imagine two ASoIaF fans:Fan A: Loves the books, but does not watch the HBO show because they find the portrayal of women distastefulFan B: Loves the books and watches the show intently despite finding the portrayal of women distastefulHow is Fan A more ridiculous?
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 16 April 2013 - 11:09 AM.
4164	Tadco26	2013-04-16	That is kind of like saying if you don't want to read any negative comments about the show don't read a fan message board. If you enjoy the show you better hope that the people who have some complaints enjoy it enough to watch it despite their complaints. Otherwise the show won't be nearly as successful.
The sex part of the sex scenes doesn't bother me, but the writers don't get much sympathy when they say they can't include scenes from the book due to lack of screen time, when they create a ~7 minute plot that revolves completely around a sex scene they made up.  There are, as many have pointed out, quite a few sex scenes in the book.  I don't see the need to make up new ones when they are so strapped for screen time.  Especially since the average chapter of material is covered in 3-5 minutes, making this Pod scene the virtual equivalent of if GRRM had written ~2 chapters revolving around a single sex scene.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 16 April 2013 - 11:17 AM.
4165	The Mighty Conch	2013-04-16	^[img]http://www.fatwallet.com/static/attachments/251256_anchorman_well_that_escalated_quickly_966.jpg[/img]
4166	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	The only actual plot value I can see in the repeated whore scenes is that it may make the reveal of Tyrion/Tysha that much more powerful.  Still, it's overkill.
As for the sexism stuff...sheesh, I wish folks would regurgitate college lectures elsewhere instead of politicizing everything.  If it's any comfort, they also showed Theon about to be raped.
					
					
							Edited by Former Lord of Winterfell, 16 April 2013 - 11:14 AM.
4167	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Hmm. I didn't say you couldn't criticize, though it sounds more you are the one trying to shut me up, not the other way around.What's the bad argument? If sexism is something you feel strongly about and you find evidence for it in a show you watch, why is it such a leap that you would choose not to consume said show?I think you're getting a bit personal now. I don't want to shut any body up, this sub-forum is here for discussion. I don't think the show is sexist, I said it isn't as black and white as that, but it is perpetuating sexist themes. So because I have a personal fault with one area of a show I ultimately enjoy very much, please don't tell me that it would be best for me to cease watching the show entirely. That's a very strange argument. I ask you again, why are you visiting this sub-forum? You are here to talk about this episode, to discuss it? Critique should be welcome within the sphere of discussion.
4168	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	Like I said before, sex scenes don't bother me, but don't tell me how much of a problem it is to include things from the book due to lack of time when you create a ~7 minute plot that revolves completely around a sex scene they made up.  There are, as many have pointed out, quite a few sex scenes in the book.  I don't see the need to make up new ones when they are so strapped for screen time.  Especially since the average chapter of material is covered in 3-5 minutes, making this Pod scene the virtual equivalent of if GRRM had written ~2 chapters revolving around a single sex scene.If it were up to me, I would trade plot for tits and ass every time. But the show is what it is and isn't changing
4169	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	If it were up to me, I would trade plot for tits and ass every time. But the show is what it is and isn't changingI don't understand...you would trade valid plot just to see more nudity? Watch porn.
4170	greensleeves	2013-04-16	Fan A: Loves the books, but does not watch the HBO show because they find the portrayal of women distastefulFan B: Loves the books and watches the show intently despite finding the portrayal of women distastefulFan C: Loves the books and watches the show intently despite finding the portrayal of women distasteful; decides to speak up on an internet forumFan D: Decides to spend time defending problematic portrayals of women and by saying that maybe Fan C should just shut up about it and stop watching the show.Who's the asshole?Also, if you want tits and ass there's plenty of it that comes with your HBO subscription... There's pretty much a whole section dedicated to it.  Enjoy!  Game of Thrones is meant to be a show that both genders can enjoy.
4171	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	And lo and behold, we're seeing it. ''tits and ass''. 
Charming.
4172	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	I don't understand...you would trade valid plot just to see more nudity?Watch porn.You misunderstand. I would choose plot
4173	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Fan C: Loves the books and watches the show intently despite finding the portrayal of women distasteful; decides to speak up on an internet forumFan D: Decides to spend time defending problematic portrayals of women and by saying that maybe Fan C should just shut up about it and stop watching the show.Who's the asshole?Also, if you want tits and ass there's plenty of it that comes with your HBO subscription... There's pretty much a whole section dedicated to it.  Enjoy!  Game of Thrones is meant to be a show that both genders can enjoy.Definitely. Said it better than I could. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4174	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	You misunderstand. I would choose plotI was only asking. You said ''I would trade plot for tits and ass'' but your latter ''but'' confused me. Good that you prefer plot, obviously.
4175	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	Fan C: Loves the books and watches the show intently despite finding the portrayal of women distasteful; decides to speak up on an internet forumFan D: Decides to spend time defending problematic portrayals of women and by saying that maybe Fan C should just shut up about it and stop watching the show.Who's the asshole?And I am the one accused of getting personal?This is twice now I have been accused of telling posters they have to shut up, when I have done no such thing. Projection?ETA: I'm not even going to address your post further because of your lack of civilityAlso, if you want tits and ass there's plenty of it that comes with your HBO subscription... There's pretty much a whole section dedicated to it.  Enjoy!  Game of Thrones is meant to be a show that both genders can enjoy.clarified above
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 16 April 2013 - 11:26 AM.
4176	teemo	2013-04-16	I can't believe how angry some people are getting over others finding the show misogynistic at times and telling them to just "watch something else."  Why can't people enjoy the series yet still have complaints?  Isn't that what forums are for?
4177	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I can't believe how angry some people are getting over others finding the show misogynistic at times and telling them to just "watch something else."  Why can't people enjoy the series yet still have complaints?  Isn't that what forums are for?Exactly. This is a sub-forum for discussion.I repeat; criticism has its place within the sphere of discussion.
4178	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	And I am the one accused of getting personal?Let's drop this now, please. We were just highlighting what a strange view-point it is to have. See:I can't believe how angry some people are getting over others finding the show misogynistic at times and telling them to just "watch something else."  Why can't people enjoy the series yet still have complaints?  Isn't that what forums are for?
4179	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	That is kind of like saying if you don't want to read any negative comments about the show don't read a fan message board. If you enjoy the show you better hope that the people who have some complaints enjoy it enough to watch it despite their complaints. Otherwise the show won't be nearly as successful.The sex part of the sex scenes doesn't bother me, but the writers don't get much sympathy when they say they can't include scenes from the book due to lack of screen time, when they create a ~7 minute plot that revolves completely around a sex scene they made up.  There are, as many have pointed out, quite a few sex scenes in the book.  I don't see the need to make up new ones when they are so strapped for screen time.  Especially since the average chapter of material is covered in 3-5 minutes, making this Pod scene the virtual equivalent of if GRRM had written ~2 chapters revolving around a single sex scene. QFTFan C: Loves the books and watches the show intently despite finding the portrayal of women distasteful; decides to speak up on an internet forumFan D: Decides to spend time defending problematic portrayals of women and by saying that maybe Fan C should just shut up about it and stop watching the show.Who's the asshole?Also, if you want tits and ass there's plenty of it that comes with your HBO subscription... There's pretty much a whole section dedicated to it.  Enjoy!  Game of Thrones is meant to be a show that both genders can enjoy.This made my day.
4180	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	Exactly. This is a sub-forum for discussion.I repeat; criticism has its place within the sphere of discussion.I think the point is that these political issues are being included in topics that aren't clearly identified as such.  If the thread was "sexism and misogyny in Ep. 303", then I don't think there'd be any complaints.
4181	numbskull	2013-04-16	I was only asking.You said ''I would trade plot for tits and ass'' but your latter ''but'' confused me.Good that you prefer plot, obviously.can i not get tits and ass WITH plot - porn is so lacking these days /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  lol
4182	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-16	There's a difference between homophobia and sexism IN THE WORLD and homophobia and sexism in the portrayal of characters. The show has both.Obviously any brothel scene will be portrayal of objectification of women that was and still rampant in the world. Are you arguing that those whores were there as eye candy for the viewers so that's why it's a sexist scene? Well I could see it that way but the problem is I could argue that the scene was intended to show Tyrion's appreciation of what Pod did. Furthermore as I posted earlier, Pod bringing the money back was probably because Ros had instructed the girls not take his money to somehow return Tyrion's favor in saving her ass. Additionally both scenes gave Pod more screen time, since as we know he will be following Brienne on her quest, so that the viewers had more points of reference as to who Pod is and give a shit. The scenes as others mentioned also were a break in between gruesome scenes of torture and death. All in all arguments supporting the usefulness of the scenes outweigh the blatant sexism argument.The sex workers were there for entertainment. D&D are therefore objectifying women. Therefore the show is misogynistic in its portrayal of sex workers.See above.Women are oppressed due to their gender; men are not. Anyway, the men in this series are not objectified, which is what I'm complaining about.I don't think you meant the bold part as you worded it, so I give you the benefit of the doubt, else it's very hypocritical of you.Cersei and Dany's lesbian encounters are both relevant to the plot. I'm sure titillation was part of the motivation behind them, but that's not the only reason they were there. It showed Cersei's lack of sexuality and her inability to enjoy Robert's role, and it showed Dany's reawakened sexuality and likely bisexuality. Dany also had a lot more scenes with Irri that were offscreen, so clearly they were not just there to "titillate".Again see my longer reply above on this, I basically made the same argument on the issue so you will naturally be satisfied unless you don't follow your own logic.
					
					
							Edited by Frog One, 16 April 2013 - 11:40 AM.
4183	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	can i not get tits and ass WITH plot - porn is so lacking these days /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  lolCan I not get some nice male nudity and plot? Or some actual female desire? I think the point is that these political issues are being included in topics that aren't clearly identified as such.  If the thread was "sexism and misogyny in Ep. 303", then I don't think there'd be any complaints.I don't think so. If the thread had been titled as such we would get the same sort of arguments, I assure you.
4184	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I think it's sometimes helpful to read through the whole thread if you have a specific point you have fault with, as it's probably been covered if it was several pages back.
4185	teemo	2013-04-16	The writing on the show is a bit sexist...why is so hard for people to accept?  Men are fully clothed when they have sex, yet you can see the woman's vagina (okay, there was that one time that Theon flashed his junk for half a second).  Sometimes I feel like a teenage boy is writing these scenes.  I'm all for nudity in the right context and this show obviously requires it, but the difference between GoT nudity and Sopranos/Deadwood/Boardwalk nudity is that GoT just shoves it in there (no pun intended) any time they want and it feels so gratuitous, which is not only sexist, but brings down the quality of the show.  There have been very few times I've watched one of the other above shows and said, "yep, this is only here to feel boob quota."  GoT nudity is more like True Blood/Spartacus nudity (except Spartacus actually has naked men).  To say that the show isn't sexist but is just "reflecting the times," well...I find that to be BS.  I didn't find Rome sexist and there was nudity galore.  OH YEAH, and we got to see Mark Antony in glorious full frontal nudity. Instead of the 4 whore contortionist act, they could have achieved the same exact result by having Tyrion send in Pod to a naked whore and be like, "congrats" or whatever witty thing he has to say.  There - Pod gets rewarded, Pod is noted, and there's even nudity.  Instead, like someone said earlier, it feels like Tyrion is a pervy game show host with whores and we waste 7 minutes on a scene that's not really related to anything.  Like someone else also mentioned, I would have rather have seen Edmure in a brothel at Riverrun or something...not to mention, there are plenty of other ways to "lighten the mood" of the show (someone above made a nice list).  
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 11:57 AM.
4186	Dornish Whine	2013-04-16	My 2 cents on that scene - It was all an excuse for the Meereenese Knot joke.  Made me lol.  The nudity etc was gratuitous, however.
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Whine, 16 April 2013 - 11:50 AM.
4187	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-16	"the shows portrays a negative view of women and it's misogynist"...
I didn't know Game of Thrones was a documentary about the roles of women across the History. Or... what if we better adapt a "Modern" Game of Thrones, in which women are respected, have rights and they aren't forced to prostitution?... wait a minute... women nowadays still have no rights and are forced to prostitution in a lot of places. Also, if we start asking for GoT to be correlative with our modern values and morals, it should be a show about the United Kindoms Organization setting up endless meetings while all the Lord just threaten to each other to release dragons or shadows. I would DIE to watch that.
4188	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-16	No. All of your points have been brought up earlier, and have been proven invalid. We've been over this already earlier in the topic.Actually I have followed this thread closely and those arguments have not been proven invalid, maybe they are not valid in your view but that does not mean they have been proven invalid like it's science.
4189	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	The writing on the show is a bit sexist...why is so hard for people to accept?  Men are fully clothed when they have sex, yet you can see the woman's vagina (okay, there was that one time that Theon flashed his junk for half a second).  Sometimes I feel like a teenage boy is writing these scenes.This has several reasons, one being that a lot of guys think seeing a naked guy will magically make them gay. Remember the uproar the first Loras / Renly scene caused? Right.While it's not a defense for this scene (hell no!) it is worth noting that in general (this means, not all) women would prefer seeing a naked woman over seeing a naked man. I'm not kidding.This is partially caused by it being more socially accepted for men to freely talk about women's bodies and flaunt their desires than it is for women (who would then be called 'sluts').Actually I have followed this thread closely and those arguments have not been proven invalid, maybe they are not valid in your view but that does not mean they have been proven invalid like it's science.So you mean there's no way to find out whether or not they're valid or invalid? Ok, they're invalid.Example of how a point can be disproven:'Obviously any brothel scene will be portrayal of objectification of women that was and still rampant in the world' - No. Remember when that baby was killed? That was a brothel scene, and one of the whores was showed as a caring mother, reminding us that they are people, too. This scene did nothing like that. They are portrayed as mindless objects.Right to an opinion gives you the right to speak your mind, but it doesn't give you the right to forego logic or solid argumentation (i.e. 'it is my opinion, thus it cannot be wrong').
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 12:04 PM.
4190	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	I can't believe how angry some people are getting over others finding the show misogynistic at times and telling them to just "watch something else."  Why can't people enjoy the series yet still have complaints?  Isn't that what forums are for?Not sure if this is at me, but my tone in this thread is rather neutral. If there was any anger, it was directed at me. Nowhere did I say people had to stop watching the show and stop posting in the boards.
4191	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	"the shows portrays a negative view of women and it's misogynist"...I didn't know Game of Thrones was a documentary about the roles of women across the History. Or... what if we better adapt a "Modern" Game of Thrones, in which women are respected, have rights and they aren't forced to prostitution?... wait a minute... women nowadays still have no rights and are forced to prostitution in a lot of places. Also, if we start asking for GoT to be correlative with our modern values and morals, it should be a show about the United Kindoms Organization setting up endless meetings while all the Lord just threaten to each other to release dragons or shadows. I would DIE to watch that.You have successfully missed the point of so many posters.It has almost been universally said, in this discussion, that the problem is not the sexism within the show (characters being sexist), but it is the fact that female (and sex worker, at that) nudity is used to satisfy a portion of the audience and is perpetuating sexist themes, because of this.We have also taken issue with the fact that the nudity is seemingly mostly with whores, added scenes that add nothing to the show.And thirdly, why is there not more male nudity? Why is it almost exclusively female nudity to titillate a few male viewers?I'll repeat something I mentioned early on in the thread. When I said I wanted to be cast as Mya Stone once, someone asked me if ''I was ok with showing my tits'' which is showing what an effect this is having on some viewers. They are expecting all the female characters to ''get naked'' and often, not really caring about their stories much ''ugh, can't wait until we see her naked''
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 16 April 2013 - 12:01 PM.
4192	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-16	This has several reasons, one being that a lot of guys think seeing a naked guy will magically make them gay. Remember the uproar the first Loras / Renly scene caused? Right.While it's not a defense for this scene (hell no!) it is worth noting that in general (this means, not all) women would prefer seeing a naked woman over seeing a naked man. I'm not kidding.This is partially caused by it being more socially accepted for men to freely talk about women's bodies and flaunt their desires than it is for women (who would then be called 'sluts').So you mean there's no way to find out whether or not they're valid or invalid? Ok, they're invalid.You don't read posts that disagree with you properly it seems, it's a sign that you lack the capacity to discuss stuff with others. Anyway how are you gonna prove that all I brought up in support of my argument as invalid? I don't see anything that backs your claim.
4193	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Please, let's  stop getting so heated and personal with each other please.
4194	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	And actually Frog One, that poster was right when they said most of the points you take issue with have been addressed. 
A light-hearted scene in between gruesome and depressing ones? Well, someone gave a lovely list of possible scenes. 
More Pod screen time? There will be plenty of time to introduce him more and make us care about him. 
The ''why didn't they accept the money? blah blah'' is just not an intriguing enough sub plot to keep it in. It's 7 minutes worth of screen time that could have been put to much better use.
4195	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	Let's drop this now, please. We were just highlighting what a strange view-point it is to have. See: /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> I really wasn't trying to start anything /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Nor was I attempting to dismiss the arguments being put forward. I quoted your post, but was really trying to respond more generally to this idea of not watching the showI know a lot of posters feel strongly about gender issues. My simple point was that I do not find it ridiculous that someone would stop consuming media that they find continually objectionable.
4196	YNGWLF	2013-04-16	If I rember correctly Pod is surprisingly good with his sword.
I guess in the show he's.. surprisingly good with his sword...
4197	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	/cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />I really wasn't trying to start anything /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Nor was I attempting to dismiss the arguments being put forward. I quoted your post, but was really trying to respond more generally to this idea of not watching the showI know a lot of posters feel strongly about gender issues. My simple point was that I do not find it ridiculous that someone would stop consuming media that they find continually objectionable.Well, whilst I understand where you were coming from I do very much enjoy this show and don't like the thought of ceasing to watch it because I critique certain areas of it. I think there have been some people who have been so unhappy with the show that they have stopped watching it though, which is fine.
4198	teemo	2013-04-16	This has several reasons, one being that a lot of guys think seeing a naked guy will magically make them gay. Remember the uproar the first Loras / Renly scene caused? Right.Ha...I actually got into a huugeeeee fight with a close friend over this, who has also read the books.  He would fast forward through any Renly/Loras scene and made a point to tell me constantly, "this isn't right.  No one wants to see men on television."  I was so appalled...it was an epic fight...
4199	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	I know a lot of posters feel strongly about gender issues. My simple point was that I do not find it ridiculous that someone would stop consuming media that they find continually objectionable. If everyone just stayed quiet about things they found "continually objectionable", nothing would ever change.I have no doubt that TV shows in the near future will look at the criticisms GoT has received and be careful to avoid them.
4200	Envie	2013-04-16	If everyone just stayed quiet about things they found "continually objectionable", nothing would ever change.I have no doubt that TV shows in the near future will look at the criticisms GoT has received and be careful to avoid them.Um no, the criticisms here on a fan page are not going to dictate how entertainment companies produce television shows. Dollars do that. And HBO has a huge win.
4201	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Um no, the criticisms here on a fan page are not going to dictate how entertainment companies produce television shows. Dollars do that. And HBO has a huge win.I think you're underestimating the power of the internet. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> There has been a huuuuuuge backlash to GoT's "sexposition" and sexist imbalance between female and male nudity (there was even a parody on SNL). I have absolutely no doubt that showrunners aware of this backlash and controversy will make an effort to avoid it.
4202	Kittykatknits	2013-04-16	If everyone just stayed quiet about things they found "continually objectionable", nothing would ever change.I have no doubt that TV shows in the near future will look at the criticisms GoT has received and be careful to avoid them.Um no, the criticisms here on a fan page are not going to dictate how entertainment companies produce television shows. Dollars do that. And HBO has a huge win.You might want to rethink that Envie. Criticisms on this board and elsewhere HAVE gotten to D&D and they have responded to it. More than once. We can't force them to change the content but by making our voices heard, other fans might rethink their opinions and other shows might reconsider how to handle/display sexism. If we see something that is problematic, the worst thing to do is just shut up and ignore it.Theda, you've done a great job articulating many of my thoughts in this thread. Thank you.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 16 April 2013 - 12:52 PM.
4203	greensleeves	2013-04-16	Theda, you've done a great job articulating many of my thoughts in this thread. Thank you.Agreed.
4204	teemo	2013-04-16	Actually, speaking up about a show that you really like can make changes happen.  Not always, obviously, but you'd be surprised how much shows listen to the fans sometimes.  And I actually know this.
4205	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Agreed x2/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I ask; if there was more male nudity and less nudity with whores in scenes that do not advance the plot in anyway, would we be as annoyed? No. Not at all.
4206	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Okay, Finally scene the episode and god that scene with Pod and the Whores was so unnecessary. They are skimming over over characters and not developing them as characters, and while the gossipy details scene afterwards was funny, it really was deflecting from the plot.
Also the two naked whores were fine, but the contortionist was actually a bit too much, and a bit too in your face. Also some male nudity in a good happy way and not Theon bottom about to be raped way would be nice. Maybe a male whorehouse scene for the Blackfish?
4207	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Okay, Finally scene the episode and god that scene with Pod and the Whores was so unnecessary. They are skimming over over characters and not developing them as characters, and while the gossipy details scene afterwards was funny, it really was deflecting from the plot.Also the two naked whores were fine, but the contortionist was actually a bit too much, and a bit too in your face. Also some male nudity in a good happy way and not Theon bottom about to be raped way would be nice. Maybe a male whorehouse scene for the Blackfish?I wouldn't object to a bit less whore nudity and some more male nudity. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Or meaningful sex scenes between two important characters, ie Loras and Renly. And I definitely agree with it taking up too much time and detracting from the plot/other characters. I'd have liked to have seen some Bran this episode /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4208	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	If everyone just stayed quiet about things they found "continually objectionable", nothing would ever change.I have no doubt that TV shows in the near future will look at the criticisms GoT has received and be careful to avoid them.I feel like I keep saying: I'm not telling you to be quiet! and I am getting responses that say: Stop telling us to be quiet!  If I wanted silence I wouldn't have engaged the thread. And I'm staying here despite being called an asshole, completely unprovoked. I wanted to make a simple point and I am at least glad that I was able to make it clearI don't claim to have the answer, but I wonder about your point. GOT is still quite young, but imagine that at its conclusion the show remains a critical and commercial (possibly even cultural) phenom. Seems to me that it would be more likely to spawn imitators
4209	teemo	2013-04-16	Oh yeah...we did get to see Theon's ass while he was about to get raped.  I guess that's close enough. /sarcasm
4210	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	You might want to rethink that Envie. Criticisms on this board and elsewhere HAVE gotten to D&D and they have responded to it. More than once. We can't force them to change the content but by making our voices heard, other fans might rethink their opinions and other shows might reconsider how to handle/display sexism. If we see something that is problematic, the worst thing to do is just shut up and ignore it.Yeah, exactly. This is a very popular forum and the showrunners are definitely aware of it (they even registered here before the show aired). D&D disregard most criticism on this board because they've said we're "book fundamentalists", but they're definitely aware of it. Bryan Cogman also posts on a other forums (WIC.net, for one, and I also saw him post comments on the member Werthead's blog), so I wouldn't be surprised if he also checks here to see what the general reaction to the episode is.GoT is praised for its variety of well-written female characters who are not merely props to advance characterisation for men. It is frequently condemned for its gratuitous nudity. Maybe I'm simply being too optimistic, but I strongly believe that this will have an influence on future TV shows, leading to more central female characters and less gratuitous female nudity and objectification. Okay, Finally scene the episode and god that scene with Pod and the Whores was so unnecessary. They are skimming over over characters and not developing them as characters, and while the gossipy details scene afterwards was funny, it really was deflecting from the plot.Also the two naked whores were fine, but the contortionist was actually a bit too much, and a bit too in your face. Also some male nudity in a good happy way and not Theon bottom about to be raped way would be nice. Maybe a male whorehouse scene for the Blackfish?Good point. Why not show male whores in Littlefinger's brothel? I'd still have problems with the way the show handles nudity because it feels like D&D just force nudity to fill a quota, rather than featuring nudity as part of an organic process. But at least it would be less problematic than what we currently get.The fact that seven minutes were spent on this scene (and at least a minute was spent on moving chairs) shows that "time constraints" are not as big a problem as D&D would like us to believe.
4211	Kittykatknits	2013-04-16	/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I ask; if there was more male nudity and less nudity with whores in scenes that do not advance the plot in anyway, would we be as annoyed?No. Not at all.No. In fact, if this were actually the case, I bet the overall topic would warrant much less discussion.
4212	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	I feel like I keep saying: I'm not telling you to be quiet! and I am getting responses that say: Stop telling us to be quiet!  If I wanted silence I wouldn't have engaged the thread. And I'm staying here despite being called an asshole, completely unprovoked. I wanted to make a simple point and I am at least glad that I was able to make it clearI don't claim to have the answer, but I wonder about your point. GOT is still quite young, but imagine that at its conclusion the show remains a critical and commercial (possibly even cultural) phenom. Seems to me that it would be more likely to spawn imitatorsYes, it will spawn imitators - that's my point. But these imitators will be likely to avoid the areas where GoT was frequently criticised, including its sexist and gratuitous portrayal of female nudity.
4213	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	The fact that seven minutes were spent on this scene (and at least a minute was spent on moving chairs) shows that "time constraints" are not as big a problem as D&D would like us to believe.They explained the chairs bit in the 'inside the episode' video in a way that suggests they think they were geniuses to write it that way.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 12:41 PM.
4214	teemo	2013-04-16	Okay, Finally scene the episode and god that scene with Pod and the Whores was so unnecessary. They are skimming over over characters and not developing them as characters, and while the gossipy details scene afterwards was funny, it really was deflecting from the plot.Also the two naked whores were fine, but the contortionist was actually a bit too much, and a bit too in your face. Also some male nudity in a good happy way and not Theon bottom about to be raped way would be nice. Maybe a male whorehouse scene for the Blackfish?lol, I can only imagine the reaction to that...
4215	teemo	2013-04-16	They explained the chairs bit in the 'inside the episode' video in a way that suggests they think they were geniuses to write it that way.ah, those inside the episode videos are a riot....what did they think was so genius about that exactly?
4216	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	I wouldn't object to a bit less whore nudity and some more male nudity. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Or meaningful sex scenes between two important characters, ie Loras and Renly.And I definitely agree with it taking up too much time and detracting from the plot/other characters.I'd have liked to have seen some Bran this episode /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Imo, I don't think more dick is the answer, lol.  I would rather just do away with all the brothel stuff. The Loras and Renly stuff was good I'll agree in terms of relevance to plot. Jon and Ygritte would be good if they included it.
4217	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	'More male nudity' is not the solution imo. 'Less pointless scenes that are only created to show some naked whores and don't do anything for the plot or the characters' seems like a better solution.
4218	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	No. In fact, if this were actually the case, I bet the overall topic would warrant much less discussion.Definitely. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> That's what I'm thinking. Yes, it will spawn imitators - that's my point. But these imitators will be likely to avoid the areas where GoT was frequently criticised, including its sexist and gratuitous portrayal of female nudity.Well, I hope so! They explained the chairs bit in the 'inside the episode' video in a way that suggests they think they were geniuses to write it that way.For some odd reason, Cersei moving the chair was great and made me laugh a lot, but I got REALLY annoyed when Tyrion did and I don't even know why? haha. Maybe my dislike for Tyrion in the latter two books is seeping into my opinion of show Tyrion which I must ''put a lid on'' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4219	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	They explained the chairs bit in the 'inside the episode' video in a way that suggests they think they were geniuses to write it that way.LOL, thanks for sharing that. If anyone ever asks why I'm so anti-D&D, I'll have to mention that.It was a funny scene, yeah. But it could have been achieved with more dialogue, and it would have been far more interesting. There was such a great dynamic in that scene with those six actors - they could have spent much longer on that scene. But they wasted an opportunity in an attempt to demonstrate their ~genius~ minds. And people still think D&D are interested in faithfully adapting GRRM's work, but are forced to make changes due to budget and time constraints?
4220	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Imo, I don't think more dick is the answer, lol.  I would rather just do away with all the brothel stuff. The Loras and Renly stuff was good I'll agree in terms of relevance to plot. Jon and Ygritte would be good if they included it.More dick? Well this implies there has actually been an adequate amount of male nudity. Which there hasn't. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I said If there must be nudity I'd prefer it between two important characters, or at least see a nude male and female desire. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />'More male nudity' is not the solution imo. 'Less pointless scenes that are only created to show some naked whores and don't do anything for the plot or the characters' seems like a better solution.Well, I suppose you both do have a point, but I think the problem is the thought behind there NOT being more male nudity. Why is is solely female? What is the reasons for this? And I think this is where the perpetuating of sexual themes argument takes root.
4221	Kittykatknits	2013-04-16	They explained the chairs bit in the 'inside the episode' video in a way that suggests they think they were geniuses to write it that way.Seriously?!? I haven't watched those yet this season, maybe I need to. I don't even know what to think of that. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />lol, I can only imagine the reaction to that...Considering the reaction to Renly/Loras and the male nudity in Spartacus, I'm guess the reaction would be pretty strong. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It'd be groundbreaking, that's for sure.I'd love it if the show treated sex and nudity the way GRRM does in his books, actually.
4222	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	LOL, thanks for sharing that. If anyone ever asks why I'm so anti-D&D, I'll have to mention that.It was a funny scene, yeah. But it could have been achieved with more dialogue, and it would have been far more interesting. There was such a great dynamic in that scene with those six actors - they could have spent much longer on that scene. But they wasted an opportunity in an attempt to demonstrate their ~genius~ minds. And people still think D&D are interested in faithfully adapting GRRM's work, but are forced to make changes due to budget and time constraints?It did make me chuckle too. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Bless them.
4223	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	ah, those inside the episode videos are a riot....what did they think was so genius about that exactly?That it 'shows the personality of all the characters'. The way those two guys talk about the show creeps me out. I respect all the hard work they've done, but sometimes they just say stuff that is plainly wrong (like completely forgetting Tywin has been Hand of the King before, saying things like 'Cersei is always one step ahead of everyone') and it's clear they rate the results of their own creation higher than the book content, as if they're the geniuses behind this whole thing. They're not. We all know who is. A more humble stance, accepting that they're merely the instruments, would do everyone a lot of good.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 01:04 PM.
4224	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I'd love it if the show treated sex and nudity the way GRRM does in his books, actually.It's often so awkward and absurd in the books, I actually strangely enjoy that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4225	mormont	2013-04-16	[mod] Please do not personalise the discussion. Posts have been removed: next time we may close this thread or take action against individuals. [/mod]
4226	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	That it 'shows the personality of all the characters'. The way those two guys talk about the show creeps me out. I respect all the hard work they've done, but sometimes they just say stuff that is plainly wrong (like completely forgetting Tywin has been Hand of the King before, saying things like 'Cersei is always one step ahead of everyone') and it's clear they rate the results of their own creation higher than the book content, as if they're the geniuses behind this whole thing. They're not. We all know who is. A more humble stance, accepting that they're merely the instruments, would do everyone a lot of good.I'm now laughing loads, thank you; I needed that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Theda Baratheon, 16 April 2013 - 12:51 PM.
4227	protar	2013-04-16	I actualy didn't mind this episode as much as I thought it would. It was at least well acted, funny and gave Pod some screen time. My only real complaints was that it was too long. Like the musical chairs it was a good concept, but I feel like because D+D were so busy patting themselves on the back for their "genius", they allowed things to be stretched too much.
As to whether it's sexist I don't think that on it's own it is sexist. If the show just had a few scenes were female nudity was used for titillation, and there was some male nudity for this purpose as well, then this scene would be fine. But as it is it adds to an already established trend which is very sexist.
ETA: Apologies for just jumping in with general thoughts rather than joining in the conversation, but 14 pages is a lot so I hope you'll forgive me for just chipping in with my 50 pence.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 16 April 2013 - 12:54 PM.
4228	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Considering the reaction to Renly/Loras and the male nudity in Spartacus, I'm guess the reaction would be pretty strong. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> It'd be groundbreaking, that's for sure.Definitely! The Renly / Loras scene was actually affectionate and showed desire of both parties, something lacking in almost all of the other sex scenes.
4229	teemo	2013-04-16	Cersei always one step ahead of everyone??? wow...
4230	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I actualy didn't mind this episode as much as I thought it would. It was at least well acted, funny and gave Pod some screen time. My only real complaints was that it was too long. Like the musical chairs it was a good concept, but I feel like because D+D were so busy patting themselves on the back for their "genius", they allowed things to stretch past the point that as necessary.As to whether it's sexist I don't think that on it's own it is sexist. If the show just had a few scenes were female nudity was used for titillation, and there was some male nudity for this purpose as well, then this scene would be fine. But as it is it adds to an already established trend which is very sexist.This is pretty much my opinion. The show itself isn't sexist, but it perpetuating sexist themes. As you nicely put ''the already established trend''
4231	Mendoza	2013-04-16	The Pod subplot, really, the first time I ever was embarrassed watching the show, embarrassed for the acting talent, whoever had to film it. At least the infamous Littlefinger "play with her ass" scene advanced his backstory. This advanaced no story at all. Pod and Bronn are bit players who do not deserve that much spot light. Tyrion getting Littlefinger's job is all that needed to be shown.
It felt like bad fan fiction to me.
					
					
							Edited by Mendoza, 16 April 2013 - 01:08 PM.
4232	Kittykatknits	2013-04-16	The fact that seven minutes were spent on this scene (and at least a minute was spent on moving chairs) shows that "time constraints" are not as big a problem as D&D would like us to believe.I read an interview, I think with Bryan Cogman, that mentioned they had episodes last season with extra minutes left over. I remember being really surprised to read this. Sadly, can't remember where I saw it but I'll post if I find it.That it 'shows the personality of all the characters'. The way those two guys talk about the show creeps me out. I respect all the hard work they've done, but sometimes they just say stuff that is plainly wrong (like completely forgetting Tywin has been Hand of the King before, saying things like 'Cersei is always one step ahead of everyone') and it's clear they rate the results of their own creation higher than the book content, as if they're the geniuses behind this whole thing. They're not. We all know who is. A more humble stance, accepting that they're merely the instruments, would do everyone a lot of good.LOL, thank you for that laugh. Now I really need to go back and watch those interviews. I did last season and found myself face palming so much and realized I could enjoy the show so much more if I DIDN'T know what D&D were thinking. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />It's often so awkward and absurd in the books, I actually strangely enjoy that /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />That's why I like it so much. We learn a lot about the characters from their sex lives. It makes them even more fleshed out characters because he depicts them having sex.Definitely! The Renly / Loras scene was actually affectionate and showed desire of both parties, something lacking in almost all of the other sex scenes.Exactly! I could tell there was genuine desire and affection from both of them. It was a consensual relationship that was displayed and I loved it. Sadly, that's almost completely lacking elsewhere. Their scenes remain my personal fave in the show so far.
4233	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	The Pod subplot, really, the first time I ever was embarrassed watching the show, embarrassed for the acting talent, whoever had to film it. At least the infamous Littlefinger "play with her ass" scene advanced his backstory. This advanaced no story at all. Pod and Bronn are bit players who do not deserve that much spot light. Tyion getting Littlefinger's job is all that needed to be shown.It felt like bad fan fiction to me.The whole ''oooh, who paid for the whores'' ''why didn't they accept the money'' little mystery is embarrassing itself.
4234	Kittykatknits	2013-04-16	I actualy didn't mind this episode as much as I thought it would. It was at least well acted, funny and gave Pod some screen time. My only real complaints was that it was too long. Like the musical chairs it was a good concept, but I feel like because D+D were so busy patting themselves on the back for their "genius", they allowed things to be stretched too much.As to whether it's sexist I don't think that on it's own it is sexist. If the show just had a few scenes were female nudity was used for titillation, and there was some male nudity for this purpose as well, then this scene would be fine. But as it is it adds to an already established trend which is very sexist.ETA: Apologies for just jumping in with general thoughts rather than joining in the conversation, but 14 pages is a lot so I hope you'll forgive me for just chipping in with my 50 pence.The bolded part is exactly what many of us are getting at. Pretty much reflects what I think.
4235	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	LOL, thank you for that laugh. Now I really need to go back and watch those interviews. I did last season and found myself face palming so much and realized I could enjoy the show so much more if I DIDN'T know what D&D were thinking. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I've never actually seen any of the D&D episodes, I don't know whether I should really /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> That's why I like it so much. We learn a lot about the characters from their sex lives. It makes them even more fleshed out characters because he depicts them having sex.Yep /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> That's why I never minded the Sam/Gilly scene, it's quite funny and makes you affectionately chuckle at Sam and also sympathise with him.Exactly! I could tell there was genuine desire and affection from both of them. It was a consensual relationship that was displayed and I loved it. Sadly, that's almost completely lacking elsewhere. Their scenes remain my personal fave in the show so far.Yeah, definitely. I don't like that we have so many scenes of sex workers in the show which are used to titillate audiences. Why do they enjoy this acted out passion? Methinks too much bad porn. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It's always better with actual desire and affection.
4236	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	For some odd reason, Cersei moving the chair was great and made me laugh a lot, but I got REALLY annoyed when Tyrion did and I don't even know why? haha. Maybe my dislike for Tyrion in the latter two books is seeping into my opinion of show Tyrion which I must ''put a lid on'I grew to dislike Tyrion as well and I don't like how the show keeps trying to make him the ultimate badass and good guy of the series while he does some damn despicable stuff in the books (granted, he does good things too, but they shouldn't ignore his negative sides like that).LOL, thanks for sharing that. If anyone ever asks why I'm so anti-D&D, I'll have to mention that.It was a funny scene, yeah. But it could have been achieved with more dialogue, and it would have been far more interesting. There was such a great dynamic in that scene with those six actors - they could have spent much longer on that scene. But they wasted an opportunity in an attempt to demonstrate their ~genius~ minds. And people still think D&D are interested in faithfully adapting GRRM's work, but are forced to make changes due to budget and time constraints?I'm not exactly- 'anti-D&D', but they seem to be gradually getting more and more sucked up by their own egos. I believe they tried so in the 1st season and from there on just thought the success of the first season warranted them doing everything the way they wanted it.Well, I suppose you both do have a point, but I think the problem is the thought behind there NOT being more male nudity. Why is is solely female? What is the reasons for this? And I think this is where the perpetuating of sexual themes argument takes root.It's the way it's phrased that bothers me more than the fact people want to 'balance things out'. 'More male nudity' to compensate for the sounds an awful lot like it would simply spawn more senseless 'sex just for sex' scenes. If they change the way they write them and focus on the actual sexual intercourse that also happens in the books, the problem will solve itself.As for the sex in the books... Never liked that much either, I always thought it was kinda disgusting (dwarf-man sex with an affection-less  faking whore, Jaime taking Cersei while she's on her period, obese people getting laid...). Doesn't mean I think they're badly written though, and they do say a lot about the characters. I just don't think any are particularly arousing, and some are downright creepy and disgusting (Tyrion almost raping Sansa). The only really nice one is on Khal Drogo and Daeny's wedding night, you fear she's gonna get raped and then it turns out Drogo isn't the brute he seems to be. There the show actually had a chance to put in a sweet affectionate sex scene, but no, instead they had to make everyone thing Drogo raped her. Oh and maybe Theon on the boat, because it shows how much of a bastard he was towards girls (had to refrain from using the word 'dick' or 'asshole' here for obvious reasons).
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 01:11 PM.
4237	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Good job ignoring the clear priority the show is giving to whores rather than other characters. The whores aren't just ordinary extras - in nearly every scene they're in, they appear on the foreground and the scene is about them.Was just responding to what you wrote, which unfortunately for you, was rather absurd. Presumably you actually agree with me now that you've thought a little more about it.Also good job ignoring the part of my post that pointed out Ygritte, who is a fully-fledged character, is also being objectified as nothing but a sex object by the arse-monkeys. The fans are largely at fault here, but the show is not innocent either.I ignored the part of the post because I want to discuss the show, not the fan reaction.If you just 'want to see boobs', go visit a fucking porn site. The criticism not about the nudity by itself, it's about the fact the showmakers are putting in badly-written, ridiculous, pointless scenes that add nothing to the story just to show nudity. If you genuinely think a story should suffer from pointless scenes such as these just because a bunch of ill-bred rabid arse-monkeys who aren't interested in the story are watching it just for the sex and that people shouldn't be allowed to protest against senseless commercialism being preferred over artistic value, I have only one thing to say: Fuck you.My point was that the showmakers are free to do whatever they want and that they're including the nudity because it's good business. If you think they have non-business obligations such as avoiding material that might have a bad influence IRL, you ought to criticize a ton of stuff in GOT and if you stripped it of all that stuff, it wouldn't be as entertaining to many.I didn't say you aren't allowed to protest. It appears you're confusing me with someone else (an ill-bred rabid arse-monkey, no doubt) . I'm not interested in what people think is "art" and what isn't because it's subjective and I can't be bothered with arguing whether Pizza is better than Spaghetti. I was talking about the ethics, ie whether the showmakers shouldn't have included that scene (in an ethical sense, rather than a subjective "BAWWWW I DON'T LIKE IT" sense).edit: oh dear this thread exploded
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 01:07 PM.
4238	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	That it 'shows the personality of all the characters'. The way those two guys talk about the show creeps me out. I respect all the hard work they've done, but sometimes they just say stuff that is plainly wrong (like completely forgetting Tywin has been Hand of the King before, saying things like 'Cersei is always one step ahead of everyone') and it's clear they rate the results of their own creation higher than the book content, as if they're the geniuses behind this whole thing. They're not. We all know who is. A more humble stance, accepting that they're merely the instruments, would do everyone a lot of good.The characterisation in the scene was also pretty inconsistent with the books. Why was Littlefinger so desperate for Tywin's affection? Why was Varys pulling faces at Tyrion?I love Conleth Hill's portrayal of Varys, but I find the writing has made him very different from what was in the books. Show!Littlefinger is just bad in every possible way.I read an interview, I think with Bryan Cogman, that mentioned they had episodes last season with extra minutes left over. I remember being really surprised to read this. Sadly, can't remember where I saw it but I'll post if I find it.Yeah it doesn't seem to make much sense. I understand the budget problems mean they can't film everything even if they have time left over, but surely those few minutes each episode could have been given to scenes that are cheap to film - i.e. two characters talking in a room? That extra time could have shown Arya having a worse time in Harrenhal, or Sansa meeting with Dontos, etc.I know there was a lot of footage cut from last season (Dontos objecting to Joffrey's abuse of Sansa, plus the four deleted scenes they released), but I expect there was more free time on top of those.Sigh, every time I discuss the TV show now all I can think is "WASTED OPPORTUNITY". /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4239	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I grew to dislike Tyrion as well and I don't like how the show keeps trying to make him the ultimate badass and good guy of the series while he does some damn despicable stuff in the books (granted, he does good things too, but they shouldn't ignore his negative sides like that).Yes, pretty much my thoughts. He's getting some of the most screen time and he's really not doing much. They've completely white-washed him so far. As for the sex in the books... Never liked that much either, I always thought it was kinda disgusting (dwarf-man sex with an affection-less  faking whore, Jaime taking Cersei while she's on her period, obese people getting laid...). Doesn't mean I think they're badly written though, and they do say a lot about the characters. I just don't think any are particularly arousing, and some are downright creepy and disgusting (Tyrion almost raping Sansa). The only really nice one is on Khal Drogo and Daeny's wedding night, you fear she's gonna get raped and then it turns out Drogo isn't the brute he seems to be. There the show actually had a chance to put in a sweet affectionate sex scene, but no, instead they had to make everyone thing Drogo raped her. Oh and maybe Theon on the boat, because it shows how much of a bastard he was towards girls (had to refrain from using the word 'dick' or 'asshole' here for obvious reasons).Well it's definitely not there to sexually excite, haha. Or I hope not. I quite enjoy how absurd, almost disgusting, strange and bizarre some of the sex in the books is. But I can totally understand why some are just ''man this is disgusting'' because to be honest, a lot of it is /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4240	teemo	2013-04-16	I watched Inside the Episode once and it bothered me so much I haven't done it since...don't remember what bothered me so much exactly :\ lol, sounds like it could be a million things.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 01:23 PM.
4241	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Yes, pretty much my thoughts. He's getting some of the most screen time and he's really not doing much. They've completely white-washed him so far. Tyrion's character is very grey in the books and would have been amazing to see on screen. They have turned him into the next Ned Stark on the show though. He is beginning to get boring as a character. Also his screen time is getting annoying when so many other characters are underdeveloped.
4242	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Tyrion's character is very grey in the books and would have been amazing to see on screen. They have turned him into the next Ned Stark on the show though. He is beginning to get boring as a character. Also his screen time is getting annoying when so many other characters are underdeveloped.I thought he was SO good in season 1, really handled well, but now; so white-washed that you're right he has become BORING to watch on screen. His screen time is seriously taking away from better characters like Arya, Bran, Jon, ect.
4243	teemo	2013-04-16	The Pod subplot, really, the first time I ever was embarrassed watching the show, embarrassed for the acting talent, whoever had to film it. At least the infamous Littlefinger "play with her ass" scene advanced his backstory. This advanaced no story at all. Pod and Bronn are bit players who do not deserve that much spot light. Tyrion getting Littlefinger's job is all that needed to be shown.It felt like bad fan fiction to me.it's scenes like those that make me call my friends the next day and remind them how much better the books are.
4244	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	Was just responding to what you wrote, which unfortunately for you, was rather absurd. Presumably you actually agree with me now that you've thought a little more about it.No, and no.I ignored the part of the post because I want to discuss the show, not the fan reaction.You ignored it because it didn't fit with the point you were making. If you paid closer attention you would have noticed that while I blame the average arse-monkey for being the arse-monkey that he is rather than the show, the show itself is also responsible for the fan reaction. Has that ever occurred to you? That the show could influence the fan reaction, thus making the fan reaction worthy of note? See Theda's little anecdote about being asked if she would 'be prepared to show her boobs' when she said she wanted to apply for a role of a character that never even does so to see what the so-called 'fans' who the scenes we're talking about were made for have come to expect from the show.The equivalent would be a bunch of guys becoming fans of a band because they have a hot singer, while the music is crap. You may have your 'fans' and your 'success', but once the girl stops shaking her ass because she wants to get some actual content across, she'll definitely lose them again, and if she doesn't, she'll be stuck with crap material.You're basically saying just having a few naked hoes parading around on a set to please a bunch of dude-bros (or arse-monkeys if you prefer) with no interest in the plot whatsoever should somehow be on par artistically with a well-designed plot and are still saying everything should simply be accepted as long as it follows the standards of what is commercially successful simply because it makes money and that's what should set the standard? Whether it's commercially successful? That makes 0 sense, because by those standards, everything would be crap until it starts making money even while it is still the same as it was before it became popular. In short, it means you let others decide what you should like and what you shouldn't, and are saying you should just roll over and not criticize things that make money because somehow money should be the equivalent of quality. Well guess what, I don't think that way. The very reason George is a successful writer is because he steers clear of clichAs and takes an original approach in his writing most of the time, there's no reason the show couldn't do the same thing. Cutting plots and character development inevitably makes the show less rich.My point was that the showmakers are free to do whatever they want and that they're including the nudity because it's good business.That's not much of a point, and not something we didn't already know. That's exactly what we're saying is off about these scenes. They're cheap as fuck. Pun intended.If you think they have non-business obligations such as avoiding material that might have a bad influence IRL, you ought to criticize a ton of stuff in GOT and if you stripped it of all that stuff, it wouldn't be as entertaining to many.I don't think they have obligations, but that does nothing to change my judgement on these crappy scenes. What stuff? The lack of quality of the scenes is my main problem with it. If they had just as much nudity in a scene that actually contributed positively to the show and the story, and the nudity served a purpose other than 'here's some boobs and ass, now you're happy. Don't mind that Tyrion explained the Iron Bank in between these scenes, you're going to forget this anyway because of the ridiculous, predictable, not funny, out of character conversation that follows, in which people who are supposed to be at war and managing a country in crisis are contributing, no less' I wouldn't mind it, and they do have the possibility to make worthy alternatives to those scenes 'cos guess what, they're in the books.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 01:39 PM.
4245	Rapsie	2013-04-16	I thought he was SO good in season 1, really handled well, but now; so white-washed that you're right he has become BORING to watch on screen. His screen time is seriously taking away from better characters like Arya, Bran, Jon, ect.Yep, I'd add Stannis to that as well. His character and the introduction of Selyse and Shireen and *shiver* Patchface could have been done in the time it took with Pod the whores and gossiping Tyrion and Bronn.I hope they do include Patchface as he is one of the scariest characters ever written. Right up there with Pennywise.
4246	Toxspecific	2013-04-16	Just a scene to show that Tyrion is fond of Pod and wants to make him a man.
4247	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Yep, I'd add Stannis to that as well. His character and the introduction of Selyse and Shireen and *shiver* Patchface could have been done in the time it took with Pod the whores and gossiping Tyrion and Bronn.I hope they do include Patchface as he is one of the scariest characters ever written. Right up there with Pennywise.I was so hoping they'd introduce Shireen and Patchface last season too /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Would have been great! I'm waiting for creepy scary patchface though. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> They can't leave him out. And I agree. Too many Bronn scenes to be honest, I liked them to begin with, but now...not so much.
4248	teemo	2013-04-16	No, and no.[snip]I want my like button back....
4249	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Just a scene to show that Tyrion is fond of Pod and wants to make him a man.It's just too much time spent on it though. A combination of scenes that was roughly 5-6 minutes is a lot of time that could have been better used elsewhere.Too many Bronn scenes to be honest, I liked them to begin with, but now...not so much.Couldn't agree more.
4250	teemo	2013-04-16	my boyfriend is very sour with this show ever since ned and robert died, grumbling about how the only "manly men" are gone.  he did like bronn, but now finds him "boring" because he doesn't fight or do anything interesting.
4251	protar	2013-04-16	I watched Inside the Episode once and it bothered me so much I haven't done it since...don't remember what bothered me so much exactly :\ lol, sounds like it could be a million things.They weren't unbearably arrogant in this Behind the Episode, even if they were treating themselves like genii for the chair scene. At least they remembered that Martin was the one who wrote the books in this one.But some of the things they say are just flat out wrong. Apparently Jon doesn't have a father figure (did D+D miss out on Ned, Benjen, Aemon, Mormon, Qhorin and Mance?) and Jaime is a monster (did they skip over his redemption arc?). It's moderately entertaining if you're in a good mood.
4252	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	my boyfriend is very sour with this show ever since ned and robert died, grumbling about how the only "manly men" are gone.  he did like bronn, but now finds him "boring" because he doesn't fight or do anything interesting.LOL ''manly'' men I hope he likes Tormund then /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />HAR!
4253	David Selig	2013-04-16	Is there a significant amount of people who are happy to pay the monthly HBO fee mostly because it has naked scenes often? That sounds very silly to me when for 20 bucks you can join any porn or erotic site and download enough stuff to watch for the next 5 years...
4254	Rapsie	2013-04-16	he did like bronn, but now finds him "boring" because he doesn't fight or do anything interesting.Bronn is getting exceptionally tiresome. It's a bit like the scenes with Charles Dance and Maisie last year. They were great but repetitive and in the end led no where.Unless D&D know some thing about Bronn and he suddenly becomes a main character in the next couple of books, then I think they are wasting valuable story time with him. Hell he seems to have had more screen time than Stannis in this season and the last.
4255	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Bronn is getting exceptionally tiresome. It's a bit like the scenes with Charles Dance and Maisie last year. They were great but repetitive and in the end led no where.Unless D&D know some thing about Bronn and he suddenly becomes a main character in the next couple of books, then I think they are wasting valuable story time with him. Hell he seems to have had more screen time than Stannis in this season and the last.I think you're right.../ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
4256	protar	2013-04-16	Bronn is getting exceptionally tiresome. It's a bit like the scenes with Charles Dance and Maisie last year. They were great but repetitive and in the end led no where.Unless D&D know some thing about Bronn and he suddenly becomes a main character in the next couple of books, then I think they are wasting valuable story time with him. Hell he seems to have had more screen time than Stannis in this season and the last.I think this is really indicative of one of the biggest problems D+D have which is that they just can't stop favouritising characters. They see a character they like and you'd better like them too because D+D isn't getting bored of them any time soon. It's happened with Bronn, it's happened with LF and for some inexplicable reason it seems to happen with the attractive female characters as well. D+D need to realise that just because a character/actor is popular it doesn't mean they need to be in every scene. I know that in some cases like with Tywin this is actually a result of contracting, but something tells me that this isn't the case with Bronn.Edit: I sort of think they're struggling with him though. In SOS Bronn pretty much fades into the background even though he doesn't officially walk out on Tyrion until the trial. But it would be equally poor writing to have Bronn just disappear for S3. Boks can get away with characters having fewer appearances as even if someone only appears twice over 300 pages, you might get through those 300 pages in one week, whereas in the show that's like a month apart. So they feel the need to invent stuff for him. I feel like keeping in the Symond plot would have helped in this regard.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 16 April 2013 - 01:48 PM.
4257	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I ask; if there was more male nudity and less nudity with whores in scenes that do not advance the plot in anyway, would we be as annoyed? No. Not at all.Yes we would.  Im sick of the time being taken up with brothel scenes of just sex when so much more can happen in half the time.Shoot, i thought the hot pie scene was wasting time.  30 seconds for goodbye is plenty.
4258	David Selig	2013-04-16	I think this is really indicative of one of the biggest problems D+D have which is that they just can't stop favouritising characters. They see a character they like and you'd better like them too because D+D isn't getting bored of them any time soon. It's happened with Bronn, it's happened with LF Wait - they like LF? But they've turned him into a complete joke and a total idiot...
4259	oakenhelm	2013-04-16	They weren't unbearably arrogant in this Behind the Episode, even if they were treating themselves like genii for the chair scene. At least they remembered that Martin was the one who wrote the books in this one.But some of the things they say are just flat out wrong. Apparently Jon doesn't have a father figure (did D+D miss out on Ned, Benjen, Aemon, Mormon, Qhorin and Mance?) and Jaime is a monster (did they skip over his redemption arc?). It's moderately entertaining if you're in a good mood.I think they co-directed the episode. Might explain patting themselves on the back
4260	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Yes we would.  Im sick of the time being taken up with brothel scenes of just sex when so much more can happen in half the time.Shoot, i thought the hot pie scene was wasting time.  30 seconds for goodbye is plenty.But that's what I've been saying the whole time. If they HAVE to fill the nude quota, which apparently they do then why not with important characters and not brothel scenes?/ why not use the sex from the books? why is it solely female nudity in all these scenes? why no male nudity?
4261	SilentSense	2013-04-16	You ignored it because it didn't fit with the point you were making.Based on the rest of your post I highly doubt you know what point I'm actually making but that's ok, it seems I misunderstood the first post of yours I've replied to.If you paid closer attention you would have noticed that while I blame the average arse-monkey for being the arse-monkey that he is rather than the show, the show itself is also responsible for the fan reaction. Has that ever occurred to you? That the show could influence the fan reaction, thus making the fan reaction worthy of note? See Theda's little anecdote about being asked if she would 'be prepared to show her boobs' when she said she wanted to apply for a role of a character that never even does so..I don't think any of this is relevant to my point but I admit that I don't really understand what you're saying here.You're basically saying just having a few naked hoes parading around on a set to please a bunch of dude-bros (or arse-monkeys if you prefer) with no interest in the plot whatsoever should somehow be on par artistically with a well-designed plot [..]No, I'm not. In fact, I even clarified that I'm saying nothing of the sort.and are still saying everything should simply be accepted as long as it follows the standards of what is commercially successful simply because it makes money and that's what should set the standard? Whether it's commercially successful? That makes 0 sense, because by those standards, everything would be crap until it starts making money even while it is still the same. In short, it means you let others decide what you should like and what you shouldn't, and are saying you should just roll over and not criticize things  Well guess what, I don't. The very reason George is a successful writer is because he steers clear of clichAs and takes an original approach most of the time.Except that's not what I'm saying at all. I haven't talked about what I like: I even said I'm not keen on that subjective discussion in my last post. It seemed to me that you and other posters were doing more than stating your preferences, it seemed to me that you think the showmakers are doing something they shouldn't be doing (again, in the ethical sense, not because you don't like what they're doing).I don't think they have obligations, but that does nothing to change my judgement on these crappy scenes. What stuff? The lack of quality of the scene is my main problem with it. If they had just as much nudity in a scene that actually contributed positively to the show and the story, and the nudity served a purpose other than 'here's some boobs and ass, now you're happy. Don't mind that Tyrion explained the Iron Bank in between these scenes, you're going to forget this anyway because of the ridiculous, predictable, not funny, out of character conversation that follows, in which people who are supposed to be at war and managing a country in crisis are taking place, no less.'Good, we're in agreement then.
					
					
							Edited by SilentSense, 16 April 2013 - 01:52 PM.
4262	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Wait - they like LF? But they've turned him into a complete joke and a total idiot...This makes me so sad. His quips with Varys in the first season were ace. But everything else...ugh, he's turned into a hilarious wizard type character /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4263	protar	2013-04-16	But that's what I've been saying the whole time.If they HAVE to fill the nude quota, which apparently they do then why not with important characters and not brothel scenes?/ why not use the sex from the books? why is it solely female nudity in all these scenes? why no male nudity?I'm kind of skeptical that there actually is some nudity quota that HBO is forcing them to fulfill. Am I just naive or should that really not be happening these days? But yeah if there is let's have book sex scenes, or at least invented scenes that are relevant. Some of Edmure's whoring perhaps?
4264	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I'm kind of skeptical that there actually is some nudity quota that HBO is forcing them to fulfill. Am I just naive or should that really not be happening these days? But yeah if there is let's have book sex scenes, or at least invented scenes that are relevant. Some of Edmure's whoring perhaps?I meant to put an eye roll after quota, but apparently there is an unnamed producer who tried to get in as much ''tits and ass'' as possible.  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
4265	protar	2013-04-16	Wait - they like LF? But they've turned him into a complete joke and a total idiot...Which I'm pretty sure is just the side-effect of giving him more exposure. They probably think it's good that they're making his schemes more "accessible" to viewers. In any case they want him to have more screen time, but all they can do is show the behind the scenes of his scheming. Which drains his subtlety and makes him look stupid.
4266	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Wait - they like LF? But they've turned him into a complete joke and a total idiot...I think protar means screentime-wise,  show LF is defo a horriffic translation though
4267	protar	2013-04-16	I meant to put an eye roll after quota, but apparently there is an unnamed producer who tried to get in as much ''tits and ass'' as possible.  /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Am I correct in saying that you're referring to Neil Marshal (the director of blackwater.) being told by a producer that he was catering to "the pervert side of the audience"? I'm pretty sure people figured out, from who would logically have been present at the time, that it was almost certainly one of D+D.
4268	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I'm not even sure who it is, probably better not to name names really, but it is really silly. ''the pervert side of the audience?''
how patronizing.
4269	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	Which I'm pretty sure is just the side-effect of giving him more exposure. They probably think it's good that they're making his schemes more "accessible" to viewers. In any case they want him to have more screen time, but all they can do is show the behind the scenes of his scheming. Which drains his subtlety and makes him look stupid.I don't know that they've made him look "stupid" they've definitely made him a lot less subtle, maybe that is for TV purposes, but he does come off more buffoonish than Varys, so it's hard to say, and Jesus, we get it, he's a pimp, he owns brothels, do we have to have a scene IN the brothel every week?
4270	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	But that's what I've been saying the whole time. If they HAVE to fill the nude quota, which apparently they do then why not with important characters and not brothel scenes?/ why not use the sex from the books? why is it solely female nudity in all these scenes? why no male nudity?Lol, if there is a quota, i hope whomever put it in place trips and falls into a pile of STDs.If I'm going to have sex scenes and they're being forced on me, lets have the ones from the books please.  I definitely agree.  They all lead somewhere.  I would have appreciated Dany in traditional Quartheen gear, lol.As far as male nudity, no biggie to me (its not like I only watch all girl porn). Maybe the wife would be more into the show.  She hasnt even watched this episode yet.  I feel like the whore scenes are sooooo cliche, i swear next week there's going to film in Diamond Dolls strip club and some girls are going to be pole dancing and getting dollars stuffed in their thongs.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 April 2013 - 02:06 PM.
4271	teemo	2013-04-16	LOL ''manly'' menI hope he likes Tormund then /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />HAR!If he ends up ever saying HAR! lol.  I really hope he gets a moment to shine....that seven minutes....lol /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 02:34 PM.
4272	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-16	And actually Frog One, that poster was right when they said most of the points you take issue with have been addressed.A light-hearted scene in between gruesome and depressing ones? Well, someone gave a lovely list of possible scenes.More Pod screen time? There will be plenty of time to introduce him more and make us care about him.The ''why didn't they accept the money? blah blah'' is just not an intriguing enough sub plot to keep it in. It's 7 minutes worth of screen time that could have been put to much better use.Addressed is different than "proven invalid" of course they have been addressed as well as the it's sexist and wrong argument.I think your point is different than the one I was addressing, you think it was useless and got too long. I agree it took too long and if it was up to me I'd remove the whole thing and replace it with stuff from the book. What I disagree with is the claim that it was sexist and belittling. It's Tyrion, what else did you expect him to do to show his appreciation toward his virgin squire? The scene was pretty much in character with Tyrion and the setting of the story.
4273	Rapsie	2013-04-16	<Snip>Couldn't agree more. I foresee the same problem happening with Diana Rigg. She's great, but she is a minor character. Sansa for instance has had most of her storyline removed which has made her character seem even more passive than in the books. Stannis has not had the character development he should have and they haven't even introduced Selyse, Shireen or Patchface. In fact I can imagine audiences suddenly being confused that Stannis has a wife and daughter. Edit: I sort of think they're struggling with him though. In SOS Bronn pretty much fades into the background even though he doesn't officially walk out on Tyrion until the trial. But it would be equally poor writing to have Bronn just disappear for S3. Boks can get away with characters having fewer appearances as even if someone only appears twice over 300 pages, you might get through those 300 pages in one week, whereas in the show that's like a month apart. So they feel the need to invent stuff for him. I feel like keeping in the Symond plot would have helped in this regard.The summoned plot would also have helped to grey up Tyrion's character and give him something to do this season. Although they may include it yet.
4274	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	Addressed is different than "proven invalid" of course they have been addressed as well as the it's sexist and wrong argument.I think your point is different than the one I was addressing, you think it was useless and got too long. I agree it took too long and if it was up to me I'd remove the whole thing and replace it with stuff from the book. What I disagree with is the claim that it was sexist and belittling. It's Tyrion, what else did you expect him to do to show his appreciation toward his virgin squire? The scene was pretty much in character with Tyrion and the setting of the story.Was it?  Does he hook anyone up with free whores in the book?  Maybe I'm forgetting.  It seems like its his personal obsession and past time.
4275	teemo	2013-04-16	Was it?  Does he hook anyone up with free whores in the book?  Maybe I'm forgetting.  It seems like its his personal obsession and past time.Definitely not.  Before book 5, Tyrion actually tried to AVOID brothels because he didn't like the weird looks he got from the whores.  He never hooked up one person with a whore.  He contemplated the idea with Joffrey and passed.  He really wasn't a pimp like TV! Tyrion at all, but Dinklage is so convincing it's easy to forget...
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 02:15 PM.
4276	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	[size=4]Definitely not.  Before book 5, Tyrion actually tried to AVOID brothels because he didn't like the weird looks he got from the whores.  He never hooked up one person with a whore.  He contemplated the idea with Joffrey and passed.  He really wasn't a pimp like TV! Tyrion at all, but Dinklage is so convincing it's easy to forget...That's what I thought, but its easy to forget after 1000s of pages.So, now that you've confirmed he did not send any free whores to anyone in the book.  On to my rant:  given his OBSESSION WITH TYSHA, who he thinks was a "free whore" sent to him by his brother for the first three books, and how much this incident has colored his life, its actually pretty CREEPY and strange to have him constantly hooking up young teenage boys with free whores, boys who were close to his age when the Tysha debacle occured.  Making the entire Pod scene even more stupid and outlandish.
4277	protar	2013-04-16	The summoned plot would also have helped to grey up Tyrion's character and give him something to do this season. Although they may include it yet.Sadly I don't think so, as we haven't got any word of Symond being cast or anything. And season 4 will start off with the PW in the first couple of episodes so no time for it there.
4278	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-16	Was it?  Does he hook anyone up with free whores in the book?  Maybe I'm forgetting.  It seems like its his personal obsession and past time.It's very in line with his character, it doesn't have to be in the book, not everything is written and presented explicitly. And show Tyrion is far from book Tyrion now anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Frog One, 16 April 2013 - 02:28 PM.
4279	teemo	2013-04-16	That's what I thought, but its easy to forget after 1000s of pages.So, now that you've confirmed he did not send any free whores to anyone in the book.  On to my rant:  given his OBSESSION WITH TYSHA, who he thinks was a "free whore" sent to him by his brother for the first three books, and how much this incident has colored his life, its actually pretty CREEPY and strange to have him constantly hooking up young teenage boys with free whores, boys who were close to his age when the Tysha debacle occured.  Making the entire Pod scene even more stupid and outlandish.It's funny that you mention that...I have a very observant non-book reader friend who said to me, "does it really make sense for Tyrion to send so many people to whores?  Isn't he traumatized by the Tysha incident?  It seems inconsistent."
4280	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Lol, if there is a quota, i hope whomever put it in place trips and falls into a pile of STDs.LOL. Well maybe not quite so harsh /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />If I'm going to have sex scenes and they're being forced on me, lets have the ones from the books please.  I definitely agree.  They all lead somewhere.  I would have appreciated Dany in traditional Quartheen gear, lol.As far as male nudity, no biggie to me (its not like I only watch all girl porn). Maybe the wife would be more into the show.  She hasnt even watched this episode yet.  Yeah, if there must be sex scenes, take the hilarious ones from the book /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I feel like the whore scenes are sooooo cliche, i swear next week there's going to film in Diamond Dolls strip club and some girls are going to be pole dancing and getting dollars stuffed in their thongs.Yeah, me too definitely. If he ends up ever saying HAR! lol.  I really hope he gets a moment to shine....that seven minutes....lol /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I so hope he does!! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> I love ''HAR!''
4281	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Sadly I don't think so, as we haven't got any word of Symond being cast or anything. And season 4 will start off with the PW in the first couple of episodes so no time for it there.It's a shame as they seem to insist on Tyrion being in every episode, and other than another Shae and him scene, he doesn't have much to do until episode 6 & 8. I fear more Bronn and Tyrion take over LF's broth all scenes.
4282	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	It's a shame as they seem to insist on Tyrion being in every episode, and other than another Shae and him scene, he doesn't have much to do until episode 6 & 8. I fear more Bronn and Tyrion take over LF's broth all scenes.There are a lot of people Dinklage could interact with outside of LF, Bronn, Ros or  the whore of the day.  If they have no qualms about wasting time on invented scenes he could have lunch with the Queen of Thorns or Margaery Tyrell and put in some more Highgarden backstory.  There could be Cersei/Tywin/Tyrion in fighting.  He could meet with some Iron Bankers.  A random guy from House Frey for some foreshadowing.  Again, many things to be done with Dinklage in King's Landing that do not involve LF and his whorehouse.
4283	teemo	2013-04-16	There are a lot of people Dinklage could interact with outside of LF, Bronn, Ros or  the whore of the day.  If they have no qualms about wasting time on invented scenes he could have lunch with the Queen of Thorns or Margaery Tyrell and put in some more Highgarden backstory.  There could be Cersei/Tywin/Tyrion in fighting.  He could meet with some Iron Bankers.  A random guy from House Frey for some foreshadowing.  Again, many things to be done with Dinklage in King's Landing that do not involve LF and his whorehouse.Good point.  He doesn't do much outside that little bubble.
4284	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	There are a lot of people Dinklage could interact with outside of LF, Bronn, Ros or  the whore of the day.  If they have no qualms about wasting time on invented scenes he could have lunch with the Queen of Thorns or Margaery Tyrell and put in some more Highgarden backstory.  There could be Cersei/Tywin/Tyrion in fighting.  He could meet with some Iron Bankers.  A random guy from House Frey for some foreshadowing.  Again, many things to be done with Dinklage in King's Landing that do not involve LF and his whorehouse.I'd forgotten there was absolutely no Marg or Ollena last episode /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4285	Toxspecific	2013-04-16	Brings up a very interesting point about the series; it loses too many of its veterans/stalwarts as the books progress. Too much loss of presence, you know.
4286	Cas Stark	2013-04-16	Brings up a very interesting point about the series; it loses too many of its veterans/stalwarts as the books progress. Too much loss of presence, you know.That is going to be a problem as time goes on, which kind of makes the lack of face time for people we know are still alive at the end of Dance with Dragons in favor of nameless whores even more strange.
4287	teemo	2013-04-16	This is now longer than the Stannis ruined thread, lol...
4288	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	Good point. Why not show male whores in Littlefinger's brothel? I'd still have problems with the way the show handles nudity because it feels like D&D just force nudity to fill a quota, rather than featuring nudity as part of an organic process. But at least it would be less problematic than what we currently get.Exactly whose POV would that be in?  Because from what I recall, homosexuality still seemed in the closet in Westeros, and there weren't any male whore scenes.  How is it less problemative to be more unrealistic?
4289	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	Well, there are male sex slaves ie Satin. But I think it would be best to get rid of most of the whore scenes, not add to them.
4290	Rapsie	2013-04-16	Exactly whose POV would that be in?  Because from what I recall, homosexuality still seemed in the closet in Westeros, and there weren't any male whore scenes.  How is it less problemative to be more unrealistic?They could have done stuff in Astapor or Quarth, especially as Xoas thingy was gay: a few scantily clad men a la Spartacus etc. as his servants for example.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 16 April 2013 - 03:21 PM.
4291	TerraPrime	2013-04-16	[mod hat]
Tone down the inter-personal stuff, folks. It's not okay to say "fuck you" and it's not okay to imply that the other person is on menstrual cycle - the former just makes you rude and inappropriate while the latter makes you rude, inappropriate, and sexist. 
[/mod hat]
4292	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-16	Well, there are male sex slaves ie Satin. But I think it would be best to get rid of most of the whore scenes, not add to them. I meant that, if the show wants to have scenes in Littlefinger's brothel with naked prostitutes walking around, why not show both genders? It's unrealistic that there's only female prostitutes.
4293	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-16	I meant that, if the show wants to have scenes in Littlefinger's brothel with naked prostitutes walking around, why not show both genders? It's unrealistic that there's only female prostitutes.Oh, I agree. If they have spend so much time in brothels, there should be both.
4294	teemo	2013-04-16	Littlefinger does cater to every need.
4295	Tadco26	2013-04-16	I think sex scenes that further the plot line in an important way are fine. See Dany and Drogo in season 1. Tyrion and Shae. Even Renly and Loras. People who are actually having sex (or not in the case of Renly and Margaery) because it is an important part of their relationship. The problem with many of the show's sex scenes is that so many just seem to be thrown in there just to fill a sex scene quota or something. Often with whores who have no other purpose in the show other than to get naked for a few minutes. Most of them don't even show any actual sex, and it's questionable how much many of them add to the story. They have so many other characters to follow that I would generally like to get more scenes from instead.
4296	Jolene Brown	2013-04-16	I liked the scene with Viserys and Doreah (?) in season one a lot.  It both deeply humanized him and reminded us that he was deeply screwed up at the same time (by how he lashed out at her when he realized he was letting her see his vulnerability).  The scene with Bronn last year in Blackwater is a good contrast in the negative direction.  It could not have been more blatantly obvious that that scene existed for the most part as a reason to show a naked woman.  It also didn't really feel like they were at a brothel, as I remember it, so when he completely undressed her, it felt very weird and out of place to me, like if you were drinking at a bar and some guy at the corner table took off all the clothes of a woman he was flirting with.  
It's not just that it pulls me out of this specific story, sometimes it makes me wonder about HBO in general, whether their entire "it's not TV, it's HBO" thing is basically just sort of a gimmick to disguise that they don't actually care about telling these stories much; instead, they mostly care more about having an excuse to provide boobs and sex to dudes, because it's like "real" and "adult."  I mean, I suppose that as long as the shows have genuine quality, many would say, "Who cares?" but it seems almost creepy to me in a way.  Why should female actresses have to make this decision about whether they are willing to get naked in order to be on an HBO show when male actors don't have to make that decision?  It is really starting to bother me, despite the fact that The Wire, Deadwood, and others are among my favorite shows of all time.  There is such a clear and demonstrable pattern there.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 16 April 2013 - 04:06 PM.
4297	teemo	2013-04-16	It's not just that it pulls me out of this specific story, sometimes it makes me wonder about HBO in general, whether their entire "it's not TV, it's HBO" thing is basically just sort of a gimmick to disguise that they don't actually care about telling these stories much; instead, they mostly care more about having an excuse to provide boobs and sex to dudes, because it's like "real" and "adult."  I mean, I suppose that as long as the shows have genuine quality, many would say, "Who cares?" but it seems almost creepy to me in a way.  Why should female actresses have to make this decision about whether they are willing to get naked in order to be on an HBO show when male actors don't have to make that decision?  It is really starting to bother me, despite the fact that The Wire, Deadwood, and others are among my favorite shows of all time.  There is such a clear and demonstrable pattern there.You aren't the first person to call this creepy on here, and I agree.  At least shows like Deadwood do it artfully and with purpose.  I don't remember watching Deadwood and ever thinking, "oh god, this is soooo for the boob quota."  I do wonder what someone else asked on here, if GoT literally has a nudity quota to fill?  That scene really, really felt like it was created to meet some kind of nudity demand.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 16 April 2013 - 04:09 PM.
4298	MoAt	2013-04-16	Hilarious scene imo, bronn and tyrion are like you fucked the whores for free?  They need to know how.Furthermore I felt it was there as pod is a strong presence throughout the books, helps to build his character.We know now he is either well hung or a master with the tongue. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
4299	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Imagine the uproar if they show Vic throwing all the boy sex slaves into the bay.
4300	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-16	Exactly whose POV would that be in?  Because from what I recall, homosexuality still seemed in the closet in Westeros, and there weren't any male whore scenes.  How is it less problemative to be more unrealistic?Homosexuality may be in the closet, but there are several gay characters in ASoIaF. GRRM may not have done any male homosexual scenes, but he does have two female scenes Cersei and the Myrish swamp and Dany and her handmaiden. Poor Renly and Loras only got to "pray". I'm actually glad we don't have any male whore scenes, I would like fewer whore scenes and devote more screen time to other storylines..
4301	SerMixalot	2013-04-16	Part of the problem D&D are facing is that characters like Bronn become fan favorites and they feel like they have to keep them in the story.  Essentially Bronn does nothing from here on out in the story, but D&D feel like they have to have him continue in the show, so we get the pointless and repetitive scenes with Bronn and Tyrion because he is the only person Bronn interacts with. I wish D&D has the guts to just let Bronn leave the scene.  There are many other interesting characters from the book that could take his place. 
As for the nudity, I am as hotblooded as the next guy, I find Talisa to be one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen and love looking at her, but I find scenes like Pod's just boring, they take me out of the show and I find myself waiting for the scenes to be over so they can get back to the story.  That doesnt happen with all of the nude scenes, ie Dany and Drogo, but most ofthe nude scenes are simply tedious.  Its funny cause Spartacus had far more nude scenes but they were always, IDK engaging in the storyline.
4302	SerMixalot	2013-04-16	But that's what I've been saying the whole time.If they HAVE to fill the nude quota, which apparently they do then why not with important characters and not brothel scenes?/ why not use the sex from the books? why is it solely female nudity in all these scenes? why no male nudity?be careful what you wish for cause you may have a fat pink mast in your future! /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />)
4303	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	They weren't unbearably arrogant in this Behind the Episode, even if they were treating themselves like genii for the chair scene. At least they remembered that Martin was the one who wrote the books in this one.But some of the things they say are just flat out wrong. Apparently Jon doesn't have a father figure (did D+D miss out on Ned, Benjen, Aemon, Mormon, Qhorin and Mance?) and Jaime is a monster (did they skip over his redemption arc?). It's moderately entertaining if you're in a good mood.You're forgetting again that all of what is said and portrayed is a moment in time.  They aren't talking about Jon from A Dance with Dragons, and they aren't talking about Jaime after he saves Brienne.What they said about Jon at the beginning of season 2 was that he was "looking for a father figure" which he finds in Mormont, and then later Mance, and somewhat in Stannis later on - although I think that is an example of when Jon has grown to the point where he doesn't NEED a father figure.  So in that sense they were not wrong.Also, Jaime most certainly WAS a monster.  To say during season two that he was is quite accurate as well.  If they are still saying that after he's returned to Kingsguard then I would agree that they were wrong.
4304	SerMixalot	2013-04-16	Ha...I actually got into a huugeeeee fight with a close friend over this, who has also read the books.  He would fast forward through any Renly/Loras scene and made a point to tell me constantly, "this isn't right.  No one wants to see men on television."  I was so appalled...it was an epic fight...Which is why I found the Aegon plotline so endearing on Spartacus.  I am a heterosexual male, but I found it entertaining to see a male homosexual couple freely expressing their love and desire for each other, especially by otherwise "macho" charactes, they were respected by their compadres, heroes if you will. I dont know enough about the cultural mores of the time, whether it was ahistorical (along with most of the show), but it was refreshing to see this new characterization of a group that has been stereotyped for so long.  It made for interesting viewing, challenging people's perceptions.  I wish GoT had that courage as well.
4305	SerMixalot	2013-04-16	It's often so awkward and absurd in the books, I actually strangely enjoy thatYeah, sometimes I think gRRM is talking with my exes.
4306	Former Lord of Winterfell	2013-04-16	I meant that, if the show wants to have scenes in Littlefinger's brothel with naked prostitutes walking around, why not show both genders? It's unrealistic that there's only female prostitutes.It is?  Where is there any evidence of male prostitutes in the KL brothels being frequented, particularly Chataya's?  Again, homosexuality is in the closet in Westeros.  The idea of some nobly-born man coming into Chataya's and openly engaging a male prostitute, necessarily in view of some POV character, doesn't make any sense.  There was nothing approaching that in the Kings Landing that Martin created.  The only gay relationship he describes even tangentially is Renly and Loras, and you actually got that scene, which was even more than the book gave.Westeros has not adopted gender equity as a principle, nor is homosexuality accepted.  The only homosexual prostitute we ever hear about is one who was sent to the Wall, which suggests that it is not a professional many would care to practice openly.
4307	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	It is?  Where is there any evidence of male prostitutes in the KL brothels being frequented, particularly Chataya's?  Again, homosexuality is in the closet in Westeros.  The idea of some nobly-born man coming into Chataya's and openly engaging a male prostitute, necessarily in view of some POV character, doesn't make any sense.  There was nothing approaching that in the Kings Landing that Martin created.  The only gay relationship he describes even tangentially is Renly and Loras, and you actually got that scene, which was even more than the book gave.Westeros has not adopted gender equity as a principle, nor is homosexuality accepted.  The only homosexual prostitute we ever hear about is one who was sent to the Wall, which suggests that it is not a professional many would care to practice openly.There is no precedent of women frequenting brothels as customers in Westeros that I can think of. Nor is there any precedent for homosexuals doing the same.In the show, we have the precedent of Littlefinger being a purveyor of all tastes, but we're talking amputees and corpses and little boys which no one wants to see.It's a chauvinistic society. It's unrealistic there would be male prostitutes aplenty in the capitol, as you say.I guess people aren't cool with chauvinism even though it's quite obviously the way Westeros works.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 16 April 2013 - 10:36 PM.
4308	Jolene Brown	2013-04-16	There's also that thing with one of the Umbers, but I don't remember the exact details.  Didn't it happen in Highgarden back when he was studying to be a Maester?  In Oldtown?
4309	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-16	What i found interesting was the scene that followed Pod's Adventures. Tyrion seemed absolutely astonished that the whores did not take the money. While this may seem like it has nothing to do with anything, i thought it played into part of Tyrion's character development a bit. His bit where he is like "They always take the money when its me" seemed to me like he was thinking about his own experiences and the like.
We all know how resentful and awful Tyrion gets later on in the series. Maybe this business with Pod helps reinforce Tyrion's own insecurities? I guess thats just how i saw it.
4310	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	What i found interesting was the scene that followed Pod's Adventures. Tyrion seemed absolutely astonished that the whores did not take the money. While this may seem like it has nothing to do with anything, i thought it played into part of Tyrion's character development a bit. His bit where he is like "They always take the money when its me" seemed to me like he was thinking about his own experiences and the like.We all know how resentful and awful Tyrion gets later on in the series. Maybe this business with Pod helps reinforce Tyrion's own insecurities? I guess thats just how i saw it.I personally thought he was feigning surprise. I'm actually really curious about it now which is bothersome since its essentially not at all important ><
4311	greensleeves	2013-04-16	It is?  Where is there any evidence of male prostitutes in the KL brothels being frequented, particularly Chataya's?  Again, homosexuality is in the closet in Westeros.  The idea of some nobly-born man coming into Chataya's and openly engaging a male prostitute, necessarily in view of some POV character, doesn't make any sense.  There was nothing approaching that in the Kings Landing that Martin created.  The only gay relationship he describes even tangentially is Renly and Loras, and you actually got that scene, which was even more than the book gave.Westeros has not adopted gender equity as a principle, nor is homosexuality accepted.  The only homosexual prostitute we ever hear about is one who was sent to the Wall, which suggests that it is not a professional many would care to practice openly.So Baelish caters to necrophiliacs and pedophiles but not gay men and straight women?Historically even societies where homosexuality is deeply closeted have had male prostitution.  Its going to be a consideration with any large urban population.  Seeing a male prostitute wouldn't be outlandish.  That being said, this was only one of many suggestions in this thread for making the nudity/sex more balanced.There's also that thing with one of the Umbers, but I don't remember the exact details.  Didn't it happen in Highgarden back when he was studying to be a Maester?  In Oldtown?Yeah, Whoresbane got his name from a male prostitute in Oldtown.I personally thought he was feigning surprise. I'm actually really curious about it now which is bothersome since its essentially not at all important ><Yes.  A million times yes.  No one can agree on an interpretation of that scene... so it is a big mystery.  A big, uninteresting, idiotic mystery.
4312	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	In fact I can imagine audiences suddenly being confused that Stannis has a wife and daughter.Yes, and add to that Mance having a wife and son....On Topic:I reject claims that the scene has any validity in that it develops Pod's character. His character does not need developing because he is so minor. We all know that certain story lines have to be cut in order to make it all fit. As much of a Brienne fan as I am, the Brienne + Pod story is one that should end up on the cutting room floor. Even if it doesn't, this scene adds nothing to that story.The only possible justification for the scene is that it demonstrates that Lord Tywin's assessment of Tyrion is absolutely correct and he cannot be trusted with Casterly Rock in any way at all. I will give the show runners a very begrudging nod if they go on to show Tywin berating Tyrion for what happened here at some point in the future: but "I will let maggots consume my body" before I forgive them for botching the character of Mance and the Wildlings.
4313	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-16	I thought that scene had more to do with Tyrion than Pod. 
Oh well. I guess im just the nutty one who deigned to find that scene amusing.
4314	Dragon Doll	2013-04-16	I think sex scenes that further the plot line in an important way are fine. See Dany and Drogo in season 1. Tyrion and Shae. Even Renly and Loras. People who are actually having sex (or not in the case of Renly and Margaery) because it is an important part of their relationship. The problem with many of the show's sex scenes is that so many just seem to be thrown in there just to fill a sex scene quota or something. Often with whores who have no other purpose in the show other than to get naked for a few minutes. Most of them don't even show any actual sex, and it's questionable how much many of them add to the story. They have so many other characters to follow that I would generally like to get more scenes from instead.You could make the same argument for the amount of violence. No-one does though (at least not nearly as much as for the sex). There is plenty of unnecessary violence and gore in the show. (the white walkers 'art', Joffrey torturing whores, rock falling onto head which explodes, cutting leg off with saw, none of which was in the book so wasn't necessary to further the plot.)Its moronic to complain about the amount of sex in a show that is known for going into great detail.I personally think Pod's scene was cute, i really like Pod and to those who don't think it furthered his character; Seriously?! Cause loosing your virginity is just totally irrelevant (sarcasm).Don't take this the wrong way, i'm not actually against the violence or the sex. It creates more colour and depth, which is itself an important aspect of the series.
4315	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	So I watched the episode again tonight, and I timed this scene because I thought the 7 minutes that people are throwing around seemed longer than it really was.  Turns out the scene with the prostitutes was less than two minutes long.   The dialogue with Pod when he returned was barely over a minute.  A little more than three minutes of levity is hardly a waste of a huge chunk of time.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 16 April 2013 - 11:37 PM.
4316	Dragon Doll	2013-04-16	I reject claims that the scene has any validity in that it develops Pod's character. His character does not need developing because he is so minor. We all know that certain story lines have to be cut in order to make it all fit. As much of a Brienne fan as I am, the Brienne + Pod story is one that should end up on the cutting room floor. Even if it doesn't, this scene adds nothing to that story.It cant end up being dropped. Pod is absolutely vital to Brienne's story.
	Spoiler  without seeing Pod dying on the end of a rope, Brienne would not have surrendered to Stoneheart, she would have died and become irrelevant, and George doesn't do irrelevant.
The fact that the writers are going to so much trouble to give Pod more depth just shows that he's going to be very important in the last books.
4317	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	So Baelish caters to necrophiliacs and pedophiles but not gay men and straight women?Historically even societies where homosexuality is deeply closeted have had male prostitution.  Its going to be a consideration with any large urban population.  Seeing a male prostitute wouldn't be outlandish.There are male prostitutes hanging around in the background in season 2.  Remember the scene where Ros is coaching the two prostitutes (one male and the other female)?
4318	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	i really like Pod and to those who don't think it furthered his character; Seriously?! Cause loosing your virginity is just totally irrelevant (sarcasm).I really like Pod too.The scene did develop his character.The problem is his character does not need developing because he is so insignificant.Why not develop Mance Rayder's character? I am reasonably certain he and his son are more important than Pod.Why not develop Jon Snow's character? I am reasonably certain he is more important than Pod - 15 episodes walking though the snow isn't really cutting it.
4319	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-17	Meh, that whole scene was gratuitous beyond repair.I'd argue against the scene being gratuitous. Tyrions introduction of all three ladies is a minor chuckle, but it's really a setup to the big punchline in the scene later when he returns the money. It was the episodes only moment of pure levity. Granted the small council musical chairs was humorous, but it had very serious subtext. In an episode that featured the somberness of Hot Pie's departure from Arya, Jaime's dismemberment, and two near rapes--I'd say the Pod scenes weren't gratuitous at all. Quite the contrary, it was a balance.I really like Pod too.The scene did develop his character.The problem is his character does not need developing because he is so insignificant.What.The.Fuck.You've read book4, right? Pod is awesome. Just ask the Maid of Tarth. His screen time is well deserved.
					
					
							Edited by PetyrPunkinhead, 17 April 2013 - 12:09 AM.
4320	Currawong	2013-04-17	So I watched the episode again tonight, and I timed this scene because I thought the 7 minutes that people are throwing around seemed longer than it really was.  Turns out the scene with the prostitutes was less than two minutes long.   The dialogue with Pod when he returned was barely over a minute.  A little more than three minutes of levity is hardly a waste of a huge chunk of time.Exactly.  Especially in an episode where there was so much sadness and real darkness - the episode even starts with a funeral, and goes on to the Arya/Gendry/Hot Pie farewell.  Then we get to the really dark stuff like the Godfather-esque horse head circle after the battle beyond the wall, Craster's keep with Gilly giving birth and the knowledge of what will happen to a boy baby, the slaves in Astapor and the 'walk of punishment', all the Theon stuff including the chase and the rape threat, Jaime /Brienne with another threatened pack rape and then the loss of his hand.   I don't begrudge a TV show giving us moments of humour as juxtaposition, even if invented humour in a brothel, and in E 3 it was particularly necessary.   In fact, the humour in the brothel scene and the musical council chairs part only served to make the darkness 'darker'.  Not to mention that the obligatory brothel scene every few episodes is almost a standing joke as regards the show itself.   And you have to admit there were some lovely touches in the Ep 3 scene - the Pod/Tyrion/Bronn interaction, the Meerenese knot reference, and the whole absurdity of the kingdom's financial books being kept in a brothel!  Don't know what that actually says about the state of the finances, LOL, but it seems that Tyrion is rapidly finding out ...And if you relax and watch the show as a show, you will see that even moments of humour have their subtleties, and often tell us little things about the characters or the story itself.  At times, the various Ros/Shae and brothel scenes have seemed almost like a weird Greek chorus, giving us a view of events and people that we perhaps don't get in the books because of the POV structure and GRRM's 'unreliable narrator' writing.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 April 2013 - 12:27 AM.
4321	greensleeves	2013-04-17	I reject claims that the scene has any validity in that it develops Pod's character. His character does not need developing because he is so minor. We all know that certain story lines have to be cut in order to make it all fit. As much of a Brienne fan as I am, the Brienne + Pod story is one that should end up on the cutting room floor. Even if it doesn't, this scene adds nothing to that story.The only possible justification for the scene is that it demonstrates that Lord Tywin's assessment of Tyrion is absolutely correct and he cannot be trusted with Casterly Rock in any way at all. I will give the show runners a very begrudging nod if they go on to show Tywin berating Tyrion for what happened here at some point in the future: but "I will let maggots consume my body" before I forgive them for botching the character of Mance and the Wildlings.I liked the way Martin developed Pod's character.  He was basically this random, mysterious guy who hangs around Tyrion (Sansa tries to find out more about him, but Tyrion cuts that off pretty quickly).  Then we discover more about him when he's hanging out with Brienne because she actually talks to him.Also, your point about Tywin being right is absolutely hilarious.  Some people try to solve every problem with money; Show!Tyrion does it with whores.Nephew acting up? Whores!   Feel indebted to a worker?  Whores!I'm surprised he didn't try to send whores to Stannis, but I guess he'd lived with him in King's Landing before.  Maybe he tried to do it and it didn't work out.  Tywin does have a good point about Show!Tyrion.You could make the same argument for the amount of violence. No-one does though (at least not nearly as much as for the sex). There is plenty of unnecessary violence and gore in the show. I think people would be very upset at the violence if it was only directed at one gender or was inserted completely randomly (... and here are two scenes about the mountain having unnamed people tortured to fulfill our violence quota!)There are male prostitutes hanging around in the background in season 2.  Remember the scene where Ros is coaching the two prostitutes (one male and the other female)?Ah yes!  I had forgotten.  So it's confirmed that Baelish *does* have male prostitutes.  Thanks!
4322	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-17	His screen time is well deserved.We will have to agree to disagree on any added in screentime.
4323	Volantis	2013-04-17	Complete waste of 10 minutes
4324	Currawong	2013-04-17	TEN MINUTES?  Volantis, are you absolutely sure your stopwatch was working?  Or - oh the shock and horror! - do you mean I have missed a whole seven minutes and two other brothel scenes?!  Not to mention some more Tyrion and Bronn.  I am truly devastated  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />See: The Duke of J-Town, on 17 April 2013 - 03:36 PM, said: So I watched the episode again tonight, and I timed this scene because I thought the 7 minutes that people are throwing around seemed longer than it really was.  Turns out the scene with the prostitutes was less than two minutes long.   The dialogue with Pod when he returned was barely over a minute.  A little more than three minutes of levity is hardly a waste of a huge chunk of time.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 April 2013 - 01:25 AM.
4325	kingpodrick	2013-04-17	So I watched the episode again tonight, and I timed this scene because I thought the 7 minutes that people are throwing around seemed longer than it really was.  Turns out the scene with the prostitutes was less than two minutes long.   The dialogue with Pod when he returned was barely over a minute.  A little more than three minutes of levity is hardly a waste of a huge chunk of time.yep, checked this too.started with Tyrion's "..Pod keep up.." up until the end of their discussion  39:20 - 43:34 (approx 4 mins)thought the nudity was a bit too much, but i did have a long hearty laugh from their discovery that apparently Pod is good with swords.
4326	teemo	2013-04-17	as far as "people don't ever complain about unnecessary violence," well - that's not totally true.  lots of people have complained about the white walker's "art" and the crossbow scene with Joffrey.  I personally would be very annoyed if people randomly started getting chopped up to pieces for no reason.  and this topic wouldn't get nearly as much heat if it were just slightly gender balanced.  about half the thread is dedicated to that..
4327	Ondskapsmannen	2013-04-17	It was a great scene. Considering how much sex are in the books I'm a bit dissappointed there isn't even more nudity in the show.
I am new to this forum, and I must say I'm surprised to see so much complaining going on over every aspect of what I and many others think is the best tv series ever.
4328	Rapsie	2013-04-17	yep, checked this too.started with Tyrion's "..Pod keep up.." up until the end of their discussion  39:20 - 43:34 (approx 4 mins)thought the nudity was a bit too much, but i did have a long hearty laugh from their discovery that apparently Pod is good with swords.I would also add in the time spent looking at Ros' breasts and the discussion with LF could have been done at the council meeting and have been shorter. It was time that could have been used (and to be honest with the late introduction of the Tullys, mess that is becoming Stannis, etc is needed) to develop other characters or the storyline. Some actors (last season especially) seemed almost to be racing through their lines so we could have a long scene such as Tyrion/ Bronn arsing about with book names, that served no purpose.
4329	greensleeves	2013-04-17	Okay, I went back to the episode (sidenote: HBO GO is so awesomely convenient).  The entire subplot goes from 35:16 to 42:02.  This is obviously the source of the seven minutes complaint.Personally, I liked the first part of it.  I thought Pod checking out Ros surreptitiously was humorous as was her egging him on about it.  Also, I liked the conversation between LF and Tyrion.It was the following two scenes I didn't like.  The naked whore scene was bad.  The followup was devastatingly cringe-worthy.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 17 April 2013 - 02:28 AM.
4330	greensleeves	2013-04-17	It was a great scene. Considering how much sex are in the books I'm a bit dissappointed there isn't even more nudity in the show.I am new to this forum, and I must say I'm surprised to see so much complaining going on over every aspect of what I and many others think is the best tv series ever.Welcome to the forums!If you're careful you'll notice that there isn't any actual sex in that scene.  A lot of the complaints don't revolve around amount of sex/nudity but rather the type and the manner in which its done.Edit: sorry for double posting
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 17 April 2013 - 02:27 AM.
4331	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-17	The scene was even more jarring considering it was placed after Dany's scenes. She's the centre of her own story achieving incredible things... and BAM, in the next scene women are reduced to objects.
It was seven minutes of filler, including Ros bending forward for Pod and Tyrion talking to Bronn and Littlefinger. It was pretty much all filler.
4332	Dove	2013-04-17	"Guys I swear I was so good the hooker literally paid me" is one of the oldest dudebro jokes there is. I just saw it as Tyrion and Bronn doing Pod a solid and arranging the situation so it seemed like that's what happened. If you see it that way it's supposed to be a little cringe-worthy, they're being hammy as hell on purposeI just like Bronn too much to see that goofy-ass scene as a waste. This season+the next one is basically our goodbye to him y'all!! I'm gonna miss him post ASOS content unless they write in more stuff to keep him busy, and the books become so massively splintered by that time I just can't see that happening.
4333	Currawong	2013-04-17	Well, as GRRM has noted on several occasions, he is puzzled that people get far more upset about nudity and sex than they do about even the worst sort of violence.
So I guess the moral is:  If you don't like sex and nudity, and / or you don't like violence, then don't read GRRM and don't watch the GoT TV show.  See - easy!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4334	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	The scene was even more jarring considering it was placed after Dany's scenes. She's the centre of her own story achieving incredible things... and BAM, in the next scene women are reduced to objects.It was seven minutes of filler, including Ros bending forward for Pod and Tyrion talking to Bronn and Littlefinger. It was pretty much all filler.I agree that scenes with the whores objectify the women onscreen, but isn't that kind of the point? Aren't we supposed to be seeing the whores through the POV of characters like Theon, Bronn and Littlefinger? These guys aren't exactly the most respectful of women. The shot of Ros' cleavage was clearly intended to be from Pod's point of view, and represented an innocent glimpse of the female body. I don't think it was intended to objectify her. Pod taking a sneaky glance at her breasts is something which pretty much every teenage boy has done, and I think this shot could have been used to show his immaturity.Bronn dressing down the whore and LF watching two whores have sex in front of them both objectified the women, but once again, it's being displayed from the POV of characters that see the whores as nothing more than a series of holes. As were any of Theon's sex scenes. However, Dany's scenes with Drogo did NOT objectify Daenerys IMO, and I think part of this is because it was shown from her POV. Her first two scenes were uncomfortable, and reflected her state of mind and unwillingness to have sex with Drogo. The ones after her scene with Doreah were far more tender and delicate, and I took this to represent her growing love for Drogo.I'm not trying to disagree with you, or say that whores aren't objectified in the show. I'm just wondering whether the director intended to portray nudity in the way I just described it.I can't believed I left this thread and returned to it. Maybe this post should go in a new thread.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 17 April 2013 - 02:37 AM.
4335	greensleeves	2013-04-17	Well, as GRRM has noted on several occasions, he is puzzled that people get far more upset about nudity and sex than they do about even the worst sort of violence.So I guess the moral is:  If you don't like sex and nudity, and / or you don't like violence, then don't read GRRM and don't watch the GoT TV show.  See - easy!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />You are entirely missing the point.
4336	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	All that stuff with Littlefinger about Tyrion being master of coin and the discussion with Bronn about the debts of the kingdom and the Iron Bank don't count.  That's all exposition for the larger story.  The stuff you are complaining about (Pod and the whores) is only about three and a half minutes long, with a little over a minute of the nakedness.
I know it makes it more fun to say LOOK AT THIS HUUUUGE CHUNK OF TIME THEY WASTED!!! though.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 17 April 2013 - 02:41 AM.
4337	greensleeves	2013-04-17	I agree that scenes with the whores objectify the women onscreen, but isn't that kind of the point? Aren't we supposed to be seeing the whores through the POV of characters like Theon, Bronn and Littlefinger? These guys aren't exactly the most respectful of women. The shot of Ros' cleavage was clearly intended to be from Pod's point of view, and represented an innocent glimpse of the female body. I don't think it was intended to objectify her. Pod taking a sneaky glance at her breasts is something which pretty much every teenage boy has done, and I think this shot could have been used to show his immaturity.Bronn dressing down the whore and LF watching two whores have sex in front of them both objectified the women, but once again, it's being displayed from the POV of characters that see the whores as nothing more than a series of holes. As were any of Theon's sex scenes. However, Dany's scenes with Drogo did NOT objectify Daenerys IMO, and I think part of this is because it was shown from her POV. Her first two scenes were uncomfortable, and reflected her state of mind and unwillingness to have sex with Drogo. The ones after her scene with Doreah were far more tender and delicate, and I took this to represent her growing love for Drogo.I'm not trying to disagree with you, or say that whores aren't objectified in the show. I'm just wondering whether the director intended to portray nudity in the way I just described it.I can't believed I left this thread and returned to it. Maybe this post should go in a new thread.TV doesn't work as a POV medium the way books do.I actually liked the sex scene between Theon and that ship girl.  Theon was objectifying her, but the viewer was also able to get a small glimpse of her personality and desires.  She was being treated as an object by Theon but not the show.This is in direct contrast to a lot of these brothel scenes where the women are objectified by characters and the show.
4338	greensleeves	2013-04-17	All that stuff with Littlefinger about Tyrion being master of coin and the discussion with Bronn about the debts of the kingdom and the Iron Bank don't count.  That's all exposition for the larger story.  The stuff you are complaining about (Pod and the whores) is only about three and a half minutes long, with a little over a minute of the nakedness.I know it makes it more fun to say LOOK AT THIS HUUUUGE CHUNK OF TIME THEY WASTED!!! though.Who are you even talking to?  The time wasted and the horridness of Pod and the whores are two related but separate issues being complained about at various levels by various posters.
4339	Currawong	2013-04-17	You are entirely missing the point.No I'm not, but alas, they don't have a button for a sarcastic / ironic expression.  Unless it's this one  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Many of the brothel scenes actually DO say something, about characters / plotlines or the world / society of Westeros, whether explicitly or by implication, but I guess some people are just so determined to dislike them that they are oblivious as to the many reasons for including them.  Gratuitous nudity is only one such reason.   Yes, sometimes they can be a little overdone, but it's got to the point that every time a brothel or a whore gets shown on screen, there is almost a Pavlov's dog 'hate!' reaction to it, regardless of what is being said or shown or how it may contribute to the story.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 April 2013 - 02:56 AM.
4340	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	Who are you even talking to?  The time wasted and the horridness of Pod and the whores are two related but separate issues being complained about at various levels by various posters.To everyone INSISTING it's 7-10 minutes of female objectification.I don't really care.  I just timed it because I was watching the episode and thought I'd come in and share my results, but apparently it's better to be "right" than factually correct.
4341	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	TV doesn't work as a POV medium the way books do.I actually liked the sex scene between Theon and that ship girl.  Theon was objectifying her, but the viewer was also able to get a small glimpse of her personality and desires.  She was being treated as an object by Theon but not the show.This is in direct contrast to a lot of these brothel scenes where the women are objectified by characters and the show.I respectfully disagree that the same POV techniques can't be used in TV as well. We get another example of what I stated in Ned's beheading scene. We, as a viewer, see things from Arya's POV, as we don't actually see the blade sever the head. Like Arya, we are spared the horror of witnessing the actual decapitation. If we can consider Ned's death to be us looking at it through Arya's eyes, would it be too much of a stretch to assume that we also saw Ros' cleavage through Pod's eyes, or the lesbian scene through Littlefinger's eyes?I think that the directors, for the most part, honestly intend for the scenes to be titillating, that we get the same sense of arousal as the characters witnessing the nudity. However, this doesn't always translate well, and can come off as cheap and sleazy.
4342	Rapsie	2013-04-17	Who are you even talking to?  The time wasted and the horridness of Pod and the whores are two related but separate issues being complained about at various levels by various posters.Indeed. Personally I'm still a bothered by the unequal amount of lady to man flesh. Pod looking at Ros' breasts was actually quite sweet. The two naked whores were also fine, it was the contortionist who I found gratuitously over the top. It really went into the realms of dude bro humour. Now if the season was 12-15 episodes long, the whole seven minutes of filler would have been fine, but it is only 10 episodes and there are a lot of characters that they have underdeveloped or rushed so that you can have a scene like this one, just because it features Tyrion and Bronn. For example the cut scene of Sansa/the hound...and Tyrion, had Sophie Turner and Rory McCann going at breakneck speed through their lines in a minute and a half, and then a minute and a half of Tyrion, half of which was him looking wistful. In fact they have so underdeveloped Sandor (who is a more important character than Bronn in the Books) and Gregor that I notice people on winteriscoming and on TWOP getting them mixed up with one another. The only thing I thought was interesting about the scene with Pod and the Whores was that Tyrion was wearing red under black, because it hints at the "is Tyrion a secret Targ thing". Which although I don't believe, it's nice to see a nod to it.I don't really care.  I just timed it because I was watching the episode and thought I'd come in and share my results, but apparently it's better to be "right" than factually correct.Sweetie, I think you are missing the point. Some of us are complaining about the whole thing as filler not just the two minutes with the whores. Some others are cross about the objectification of women, and some are getting fed up of AGOT becoming the a song by Ludacris but featuring Tyrion singing it instead, with Bronn as a backup dancer.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 17 April 2013 - 03:07 AM.
4343	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	I respectfully disagree that the same POV techniques can't be used in TV as well. We get another example of what I stated in Ned's beheading scene. We, as a viewer, see things from Arya's POV, as we don't actually see the blade sever the head. Like Arya, we are spared the horror of witnessing the actual decapitation. If we can consider Ned's death to be us looking at it through Arya's eyes, would it be too much of a stretch to assume that we also saw Ros' cleavage through Pod's eyes, or the lesbian scene through Littlefinger's eyes?I think that the directors, for the most part, honestly intend for the scenes to be titillating, that we get the same sense of arousal as the characters witnessing the nudity. However, this doesn't always translate well, and can come off as cheap and sleazy.ERRRRRRRRH!!!You lose, Arya didn't see Ned's head being chopped off.  Surrender your fan card.
4344	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	ERRRRRRRRH!!!You lose, Arya didn't see Ned's head being chopped off.  Surrender your fan card.We get another example of what I stated in Ned's beheading scene. We, as a viewer, see things from Arya's POV, as we don't actually see the blade sever the head. Like Arya, we are spared the horror of witnessing the actual decapitation.
4345	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	Indeed. Personally I'm still a bothered by the unequal amount of lady to man flesh. Pod looking at Ros' breasts was actually quite sweet.I thought it was quite sweet as well, knowwhattamean knowwhattamean wink wink nudge nudge, say no more say no more.Now if the season was 12-15 episodes long, the whole seven minutes of filler would have been fine, but it is only 10 episodes and there are a lot of characters that they have underdeveloped or rushed so that you can have a scene like this one, just because it features Tyrion and Bronn. For example the cut scene of Sansa/the hound...and Tyrion, had Sophie Turner and Rory McCann going at breakneck speed through their lines in a minute and a half, and then a minute and a half of Tyrion, half of which was him looking wistful. In fact they have so underdeveloped Sandor (who is a more important character than Bronn in the Books) and Gregor that I notice people on winteriscoming and on TWOP getting them mixed up with one another.The only thing I thought was interesting about the scene with Pod and the Whores was that Tyrion was wearing red under black, because it hints at the "is Tyrion a secret Targ thing". Which although I don't believe, it's nice to see a nod to it.You people are driving me up the wall.   There was only about three and a half minutes of "filler," used to provide comic relief (and, I would argue, showcase Pod and endear the audience to him).  The other 4+ minutes is used to show Tyrion settling into his job as the Master of Coin and set up the financial troubles the kingdom will face and its entanglement with the Iron Bank.  That is what is important, and it is the bulk of that sequence of three scenes.If you want to complain about nudity and that it's a waste of time to have naked women and comic relief, fine.  But don't lump in content that has nothing to do with that because it's conveniently misleading.
4346	Words of Winter	2013-04-17	Can we females please just get one piece of eye candy just once? I just don't think Hodor, old man penis, Theon and random guy dragged by dothraki cut it.I seem to recall there are rumors of a full frontal jon snow.  keep watching.
4347	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	It was a joke at the expense of people who freak out over crap like that, don't make a thing of it haha.
4348	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	It was a joke at the expense of people who freak out over crap like that, don't make a thing of it haha.Oh right, my bad /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I seem to recall there are rumors of a full frontal jon snow.  keep watching.Yep, Kit Harington said in an interview that he has no problems with doing full frontal nudity, thus indicating that we will get some nude Jon in the Lord's kiss scene.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 17 April 2013 - 03:16 AM.
4349	Rapsie	2013-04-17	I thought it was quite sweet as well, knowwhattamean knowwhattamean wink wink nudge nudge, say no more say no more.I like Carry On films, so it was quite endearing. Although all Bronn and Tyrion need is Sid James and they'd be the perfect in a Carry On Dragons film!You people are driving me up the wall.   There was only about three and a half minutes of "filler," used to provide comic relief (and, I would argue, showcase Pod and endear the audience to him).  The other 4+ minutes is used to show Tyrion settling into his job as the Master of Coin and set up the financial troubles the kingdom will face and its entanglement with the Iron Bank.  That is what is important, and it is the bulk of that sequence of three scenes.If you want to complain about nudity and that it's a waste of time to have naked women and comic relief, fine.  But don't lump in content that has nothing to do with that because it's conveniently misleading.I would disagree. The stuff about the Iron Bank could have been covered in the Council Meeting and to greater effect as we could have had Tyrion's line about the Iron Bank having to wait for their money, (the same mistake Cersei later makes). That would have left time for five minutes elsewhere in the episode to spend on other characters.
4350	greensleeves	2013-04-17	I just like Bronn too much to see that goofy-ass scene as a waste. This season+the next one is basically our goodbye to him y'all!! I'm gonna miss him post ASOS content unless they write in more stuff to keep him busy, and the books become so massively splintered by that time I just can't see that happening.Hey now!  I think (hope) there's a fairly good chance we'll get to see Bronn's rise to lord-dom and the naming of his son.  These would be actually interesting things to see.  Sidenote: why isn't Bronn cool enough to get girls without paying for them?  Also on the equal nudity front: Does that actor have some nudity clause?No I'm not, but alas, they don't have a button for a sarcastic / ironic expression.  Unless it's this one  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Sorry!  I thought you were being serious about that post (a lot of posters have come in to express basically those views).  You might try just putting in sarcasm tags <sarcasm> </sarcasm>  Was the rest of this post serious?I respectfully disagree that the same POV techniques can't be used in TV as well. We get another example of what I stated in Ned's beheading scene. We, as a viewer, see things from Arya's POV, as we don't actually see the blade sever the head. Like Arya, we are spared the horror of witnessing the actual decapitation. If we can consider Ned's death to be us looking at it through Arya's eyes, would it be too much of a stretch to assume that we also saw Ros' cleavage through Pod's eyes, or the lesbian scene through Littlefinger's eyes?I think that the directors, for the most part, honestly intend for the scenes to be titillating, that we get the same sense of arousal as the characters witnessing the nudity. However, this doesn't always translate well, and can come off as cheap and sleazy.I think that POV can be used in television, but its just never quite as all-encompassing as it is on the page.  Even in a show like Dexter, where the main character often narrates, our observations go beyond his descriptions.I do think the directors mean for these scenes to be titillating, but the problem is that they are clearly only directing that intention towards a certain portion of the audience.
4351	Ran	2013-04-17	I'd just like to point out, for those really hoping that the Podrick farce was really the result of Tyrion or Littlefinger or someone, anyone, paying the prostitutes to refuse to take Pod's money, as some means of boosting Pod's ego or something (aside: what I wonder about this idea is... is whoever going to pay the rest of the women Podrick ever sleeps with? Because otherwise, they're just setting him up for disappointment when he learns he was never the World's Greatest Lover):
No. Episode four makes it very plain that Podrick is really just so very spectacular in bed.
4352	Dove	2013-04-17	^^^ Hahaha, really? That owns. Pod you scampHey now!  I think (hope) there's a fairly good chance we'll get to see Bronn's rise to lord-dom and the naming of his son.  These would be actually interesting things to see.  Sidenote: why isn't Bronn cool enough to get girls without paying for them?  Also on the equal nudity front: Does that actor have some nudity clause?Him naming the bastard kid Tyrion solely to piss Cersei off and the shitstorm that follows is literally one of my favorite things in this whole ridiculous series, it's hilarious and weirdly encapsulates a lot of the themes of ASOIAF perfectly. It would be really great if they worked him and Lollys in somehow.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 17 April 2013 - 03:28 AM.
4353	Words of Winter	2013-04-17	Wow:  400 posts on this scene.  Here are my 2 cents:The scene was too long but they had to have the HBO scene.The focus on the contortionist's clothed, thankfully, nether area was poorly done and too long and made me feel creepy.It was done to justify the Mereenese Knot inside joke.The second part of the scene, when Pod meets Tyrion and Bronne, is better.The way I took it, which may be unique as I have not seen it anywhere else, is that Tyrion was interested in what transpired not because he wanted to hear a play-by-play, but because Pod was given it for free, which mean someone may be trying to get him to owe them a future favor. "Nothing is ever free."  Was this a setup for Pod to owe a favor to the Balish/Ros.  Tyrion had to find out so he could determine if anyone was making a play upon his trust in Pod.Bronne, just wanted a play-by-play.Perhaps I over analyzing - but that is what went through my mind.
4354	greensleeves	2013-04-17	I'd just like to point out, for those really hoping that the Podrick farce was really the result of Tyrion or Littlefinger or someone, anyone, paying the prostitutes to refuse to take Pod's money, as some means of boosting Pod's ego or something (aside: what I wonder about this idea is... is whoever going to pay the rest of the women Podrick ever sleeps with? Because otherwise, they're just setting him up for disappointment when he learns he was never the World's Greatest Lover):No. Episode four makes it very plain that Podrick is really just so very spectacular in bed.There is no eye-roll big enough.New theory:  Pod is part vibrator.Edit:... no, wait,... even then it still wouldn't make any sense.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 17 April 2013 - 03:36 AM.
4355	Words of Winter	2013-04-17	I'd just like to point out, for those really hoping that the Podrick farce was really the result of Tyrion or Littlefinger or someone, anyone, paying the prostitutes to refuse to take Pod's money, as some means of boosting Pod's ego or something (aside: what I wonder about this idea is... is whoever going to pay the rest of the women Podrick ever sleeps with? Because otherwise, they're just setting him up for disappointment when he learns he was never the World's Greatest Lover):No. Episode four makes it very plain that Podrick is really just so very spectacular in bed.Oh, guess not.  More 'Pod the Playa' in ep 4.  Fantastic. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by Dread Pirate Dave, 17 April 2013 - 03:31 AM.
4356	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-17	No. Episode four makes it very plain that Podrick is really just so very spectacular in bed.Goddamit. You could have told me this before I spent so much time arguing /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />This makes me side with the showrunners a lot less. I'm fine with this scene being a one-off comedy bit. But for the love of god, please don't make this a running joke. There are enough characters and plots on the show already. If you're going to do "The Sexual Escapades of Podrick Payne", make it a web series or something. Seven hells...
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 17 April 2013 - 03:34 AM.
4357	Rapsie	2013-04-17	No. Episode four makes it very plain that Podrick is really just so very spectacular in bed.Oh good grief. Are we certain D&D aren't being wargged by two 13 year old school boys?
4358	greensleeves	2013-04-17	I'd just like to point out, for those really hoping that the Podrick farce was really the result of Tyrion or Littlefinger or someone, anyone, paying the prostitutes to refuse to take Pod's money, as some means of boosting Pod's ego or something (aside: what I wonder about this idea is... is whoever going to pay the rest of the women Podrick ever sleeps with? Because otherwise, they're just setting him up for disappointment when he learns he was never the World's Greatest Lover):No. Episode four makes it very plain that Podrick is really just so very spectacular in bed.I wonder if they even thought people would question it?This is officially the stupidest thing they've ever done.  I think they really do have to start acknowledging that they are alienating a very large number of people with stuff like this.
4359	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	I'd just like to point out, for those really hoping that the Podrick farce was really the result of Tyrion or Littlefinger or someone, anyone, paying the prostitutes to refuse to take Pod's money, as some means of boosting Pod's ego or something (aside: what I wonder about this idea is... is whoever going to pay the rest of the women Podrick ever sleeps with? Because otherwise, they're just setting him up for disappointment when he learns he was never the World's Greatest Lover):No. Episode four makes it very plain that Podrick is really just so very spectacular in bed.Hey come on man, SPOILER???
4360	Ran	2013-04-17	Oh, sorry. I spoiled the fact that one of the lamest things the writers ever came up with is also a running joke.
Sorry about that.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 17 April 2013 - 03:58 AM.
4361	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	I wonder if they even thought people would question it?This is officially the stupidest thing they've ever done.  I think they really do have to start acknowledging that they are alienating a very large number of people with stuff like this.I'm sincerely hoping (now that Ran has spoiled this little nugget that would have been a very entertaining surprise to witness - thanks a lot pal!!) that the episode starts with Pod in bed with a BUNCH of naked women, just because the butthurt on this forum will be unstoppable.Think of the children!!
4362	Ran	2013-04-17	I don't think David and Dan ever realized that what they created was so farcically unreal that the fevered imaginations of denizens of this and other fora would try to somehow make sense of it, so I don't think they consider their running joke anything but funny, rather than revelatory. And so I'll treat it as they intended: a light-hearted moment, not a world-shaking surprise.
Yeah, I get more and more annoyed by the scene the more I think of it.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 17 April 2013 - 04:01 AM.
4363	Rapsie	2013-04-17	I'm sincerely hoping (now that Ran has spoiled this little nugget that would have been a very entertaining surprise to witness - thanks a lot pal!!) that the episode starts with Pod in bed with a BUNCH of naked women, just because the butthurt on this forum will be unstoppable.Think of the children!!Don't give the producers any more ideas!
4364	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	Oh, sorry. I spoiled the fact that one of the lamest things the writers ever came up with is also a running joke.Sorry about that.Tyrion riding a pig was one of the lames things Martin ever came up with, but I wouldn't have wanted that spoiled either.EDIT: I realize this could come across as a lot harsher than I intended.  I don't really care about it, I just think it's funny that you did, in fact, post what some might consider a spoiler just because you didn't like it haha.How'd you get to see it before the rest of us, you lucky bastard??
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 17 April 2013 - 04:07 AM.
4365	Rapsie	2013-04-17	Oh, sorry. I spoiled the fact that one of the lamest things the writers ever came up with is also a running joke.Running joke. God, so there will be more time spent on continuing this ridiculous scene in the next episode? I'm really hoping it's one line and not another 5 minute scene.Edit: Actually, no what am I think. Duke Town is right, it is going to Pod and his entourage of whores from her on in. Sigh.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 17 April 2013 - 04:05 AM.
4366	Dove	2013-04-17	If nothing else they've insured that Pod is never, ever going to get lost or forgotten in the sea of background characters
Podrick Payne: Sexual Dynamo
4367	greensleeves	2013-04-17	I don't think David and Dan ever realized that what they created was so farcically unreal that the fevered imaginations of denizens of this and other fora would try to somehow make sense of it, so I don't think they consider their running joke anything but funny, rather than revelatory. And so I'll treat it as they intended: a light-hearted moment, not a world-shaking surprise.Yeah, I get more and more annoyed by the scene the more I think of it.I keep thinking about that part of the Emmy panel where George was *so proud* that the show didn't turn out to be 'a show for boys'.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 17 April 2013 - 04:14 AM.
4368	teemo	2013-04-17	Just re-watched some Rome.....tons of nudity and brothels, but men have sex with their clothes off and there are plenty of nude men.  No ridiculously pointless drawn out nude women scenes that serve no purpose.  That's how do you do tasteful nudity.  GoT nudity is more similar to the style of True Blood.
4369	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	Edit: Actually, no what am I think. Duke Town is right, it is going to Pod and his entourage of whores from her on in. Sigh.It's J-Town, thank you very much, and I sure hope so!Maybe they are setting up something between Pod and Brienne later...?
4370	Ran	2013-04-17	Tyrion riding a pig was one of the lames things Martin ever came up with, but I wouldn't have wanted that spoiled either.Mileage varies? Given the fact that Joffrey having demanded that at his wedding (and Tyrion's refusal because of his pride) was a major cause for the public encounter that helped lead to Tyrion being accused of his nephew's murder,Tyrion actually ending up doing it is kind of a pretty interesting exemplar of how far he has fallen in the world.And no, we do not see Pod in bed with a bunch of women.Oh, is that a spoiler, too? Sorry again! Don't know what I'm thinking.
4371	greensleeves	2013-04-17	Just re-watched some Rome.....tons of nudity and brothels, but men have sex with their clothes off and there are plenty of nude men.  No ridiculously pointless drawn out nude women scenes that serve no purpose.  That's how do you do tasteful nudity.  GoT nudity is more similar to the style of True Blood.Hey now, True Blood has some quality man-flesh.  Eric and Alfie.
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 17 April 2013 - 05:03 AM.
4372	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	Just re-watched some Rome.....tons of nudity and brothels, but men have sex with their clothes off and there are plenty of nude men.  No ridiculously pointless drawn out nude women scenes that serve no purpose.  That's how do you do tasteful nudity.  GoT nudity is more similar to the style of True Blood.Isn't True Blood mostly for chicks and gay dudes though?  That's what my girlfriend tells me, anyway.Mileage varies? Given the fact that Joffrey having demanded that at his wedding (and Tyrion's refusal because of his pride) was a major cause for the public encounter that helped lead to Tyrion being accused of his nephew's murder,Tyrion actually ending up doing it is kind of a pretty interesting exemplar of how far he has fallen in the world.I wasn't actually serious, I really had to think about that one.  But it was STILL pretty lame.  Maybe we'll find that Pod's popularity with the ladies is important to getting him into some situation later too...And no, we do not see Pod in bed with a bunch of women.Oh, is that a spoiler, too? Sorry again! Don't know what I'm thinking.AGH, no, why??
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 17 April 2013 - 04:14 AM.
4373	Rapsie	2013-04-17	I keep think about that part of the Emmy panel where George was *so proud* that the show didn't turn out to be 'a show for boys'.It's such a shame as this season they are really doing so well with, Theon, Jaime/Brienne and Dany. Arya and the BWB is also shaping up well.
4374	Rapsie	2013-04-17	And no, we do not see Pod in bed with a bunch of women.Oh, is that a spoiler, too? Sorry again! Don't know what I'm thinking.More like a bloody relief than a spoiler!
4375	greensleeves	2013-04-17	Oh, is that a spoiler, too? Sorry again! Don't know what I'm thinking.You are thinking... more than we can say for D&D.
4376	teemo	2013-04-17	Isn't True Blood mostly for chicks and gay dudes though?  That's what my girlfriend tells me, anyway.Nah, lots of straight guys watch that drivel.  Maybe that's a bad example though, because men get naked in there too...not sure what the nudity comparison is to GoT.  It's in a league of its own, I guess...
4377	teemo	2013-04-17	More like a bloody relief than a spoiler!Right?  Thanks for "spoiling" that.  An ongoing joke though? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by schala, 17 April 2013 - 04:14 AM.
4378	Rapsie	2013-04-17	Isn't True Blood mostly for chicks and gay dudes though?  That's what my girlfriend tells me, anyway.I think Tru Blood was good to begin with, but from season 3 onwards it has steadily gone down hill. My other half stopped watching season 3 because he got bored with it. To be honest I only watched season 3 and 4 for the attractive men, but that didn't hold enough interest to watch season 5.
4379	teemo	2013-04-17	Whenever I hear guys talk about it, it's "Sookie's boobs."  Whenever I hear women talk about it, it's either Alcide's body or overall Eric. lol.  Damn, I know too much about this show...
4380	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	To be honest I only watched season 3 and 4 for the attractive menI'm offended by your objectification of men.
4381	Rapsie	2013-04-17	I'm offended by your objectification of men.He he he. But that's what they are there for! At least in Tru Blood what's good for the goose is good for the gander.Edit: On a more serious note and back on topic, Tru Blood is fluffy TV. A good series but nothing amazing. AGOT however has the source material to be one of the best Dramas of all time, such as I Claudius. However the Pod and the Whores scene etc are the kind of thing that will turn it in to just another fluffy TV series. I guess scenes like this are wasted potential in my view.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 17 April 2013 - 04:23 AM.
4382	teemo	2013-04-17	True Blood is stupid as hell and gratuitous beyond belief, but you definitely can't accuse it of not catering to both males and females with its nudity...
BTW: whores never turn down money.  That's a really tired cliche and flat out dumb.
					
					
							Edited by schala, 17 April 2013 - 04:24 AM.
4383	Dove	2013-04-17	Heh. I didn't think of it before but it is a little odd as a joke when you remember the fact that Littlefinger threatened to sell Ros to a man who mutilates women last season just because she was crying too much. You have to wonder how he'd react to his employees turning down money.Oh, well. It's not really one of those jokes you're supposed to look all that deeply into.
					
					
							Edited by chareth cutestory, 17 April 2013 - 04:31 AM.
4384	teemo	2013-04-17	Heh. I didn't think of it before but it is a little odd as a joke when you remember the fact that Littlefinger threatened to sell Ros to a man who mutilates women last season just because she was crying too much. You have to wonder how he'd react to his employees turning down money.Oh, well. It's not really one of those jokes you're supposed to look all that deeply into.that's actually a really good point...
4385	Khal Porno	2013-04-17	Heh. I didn't think of it before but it is a little odd as a joke when you remember the fact that Littlefinger threatened to sell Ros to a man who mutilates women last season just because she was crying too much. You have to wonder how he'd react to his employees turning down money.Oh, well. It's not really one of those jokes you're supposed to look all that deeply into.BOOM misunderstanding, nothing to see here.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 17 April 2013 - 04:34 AM.
4386	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-17	At least this kind of male fantasy fulfilment isn't in the books, right?
4387	teemo	2013-04-17	TV doesn't work as a POV medium the way books do.I actually liked the sex scene between Theon and that ship girl.  Theon was objectifying her, but the viewer was also able to get a small glimpse of her personality and desires.  She was being treated as an object by Theon but not the show.This is in direct contrast to a lot of these brothel scenes where the women are objectified by characters and the show.This is very true...there's a huge difference between characters or "the times" objectifying women vs. the show doing it.
4388	Ran	2013-04-17	At least this kind of male fantasy fulfilment isn't in the books, right?I have no idea as to the applicability. Jon didn't invent anything, he just did something Ygritte had never heard of or experienced before?I mean, you only have to look at the Kinsey studies to know that it wasn't that long ago that a significant number of men and women in the US had no idea about cunnilingus either. Can't see why it would absolutely be the case that the wildlings would be much more knowledgable about such things.Or is the male wish fulfillment the idea that a young man and a young woman have sex a lot? Or that Ygritte asserts herself and pursues Jon rather than Jon pursuing her? I don't get it. All of these things have real-world analogs (yes, horny teens do sometimes have lots of sex; yes, sometimes it's the woman who's chasing the guy). I can't imagine there was ever or would ever be a time in the history of the world that not one, not two, but three prostitutes were so impressed with a virgin's performance in bed that they refused to take his money.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 17 April 2013 - 04:58 AM.
4389	greensleeves	2013-04-17	Heh. I didn't think of it before but it is a little odd as a joke when you remember the fact that Littlefinger threatened to sell Ros to a man who mutilates women last season just because she was crying too much. You have to wonder how he'd react to his employees turning down money.Oh, well. It's not really one of those jokes you're supposed to look all that deeply into.This is a really good point.  I wonder how much of that money was Littlefinger's?
4390	Craven Mummer	2013-04-15	When Dany basically said don't let anyone outside the family know what you're thinking ever again to Mormont and Selmy, I was waiting for Fat Clemenza to  come out and slit somebody's throat. Anybody else catch that?
(null)
4391	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	Yeah that's what i immediately thought of lol
She also made Krazyns a offer he couldn't refuse
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 15 April 2013 - 01:01 AM.
4392	Craven Mummer	2013-04-15	Yes she did. Good one.
4393	Newstar	2013-04-15	I was thinking of it in terms of the military: don't question your superior's orders in front of other people. But yeah, it could have been a Godfather reference.
4394	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	So far in two episodes this season I like her more than all of last season. I think she will play the "conqueror" role very well.
Can't wait for next week to see DRACARYS
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 15 April 2013 - 02:14 AM.
4395	Joey Beers	2013-04-15	So that'll make Mormont Fredo?
4396	Volantis	2013-04-15	Remember Robb Stark had a similar moment with Catelyn in season 1
4397	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-15	So that'll make Mormont Fredo?Well, it is a kiss that spells the end for him too.
4398	Bayard	2013-04-15	Remember Robb Stark had a similar moment with Catelyn in season 1Yeah, that look was a powerful scene, it made him look kingly, more than any scenes in S2 or S3
4399	Rockroi	2013-04-15	So that'll make Mormont Fredo?Technically, it makes him Sonny, which sort of fits, but that would make Selmy Michael, which does not.  The reality is that for that scene to work , Dany has to be agitated with both men because both men were giving her advice the whole while.  In the books, its a different scene; in fact when Selmy meets the men he's basically mute.  I thought that all worked out extremely well.And just to point out I have seen that "Godfather" scene many times in many many different movies.  Its such a good call-point.  It says so much in not so many words.
4400	Nictarion	2013-04-15	Yeah that's what i immediately thought of lolShe also made Krazyns a offer he couldn't refuseNice work.
4401	wolverine	2013-04-15	So far in two episodes this season I like her more than all of last season. I think she will play the "conqueror" role very well.Can't wait for next week to see DRACARYSYeah, she was still growing into her role as a leader last season.  I have seen a few Dany lovers say she does not have the chops to play Dany but I think she has been great so far.
4402	JMJ	2013-04-15	The horse heads left in a pattern by the Others also made me think of The Godfather...
4403	Craven Mummer	2013-04-15	Viserys represents both Sonny and Fredo. Hot headed and cowardly is a bad combo. Mormont and Selmy are both trying to be Tom Hagen. Dany's and Michael's arc have similarities, can't wait to watch it unfold.
(null)
4404	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	I think it's more of an arc rather than a single moment.After all, in the next episode she is probably going to the mattresses.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
4405	David Selig	2013-04-15	Wow, I knew this scene reminded me of something and it bugged me ever since I saw it, thanks for pointing it out.
4406	JMJ	2013-04-15	Man, the Godfather parallels can go on and on:
- Dany to Jorah: I know it was you. You broke my heart.
- Drogon is Dany's gun hidden above the toilet when she offs Kraznys (Solozzo)
- The WotFK - the Five Families Michael takes care of at the end of Godfather I.
4407	Greywolf2375	2013-04-15	Yep, not sure if it was an intentional one, but it was a good reference.
what I didn't like was that it put both Jorah and Barristan in the same place - being reprimanded for the same thing.  that was a perfect opportunity to show even more how Jorah distrusts Selmy instead of them having a -just-reprimanded-schoolboys moment with each other.
4408	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	So far in two episodes this season I like her more than all of last season. I think she will play the "conqueror" role very well.Can't wait for next week to see DRACARYSDitto.  I've never been that much of a Dany fan, except for in Season 1/book 1 where she adapted so well as Drogo's wife, but I thought she played the scenes last night perfectly.  That expression on her face said so much - that she was in complete control, that she knew what she wanted/what she was willing to do and what not/that she already had a genius strategic plan worked out and that she was not intimidated by Krazyns.\Remember Robb Stark had a similar moment with Catelyn in season 1Good catch.  I'd forgotten all about that.  And both Dany and Robb are so very young, it would be so easy for them to be intimidated/controlled by or dependent on others.
4409	King Tyrion I	2013-04-15	I was thinking of it in terms of the military: don't question your superior's orders in front of other people. But yeah, it could have been a Godfather reference.For me, it wasn't a "Godfather" reference.It was the military way: you don't question your superior's orders in front of other people - and in case of Dany - show the world a united front. Show the people you are dealing with that you have strong support and back up in case something goes very wrong.
4410	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-15	I loved Dany channeling Don Corleone.
4411	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	When Dany basically said don't let anyone outside the family know what you're thinking ever again to Mormont and Selmy, I was waiting for Fat Clemenza to  come out and slit somebody's throat. Anybody else catch that?(null)Yep. That is one thing I learned. Also, if you doubt who's speaking, don't let it be known then, let it be known afterwards in confidence. They both underminded Queen Dany and made her seem weak.She is a child, but she's learning. She's a different person after Qarth and her first victory at The House of The Undying.
4412	Red Knight	2013-04-15	nice catch /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4413	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I loved this! Emilia is really doing a great job, I hope the monumental amount of her ''haters'' notice how great she's shaping up this season too.
4414	Reposado	2013-04-15	For me, it wasn't a "Godfather" reference.but if you consider the others having their own godfather moment in the same episode.so the others are vito, and dany is michael. jorah is fredo. mormont is the movie producer. any others?
4415	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I loved this! Emilia is really doing a great job, I hope the monumental amount of her ''haters'' notice how great she's shaping up this season too.While I wouldn't necessarily call myself a Dany 'hater' I did dislike her latest POV's in ADWD, and am hoping for better in the future.That said, Emilia really did wonderfully, and Dany is shining in this episode.
4416	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	I meant those who hate Emilia's portrayal of Dany /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4417	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I meant those who hate Emilia's portrayal of Dany /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Her S2 arc was problematic. Meeting the Unsullied this season was always the opportunity to show strength. Pretty safe that Emilia is going to give it her best shot as long as they let her have a good script.
4418	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Her S2 arc was problematic. Meeting the Unsullied this season was always the opportunity to show strength. Pretty safe that Emilia is going to give it her best shot as long as they let her have a good script.Definitely. Looking forward to seeing it.
4419	Clariana	2013-04-15	But you see Jorah and Selmy both reacting in horror at her offer of a dragon made it seem more genuine.
And her reprimanding them on her way out within earshot of the slaver's minions would make it seem even more credible.
She's playing the role of a stupid wilful little princess ignoring the wise counsel of her elders.  Kraznys would buy into that, in fact it matches perfectly the way he describes her.
4420	Dove	2013-04-15	Emilia really isn't that bad, I think a lot of people confuse the material she's given to work with with her actual acting. Her voice gets a little cracky and screechy when she tried to be authorative but otherwise I like her a lot. She's made me care for post-AGoT Dany more than I did before, anyway. I don't think anyone could've made her S2 arc bearable.Her and Missandei's little moment where she realizes Dany knew what they were saying the whole time was cute, understated and well-done. And Jorah and Barristan's dick-waving contest is hilarious. Her stuff this season is going to be great.
4421	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Definitely. Looking forward to seeing it.Full disclosure: I am an Emilia fan, but I am not a Daenaerys fan. I loved the story in AGoT. I love the Unsullied sequences. All the Red Waste/Qarth stuff left me cold and now its "BRB, going to sit in a pyramid for the next 3 seasons."
4422	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	Yeah - I thought that, too.
Dany wasn't channeling Don Vito Corleone, since Vito wasn't the one who had that moment; she was channeling Michael Corleone, who reprimanded dumb Fredo for publicly taking Moe Green's side.
"Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever."
4423	Knight Moves	2013-04-16	I don't think we'll see DRACARYS until episode 5 "Kissed by Fire". I know it probably has more to do with ygritte or mel but it could be a double meaning? Just a hunch...
4424	Martin Rheaume	2013-04-16	It was definitely an homage to The Godfather. That's one of the most famous lines from the movie, and it was almost an exact quote. Anyone who thinks that it wasn't is a retard. If someone is producing/directing/writing GoT, and they put a line like that in the show, it's not a coincidence. The Godfather is the movie of the 20th Century, and Sony betraying the interest of his father in front of the Turk was pretty much the most important scene in the movie, because that's what sets off the whole chain of events. It's simply impossible to write a line like that and not be referencing The Godfather. Now, if the whole Danny story line in this episode is a Godfather allegory, that's debatable. But whether or not that line was a direct reference to The Godfather is not debatable. It's a fact.
4425	Craven Mummer	2013-04-16	Actually it was Vito lecturing Sonny after a conversation with Sollozzo.  "What's the matter with you? I think your brain is going soft with all that comedy you are playing with that young girl. Never tell anyone outside the family what you are thinking again." I think Michael learned from this but the reference is Vito's.
4426	Craven Mummer	2013-04-16	Later on this season Dany will tell Daario to never ask her about her business
(null)
4427	Sun	2013-04-16	Haha yes. I immediately thought: what is it with guys and the Godfather?! lol
4428	Prince of the North	2013-04-16	But you see Jorah and Selmy both reacting in horror at her offer of a dragon made it seem more genuine.And her reprimanding them on her way out within earshot of the slaver's minions would make it seem even more credible.She's playing the role of a stupid wilful little princess ignoring the wise counsel of her elders.  Kraznys would buy into that, in fact it matches perfectly the way he describes her.This is basically what I was going to post but you beat me to it!  I really like that Dany reprimanded Mormont and Selmy and reminded them who's boss in no uncertain terms but, in this one instance, it actually works to her advantage because it helps in the ruse she is playing with Kraznys.  She needs him to continue thinking she's just a little girl in way over her head for just a little while longer (although he's so dense that probably nothing would change his outlook) /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
4429	Reposado	2013-04-16	its certainly reminiscent of both the vito and michael scenes, but the michael scene is definitely more iconic, and the one they were referencing here.
4430	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	Haha yes. I immediately thought: what is it with guys and the Godfather?! lolLOL! Me too!I also really do like Who's Got Mail? LOL  Maybe we can work up some sort of Pride and Prejudice inference.
4431	Sun	2013-04-16	LOL! Me too!I also really do like Who's Got Mail? LOL  Maybe we can work up some sort of Pride and Prejudice inference.Hahaha If any of the writers are Austen fans, Pride and Prejudice would fit Tyrion like a glove:Tyrion: It is a truth universally acknowledged that a Lannister always pays his debts. Tyrion: My courage always rises with every attempt to intimidate me. Tyrion; It's been many years since I've had such an exemplary vegetable. (Tyrion at Illyrio's table in season 5)
4432	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	@Sun - Love it!   /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4433	Reposado	2013-04-16	well it explains why he cant have his relationship out in the open. shae is too proud and tyrion is too prejudiced. or was it shae was too prejudiced and mr lannister was too proud? i can never remember.
and of course, the antagonism between melisandre and davos is revealed: she could never be with anyone who owned a boat
and why littlefinger is helping sansa: its because her mother was so enchanting
but what i don't get, is how cat can forgive ned for fathering a bastard, but can't forgive jaime for the tiny little thing of throwing her son out a window
					
					
							Edited by Reposado, 16 April 2013 - 11:04 AM.
4434	tjmarsh	2013-04-16	I would say it was meant to look like that. On Comcast the shows description isS3 | Ep3	Walk of PunishmentAirdate: 04/14/13Daenerys meets with Kraznys to make a deal for an army, and tempts the slaver with an offer he may not be able to refuse. Meanwhile, Tyrion is given new responsibilities to which he is decidedly unsuited; the Night's Watch Rangers retreat...Parental Guide 
4435	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	well it explains why he cant have his relationship out in the open. shae is too proud and tyrion is too prejudiced. or was it shae was too prejudiced and mr lannister was too proud? i can never remember.and of course, the antagonism between melisandre and davos is revealed: she could never be with anyone who owned a boatand why littlefinger is helping sansa: its because her mother was so enchantingbut what i don't get, is how cat can forgive ned for fathering a bastard, but can't forgive jaime for the tiny little thing of throwing her son out a windowThis is when we need Like! Thread win of the day!!!
4436	Honey Badger	2013-04-16	I didn't catch Godfather since so many other stories and films have done scenes where the minions undermine the leader in front of others.  Saw it merely as the two men knowing what's best for their girl, and she bristles at the idea that she needs teaching right in front of the slavers she needs to deal with.  While it's crazy to give away dragons, it was bad form to question her.  If you notice, she patiently learns from all sorts when it's private.  
I personally never liked Dany's arc where she constantly whines about fire and blood while being poor; just feels like screeching.  And it always felt cheesy that Martin pulled a silly trick to get Dany to rob Astapor of its Unsullied.  They might as well have Dany play freeze tag and claim "no backsies, nuh uh, that's lava you can't cross."  Don't forget the monumental stupidity of having a slave warrior training facility with no basic provision in the contract concerning rebellion.  You can buy our slaves, but you agree they can never be used to undermine Astapor's interests, and they're sworn never to invade Astapor itself.  Simple. 
I agree with the sentiment that Emilia is doing a good job, she's being given bad material, be it from the books or the script.  There's a reason Essos is the least loved when it comes to criticism of ASOIAF.
					
					
							Edited by Honey Badger, 16 April 2013 - 11:40 AM.
4437	JMJ	2013-04-16	I personally never liked Dany's arc where she constantly whines about fire and blood while being poor; just feels like screeching.  And it always felt cheesy that Martin pulled a silly trick to get Dany to rob Astapor of its Unsullied.  They might as well have Dany play freeze tag and claim "no backsies, nuh uh, that's lava you can't cross."I disagree on the interpretation. I always saw this as one of Dany's big Machievellian/ruthless moments. She decides it is worth killing this jerk Kraznys, even though he technically did no wrong, because that would allow her to get her Unsullied and keep her dragons. I sorta liked how that made her change her outlook. She started down the path to ruthlessness, basically. This is in some ways why her lolling about in ADWD was so frustrating to me. She just backtracked and became all indecisive again after this badass moment.
4438	Volantis	2013-04-17	Her S2 arc was problematic.Thats an understatement
4439	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-15	So i see over and over people are upset with the way Mance is being portrayed. From what i gather people dont like that hes so stern and serious. Yes i understand he is not the colorful bard from the books but im just not sure it fits the theme North of the wall on the show.  
The show has build Mance is the hardened battle commander and i think that is the right theme. North of the Wall is so dire and there is the under layer of fear and cold and all the scenes are portrayed as such. The Jovial Bard side of Mance i think would be off putting to the dire and serious North.
But it is still early. overall i think the show is just matching Mance to the North theme.
4440	Toxspecific	2013-04-15	He didn't seem stern and serious to me.
4441	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-15	I think he should be much more handsome and charming in the show. The actor portraying him is great, but it's not the correct type of portrayal, IMO. In the books, Mance is a lover AND a fighter and that's how he wins over the wildlings and makes them into more or less cohesive group.
I'm sure this has been expressed elsewhere, but are we going to see Dalla?
4442	WhiteGuts	2013-04-15	They should've switched the portrayals of Tjroso and Mance in the show.
4443	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	So i see over and over people are upset with the way Mance is being portrayed. From what i gather people dont like that hes so stern and serious. Yes i understand he is not the colorful bard from the books but im just not sure it fits the theme North of the wall on the show.  The show has build Mance is the hardened battle commander and i think that is the right theme. North of the Wall is so dire and there is the under layer of fear and cold and all the scenes are portrayed as such. The Jovial Bard side of Mance i think would be off putting to the dire and serious North.But it is still early. overall i think the show is just matching Mance to the North theme.Its not just his demeanor.its all of the colorful backstory we're missing.
4444	Young Nan	2013-04-15	I hate show mance, as well as show Tormund, for many reasons.  With Mance, I was looking forward to see this unassuming yet charismatic person who had both a sense of humour as well as commanded respect.  They obviously cast Ciaran Hinds just because he starred in Rome, and HBO takes care of their people, other than that, I see no reason he should play Mance.  I can usually overlook it when a character doesn't fit the physical description (such as Tyrion, Syrio Forel, etc) but I want the flavor of the character from the books to come through.  Show Mance is very dry and doesn't seem to have any charisma at all. 
Also, with Tormund, he was supposed to be really amiable and loud.  Show Tormund is pretty much a clone of show Mance.  It seems like they are having a contest with each other over who can stare at Jon more intensely.
4445	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-15	Don't get me wrong though i love the book Mance hes just a secondary if not tertiary character on the show i dont think they have the time to build him the way we know him so they kept it simple and matched him to a theme. Hinds is great for the roll hes playing.
4446	Ser Farbod	2013-04-15	Because we have several stern, intelligent battle hardened leaders already on the show.
Stannis
Blackfish
Tywin
Jeor Mormont
Even Jorah and Barristan to a certain degree.
Mance was different.  He was free.  He symbolized the true nature of wildling way.  He wasnt just another battle general.  I agree that Thoros of Myr has basically become book Mance.
4447	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I did initially have problems with the actor chosen to play Mance, but I've gotten used to him now and kind of like him.  But I don't have the problem you mentioned with how Mance is portrayed.  I see his use of humor (just last night, the if Jon doesn't help Tormund in preparing to climb the wall, then "Throw him off a cliff").  Although I'm sure there was a serious underpinning to that comment, as I think he's still not completely "sold" on Jon, I think it was meant in am off-hand/dry humor way.
4448	Bluemangosteen	2013-04-15	I was really looking forward to Ciaran Hinds as Mance, but like others I am sorely disappointed in Mance and Torben - har.  I feel that Mance is indistinguishable from Qhorin. The North has become such a letdown.
4449	Gannicus	2013-04-15	He's missing some charisma and cool that I had envisioned but he's not so bad.
4450	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-15	For me, it's not just Mance that bothers me, but the way that the Wildlings are being portrayed. I thought that one of the most important aspects of Jon infiltrating the Wildlings is that we got to see their humanity, their humor and that these are really just regular people with families that have a different philosophy on ruling themselves.  I enjoy the Wildlings, as a group, in the books because of those qualities and right now the show is not showcasing it at all.  Everything is really grim and bleak and grey and hard.
I was more looking forward to Tormund than Mance and I'm still waiting patiently to see more of his personality shine through.
4451	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	@ Bluemangosteen, #10 above.
What I really, really agree with is that the North has been a huge disappointment, in this season and in last, actually.  The opening part of (episode 1?) that showed Sam being attacked by a wight was such a cheat, I thought.  As has been all the rest above the Wall.
4452	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Everything north of the Wall needs to go.With Sam's story, nothing feels that dire.  They are just strolling around.  In the book, I felt like I might be attacked by a wight any second.  It was harrowing.  I get absolutely none of that feeling onscreen.With regards to Mance, every past story of a king beyond the wall is so over the top awesome, and so was Mance.  They are all larger than life to me.  Mance in this show is just another guy like Randall Tarly or something.  His scenes have been short, without any real color and he has zero charisma.  Don't even get me started on Ghost and Jon Snow.I did initially have problems with the actor chosen to play Mance, but I've gotten used to him now and kind of like him.  But I don't have the problem you mentioned with how Mance is portrayed.  I see his use of humor (just last night, the if Jon doesn't help Tormund in preparing to climb the wall, then "Throw him off a cliff").  Although I'm sure there was a serious underpinning to that comment, as I think he's still not completely "sold" on Jon, I think it was meant in am off-hand/dry humor way.That comment was a direct threat.  I don't think it was meant to be funny at all.And whoever said that Tormund and Mance are having a contest to see who can stare the hardest at Jon is hilarious!!!
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 15 April 2013 - 11:56 AM.
4453	Bluemangosteen	2013-04-15	@ Bluemangosteen, #10 above.What I really, really agree with is that the North has been a huge disappointment, in this season and in last, actually.  The opening part of (episode 1?) that showed Sam being attacked by a wight was such a cheat, I thought.  As has been all the rest above the Wall.I agree, when reading any north chapter, i love the anticipation etc.  Now I just want the beyond the wall scenes to be done with.  In the heresy threads there has been talk about the dumbing down in the tv show, but that combined with nothing scenes and lack of charisma is just too much.  I do still have hope though...
4454	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	I wouldn't mind a little more charisma. He should be a Tywin of the north. So far he is closer to the Hound.
4455	Winterfellian	2013-04-15	Jon's storyline completely sucks so I supposed Mance's portrayal fits right in.
Anyway, I love, love book Mance but show Mance doesn't do it for me at all. I don't care if the actor/actress looks exactly like the book counterpart, but Mance's problem is beyond that. The characterization is all wrong. He has been stripped of everything that made him that amazing character in the books- his love of life and freedom, his taste for music and women, his charisma to win others with a song etc and turn him into a Tywin/Jeor Mormont/Umber copy.
4456	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Mance was different.  He was free.  He symbolized the true nature of wildling way.  He wasnt just another battle general.For me, it's not just Mance that bothers me, but the way that the Wildlings are being portrayed. I thought that one of the most important aspects of Jon infiltrating the Wildlings is that we got to see their humanity, their humor and that these are really just regular people with families that have a different philosophy on ruling themselves.  I enjoy the Wildlings, as a group, in the books because of those qualities and right now the show is not showcasing it at all.  Everything is really grim and bleak and grey and hard.These two quotes sum up the problem perfectly. Jon is supposed to be learning about what their freedom means. Things are still supposed to be grim, but the point is to show him that they still have the joy of free human spirit. When he finally succumbs to Ygritte the viewer/reader is supposed to be convinced that he really truly has turned to the side that fights for the living.And I really wanted to hear "The Dornishman's Wife"
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 12:39 PM.
4457	cybobbie	2013-04-15	For me, it's not just Mance that bothers me, but the way that the Wildlings are being portrayed. I thought that one of the most important aspects of Jon infiltrating the Wildlings is that we got to see their humanity, their humor and that these are really just regular people with families that have a different philosophy on ruling themselves.  I enjoy the Wildlings, as a group, in the books because of those qualities and right now the show is not showcasing it at all.  Everything is really grim and bleak and grey and hard.I second that regarding the wildlings. In the first episode, with the giant and kids running about I thought that we would have more of the freedom feeling on other scenes, but after the first episode things got really grim. However we only had 3 episodes so I hope they can at least change the tone a bit. As for Mance, well I'm ok with the show Mance now, I mean after realizing that he is really different from the Book Mance (on the first episode), I'm fine with this more serious version of him. Well I'm probably ok with the change because I really love Hinds as an actor and I'm happy to see him there.
4458	Nezzer	2013-04-15	I like show!Mance. The only thing that bothers me is that they are giving so little screen time to Mance. He has appeared for like 10 minutes in all three episodes combined, and it looks like we won't be seeing him until episode 10 now.
4459	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	These two quotes sum up the problem perfectly. Jon is supposed to be learning about what their freedom means. Things are still supposed to be grim, but the point is to show him that they still have the joy of free human spirit. When he finally succumbs to Ygritte the viewer/reader is supposed to be convinced that he really truly has turned to the side that fights for the living.And I really wanted to hear "The Dornishman's Wife"Since we cant't like anymore, you get a well said!
4460	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	He's a lot different from Book Mance, But last nights episode i actually really enjoyed his scene.
4461	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	Come on, don't be stupid. Mance could be stern & serious if he wanted. How else do you think he made himself King Beyond the Wall?
4462	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	For me, it's not just Mance that bothers me, but the way that the Wildlings are being portrayed. I thought that one of the most important aspects of Jon infiltrating the Wildlings is that we got to see their humanity, their humor and that these are really just regular people with families that have a different philosophy on ruling themselves. They might be saving that for Dance with Dragons.Remember, they'll need to spend two seasons minimum on DwD + FfC. One season will take you till wildlings stream through gate. Then they'll need to develop wildling culture, and it's good to have a whole season dedicated to that.
4463	TheDarkOne	2013-04-15	Only Renly was possibly cast worse. The guy playing him from Rome is so far off base I don't even know what to say. It's just unbelievable, as others have pointed out he is no different than a handful of other generic representation of his character type on this show, not in the books of course.
4464	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	I'm sure this has been expressed elsewhere, but are we going to see Dalla?Nope. Not this season anyway.
4465	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-15	........And I really wanted to hear "The Dornishman's Wife"I was hoping to hear "The Last of the Giants".But since the first scene, when Jon is taken to Mance, where we actually get to see something resembling a free folk camp, everything else is a major letdown. One single scene of a camp, and for the rest we have 5-10 people moving around the snow. I was so disappointed by the entire Northern Arc, I don't even have words to describe it. I was expecting so much more from the free folk customs and way of life, Jon and Ghost, the Fist, Mance, Thormund Giantsbabe, Sam, all of it.I can't believe I'm saying this, but I even miss Varamyr.So for me, Mance isn't the only thing coming up short of expectations in the North.
4466	Janicia	2013-04-15	I think Dalla's absence is a big part of the problem.  Mance should be serious when he's leading his troops and looking at the work of the Others.  The woman-loving, relaxed Mance isn't going to come across without a woman, and without seeing more of him during his downtime.  Since Thoros is singing all the time, Mance can't do that, but he could hang out in the corner playing the guitar while Tormund drinks.  Not sure that's really worth the screen time.  
On the other hand, Mance presenting a stern face to Jon at this point is logical.  In the book, it seemed like Mance exposed himself to Jon more, and trusted Jon more, than he should have.
4467	Rapsie	2013-04-15	Honda wouldn't have been my first choice for Mance, but it's not too bad and the problem maybe just the lack of screen time. The change in Tormund is more upsetting, as some levity might have been nice in someone apart from Bronn. 
I haven't seen episode 3 yet, but do we really need another added Bronn / Tyrion scene? Good as they are, other characters are being left out and not developed.
Edit: for Honda reads Hinds....damn autocorrect.
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 15 April 2013 - 01:20 PM.
4468	Dysun	2013-04-15	The Wildlings have had 10 minutes through 3 episodes, I can't really complain about his portrayal. I haven't seen enough of it
4469	Sun	2013-04-15	Show Mance just doesn't have the charisma and the energy of book Mance. That's what you get when you hire CiarA!n Hinds for the part. You get an older, graver, all together heavier, and more dramatic Mance. I prefer book Rayder, but then again, I knew I wasn't getting him as soon as I heard the news of the casting, so I'm over it.
4470	Tyrion4President	2013-04-15	So i see over and over people are upset with the way Mance is being portrayed. From what i gather people dont like that hes so stern and serious. Yes i understand he is not the colorful bard from the books but im just not sure it fits the theme North of the wall on the show.  The show has build Mance is the hardened battle commander and i think that is the right theme. North of the Wall is so dire and there is the under layer of fear and cold and all the scenes are portrayed as such. The Jovial Bard side of Mance i think would be off putting to the dire and serious North.But it is still early. overall i think the show is just matching Mance to the North theme.i disagree, mance was a crow originally from south of the wall. He would not have the same serious tendencies as the rest of the northerners.
4471	-Ghost-	2013-04-15	They made Mance and Tormund and the rest of the Wildlings just too serious. Its like they took Mances reason for becoming king, "if you dont follow me youre all gonna die" or whatever it was and made them all only about that. Yes, there were serious moments in the books with them and the threat of death was always with them but they still had fun and were full of life and emotions.
I cant picture them singing Last of the Giants or Tormund threatening to kill Rattleshirt for Jon or bragging about himself and his kids. 
Mance is only in 3 episodes this season so thats the last we'll see of him for a while, I think. I dont expect we will be hearing any singing or any of his great stories.
4472	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-15	I'm also waiting for Tormund to say "Har!"
4473	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	The guy playing him from Rome is so far off base I don't even know what to say. It's just unbelievable, as others have pointed out he is no different than a handful of other generic representation of his character type on this show, not in the books of course.That isn't the fault of the actor. He is only following the script and direction he is given. Hinds was probably never going to be able to pull off quite the joviality of book Mance, but they were never going to have the time nor the need to show the complete depth of character to those levels. He is certainly capable of showing some of the jovial nature with the ability to show the strength of a leader who could and would kill on a whim if required. But he cannot do those things if they aren't in the script or direction.The fault is not with Hinds.
4474	tito5601	2013-04-15	dont hate him just dont like him as much as in the books but i sure love tormunddd ahah
4475	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Everything north of the Wall needs to go.With Sam's story, nothing feels that dire.  They are just strolling around.  In the book, I felt like I might be attacked by a wight any second.  It was harrowing.  I get absolutely none of that feeling onscreen.With regards to Mance, every past story of a king beyond the wall is so over the top awesome, and so was Mance.  They are all larger than life to me.  Mance in this show is just another guy like Randall Tarly or something.  His scenes have been short, without any real color and he has zero charisma.  Don't even get me started on Ghost and Jon Snow.That comment was a direct threat.  I don't think it was meant to be funny at all.And whoever said that Tormund and Mance are having a contest to see who can stare the hardest at Jon is hilarious!!!Why thank you!I agree with you too about everything north of the wall.  Not only is Sam's story boring and unsuspenseful, but in the books he is very smart and competant despite his cowardice, and they are making show Sam out to be a useless, incompetant fatass. All of Mance's scenes to me have been totally meh.  I feel like there is no emotion, not with him or Tormund.  The only wildling that seems to be free and feisty is Ygritte.  She seems to be the only person beyond the wall with any personality at all.  Seriously, these people are making Jon Snow seem like a lively guy.
4476	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Why thank you!I agree with you too about everything north of the wall.  Not only is Sam's story boring and unsuspenseful, but in the books he is very smart and competant despite his cowardice, and they are making show Sam out to be a useless, incompetant fatass.All of Mance's scenes to me have been totally meh.  I feel like there is no emotion, not with him or Tormund.  The only wildling that seems to be free and feisty is Ygritte.  She seems to be the only person beyond the wall with any personality at all.  Seriously, these people are making Jon Snow seem like a lively guy.Yeah, I thought Ygritte was really well cast though I know not everyone likes her, but she's feisty and free spirited...that seems the right tone to me.  Mance in the show is more dour and less animated than Tywin Lannister.  I just don't see this quiet guy who projects zero charisma as being realistically someone who was going to get elected king beyond the wall.  Same thing with Tormond, he was a hilariously jolly [but not stupid like Belwas] character in the book, and here, he's just another guy wearing animal skins, you'd never even be able to differentiate him except he's got red hair.  Lame.
4477	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Why thank you!I agree with you too about everything north of the wall.  Not only is Sam's story boring and unsuspenseful, but in the books he is very smart and competant despite his cowardice, and they are making show Sam out to be a useless, incompetant fatass.All of Mance's scenes to me have been totally meh.  I feel like there is no emotion, not with him or Tormund.  The only wildling that seems to be free and feisty is Ygritte.  She seems to be the only person beyond the wall with any personality at all.  Seriously, these people are making Jon Snow seem like a lively guy.None, its such a waste of opportunity.  It's not a budget constraint as most show defenders are quick to use, and it's not advancing the stories- AT ALL.  There literally is no change except to change the dialogue and attitude of scenes.  Have the goddam NW members at least look scared and exhausted when they show up to Crasters.  Have them explain that wights have been picking off straggers with a scary story or something.  I'm literally able to take everything else so far.  As I mentioned before, when they cross the wall, there are enough opportunities for these guys to actually do something with this story line besides murder it.  I fear that there's going to be nothing scary or exciting at all about the scene in the tower on the island though.
4478	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Yeah, I thought Ygritte was really well cast though I know not everyone likes her, but she's feisty and free spirited...that seems the right tone to me.  Mance in the show is more dour and less animated than Tywin Lannister.  I just don't see this quiet guy who projects zero charisma as being realistically someone who was going to get elected king beyond the wall.  Same thing with Tormond, he was a hilariously jolly [but not stupid like Belwas] character in the book, and here, he's just another guy wearing animal skins, you'd never even be able to differentiate him except he's got red hair.  Lame.Exactly- when Tywin Lannister has more facial expressions than a character who was supposed to be lively and passionate...its just a bad portrayal of the character.  People complaint about Ygritte saying she's too pretty, or she doesn't say "you know nothing, Jon Snow" the way they imagined, but to me, those things don't matter.  I am by no means a purist.   I love Tyrion in the show, and I loved Syrio Forel- both people look differently than they did in the book, but I feel that the actors were spot-on with the feeling of the character.  I feel the same way about Ygritte- she seems like she's having a fantastic time messing around with Jon Snow for taking himself so seriously, just as she did in the books. None, its such a waste of opportunity.  It's not a budget constraint as most show defenders are quick to use, and it's not advancing the stories- AT ALL.  There literally is no change except to change the dialogue and attitude of scenes.  Have the goddam NW members at least look scared and exhausted when they show up to Crasters.  Have them explain that wights have been picking off straggers with a scary story or something.  I'm literally able to take everything else so far.  As I mentioned before, when they cross the wall, there are enough opportunities for these guys to actually do something with this story line besides murder it.  I fear that there's going to be nothing scary or exciting at all about the scene in the tower on the island though.Yes, show defenders are so quick to blame everything on "budget" or time constraints.  As to "budget"-these scenes could have been better written or acted, it didn't require more money to make the wildlings seem to be a boisterous and lively people.  And "time constraints" ? maybe a little less of Ros, or less threesomes involving minor characters like Podrick Payne.  Yeah, boobies are cool and stuff, but not when they take away from the story.
4479	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Again I agree, the budget for Jon's story would  have been better spent on writing to bring out the characters than on going to iceland.  Who cares if they are in iceland if all they do is trudge around for a few minutes every week and nobody gets enough screen time for a non reader to know anything or care.  They already butchered the Halfhand's story last season by not spending enough time on it.  And the same thing is happening now with Mance, no wife, no cloak with red thread in it, and no personality.
4480	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	It's not hard to find boobies anywhere if you want to look at them, I WANT MY DAMN ASOIAF STORY DONE RIGHT!!!
4481	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	It's not hard to find boobies anywhere if you want to look at them, I WANT MY DAMN ASOIAF STORY DONE RIGHT!!!Someone needs to start a 'Donate towards Game of Thrones on the condition it stops using boob time in place of actual story time.'Seems like a worthy cause.
4482	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Someone needs to start a 'Donate towards Game of Thrones on the condition it stops using boob time in place of actual story time.'Seems like a worthy cause.They could flash a few website names at the beginnig of the show?  Direct viewers to how to find a recent Sexo Urbano episode On Demand?  OR they could replace the 2 minute map/somg/buildup thing with a picture or Ros' boobs or a medley of random boobs for 60 seconds and give us an extra damn minute of actual worthwhile showtime
4483	TheDarkOne	2013-04-15	That isn't the fault of the actor. He is only following the script and direction he is given. Hinds was probably never going to be able to pull off quite the joviality of book Mance, but they were never going to have the time nor the need to show the complete depth of character to those levels. He is certainly capable of showing some of the jovial nature with the ability to show the strength of a leader who could and would kill on a whim if required. But he cannot do those things if they aren't in the script or direction.The fault is not with Hinds.Mance in a single word...Charisma. Do you feel that from this performance?I don't think his lines are that bad, in fact I think the writing is rather good for his character. His performance however is way off, sorry.
					
					
							Edited by TheDarkOne, 15 April 2013 - 03:31 PM.
4484	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Mance in a single word...Charisma. Do you feel that from this performance?I don't think his lines are that bad, in fact I think the writing is rather good for his character. His performance however is way off, sorry.He is one actor who really needs to read the books to get a handle on his character, because whatever direction he's getting is not hitting it.
4485	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Someone needs to start a 'Donate towards Game of Thrones on the condition it stops using boob time in place of actual story time.'Seems like a worthy cause.I'd send a few bucks their way.I feel like HBO is catering to the "knights, boobs, cool!!" audience more than the book reading audience, which is a pity, because there are a large number of us.
4486	wandering	2013-04-15	I HATE EVERYTHING!!
4487	juanml82	2013-04-15	I don't think we'll see much more of Mance until season 4. Jon will go off with Tormund and Mance will appear again by the time the Wildlings attack the Wall.
No jovial, freedom lover, bard-king. Maybe they will develop Tormund's character in the coming episodes, but I dobut it.
4488	KnightsOfDany	2013-04-15	I do think that time is an issue we may get more from Tormund if Jon's story line get more attention who knows about Mance. Thats why i ask the question maybe we are judging to much on so little.
4489	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-15	Sometimes I think I'm the only person who watches this show who finds Jon's storyline a complete snooze fest. It is just not at all interesting to me, especially after having read the books. To me, the wildlings  could be walking in circles above the wall for all I care, because they don't seem to be going anywhere. It simply has for many episodes ceased to be interesting to me, and Mance Rayder's character has not helped either, especially considering the fact that his character fades into the background later on in the books. Just my opinion.
I know this is hard for a lot of people to agree with, but to me these scenes are a waste of the show's time to such a degree that I just think ugghh whenever I see that snow of the North,especially when much more compelling story arcs are going on right now with Dany, Marge, and Theon. To me this story does not pick up until Jon defends the wall and Stannis comes along.
					
					
							Edited by RememberTheNorth, 15 April 2013 - 04:08 PM.
4490	Crazeejezza	2013-04-15	They made Mance and Tormund and the rest of the Wildlings just too serious.I cant picture them singing Last of the Giants or Tormund threatening to kill Rattleshirt for Jon or bragging about himself and his kids.I think once Mance is out of the picture and Tormund and Jon spend more time together he'll loosen up and become a lot more friendly. In most circumstances a person will not instantly get along with someone who is their enemy. They probably don't have enough trust in Jon yet so they're bound to be serious around him to let him know who's got control.
					
					
							Edited by Crazeejezza, 15 April 2013 - 04:19 PM.
4491	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Sometimes I think I'm the only person who watches this show who finds Jon's storyline a complete snooze fest. It is just not at all interesting to me, especially after having read the books. To me, the wildlings  could be walking in circles above the wall for all I care, because they don't seem to be going anywhere. It simply has for many episodes ceased to be interesting to me, and Mance Rayder's character has not helped either, especially considering the fact that his character fades into the background later on in the books. Just my opinion.I know this is hard for a lot of people to agree with, but to me these scenes are a waste of the show's time to such a degree that I just think ugghh whenever I see that snow of the North,especially when much more compelling story arcs are going on right now with Dany, Marge, and Theon. To me this story does not pick up until Jon defends the wall and Stannis comes along.You are far far from the only person...
4492	Lord Godric	2013-04-15	Mance in a single word...Charisma. Do you feel that from this performance?I don't think his lines are that bad, in fact I think the writing is rather good for his character. His performance however is way off, sorry.I don't think it is fair to blame the actor's performance.  The character has been changed in the writing, they didn't write him as the happy bard but a more stern general.  I don't think there could be anyway for Hinds to play this character that is written from him like the Mance from the books.
4493	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I don't think it is fair to blame the actor's performance.  The character has been changed in the writing, they didn't write him as the happy bard but a more stern general.  I don't think there could be anyway for Hinds to play this character that is written from him like the Mance from the books.I'm not sure that is true, he hasn't had that many lines, but that shouldn't necessarily prevent him from exuding some kind of commanding presence.  I feel like their direction to him  has been "you're a guy who united the wildling clans to fight the others" and they left out "and left the night's watch over red silk thread" and "can easily masquerade as a bard" parts that are just as important.
4494	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	For me, it's not just Mance that bothers me, but the way that the Wildlings are being portrayed. I thought that one of the most important aspects of Jon infiltrating the Wildlings is that we got to see their humanity, their humor and that these are really just regular people with families that have a different philosophy on ruling themselves.  I enjoy the Wildlings, as a group, in the books because of those qualities and right now the show is not showcasing it at all.  Everything is really grim and bleak and grey and hard.I was more looking forward to Tormund than Mance and I'm still waiting patiently to see more of his personality shine through.Nailed it
4495	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Mance in a single word...Charisma. Do you feel that from this performance?I don't think his lines are that bad, in fact I think the writing is rather good for his character. His performance however is way off, sorry.He is one actor who really needs to read the books to get a handle on his character, because whatever direction he's getting is not hitting it.Reading the books would not help him a single jot. Book Mance is so different from whatever it is they are trying to show him as in the show he would be better served reading 'War and Peace'.I am not feeling charisma from Ygritte, Sam, Geor Mormont, the people in the Wildling Army or Jon Snow this series either. The entire storyline is being run far too grim and soulless. That isn't due to casting.
4496	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Reading the books would not help him a single jot. Book Mance is so different from whatever it is they are trying to show him as in the show he would be better served reading 'War and Peace'.I am not feeling charisma from Ygritte, Sam, Geor Mormont, the people in the Wildling Army or Jon Snow this series either. The entire storyline is being run far too grim and soulless. That isn't due to casting.It's weird that you bring up Mormont, because he was great I thought in the first season, but like everything else at the wall, he has become washed out. I do like Ygritte, she's the only person in that arc who has a personality.Sam isn't really supposed to have charisma, so the actor seems a fine representation of a fat coward, but even his character seems kind of dumbed down from previous episodes.Maybe they need to move shooting back to a less harsh location, perhaps its sucking the life out of the cast or something?I agree Tormond also lacks any charisma as do the rest of the wildlings, they're all dressed alike and just trudge around for a few minutes.  I  have to say, it  has popped into my head that given how poorly they're doing this story and little attention is being paid to it, maybe I've been wrong and maybe Jon Snow really is dead.
4497	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I do like Ygritte, she's the only person in that arc who has a personality.Maybe they need to move shooting back to a less harsh location, perhaps its sucking the life out of the cast or something?I  have to say, it  has popped into my head that given how poorly they're doing this story and little attention is being paid to it, maybe I've been wrong and maybe Jon Snow really is dead.Yeah Ygritte is just being Ygritte, but the whole set up for where that is going is just 'off'. The single line they gave her in Ep 2 was disappointing (not her fault) Jon submitting to Ygritte is supposed to be an indicator to the audience that he has accepted the life of the Free People and you just don't buy that.As for your other points, I really suspect that there is just too much focus being put on the end game of Robb's arc this season and the North and Stannis arcs are really floundering because of it.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 05:44 PM.
4498	stiff_pirates	2013-04-15	TV Mance has nowhere near the amount of charisma that he's described as having in the books.
4499	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-15	Not having Dalla around completely changes Mance as a character. The lack of singing is important (from that charisma standpoint), but I think the lack of a loving relationship that embues his whole being is an even greater loss.
4500	Bluemangosteen	2013-04-15	I don't think Dalla would have him!
4501	Lord Godric	2013-04-15	I'm not sure that is true, he hasn't had that many lines, but that shouldn't necessarily prevent him from exuding some kind of commanding presence.  I feel like their direction to him  has been "you're a guy who united the wildling clans to fight the others" and they left out "and left the night's watch over red silk thread" and "can easily masquerade as a bard" parts that are just as important.I think he does exude a commanding presence -- the one that is written for him.
4502	Dove	2013-04-15	Mance is pretty underwhelming so far, but he's also only had like five minutes of screen time this season too. (and possibly that's it?)
I feel like the way he and the wildlings in extension are being handled is a bit of a misstep so far, but the little glimpses at his dark sense of humor are promising enough.
4503	victim	2013-04-16	He's had three scenes, it's far too soon to judge.
4504	Xcorpyo001	2013-04-16	He's had three scenes, it's far too soon to judge.Maybe in his next scene we will be pleasantly surprised.Too bad that will be probably in episode 10 or in the next season.
4505	Young Nan	2013-04-16	I know he's had less screen time this season than Ros's boobs, but you have to remember, 3/10 episodes is nearly a third of the season.   So I think unless he really steps it up over the next few episodes, we can pretty well establish that his character has fallen flat.   They are making the wildlings boring and grim instead of wild.  they should call them the grim-lings.
4506	SilentSense	2013-04-16	Book.Mance is a unique character who is unlike any other leader of men (ie mormont, tywin, robb, etc) Show.Mance just another grim, stern guy living in the hard, unforgiving north. Really disappointed.
4507	Nictarion	2013-04-16	I don't think he's had enough screen time to really judge his performance.  What has he had about 2 minutes all season?
4508	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	I'm one of the readers that found the Wall and NW story to be completely boring UNTIL ASOS, which is what this season is to be based upon. I really hope they step it up for the rest of the season on the show b/c it has been a let down. I feel stupid for telling my family - wait until you meet Tormund or these other guys. I think they are doing a great job at adapting other parts of the story, but are really missing the mark on this part of it. I'm not sure why b/c I feel like the end game in the books will have a lot to do with what's happening in the North. I also think they are missing the boat on the development and growth of Jon Snow as a character. Jon finally became interesting to me in this part of the series and this was when he began to become one of my favorite characters. Right now, he's basically doing nothing.
If they fail on this part of the story this season, I hope they are reading and decide to refocus on this part of the story next season.  I know their big focus for this season is the RW, which I completely understand but I'd like to see a more well-rounded and focused story for the Wildlings and the NW.
4509	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	I'm one of the readers that found the Wall and NW story to be completely boring UNTIL ASOS, which is what this season is to be based upon. I really hope they step it up for the rest of the season on the show b/c it has been a let down. I feel stupid for telling my family - wait until you meet Tormund or these other guys. I think they are doing a great job at adapting other parts of the story, but are really missing the mark on this part of it. I'm not sure why b/c I feel like the end game in the books will have a lot to do with what's happening in the North. I also think they are missing the boat on the development and growth of Jon Snow as a character. Jon finally became interesting to me in this part of the series and this was when he began to become one of my favorite characters. Right now, he's basically doing nothing.If they fail on this part of the story this season, I hope they are reading and decide to refocus on this part of the story next season.  I know their big focus for this season is the RW, which I completely understand but I'd like to see a more well-rounded and focused story for the Wildlings and the NW.You thought Jon and Qhorin getting hunted was boring?  Stonesnake and Jon creeping up to kill the watchers?
4510	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-16	You thought Jon and Qhorin getting hunted was boring?  Stonesnake and Jon creeping up to kill the watchers?It didn't hold my interest as much. For me, I'm a reader that focuses on characters and I get more interested in the action once I'm interested in the characters. This part of the story is driven by Jon's point of view and I didn't find Jon all that interesting until Book 3. Going back and reading it after I know where he is headed makes it a little more interesting.  No, I wasn't into the Qhorin part of the story the way that I see a lot of the readers on here are.
4511	Sofokles	2013-04-16	I think they picked the wrong actor for this one. Mance isnt a fuckin ceasar he is more sneaky. I cant imagine this Mance Rayder going to Winterfell as bard in ADWD. If they wanted someone from Rome I think Marc Anthony would have been a way better choice.
4512	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	It didn't hold my interest as much. For me, I'm a reader that focuses on characters and I get more interested in the action once I'm interested in the characters. This part of the story is driven by Jon's point of view and I didn't find Jon all that interesting until Book 3. Going back and reading it after I know where he is headed makes it a little more interesting.  No, I wasn't into the Qhorin part of the story the way that I see a lot of the readers on here are.Qhorin was a great character IMO.  The best ranger and the bane of the wildlings, yet sympathetic and one of the very few to consider the wildlings people.  He understood warging, didn't judge, was a great leader and brave.
4513	shiola	2013-04-16	We miss his backstory and a lot of his personality.  The wildlings seem grim all the time.  The whole Northern storyline is really just depressing, what with all the greys, Mance's attitude, and Kit's face.  I dunno.  It's just not what I was expecting from Mance and I gave myself 3 episodes and I hate him more each time I see him.  I've never seen Ciaran Hinds in anything else but people kept saying he was a great actor and I'm just not impressed.  Also the way his mouth moves bothers me.
4514	TheDarkOne	2013-04-16	I don't think he's had enough screen time to really judge his performance.  What has he had about 2 minutes all season?Just out of curiosity, how much time does a character need? How many scenes for example?
4515	Jolene Brown	2013-04-16	Why get such a big actor for so little screentime?  It's sort of odd.  I don't get why this was the part they went with a known name for.
4516	Hound's She-wolf	2013-04-16	Ciaran Hinds seems way to old to be Mance, I can't believe this guy could climb the wall much less have a baby on the way.
Both he and Tormund are so bleh, I expected more personality from them,  we didn't get a single Har!.
4517	Darryk	2013-04-16	I definitely consider him the biggest disappointment so far, sadly since I'm a fan of Ciarin Hinds.
But even being a big fan of Ciarin Hinds and his performance in Rome, after reading the books I decided that James Purefoy would actually have made a better Mance.
But ultimately the choice of actor isn't the issue, it's how Mance has been portrayed. Basically minus all the personality he has in the books,and with hardly any development of his character either.
Maybe this isn't the last we'll see of him this season but the fact Jon and co. are already off to climb the wall makes me feel those three scenes were all we'll get of TV Mance. Not sure why the show decided to portray him this way but I'm sure they have good reasons.
4518	Dove	2013-04-16	Yeah, Qhorin was a great minor character and his and Jon's last stand was amazing. Leaving that out was probably my biggest nitpick with last season.I don't remember how the sequence of events goes after the wildlings' attack on the wall, so unless I'm mistaken is this the last we'll see of Mance in a really long time unless they add in some extra scenes?
4519	Mulled Wino	2013-04-16	Yeah, Qhorin was a great minor character and his and Jon's last stand was amazing. Leaving that out was probably my biggest nitpick with last season.I don't remember how the sequence of events goes after the wildlings' attack on the wall, so unless I'm mistaken is this the last we'll see of Mance in a really long time unless they add in some extra scenes?The hunt and last stand was probably my favorite sequence in the books, along with hot weasel soup.
4520	crazibouncer	2013-04-16	I do not hate show Mance.  There has barely been any screen time with him anyway.  I was upset about the whole not being a bard and I always pictured him as a more attractive person with charisma.  He seems more rough and stern like the North.  
As for Tormund, I think in the upcoming episodes we will see more of his fun awesome behavior that we all love.  I hope so at least.
4521	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-16	I do not hate show Mance.  There has barely been any screen time with him anyway.  I was upset about the whole not being a bard and I always pictured him as a more attractive person with charisma.  He seems more rough and stern like the North.  As for Tormund, I think in the upcoming episodes we will see more of his fun awesome behavior that we all love.  I hope so at least.I believe we will, regarding Tormund. Intense as he is, his reaction to Mance attacking the wall was quite good, there was a little bromance between them there. I think the actor is quite capable of being likable and a fan favorite given the right lines and screen time.
4522	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-17	In the books, both Mance and Tormund are in my favourite characters list, but they aren't on the show. Though I do think it is too early to tell, since they haven't had much screen time,  but at the moment Jon's story line - so them included - isn't interesting me that much. Which is a pity because Jon is my favourite character.
  I hope it picks up though - possibly episode number 5?
4523	Mladen	2013-04-15	The Kingslayer and the Turncloak. We finally had the chance to see them suffer for all their crimes. For when you toss a boy off the window, have sex with your sister, kill a lot of people to hide it, or when you betray your friends whom are you raised with, you are bound to be punished soon enough.
In my humble opinion, this was good episode, but nothing more. And it was good more because I am fan of the show, than it was good on its own. Theon`s hunting has been cut into very small pieces, so perhaps we could enjoy more in this `hunt`, or perhaps the writers had come to new ruthless way to punish Theon. Either way, I want to cut the chase, and see something being done to him. As for Jaime, as much as I like `without your father, you are nothing` perspective, I have to say that this Locke looks rather more cunning than cruel. And that`s why I have problems with this scene.
In this episode, we have seen `the hunting game` Boy plays with Theon, and we have Locke cutting Jaime`s hands. Do we like these changes? Are we glad to see that `hunting game` will be the most pervertic and mallicious thing we have ever seen? And do we like the way Jaime`s hand was cut off? And how does it work comparing to what we know from the books?
					
					
							Edited by Mladen, 15 April 2013 - 09:58 AM.
4524	Hellfell	2013-04-15	What's happening to them cannot be called justice. I love people's reactions to these storylines being "yay, those guys finally get what they deserve. Justice is served" I want to look at their faces when they realize how cruel they really were when they laughed and clapped at those scenes.
"you don't know villainy", Alliser Torne would say if he was a critic talking to average viewer.
4525	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Mm agreed. Another thing I like about GRRM is the lack of 'evil' characters. I always found the idea of a 'shits and giggles evil' rather archaic. 
That GRRM takes away those lens and shows us the alternative view has been something I've long found endearing.
4526	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	It's kinda "karmic justice", but done in such a way it paves way for further injustices. Generally though, Jaime is probably the closest "wheel of justice" thing. Same as Bran, his "primary skill" is left in ruins (Jaime: generally moving around doing mischief, Jaime being a very very good swordfighter); As a result, they have to turn to alternatives (bran: skinchanging, getting more power than he dreamed of and being able to "fly"; Jaime: beginning to use the grey stuff between his ears and becoming a competent commander).
4527	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	I have to stress that Theon was never a turncloak, in westeros law, the son of a lord most always obey his father (not his "prisoners"). Regardless of how much he liked Robb and how close they were, he did the "rightful" thing by obeying his fathers wishes. Not even Ned Stark could disagree with that
4528	Mladen	2013-04-15	But, it`s all about perception, isn`t it? After having so many books with clear line between right and wrong, good and evil, it`s refreshing to have one blurry line between two confronted sides. Justice should be impartial, right? But, from everything we have seen, and some of us even lived, we can`t say it works that way. Calling Theon`s torments a justice is as wrong as doing it. Jaime`s hand, being cut off, interestingly brought us so much we didn`t know. These punishments made us realize how cruel world is, and that sometimes price we pay for our crimes is too high. But, after all, if we can`t suffer for our crimes, where does it lead us. Jaime`s punishment had led him to some sort of redemption, and Theon, if ever, will find forgiveness from those he wronged the most.
So, can we say that they have paid for their crimes? Or is this another example that random viciousness is called justice? For after all, neither Locke or Ramsay were thinking of Bran, and crimes their captives had commited.
4529	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	he did the "rightful" thing by obeying his fathers wishes. Not even Ned Stark could disagree with thatActually, not following his father's wishes is what got him into bother. He was not supposed take Winterfell.What's happening to them cannot be called justice.Jaime lost the hand that pushed Bran out the window. Theon, well, the 'interrogation' he has had so far could be argued to be 'par for the course'. What comes next is not of course.
4530	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	I actually think Jamies "punishment" made him a better man in the end, its almost as if it was the will of the "gods" to have hand removed so that he could look back on his prior life and decide that he wanted to make a change and become "Goldhand the good". Theon on the other hand, never really did anything wrong, he did what a son of a lord is expected to do (obey his father) and his punishment is not only unjustified, but carried out by someone with no authority to do so (Ramsay)
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 15 April 2013 - 05:22 AM.
4531	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I actually think Jamies "punishment" made him a better man in the end, its almost as if it was the will of the "gods" to have hand removed so that he could look back on his prior life and decide that he wanted to make a change and become "Goldhand the good". Theon on the other hand, never really did anything wrong, he did what a son of a lord is expected to do (obey his father) and his punishment is not only unjustified, but carried out by someone with no authority to do so (Ramsay)How did he obey his father?  His father told him to harry te Stony ShoreHe did give Robb his word btw before he went to Pyke so its tough to justify "he never did anything wrong".  He pledged fealty to the king then betrayed him.
4532	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I actually think Jamies "punishment" made him a better man in the end, its almost as if it was the will of the "gods" to have hand removed so that he could look back on his prior life and decide that he wanted to make a change and become "Goldhand the good". Theon on the other hand, never really did anything wrong, he did what a son of a lord is expected to do (obey his father) and his punishment is not only unjustified, but carried out by someone with no authority to do so (Ramsay)Re: Jaime. Exactly - there is also the fact that he is now maimed for life just as Bran is maimed for life. That fact in itself could be something of a trigger for his own re-evaluation.Re: Theon. Disagree completely. "Never really did anything wrong"....  I grant you that his loyalty to his family should be greater than his loyalty to the Starks, but Northmen are perfectly justified in seeing him as a treacherous individual. And he was disobeying his father anyway. In the normal historical course of events, a bit of fingernail 'tickling' and foot screwing is the absolute least someone in medieval times could expect. Torture and maiming of even kings and emperors is historically accurate for the time. The initial stuff Theon has gone through is not beyond the pale. Everything that happens after is what is unjustified.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 06:50 AM.
4533	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Theon didnt turn his cloak on the North?  Do people really believe that he didn't or is this just Theon love?  
I dont see how, from the perspective of the people who actually call him Theon Turncloak, he didnt do anything wrong.  Just because you like his character doesnt mean he didnt rightly give the North justification for hating him and owing him death at best.
4534	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Dbl post
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 15 April 2013 - 06:59 AM.
4535	Dove	2013-04-15	I don't know, I can see both sides. I've grown pretty fond of Theon as a character so I might not be entirely impartial but I think it's a little ridiculous to expect complete and utter loyalty from someone who's just a glorified hostage - with the deaths of "Bran and Rickon" and the razing of Winterfell attributed to him, though, I can see why the lords would call for his execution even if we know it didn't go down how they think it did.
4536	episodenone	2013-04-15	I believe the proper word would be "perverse"
4537	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I don't know, I can see both sides. I've grown pretty fond of Theon as a character so I might not be entirely impartial but I think it's a little ridiculous to expect complete and utter loyalty from someone who's just a glorified hostage - with the deaths of "Bran and Rickon" and the razing of Winterfell attributed to him, though, I can see why the lords would call for his execution even if we know it didn't go down how they think it did.Lmao.  So they should have thought he had his fingers crossed when he pledged his sword to Robb and gave him his word when Robb sent him to Pyke.  I'd say the bold clearly applies.
4538	wolverine	2013-04-15	The Kingslayer and the Turncloak. We finally had the chance to see them suffer for all their crimes. For when you toss a boy off the window, have sex with your sister, kill a lot of people to hide it, or when you betray your friends whom are you raised with, you are bound to be punished soon enough.In my humble opinion, this was good episode, but nothing more. And it was good more because I am fan of the show, than it was good on its own. Theon`s hunting has been cut into very small pieces, so perhaps we could enjoy more in this `hunt`, or perhaps the writers had come to new ruthless way to punish Theon. Either way, I want to cut the chase, and see something being done to him. As for Jaime, as much as I like `without your father, you are nothing` perspective, I have to say that this Locke looks rather more cunning than cruel. And that`s why I have problems with this scene.In this episode, we have seen `the hunting game` Boy plays with Theon, and we have Locke cutting Jaime`s hands. Do we like these changes? Are we glad to see that `hunting game` will be the most pervertic and mallicious thing we have ever seen? And do we like the way Jaime`s hand was cut off? And how does it work comparing to what we know from the books?Someone in the other thread had what I thought was a good explanation for this.  At this point, if Locke is loyal to the north, which he appears to be, he probably assumes that he is bringing Jaime back to the North to be beheaded.  It doesn't matter if he has 1 or 2 hands when they cut off his head.  This sets up a good scene for Roose to be like "why the fuck did you cut off his hand you moron!" since he is obviously not loyal to the North.What's happening to them cannot be called justice. I love people's reactions to these storylines being "yay, those guys finally get what they deserve. Justice is served" I want to look at their faces when they realize how cruel they really were when they laughed and clapped at those scenes."you don't know villainy", Alliser Torne would say if he was a critic talking to average viewer.I agree.  It is pretty fucked up to be rejoicing and clapping at torture scenes.  Maybe says something about people's desensification to violence.  The hand cutting off I understand as it is quick and seemingly justified punishment for Jaime's crimes, but not the torture scenes.
4539	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I agree.  It is pretty fucked up to be rejoicing and clapping at torture scenes.  Maybe says something about people's desensification to violence.  The hand cutting off I understand as it is quick and seemingly justified punishment for Jaime's crimes, but not the torture scenes.I agree completely.
4540	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	It was poetic justice for Jaime for his actions with Bran. He has killed northmen in his escape attempts, and now kharma rebounded on him.
If you can dish it out, be prepared to take it. Jaime will grow now.
Theon is simply a pathetic loser, which makes his character great. Theon wasn't even following Balon's orders, he wasn't supposed to sack Winterfell, but go to the Stony Shore.
It is completely unfair what is being done to him, but he put himself in that position in the first place.
4541	Mladen	2013-04-15	I believe the proper word would be "perverse"Thank you. English isn`t my first language and sometimes I make these mistakes. I`ll correct immediately.
4542	Mladen	2013-04-15	I have to stress that Theon was never a turncloak, in westeros law, the son of a lord most always obey his father (not his "prisoners"). Regardless of how much he liked Robb and how close they were, he did the "rightful" thing by obeying his fathers wishes. Not even Ned Stark could disagree with thatTurnocloak is most likely derived from turncoat, which is another word for traitor, and Theon did betrayed Starks. As everyone pointed out, his father`s wish was never to take Winterfell. Theon did it on his own. His father hadn`t told him to burn the children, Theon did it. He did maybe the right thing to obbey his side and shift his allegeance, but that still makes him turncloak. And he was fed with Starks, raised with them, Robb named him practicly his closest advisors. Theon betrayed that trust, and that`s why he is turncloak.Someone in the other thread had what I thought was a good explanation for this.  At this point, if Locke is loyal to the north, which he appears to be, he probably assumes that he is bringing Jaime back to the North to be beheaded.  It doesn't matter if he has 1 or 2 hands when they cut off his head.  This sets up a good scene for Roose to be like "why the fuck did you cut off his hand you moron!" since he is obviously not loyal to the North.Yes, in the show it works that way, but as for books, Vargo was working under Bolton, and at the moment of cuttig this hand, Bolton was already negotiating with Lannisters. Your argument stands, but I still have problem in digesting that scene properly /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. I expected so uch more of it.
4543	Gannicus	2013-04-15	On Theon
I can see both sides of the coin in terms of turning his cloak. But his behavior during his brief occupation of Winterfell was pathetic. I was sympathetic to his plight on the Iron Islands, but he's getting his right now.
4544	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Jaime lost the hand that pushed Bran out the window.Theon, well, the 'interrogation' he has had so far could be argued to be 'par for the course'. What comes next is not of course.Actually, wasn't it the left hand that pushed Jaime out the window?  Or, you might not have meant it that literally.   /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />As to justice, I'm not sure any of us can really say.  We never know another person completely, and I suspect that each of us has in some way escaped justice that could or 'should' have been meted out for ourselves.  Perhaps that's too serious a point I've made.  But, at the very least, I agree with many who have said that GRRM doesn't create any completely "good" or "evil" characters.  Each is a combination of both and is experiencing the process of good and not so good decisions in their lives, just as we do.  Sometimes consequences are immediate, sometimes not - sometimes they're obvious, sometimes subtle - sometimes stern and unrelenting, sometimes merciful.  Cheez, I sound like I'm preaching a sermon.But, for example, I had a hard time forgiving Sansa for running to Cercei and betraying her Father when he announced they were going to leave KL, but could I say that it was justice that was at work when she suffered what she did at the hands of Joffrey, that it 'served her right'?  I don't think so. Jaime had been spoiled in many ways for a very long time, but he is now out in the real world and making some better choices (viz. talking about Saphires being mined in Tarth to try to have Brienne spared from rapes).  There is also the point that his killing Ayres was in good part sacrificial, and he's allowed others to lable him as a kingslayer nonetheless.
4545	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Actually, wasn't it the left hand that pushed Jaime out the window?  Or, you might not have meant it that literally.  Wow.I did mean that literally. I have always had that image reversed in my mind! I didn't believe what you said until I checked just then. Thank you for the correction!
4546	Mladen	2013-04-15	Actually, wasn't it the left hand that pushed Jaime out the window?  Or, you might not have meant it that literally.   /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Wow.I did mean that literally. I have always had that image reversed in my mind! I didn't believe what you said until I checked just then. Thank you for the correction!In the show yes, it was left arm, but in the books it was just an arm.
4547	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Turnocloak is most likely derived from turncoat, which is another word for traitor, and Theon did betrayed Starks. As everyone pointed out, his father`s wish was never to take Winterfell. Theon did it on his own. His father hadn`t told him to burn the children, Theon did it. He did maybe the right thing to obbey his side and shift his allegeance, but that still makes him turncloak. And he was fed with Starks, raised with them, Robb named him practicly his closest advisors. Theon betrayed that trust, and that`s why he is turncloak.Theon was never a turncloak because his cloak was always marked with the Golden Kraken of House Greyjoy. I feel like i have to stress that in the feudal society, a noble-born man was expected above all to obey and bring glory to his father (and house). Theon was always a Greyjoy, and even if he grew up to be Robbs best friend, the day Robb sent him to Pyke he officially "released" him from his hostage position and turned him over the Balon. I know it was done with mutual, good intentions from both theon and robb regarding the war against the lannister, but none of them expected Balon to do the contrary of what Robb proposed; and instead of aiding the north with the powerful iron fleet, he decided to use it to raid and invade the north. It was a tough decision for Theon, but the laws dictated that he had to obey his father, or he would have been branded a REAL traitor. Afaik, Balon never said "DO NOT TAKE WINTERFELL WHATEVER YOU DO". He said something like "the north is open for the taking, castles, field and mine will be ours, Winterfell might defy us for a year but what of it - implying that they planned to sooner or later lay siege to Winterfell aswell, contrary to what asha said when she visited theon in wenterfell "(Winterfell is hundreds of miles from the sea, and our power comes from our ships")balon obviously intended to lay siege on winterfell, why else would he estimate how long the northerners could hold it?Theon took winterfell because his father did not respect him and thought him weak and loyal to the starks, so naturally, taking winterfell would hit two flies in one hit, both showing his talent for strategy by taking the most fortified castle in the north with just a skeleton cew, and forever distancing him from the starks. I also think the so-called experienced raiders on the sea bitch, in the lust for battle and disrespect for theon, kinda provoked him to do something that drastical to "prove himself". He should of course have realized that he could never hold the Heart of the North alone so early before the major shore invasions had been launched anthe few stark loyalist forces that where left in the north where busy fighting off the coastal raids, but i think he was too eager to prove himself to pay attention to that level of strategy.I do think Balon was stupid/stubborn and decided to let his lust to constantly belittle and humiliate his sons exploits take the first seat to his common sense (kinda like Tywin regarding Tyrion). Winterfell is one of the best fortified seats in westeros and had he only sent a couple hundred men along with asha, winterfell could have repelled Ramsays army while keeping the northern army occupied trying to take back the northern capitol and hence leaving the shores vurnerable. Taking winterfell should also have proved to Balon that Theon was loyal to his family and that he had forever forsaken the Starks, but i dont think any efforts from Theon could have pleased Balon at this point, he was obviously unjustlu projecting his own faliures and the humility of being forced to send away his last son to be raised a prisoner on to Theon.TLDR: Theon never betrayed Robb because he never swore an official oath or vow to robbs cause, and feudal law and tradition forced him to obey his father. He was the last male heir of Balon and was therefor expected to serve him by law and tradition.He did however regretfully betray a good friends trust, but Robb should have listened to Cat before releasing Theon to go home and bring a proposal to a man Robb had never met and had no idea of which side he was on, while at the same time giving back the hostage that had kept Balon passive for the last decades.Blood is thicker than water, Theon did betray his former best friends wishes, but he did what was expected of him as the son of a powerful Lord. And it was pretty clear that it was not an easy decision for Theon (the scene where he burns the warning letter etc)Other crimes like killing the innocent farmer orphans are of course inexcusable (like most things that happened in feudal warfare), but still "understandable" since his surrounding group of Ironmen/Ramsay were constantly pushing him over the edge by telling him how an ironborn is expected to act, wich Theon never really knew before he was introduced to his crew at the sea bitch. as a young man who had spent most of his life as a prisoner in another house and after being cursed and ridiculed by his own father upon his return, Theon was desperate to prove himself and gain the respect from pretty much anyone.
4548	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	I would like to point out that Robbs decision to send Theon to Pyke was probably the main reason he lost the war, perhaps on par with catelyn setting jamie free but the thing with theon was definitely the begining of his decline. Even his marriage to Westerling/Talisa, another major blunder, was a direct consequence of the ironborn taking winterfell and allegadly killing his brothers, wich made him lose his composure.He did not know Balon or what kind of man he was, so he should have listened to cat and first of all consider how much Balon probably hated the north for killing two of his sons and holding his last male heir a prisoner... Robb should have realized that he was not a potential ally just like i did the first time when i read of Robb and Theons little proposal to ol' lord Greyjoy. It was a well known fact at the time that Balon loathed the starks, as Tyrion Lannister pointed out several chapters/episodes before. The Starks should have realized that leaving the north vulnerable with almost all its manpower marching south would be an ideal situation for Balon to finally plot his revenge, the only thing that could really prevent this was the fact that Theon was still practicly a "hostage" among the Stark Host, so keeping him as far away from balons reach as possible would definitely be a good idea. Had he not impulsivley sent theon to the iron islands, he would not have found himself cut off from the north, with his men and army losing more  morale with each day at the thoughts of ironborn men wreaking havoc amonst their homes and raping innocent northern women or possibly their wives. and most of all, ramsay would not have been able to spread chaos in the north and burn winterfell to the ground and pin it on the ironborn (wich also damaged the morale of Robbs host greatly)The turmoil with the ironborn invasion was definitely a huge benefactor for the Boltons since Ramsays force pretty much had uncontested reign over the north mainland while Robbs army was stuck away in the riverlands and westerlands, and it might have been the point that sparked Roose's thoughts about ending the Starks rule of the north permanently.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 15 April 2013 - 05:07 PM.
4549	shiola	2013-04-15	People think what's being done to Theon and Jaime is justice?  Seven hells.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 15 April 2013 - 05:33 PM.
4550	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Theon pledges his sword to Robb Stark, the King of the North. I don't know if you want him to sign a contract before calling him a turncloak but debating semantics is just a waste of time in general. He left on Robb's side and then returned against him. It's that simple.
That being said torture isn't justice. Theon obviously gets much much worse than he deserved, since Robb would just have beheaded him.
4551	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I would like to point out that Robbs decision to send Theon to Pyke was probably the main reason he lost the war, perhaps on par with catelyn setting jamie free but the thing with theon was definitely the begining of his decline. Even his marriage to Westerling/Talisa, another major blunder, was a direct consequence of the ironborn taking winterfell and allegadly killing his brothers, wich made him lose his composure.He did not know Balon or what kind of man he was, so he should have listened to cat and first of all consider how much Balon probably hated the north for killing two of his sons and holding his last male heir a prisoner... Robb should have realized that he was not a potential ally just like i did the first time when i read of Robb and Theons little proposal to ol' lord Greyjoy. It was a well known fact at the time that Balon loathed the starks, as Tyrion Lannister pointed out several chapters/episodes before. The Starks should have realized that leaving the north vulnerable with almost all its manpower marching south would be an ideal situation for Balon to finally plot his revenge, the only thing that could really prevent this was the fact that Theon was still practicly a "hostage" among the Stark Host, so keeping him as far away from balons reach as possible would definitely be a good idea. Had he not impulsivley sent theon to the iron islands, he would not have found himself cut off from the north, with his men and army losing more  morale with each day at the thoughts of ironborn men wreaking havoc amonst their homes and raping innocent northern women or possibly their wives. and most of all, ramsay would not have been able to spread chaos in the north and burn winterfell to the ground and pin it on the ironborn (wich also damaged the morale of Robbs host greatly)The turmoil with the ironborn invasion was definitely a huge benefactor for the Boltons since Ramsays force pretty much had uncontested reign over the north mainland while Robbs army was stuck away in the riverlands and westerlands, and it might have been the point that sparked Roose's thoughts about ending the Starks rule of the north permanently.Theon did lay his sword at Robb's feet and pledged fealty to him.  You're waaaay off.
4552	Mladen	2013-04-15	Theon was never a turncloak because his cloak was always marked with the Golden Kraken of House Greyjoy.Theon never betrayed Robb because he never swore an official oath or vow to robbs cause, and feudal law and tradition forced him to obey his father. Basically, what you are trying to say is that someone can`t betray someone else unless they are bound by oath or blood. I am sorry, but it doesn`t work that way. So, following this logic, LF hadn`t betrayed Ned? According to feudal law, you are right, a son should do what his father tells him. But that doesn`t change the fact that son can betray others by following his father`s orders. Theon made excuse for himself so he could sleep at night. But he was a turncloak, he betrayed Robb, and killed 2 kids to prove it.Theon did lay his sword at Robb's feet and pledged fealty to him.  You're waaaay off.Nice and simply said. You are completely right.
4553	Kasrith	2013-04-15	I agree that whoever says he's getting what he deserves is just going on feelings of S2, hasn't developed the relationships we have over time with the books. Although even they do see a bigger picture (at least my circle of show watching non book friends) for both Jaime and Theon
4554	TheAwesomeVargoHoat	2013-04-15	I think Jaime got exactly what he deserved.  It's a fair punishment, losing his hand for crippling Bran.  Bran loses the use of his legs, Jaime loses the use of his sword arm.  It's about as fair a punishment as you can get.  He took away a kids ability to live his dreams, I think people forget that considering Bran gets new dreams after getting pushed out a window.
As for Theon, he gets far worse, all for just trying to please his father.  If he actually killed Bran and Rickon then I can see a little bit of torture being dished out, but he didn't.  It wasn't even his idea to kill the millers boys, it was all Ramsay.
Theon gets by far the worst hand dealt in the series.  I would love if he's the one who kills Ramsay in the next book, though I don't see him lasting very long.
4555	Ser Greguh	2013-04-15	Theon did swear an oath to Robb, at least in the show.  His father put him in an impossible position, but what followed from that was essentially a conga line of his failures: his insecurity, his drive for glory and his father's respect, and a more-than-substantial sadistic streak.  Torture is of course not justice, but if we're taking the Westerosi moral code as the standard here, there's no question that losing his head would be justice.  He murdered two completely innocent boys and had their bodies tarred and put on display.  Even in the context of warfare, that's beyond the pale.  He garners sympathy because he's in a situation that nobody deserves, no matter how heinous their crimes, but my own sympathy is still severely dampened because Theon's crimes are heinous.
Jaime is more complex.  If he weren't a valuable hostage, he would have been executed on the spot after confessing to his attemted murder of Bran, and I don't think many people would say it's wasn't justice.  Maiming him is cruel, but there have been plenty of societies throughout history that lopped off hands as punishment for petty theft, and Westeros isn't far removed in its moral code from those societies.  The cruelty is amplified in Jaime's case because his sword hand is so inexorably tied to his identity.  It is more "cruel" to him than it would be to an ordinary person from that perspective, but that's not much of a standard for justice.
4556	L<U+0092>Age d<U+0092>or	2013-04-15	Cannot say it's justice, since the concept is so subjective that makes it very hard to argue upon. That said, Jaime and Theon are experiencing what it's like not to be in charge or the authority. Both did what they did when they had authority over others and now the tables have turned on them.
4557	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	People think what's being done to Theon and Jaime is justice?  Seven hells.Jaime yes. Bran maimed for life, Now Jaime maimed for life... and Jaime got the better end of the deal.Theon - what has happened, arguably yes            - what happens next, of course notThat's what makes Theon's arc so brilliant. You are supposed to think it is somehow 'justified' but then the full impact of what has happened comes out and you have to question yourself. That's the point. He screwed up big time. Any claims that he is 'lilly-white' are unjustifiable.
4558	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Theon did lay his sword at Robb's feet and pledged fealty to him.  You're waaaay off.Pledging individual fealty to someones cause in a war is not the same thing as binding yourself to lifelong servitude (unless theon was lord of pyke at the time, then he could have sworn an oath of fealty that would have lasted for the rest of his life and passed on to his children and their children, but Theon had no authority to do so). howerver, it IS expected of a member of a noble family to spend his entire life in service of his house and family, the only exceptions are those who become maesters or crows, wich is often decided by the Lord father anyhow.Lets pretend Theon told Balon to fuck off and went back to Robb. (wich is even bigger treason by the laws and morals of Westeros, regardless how much you love how stark, its a fact) Practicly, that would have meant that Theon forsake all inheiratance to the seastone chair and his family in favour of the starks, and since Balon would then no longer value his life (he might hypotheticaly have inprisoned theon himself if he managed to catch him before he left to rejoin Robb). Theon would lose his "hostage" value and Asha and Balon would have gone through with their invasion of the north anyways,with theon back at robbs side but stripped of all titles and inheritence and basicly serveing as a glorified guard/warrior in the stark army.The wisest thing Robb and Theon could have done if they wanted to pledge fealty and create an alliance between their houses was to be patient, find ships somewhere else or choose another strategy, and wait until Balon was Dead. Then Theon could have claimed the seastone chair and officialy signed an official alliance between the two families "until the end of time".
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 15 April 2013 - 06:03 PM.
4559	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Pledging fealty to someones cause in a war is not the same thing as binding yourself to lifelong servitude (unless theon was lord of pyke at the time, then he could have sworn an oath of fealty that would have lasted for the rest of his life and passed on to his children and their children, but Theon had no authority to do so.  howerver, it IS expected of a member of a noble family to spend his entire life in service of his house and family, the only exceptions are those who become maesters or crows, wich is often decided by the Lord father anyhow.Lets pretend Theon told Balon to fuck off and went back to Robb. Practicly, that would have meant that Theon forsake all inheiratance to the seastone chair and his family in favour of the starks, and since Balon would then no longer value his life (he might hypotheticaly have inprisoned theon himself if he managed to catch him before he left to rejoin Robb). he would lose his "hostage" value and Asha and Balon would have gone through with their invasion of the north anyways, with theon back at robbs side but stripped of all titles and basicly serveing as an overglorified bodyguard/warrior in the stark army.The wisest thing Robb and Theon could have done if they wanted to pledge fealty and create an alliance between their houses was to be patient, find ships somewhere else or choose another strategy, and wait until Balon was Dead. Then Theon could have claimed the seastone chair and officialy signed an official alliance between the two families "until the end of time".So Theon isn't a turncloak because he only swore fealty in a time of war and then betrayed that vow which makes him a...what??
4560	shiola	2013-04-15	I hold the unpopular opinion that Jaime and Theon have thus far gotten worse than they deserve.  Jaime pushed Bran out a window with the intent to kill him, not cripple him.  Theon killed the farmer's boys.  So if I were an "eye for an eye" type, Jaime deserves the quick death he meant to give Bran, and Theon also deserves a quick death.  But motives are more important to me than actions, so there we are.  If I were to judge actions and results rather than motives, I'd say Jaime got a sort of poetic justice.  I can appreciate it for that.But torture is an entirely different beast, and Theon does not deserve what he has gotten nor what is to come.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 15 April 2013 - 06:18 PM.
4561	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	It really appeared like Robb was the only noble in westeros who did not know that Balon Greyjoy hated the starks more than any other family in westeros. His father had to take Theon hostage to ensure that Balon would remain peaceful. But Robb thinks Balon would make an excellent ally based soley on the fact that they are both members of the "Rebels and former Rebels against the Iron Throne Club" and that Theon thinks that he will probably be able to convince a father he hardly knows or remembers to join Robbs side - Both of them totally ignoring the past; the fact that they are trying to recruit a man who lost two sons, theons elder brothers, at stark hands, and that Balon was greatly humiliated by being forced to send his only living son away to be kept as a hostage by the starks.
That fact should be enough really, if you had to take this guys son away and give him to the starks as a hostage to ensure that Balon would remain peaceful thowards the north, he should not be considered a suitable ally. and, for the love of god, you should not give him back your hostage when your homelands are more vulnerable than ever to an attack by the Iron Islands.
The entire plan to send Theon to Pyke to negociate an alliance with his father on behalf of house Stark is about as dumb as sending Gregor Clegane to Dorne in order to try to forge an alliance between House Martell and House Lannister to fight house Stark, and its one of the things that qualifies Robb as the most stupid principal lord of westeros, with Mace Tyrell who is lightyears ahead of Robb in wits, politics and diplomancy as a solid number two.
4562	Dove	2013-04-15	No matter what they did, torture isn't "justice" by any stretch of the definition imo and I always find it weird when people react to these characters with the amount of bloodlust that they do. Especially the degree of torture that Theon's put through. Jaime's mutilation led to him becoming a much better person along with Brienne's help, but people cheering for that is a little strange too.
When you've got characters like Vargo Hoat/Locke, Craster Daughterlover, Ramsay "I Hunt Women Like Animals" Snow, Roose Bolton, Kraznys mo Whatever, Gregor Baby-dasher Clegane, etc. featured do Jaime and Theon really come across as being all that villainous and undeserving of sympathy to people?
I'm really thankful for the friends I regularly watch this show with I guess because no-one's yet to react like that to either of them. I mean, we laughed at the credits but it was one of those shocked laughs, not a "HAHA yeah he done got what he deserved" thing.
4563	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	It really appeared like Robb was the only noble in westeros who did not know that Balon Greyjoy hated the starks more than any other family in westeros. His father had to take Theon hostage to ensure that Balon would remain peaceful. But Robb thinks Balon would make an excellent ally based soley on the fact that they are both members of the "Rebels and former Rebels against the Iron Throne Club" and that Theon thinks that he will probably be able to convince a father he hardly knows or remembers to join Robbs side - Both of them totally ignoring the past; the fact that they are trying to recruit a man who lost two sons, theons elder brothers, at stark hands, and that Balon was greatly humiliated by being forced to send his only living son away to be kept as a hostage by the starks.That fact should be enough really, if you had to take this guys son away and give him to the starks as a hostage to ensure that Balon would remain peaceful thowards the north, he should not be considered a suitable ally. and, for the love of god, you should not give him back your hostage when your homelands are more vulnerable than ever to an attack by the Iron Islands.The entire plan to send Theon to Pyke to negociate an alliance with his father on behalf of house Stark is about as dumb as sending Gregor Clegane to Dorne in order to try to forge an alliance between House Martell and House Lannister to fight house Stark, and its one of the things that qualifies Robb as the most stupid principal lord of westeros, with Mace Tyrell who is lightyears ahead of Robb in wits, politics and diplomancy as a solid number two.Robb thought the worst case scenario was that Balon would hold Theon at Pyke and not join his side. What actually happens is much, much worse. So it was a bad idea but the way it turned out was completely unpredictable to him because Theon was practically his brother.That being said Robb's stupidity is an entirely different topic and I'm not sure what role it playing in justice for Theon.
4564	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	So Theon isn't a turncloak because he only swore fealty in a time of war and then betrayed that vow which makes him a...what??Family still comes first. Because family always comes first in Westeros. Thats how feudal laws work. Once Theon arrived in Pyke, his fealty to robb stark means nothing if his father does not approve of it, because he is the the Lord of the Iron Islands and it is theons duty to obey his father and serve his house. That is the way it has been for thousands of years in westeros.If Robb stark actually did some research, like listening to his dear mother or asking one of his political advisers who where of his fathers generation about Balon Greyjoy and the odds of him joining them in an alliance before he sent Theon back into his fathers mercy, this whole thing would never have happened.
4565	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Wow.I did mean that literally. I have always had that image reversed in my mind! I didn't believe what you said until I checked just then. Thank you for the correction!Gosh, you're welcome.  I wasn't quite sure, and didn't really mean it as a correction, more like a reality check.    /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
4566	FattyPeon	2013-04-15	Family still comes first. Because family always comes first in Westeros. Thats how feudal laws work. Once Theon arrived in Pyke, his fealty to robb stark means nothing if his father does not approve of it, because he is the the Lord of the Iron Islands and it is theons duty to obey his father and serve his house. That is the way it has been for thousands of years in westeros.If Robb stark actually did some research, like listening to his dear mother or asking one of his political advisers who where of his fathers generation about Balon Greyjoy and the odds of him joining them in an alliance before he sent Theon back into his fathers mercy, this whole thing would never have happened.Surely your duty to the king you've declared for overrides any duty to your dad.
					
					
							Edited by FattyPeon, 15 April 2013 - 06:51 PM.
4567	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Family still comes first. Because family always comes first in Westeros. Thats how feudal laws work. Once Theon arrived in Pyke, his fealty to robb stark means nothing if his father does not approve of it, because he is the the Lord of the Iron Islands and it is theons duty to obey his father and serve his house. That is the way it has been for thousands of years in westeros.If Robb stark actually did some research, like listening to his dear mother or asking one of his political advisers who where of his fathers generation about Balon Greyjoy and the odds of him joining them in an alliance before he sent Theon back into his fathers mercy, this whole thing would never have happened.It doesn't matter because he turned his cloak on his King. If you're father tells you to rebel against the throne then you're still a traitor to the throne. How is this not absolutely clear.
4568	Eogh	2013-04-15	It really appeared like Robb was the only noble in westeros who did not know that Balon Greyjoy hated the starks more than any other family in westeros. His father had to take Theon hostage to ensure that Balon would remain peaceful. But Robb thinks Balon would make an excellent ally based soley on the fact that they are both members of the "Rebels and former Rebels against the Iron Throne Club" and that Theon thinks that he will probably be able to convince a father he hardly knows or remembers to join Robbs side - Both of them totally ignoring the past; the fact that they are trying to recruit a man who lost two sons, theons elder brothers, at stark hands, and that Balon was greatly humiliated by being forced to send his only living son away to be kept as a hostage by the starks.That fact should be enough really, if you had to take this guys son away and give him to the starks as a hostage to ensure that Balon would remain peaceful thowards the north, he should not be considered a suitable ally. and, for the love of god, you should not give him back your hostage when your homelands are more vulnerable than ever to an attack by the Iron Islands.The entire plan to send Theon to Pyke to negociate an alliance with his father on behalf of house Stark is about as dumb as sending Gregor Clegane to Dorne in order to try to forge an alliance between House Martell and House Lannister to fight house Stark, and its one of the things that qualifies Robb as the most stupid principal lord of westeros, with Mace Tyrell who is lightyears ahead of Robb in wits, politics and diplomancy as a solid number two.I totally agree that sending Theon to Pyke was hands down one of the worst strategic blunders of the series, but I think you're misrepresenting some of Theon's motives to help your point. You talk about his decision to betray Robb's trust as difficult, when in actuality it was incredibly easy for Theon (this was changed in the show to make him more sympathetic), and you make a big deal about Theon's duty to serve his family when in fact he was motivated more by the desire for personal glory  than any compulsion to aid his family. He saw an opportunity to wield significant power of his own, and jumped for it.
4569	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Robb thought the worst case scenario was that Balon would hold Theon at Pyke and not join his side. What actually happens is much, much worse. So it was a bad idea but the way it turned out was completely unpredictable to him because Theon was practically his brother.Wich once again proves that he is stupid or at least ignorant. i cant see how Robb Stark doesnt know about Balons hatred for his house when "Outsiders" like Tyrion Lannister does it. Did Ned never tell him about the Greyjoy rebellion? Did Robb never ask? Did Maester Luwin forget to educate him on what happened to two of balons sons during the rebellion? or does robb just simply think this is all water under the brige? It also proves that he doesnt understand the concept of a hostage, wich was used frequently during this time period to prevent an old enemy from going to war against you again. Sending back this Hostage nullifies this advantageos defence. Did Robb never ask anyone why Balons son was raised among them? he seems to have little to none education on war, history, politics or relations between the ruling families.Im not going to defend Theons actions at winterfell, by that point he was pretty much desperatly trying to prove himself by killing people he had known all his life to impress ironborn warriors that he had known for a few months and none of them had shown him anything but contempt and disrespect when they first met, despite Theon being the only son of their paramount lord.Taking winterfell was completley optional and some of his actions there were impossible to defend by todays ethics and even if some of them were actually not his idea, he ordered them to be carried out. but taking winterfell was of course highly attractive in theons eyes since he thought it would prove to his father both his strategical effieciency and finally prove his loyalty to his familiy by defiling the Stark seat.Apart from that, theon had no choice but to take part of his fathers war campaign, and the whole thing could be avoided if Robb spent a little more time thinking his decisions through and consulting advisors before going with risky impulsive ideas.
4570	Eogh	2013-04-15	Wich once again proves that he is stupid or at least ignorant. i cant see how Robb Stark doesnt know about Balons hatred for his house when "Outsiders" like Tyrion Lannister does it. Did Ned never tell him about the Greyjoy rebellion? Did Robb never ask? Did Maester Luwin forget to educate him on what happened to two of balons sons during the rebellion? or does robb just simply think this is all water under the brige? It also proves that he doesnt understand the concept of a hostage, wich was used frequently during this time period to prevent an old enemy from going to war against you again. Sending back this Hostage nullifies this advantageos defence. Did Robb never ask anyone why Balons son was raised among them? he seems to have little to none education on war, history, politics or relations between the ruling families.This gave me a chuckle. Never actually thought about the full extent of Robb's foolishness in this department. Truly a fuck up of incredible magnitude.
4571	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Pledging individual fealty to someones cause in a war is not the same thing as binding yourself to lifelong servitude (unless theon was lord of pyke at the time, then he could have sworn an oath of fealty that would have lasted for the rest of his life and passed on to his children and their children, but Theon had no authority to do so). howerver, it IS expected of a member of a noble family to spend his entire life in service of his house and family, the only exceptions are those who become maesters or crows, wich is often decided by the Lord father anyhow.Lets pretend Theon told Balon to fuck off and went back to Robb. (wich is even bigger treason by the laws and morals of Westeros, regardless how much you love how stark, its a fact) Practicly, that would have meant that Theon forsake all inheiratance to the seastone chair and his family in favour of the starks, and since Balon would then no longer value his life (he might hypotheticaly have inprisoned theon himself if he managed to catch him before he left to rejoin Robb). Theon would lose his "hostage" value and Asha and Balon would have gone through with their invasion of the north anyways,with theon back at robbs side but stripped of all titles and inheritence and basicly serveing as a glorified guard/warrior in the stark army.The wisest thing Robb and Theon could have done if they wanted to pledge fealty and create an alliance between their houses was to be patient, find ships somewhere else or choose another strategy, and wait until Balon was Dead. Then Theon could have claimed the seastone chair and officialy signed an official alliance between the two families "until the end of time".The Northmen are the ones calling him turncloak, he took Robb as his king, not just a wartime ally.  Therefore he is a traitor to the king he swore fealty too.  So calling him turncloak is completely jusified to the North.Seriously, you really think he isn't a turncloak to the Northmen?  Out of the tens of paragraphs you've typed, not one is even a semi decent argument that he isnt a turncloak.  He pledged an oath to the king in the North, then broke it badly.
4572	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Wich once again proves that he is stupid or at least ignorant. i cant see how Robb Stark doesnt know about Balons hatred for his house when "Outsiders" like Tyrion Lannister does it. Did Ned never tell him about the Greyjoy rebellion? Did Robb never ask? Did Maester Luwin forget to educate him on what happened to two of balons sons during the rebellion? or does robb just simply think this is all water under the brige? It also proves that he doesnt understand the concept of a hostage, wich was used frequently during this time period to prevent an old enemy from going to war against you again. Sending back this Hostage nullifies this advantageos defence. Did Robb never ask anyone why Balons son was raised among them? he seems to have little to none education on war, history, politics or relations between the ruling families.Im not going to defend Theons actions at winterfell, by that point he was pretty much desperatly trying to prove himself by killing people he had known all his life to impress ironborn warriors that he had known for a few months and none of them had shown him anything but contempt and disrespect when they first met, despite Theon being the only son of their paramount lord.Taking winterfell was completley optional and some of his actions there were impossible to defend by todays ethics and even if some of them were actually not his idea, he ordered them to be carried out. but taking winterfell was of course highly attractive in theons eyes since he thought it would prove to his father both his strategical effieciency and finally prove his loyalty to his familiy by defiling the Stark seat.Apart from that, theon had no choice but to take part of his fathers war campaign, and the whole thing could be avoided if Robb spent a little more time thinking his decisions through and consulting advisors before going with risky impulsive ideas.No one's saying Robb's not an idiot sometimes.  That has no bearing on anything to do with whether or not theon turned his back on the king he swore himself to serve.
4573	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Wich once again proves that he is stupid or at least ignorant. i cant see how Robb Stark doesnt know about Balons hatred for his house when "Outsiders" like Tyrion Lannister does it. Did Ned never tell him about the Greyjoy rebellion? Did Robb never ask? Did Maester Luwin forget to educate him on what happened to two of balons sons during the rebellion? or does robb just simply think this is all water under the brige? It also proves that he doesnt understand the concept of a hostage, wich was used frequently during this time period to prevent an old enemy from going to war against you again. Sending back this Hostage nullifies this advantageos defence. Did Robb never ask anyone why Balons son was raised among them? he seems to have little to none education on war, history, politics or relations between the ruling families.Im not going to defend Theons actions at winterfell, by that point he was pretty much desperatly trying to prove himself by killing people he had known all his life to impress ironborn warriors that he had known for a few months and none of them had shown him anything but contempt and disrespect when they first met, despite Theon being the only son of their paramount lord.Taking winterfell was completley optional and some of his actions there were impossible to defend by todays ethics and even if some of them were actually not his idea, he ordered them to be carried out. but taking winterfell was of course highly attractive in theons eyes since he thought it would prove to his father both his strategical effieciency and finally prove his loyalty to his familiy by defiling the Stark seat.Apart from that, theon had no choice but to take part of his fathers war campaign, and the whole thing could be avoided if Robb spent a little more time thinking his decisions through and consulting advisors before going with risky impulsive ideas.Theon is not hated for listening to his father. He's hated for taking WF, supposedly killing Robb's heirs, supposedly burning Winterfell, he kills his teachers, etc.If Theon's duty is to his House then he shouldn't pledge fealty without consent from his Lord.
4574	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	It doesn't matter because he turned his cloak on his King. If you're father tells you to rebel against the throne then you're still a traitor to the throne. How is this not absolutely clear.Robb was never the king of the Iron Islands, so technically he could only be theons king as long as he was in the north or fighting alongside robbs army and volounterly accepted Robb as his King. Even if Theon genuinley wanted robb for his king, wich i dont doubt, the day he returned to pyke and Balon declared himself the King of the Iron Islands, Balon became theons father AND king at the same time, so according to both gods and men theon was bound to serve his newley crowned King by every law in the seven kingdoms.
4575	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Robb was never the king of the Iron Islands, so technically he could only be theons king as long as he was in the north or fighting alongside robbs army and volounterly accepted Robb as his King. Even if Theon genuinley wanted robb for his king, wich i dont doubt, the day he returned to pyke and Balon declared himself the King of the Iron Islands, Balon became theons father AND king at the same time, so according to both gods and men theon was bound to serve his newley crowned King by every law in the seven kingdoms.I'm sure this is why Theon feels guilty about it all and wishes he died with Robb.
4576	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Wich once again proves that he is stupid or at least ignorant. i cant see how Robb Stark doesnt know about Balons hatred for his house when "Outsiders" like Tyrion Lannister does it. Did Ned never tell him about the Greyjoy rebellion? Did Robb never ask? Did Maester Luwin forget to educate him on what happened to two of balons sons during the rebellion? or does robb just simply think this is all water under the brige? It also proves that he doesnt understand the concept of a hostage, wich was used frequently during this time period to prevent an old enemy from going to war against you again. Sending back this Hostage nullifies this advantageos defence. Did Robb never ask anyone why Balons son was raised among them? he seems to have little to none education on war, history, politics or relations between the ruling families.Im not going to defend Theons actions at winterfell, by that point he was pretty much desperatly trying to prove himself by killing people he had known all his life to impress ironborn warriors that he had known for a few months and none of them had shown him anything but contempt and disrespect when they first met, despite Theon being the only son of their paramount lord.Taking winterfell was completley optional and some of his actions there were impossible to defend by todays ethics and even if some of them were actually not his idea, he ordered them to be carried out. but taking winterfell was of course highly attractive in theons eyes since he thought it would prove to his father both his strategical effieciency and finally prove his loyalty to his familiy by defiling the Stark seat.Apart from that, theon had no choice but to take part of his fathers war campaign, and the whole thing could be avoided if Robb spent a little more time thinking his decisions through and consulting advisors before going with risky impulsive ideas.1) Robb: Stupid. A stupid boy who thought he could trust this other boy he grew up with and and sworn to him. Stupid yes, arrogant no.2) Today's ethics - just to clarify, are you saying the murder of the orphans is justifiable under the ethics of a medieval society? Just need to clarify that point.3) The taking of Winterfell - utterly stupid on strategic grounds. Supply lines too long and unsupportable as explained by his sister. Contempt from the Iron Born for the move is completely justifiable. It is as stupid a move as Robb's was to send him to Balon.
4577	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	Robb was never the king of the Iron Islands, so technically he could only be theons king as long as he was in the north or fighting alongside robbs army and volounterly accepted Robb as his King. Even if Theon genuinley wanted robb for his king, wich i dont doubt, the day he returned to pyke and Balon declared himself the King of the Iron Islands, Balon became theons father AND king at the same time, so according to both gods and men theon was bound to serve his newley crowned King by every law in the seven kingdoms.So he did or didnt break an oath?
4578	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	I'm sure this is why Theon feels guilty about it all and wishes he died with Robb.I agree, The Starks where the kindest people poor Theon ever met. Some of them might not be the smartest people around, but they welcomed him into his household despite that his father waged war against them, and Robb was truly the brother he never had. If it was not for that rushed and poorly thought out trip to pyke, he would probably have died among them at the Twins, IF the red wedding even would have happened if the ironborn led by theon didnt take Winterfell and allegadly kill Robbs Brothers and burn the castle down, causing Robb to lose his composure and break his marriage pact. its a really tragic tale
4579	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I agree, The Starks where the kindest people poor Theon ever met. Some of them might not be the smartest people around, but they welcomed him into his household despite that his father waged war against them, and Robb was truly the brother he never had. If it was not for that rushed and poorly thought out trip to pyke, he would probably have died among them at the Twins, IF the red wedding even would have happened if the ironborn led by theon didnt take Winterfell and allegadly kill Robbs Brothers and burn the castle down, causing Robb to lose his composure and break his marriage pact. its a really tragic taleNot how it happened in the show.  Robb broke his marriage pact before her found out about winterfell.
4580	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	So he did or didnt break an oath?From a total stark perspective, he did break his oath to Robb.From an unbiased, larger perspective, he first accepted Robb as King, who sent him back to his homelands to deliver a not-so-well-thought out proposal to his paramount lord father, trying to get the one house in westeros that hates the Starks as much or even more than the Lannisters to join with them in an alliance against the crown. And it also just happened to be that Balon had declared himself a King aswell, wich sadly made him Theons rightful king both by Land and Blood. And since theon, the starks prior hostage, had been delivered straight to Balons door without thinking it through forst, there was now nothing to stop the ironmen from raiding and pillaging the north. Its a really tragic tale, wich is what makes Theon such an interesting character.Theon traveled to his home islands on the orders of King Robb, only to find out that his father had also crowned himself King himself. Thats a pretty sticky situation, one of the kings is your best friend while the other one is your father whose lands and titles you are meant to inheirit. Whatever side you choose, you betray the other part and you will most likely have feelings of regret no matter wich side you choose. But the law and thousands of years of tradition leaves little room for this choice anyways since a son should always obey his father, especially if he calls himself a king.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 15 April 2013 - 08:01 PM.
4581	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	...Can you please clarify that you are appealing to the standards of medieval ethics with regard to the orphans.
4582	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Not how it happened in the show.  Robb broke his marriage pact before her found out about winterfell.But thats how it happened in the Books, after the reports of Bran and Rickons alleged deaths, Robb is overcome with grief and loses his composure of honour, and seeks comfort by bedding the gentle Jeyne Westerling, whom he latter marries to save her honour. correct me if i am wrong havent read Storm o Swords since 2010
4583	Mladen	2013-04-15	From a total stark perspective, he did break his oath to Robb.From an unbiased, larger perspective, he first accepted Robb as King, who sent him back to his homelands to deliver a not-so-well-thought out proposal to his paramount lord father, trying to get the one house in westeros that hates the Starks as much or even more than the Lannisters to join with them in an alliance against the crown. And it also just happened to be that Balon had declared himself a King aswell, wich sadly made him Theons rightful king both by Land and Blood. And since theon, the starks prior hostage, had been delivered straight to Balons door without thinking it through forst, there was now nothing to stop the ironmen from raiding and pillaging the north. Its a really tragic tale, wich is what makes Theon such an interesting character.Theon traveled to his home islands on the orders of King Robb, only to find out that his father had also crowned himself King himself. Thats a pretty sticky situation, one of the kings is your best friend while the other one is your father whose lands and titles you are meant to inheirit. Whatever side you choose, you betray the other part and you will most likely have feelings of regret no matter wich side you choose. But the law and thousands of years of tradition leaves little room for this choice anyways since a son should always obey his father, especially if he calls himself a king.Son should obbey his father, but he should never break his word. I am sorry, but I can`t see plausible reason for me to believe that Theon hadn`t betrayed Robb from any perspective. Ned and Cat wasn`t maybe the kindest people to Theon, but Robb trusted him like ahe would trust a brother. And that`s why Theon is turncloak. Not because he obbeyed his father or did what any son would do, it`s because he totally turned against Robb whom he was friend with, and attacked Winterfell, and in the eyes of everyone, killed and burned 2 boys he shared bread and salt with.
4584	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Can you please clarify that you are appealing to the standards of medieval ethics with regard to the orphans.well i can only speak about my personal opinion, but i think that killing innocent children, regardless if its 2013 or 6000BC or anywhere between, is an evil, repulsive act - perhaps the most repulsive and inhuman thing you can possibly do. i skip past the gory/violent parts of many episode (never managed to see through jofferys whore scene)BUT, after spending a few years studying history and historical warfare, i can tell you that there have been eras in many parts of the world where these artrocities have been practised without punishment neither from court, church or king. just a few prominent examples: 1200-1500 Great Brittain and most of central europe, 1200-1600 Japan,  the early maya and inca civilizations where its somewhat disputed to wich extent and for how long the practice of sacrifising newborns to recieve the gods blessing was practiced, but we know that it happened. Germany 1930-1940... My fathers great uncle died in a camp at 14 years old.My point is that during different time periods and different parts of the world, these things have happened quite reguarly. Im not saying that i support it in any way, im just pointing out that apparently, people have always been capable of brutal, horrific violence. different eras seem to have had different zeitgeists where it was easy to get away with these horrid acts for as long as you had god/the king/right social class/simple military supremacy on your side. In europe it was particularly common for Nobles, "Pretenders" and even Kings who fell out of popularity to be murdered in the most gruesome ways, and those who did it got away. sometimes with lands and titles, and the people seemed to welcome that the incompetent king finally got what he deserved, or that upstart Noble was cut in 8 pieces in the middle of the battlefield and each part was sent to his main lieutanants and supporters, to show the ursurpers what happens to those who challange the crown. Just like in Game of thrones, people wrote ballads about these violent and horrific happenings. In Feudal Japan there are many reports of Warriors slicing up little children simply for getting in their way or not "showing proper respect for the warrior class". Im sure people were horrified, like i would be, but this was simply a part of life in these periouds, certain factions gained uncontested power and could do whatever they wanted regardless of what anyone thought. Violence ruled the world during this era, and if you where just a simple merchant you did not even want to look a samurai in the eyes, because he might take it as a slight and cut your head off in one swift move.Again im just using a few examples here and im not defending any of these acts, im just pointing out that they have happened, many times through history, and the most violent/destructive factions have generarlly dictated the rules of society, and when violence rules, it breeds more violence from other factions. if you just browse through some history pages about the royal house of brittain (or pretty much any royal house in europe or aisa) between the dark ages and the reniasennce you will find that its filled with brutal murder, torture, mutilation and decapitation  between brothers, cousins, sometimes even mothers having their and sons brutally killed. This is the sort of time period in wich game of thrones takes place, except with fantasy elements. The history of royal house plantagenet and the war that followed their rule between the two most prominant surviving cadet branches, called the "War of the Roses" (wich the first book in the series was heavily inspired by) is filled with murders of innocent children to remove them from the line of succesion, exiled kings getting killed because of their sexual orientation by a burning poker in their anus, Young Princes using contacts at court to arrange their brothers to be locked into towers to starve so that the young one could skip ahead in the line of succesion, prehistoric living sacrifice of both infants and newborn babies aswell as Virgins and young girls. 60000 innocent women being tortured and killed after being accused of being witches spreading the black death...history is full of dark memories. im glad that we live in this modern age, but you kinda have to accept that Game of Thrones takes place in a different time period where the feudal lords with power could do pretty much whatever they wanted, and "making examples" out of enemies was a common principle. Good examples of this in game of thrones is Aerys II, Gregor, Clegane, Joffery, Roose and Ramsay Bolton, Theon after he lost his mind and so on. the only family with a set of moral principles are The Starks, and the Tyrells and other nobles of the reach, save for Randyll Tarly, seem pretty elegant and peaceful.
4585	Mladen	2013-04-15	well i can only speak about my personal opinion, but i think that killing innocent children, regardless if its 2013 or 6000BC or anywhere between, is an evil, repulsive act - perhaps the most repulsive and inhuman thing you can possibly do. i skip past the gory/violent parts of many episode (never managed to see through jofferys whore scene)BUT, after spending a few years studying history and historical warfare, i can tell you that there have been eras in many parts of the world where these artrocities have been practised without punishment neither from court, church or king. just a few prominent examples: 1200-1500 Great Brittain and most of central europe, 1200-1600 Japan,  the early maya and inca civilizations where its somewhat disputed to wich extent and for how long the practice of sacrifising newborns to recieve the gods blessing was practiced, but we know that it happened. Germany 1930-1940... My fathers great uncle died in a camp at 14 years old.First, I have to say I really love your post. It`s quite interesting to read, and most informative. But, this isn`t about killing children. We know of Unsullied and Gregor`s case. We all know the cases where children would end up dead. And, sadly, like you pointed out, there were times in history when killing babies wasn`t such great crime. It wasn`t even called attrocity, as long as it served its purpose.Theon`s story isn`t just about killing 2 innocent children. It`s more than that. And I understand people who call him turncloak, for I understand the perspective they are watching him from. He was raised in Winterfell, was fed by the food they all ate, he played with them and he was taken care of. Starks were his family. Just as Ned and Robert looked at Jon Arryn as member of their family. Just like Olyvar Frey hadn`t participated in RW. Family isn`t just the people we share blood with, it`s those that we know and feel love for them. And that`s why Theon is turncloak. Not because others see him as one, than because he betrayed people he loved. And he did loved Starks. We at least know that.
4586	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Son should obbey his father, but he should never break his word. I am sorry, but I can`t see plausible reason for me to believe that Theon hadn`t betrayed Robb from any perspective. Ned and Cat wasn`t maybe the kindest people to Theon, but Robb trusted him like ahe would trust a brother. And that`s why Theon is turncloak. Not because he obbeyed his father or did what any son would do, it`s because he totally turned against Robb whom he was friend with, and attacked Winterfell, and in the eyes of everyone, killed and burned 2 boys he shared bread and salt with.1. You are right2. BUT, of course, theon was in a lose-lose scenario. King Robb sent him to Pyke with a (lets be honest, embarasingly bad plan and proposal that he and theon had come up with just to get the plot going, i knew instantly that it was not going to work because apparently everyone knows how much Balon hates the starks except for King Robb Stark. whatever, lets stop talking about robb now) and by this time Theons father had also named himself king of the Iron islands, so it basicly came down to the king who is your best friend and thinks of you as a brother and his most loyal companion, or the king who shares your blood and was one of the two individuals who brought you into the world.No matter what side he chooses (even if the laws of men says that it is his duty to obey his father and bring glory to his house, but we will look past those tiresome laws and traditions and simply answer your question) he will be a turncloak to one part.1. Had he sided with Robb, he would have brought great dishonour to his house by robbing his father of his male heir in favor of serving the STARK family wich is not very popular on the iron islands. a big dishonor for the grejoy family to have their only male heir turned into a Stark lackey. This would mean that his value as a hostage would dissapear since he has openly sided with the Starks, so they can stil start their invasion, and it might be even wiser to keep theon in a cell so he wont be able to bring Robb any information. this is of course pure speculation but who knows what would have happened to theon if he just told the old kraken to fuck off, im with the king of the north?2. Theon sides with Balon because he craves his and the ironmens approval, (as we know) he becomes a prince of the iron islands but nobody gives him the respect a prince from the mainland would recieve. This convinces him further that he has to prove himself by doing something spectacular, taking the heart of the north. we all know how this ends, and its a sad storry for Theon, Rodrick, Luwin, Theons Ironborn soldiers, the orphan farmboys, and pretty much everyone involved.but my point remains, regardless wich side he picked, he would have been regarded as a turncloak from the other side and turncloak and bloodtraitor by the other. Its pretty hard to say whats worse, betraying your "adoptive brother" and best friend, or betraying your father and family, when both claim to be kings.
4587	Mladen	2013-04-15	BUT, of course, theon was in a lose-lose scenario. Ah, Antigona`s tragic quilt. I like the concept, and I couldn`t agree more. Whatever he had done, he would be dismayed by someone. Poor Theon, he wanted family and love, and now he has none. He is tragic character on so many levels, that`s why I think it wasn`t justice what Ramsay had done to him.As for `turncloak` term, I understand the reasoning, but for me, Theon betrayed himself. And the day he killed those two boys, he lost himself. In the show, there is a brilliant line. The last words of Rodrick Cassel - `Gods save you, Theon Greyjoy, for now you`re truly lost`. And, that depicts Theon`s storyline from that moment until Reek and his escape from Winterfell.
4588	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Theon`s story isn`t just about killing 2 innocent children. It`s more than that. And I understand people who call him turncloak, for I understand the perspective they are watching him from. He was raised in Winterfell, was fed by the food they all ate, he played with them and he was taken care of. Starks were his family. Just as Ned and Robert looked at Jon Arryn as member of their family. Just like Olyvar Frey hadn`t participated in RW. Family isn`t just the people we share blood with, it`s those that we know and feel love for them. And that`s why Theon is turncloak. Not because others see him as one, than because he betrayed people he loved. And he did loved Starks. We at least know that.Agree, and this is why his trip to Pyke was such a tragic, bad idea. The Naive Theon thought his father would throw the biggest welcome party the iron islands had ever seen upon his return, but was instead met with scorn because he had forgot his ironborn identity and culture, and Robb never considered to ask someone about why Balon raged a rebellion, why his last son grew up among his family as a hostage, or what Balon thought about the starks in general. Almost every Noble from his fathers generation or older should know about the death of the greyjoy sons at the hands of stark men, and that combined with the fact that his father had to demand Balons last son as a hostage to guarantee that the Iron I would be peaceful should really have been enough information to throw this idea out of the window and keep theon as far away from balon as possible. i sorta blame both for being naive and not digging into the past before acting on their impulse.
4589	Mladen	2013-04-15	Agree, and this is why his trip to Pyke was such a tragic, bad idea. The Naive Theon thought his father would throw the biggest welcome party the iron islands had ever seen upon his return, but was instead met with scorn because he had forgot his ironborn identity and culture, and Robb never considered to ask someone about why Balon raged a rebellion, why his last son grew up among his family as a hostage, or what Balon thought about the starks in general. Almost every Noble from his fathers generation or older should know about the death of the greyjoy sons at the hands of stark men, and that combined with the fact that his father had to demand Balons last son as a hostage to guarantee that the Iron I would be peaceful should really have been enough information to throw this idea out of the window and keep theon as far away from balon as possible. i sorta blame both for being naive and not digging into the past before acting on their impulse.Well, Ned hadn`t killed Theon`s brothers. Lord Jason Mallister, I think, killed one, and the other was killed by unknown man. So, Balon was exaggerating when he said that wolves killed his sons.
4590	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Thanks for the Correction. I just want to point out that its easy to call Theon a "Turncloak" because we saw him getting along well with the starks for most of the series, but remember that particularly in the series there are many scenes (with ros for example) where he talks about his home and his future as lord of pyke. I interpreted this that while he enjoyed being around the Starks, Theon has a slightly arrogant, narcisstic side that has issues with being a lord and a hostage at the same time, because it simply hurts his pride. he also seems to have a naive, completley unrealistic concept of the Iron Islands being a place straight out of the fairytales where only the hardest men in the world live, and that his house, despite its many failed rebellions and poor resources, is one of the most intimidating houses in the seven kingdoms. his ignorant comment from the series when talking about tyrion to ros "We have been lords of the iron islands for 300 years (a very short time compared to Stark, Lannister, and Arryn who trace their line directly from the first men or the age of heroes, thousands of years ago) there is not a family in westeros that can look down on us, not even the lannisters!" kinda shows how ignorant he is, and makes you wonder if he really knows that the ironborn are far past their prime when they controlled huge areas of the mainlands and are now stuck on the  iron islands wich are just a bunch of small rocky islands with hardly no valuable resources at all.Thats why i find Theon such a well written, almost shakespearian character. he started of as a handsome, ambitious and loyal man who wanted to help his adoptive brother, but ended up having to sacrifise his loved ones for a chance for glory under his bitter, condemning and half-mad father, with his strong ambition to prove himself to his native people ultimately costing him more than he ever imagined, including parts of his soul and identety, and ultimately he was turned into mutilated freak living amonst rats who could barely even remember his name, with both body and soul destroyed beyond repair. Altough i do still wish for his death, it is now maybe more out of sympathy and mercy than hate and lust for revenge. Either way there is no salvation for "Prince Greyjoy"he is a good portrayal of the tragic naive opportunist who is proud to the point of ignorance and who seeks to be in control but always end up being manipulated by worse and worse people.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 15 April 2013 - 11:08 PM.
4591	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	well i can only speak about my personal opinion, but i think that killing innocent children, regardless if its 2013 or 6000BC or anywhere between, is an evil, repulsive actJust to clarify: I never meant to intimate that you would actually think otherwise. I apologise if that is how it sounded.As to your piece. Excellent post. If there was a kudos button, I would be hitting it.With regards to the list of areas and times when brutality occurred, you can add the Roman Empire during the medieval period and the lead up to it (yeah, that bit that is quite falsely labelled the Byzantine Empire by the German 'Holy Roman Empire' revisionists). Rather than outright execution, it was almost standard practice for facial mutilation of pretenders and those expelled from the throne. Gelding was rarer but not unheard of. England and France had their policy of holding high born prisoners for ransom, but the rest of the civilised world was less accommodating.When the Vikings and Northmen unleashed across Europe, North Africa, the Russias and to the gates of Constantinople itself, they discovered this wonderful system of government invented by Emperor Diocletian already in place called feudalism. This meant they owned all the peasants in the lands they settled. The wealth they earned allowed them to set up two very powerful kingdoms, England and southern Italy. But it also entrenched the practice of abuse of the peasants. Simple to do. They were property with no legal rights. Especially difficult for the peasants because they were Gauls and Anglo-Saxons being ruled by the Germanic Franks and the Norse.Which leads me to this:history is full of dark memories. im glad that we live in this modern age, but you kinda have to accept that Game of Thrones takes place in a different time period where the feudal lords with power could do pretty much whatever they wanted, and "making examples" out of enemies was a common principle. Good examples of this in game of thrones is Aerys II, Gregor, Clegane, Joffery, Roose and Ramsay Bolton, Theon after he lost his mind and so on. the only family with a set of moral principles are The Starks, and the Tyrells and other nobles of the reach, save for Randyll Tarly, seem pretty elegant and peaceful.I do accept that the milieu of a 'Medieval' world is what we are dealing with in Game of Thrones and that we have to accept an alien ethical code compared to what we are fortunate to live under in many places of the world today. Part of that acceptance is to recognise that there is a different ethical code operating with regard to the treatment of the lower classes in general and the orphans in particular.But once you make that justification, then you also must accept the totality of the Medieval ethical milieu that this fantasy series operates in. Under this same regime, and as you have stated in historical cases, brutality and torture of high-born persons is accepted practice. There was no Geneva Convention for the treatment of POWs. Torture for the purposes of interrogation was absolutely standard practice under the system and Theon's treatment thus far is perfectly justified in this world. You can't appeal to Medieval ethics in the case of the orphans, then deny it in the case of Theon's initial violent interrogation as represented in the show.Everything from here on in is not justified though. And that is the art of GRRMs work. It makes people wonder where the line was that they crossed before they realise they might have gone too far with support the maltreatment of Theon. I do not support the treatment he has had so far - he should have got the chop - but it is justified within this world.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Desmond Wine's Bane, 15 April 2013 - 11:07 PM.
4592	Maester Ruin	2013-04-15	Everything from here on in is not justified though. And that is the art of GRRMs work. It makes people wonder where the line was that they crossed before they realise they might have gone too far with support the maltreatment of Theon. I do not support the treatment he has had so far - he should have got the chop - but it is justified within this world.i strongly agree, mainly because Ramsay is the last person in the world who should be given the authority to punish him. Robb Demanded Theon to be brought before him, and altough i find the reek storyline interesting because its just twisted and definitely crossed the line so far in the series, a final confrontation between robb and theon before the RW could have been satisfying. there are a lot of emotions at stake there, Robb who feels betrayed by his best friend and want to extract vengeance, while Theon realize during his final moments that the starks probably loved and understood him better than his own mad father who only cared about restoring the "old ways of the ironborn"  wich deep down never suited Theon. Its not until Robb raises his sword over theons neck that he finally realizes that he had everything he wished for right here, and that he was brought up as a Stark of Winterfell and not a Greyjoy, but that it is long too late to turn back and undo what he has done. Perhaps he would accept the sword piercing through his neck, knowing that Robb is swinging it, allowing him to finally repent for his sins in front of the man he betrayed and hurt the most. Maybe there is nothing closer to true justice in a world like this...
4593	Sand Snake of Dorne	2013-04-16	Poor Theon, naive Theon... Lilly Allen's brother is cute all right, but come on guys... Did or didn't him betrayed Robb??? On the boat, f*ucking the captains' daughter he was already turning his cloak... Guy is a piece of shit that happen to still be alive, probably to serve as some Gollum-type in the plot.
4594	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	Poor Theon, naive Theon... Lilly Allen's brother is cute all right, but come on guys... Did or didn't him betrayed Robb??? On the boat, f*ucking the captains' daughter he was already turning his cloak... Guy is a piece of shit that happen to still be alive, probably to serve as some Gollum-type in the plot.lets just say that Theon should never had been sent off to pyke. it was a stupid, uneducated and rushed idea, and both Theon and Robb are equaly guilty. there where so many things they could have done to avoid all this:1. Robb could have listened to his mother who knows a fair bit about Balon Greyjoy2. He could have asked his bannermen who served under Eddard about the Greyjoy Rebellion3. Look up the word "Hostage" in a dictionary and learn that if youre given the defeated rebells sonto ensure that a rival lord will cease to raid and harass you, it might not be a very good idea to send that hostage back to his father4. Dig around and try to find out a little bit more about what Balon Greyjoy thinks about the Starks, if it turns out that he lost two sonsto northernmen and had to send his last living heir to winterfell, chances are that he probably doesnt like house stark very much5. Being born the heir to a paramount lord himself, Robb probably learnt early on that it is the duty of a son to obey lord his father in whatever he is doing, and help bring glory to your house .then simply add togheter the facts that Balon hates the starks, sending your hostage Theon to pyke would not only cost you your easy safety from their coastal raids but also put Theon in a position where he has to obey his father, who wants every stark dead because he blames the north for the death of two of his sons...yeah maybe that idea wasnt that good after all...
4595	Sand Snake of Dorne	2013-04-16	.then simply add togheter the facts that Balon hates the starks, sending your hostage Theon to pyke would not only cost you your easy safety from their coastal raids but also put Theon in a position where he has to obey his father, who wants every stark dead because he blames the north for the death of two of his sons...yeah maybe that idea wasnt that good after all...Ok, you obviously LOVE Theon character, and it's your right of course... To me, this "had to obey his father" line of thought is just messed up. As I was saying, in the boat, going to Pyke all he could think about was glory and (his own) greatness in this war. His sister prank on the horse is only possible because she perceives and plays with his big, big ego. He disobeys his father, going to Winterfell because of this, because he is a shity, proud, egocentric young man who thinks he is able to do anything. 
							Edited by Sand Snake of Dorne, 16 April 2013 - 05:53 AM.
4596	Ponys123	2013-04-16	Theon is simply a pathetic loser, which makes his character great. Theon wasn't even following Balon's orders, he wasn't supposed to sack Winterfell, but go to the Stony Shore.It is completely unfair what is being done to him, but he put himself in that position in the first place.Theon actually did quite the right thing, at least originally. His father gave him negligible orders, because Ironmen are supposed to prove their mettle in battle, not rely on their birth. Had he taken Winterfell and carried the Stark boys back as hostages, he would've won glory, a place in the IB high command, and likely a chance to inherit the trone. His only real mistake was trying to hold the castle.
					
					
							Edited by Ponys123, 16 April 2013 - 10:01 AM.
4597	BananaSpice	2013-04-16	Theon actually did quite the right thing, at least originally. His father gave him negligible orders, because Ironmen are supposed to prove their mettle in battle, not rely on their birth.Had he taken Winterfell and carried the Stark boys back as hostages, he would've won glory, a place in the IB high command, and likely a chance to inherit the trone. His only real mistake was trying to hold the castle.Completely agree, and that's part of his tragic psychology ... the only reason he tries to stay and hold the castle is b/c he still sees Winterfell as his home (even if he doesn't realize it at that point) ... he's trying to be a Stark, and failing miserably.
4598	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-16	Completely agree, and that's part of his tragic psychology ... the only reason he tries to stay and hold the castle is b/c he still sees Winterfell as his home (even if he doesn't realize it at that point) ... he's trying to be a Stark, and failing miserably.Bingo
4599	Maester Ruin	2013-04-16	Ok, you obviously LOVE Theon character, and it's your right of course... To me, this "had to obey his father" line of thought is just messed up. As I was saying, in the boat, going to Pyke all he could think about was glory and (his own) greatness in this war. His sister prank on the horse is only possible because she perceives and plays with his big, big ego. He disobeys his father, going to Winterfell because of this, because he is a shity, proud, egocentric young man who thinks he is able to do anything.i dont love theon. im just pointing out how stupid robb was and that according to feudal law, a son must always obey his noble father. to "do things their own way" is how the ironborn proves themselves in raids and it had nothing to do with disobeying his father. he was actually really succesful in taking winterfell and Balon would not have objected, the problem is that he tried to keep it instead of taking the stark boys back to pyke as hostages, as others have pointed out.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 16 April 2013 - 11:48 AM.
4600	ShigellaSand	2013-04-16	Theon actually did quite the right thing, at least originally. His father gave him negligible orders, because Ironmen are supposed to prove their mettle in battle, not rely on their birth.Had he taken Winterfell and carried the Stark boys back as hostages, he would've won glory, a place in the IB high command, and likely a chance to inherit the trone. His only real mistake was trying to hold the castle.Interesting idea. I just feel I should point out that taking two young boys (one of them crippled) from Winterfell to the shore with most of the North on your tail - or busy burning the ships you arrived on - might not have been the easiest thing in the world. In the show, of course, he could've gone with Asha Yara, but even so it would've meant a lot of people chasing them. Unless he killed everyone in Winterfell...
4601	episodenone	2013-04-16	Thank you. English isn`t my first language and sometimes I make these mistakes. I`ll correct immediately.Ah -- no worries.  Didn't know it was your 2nd -- I am sure you are a lot better at your 2nd language than I am!
4602	teratomatastic	2013-04-15	What the in the seven hells was that monstrosity?  The song was so jarring and completely out of character for GoT that I thought the channel had been changed.  Then I remembered I was watching it on my computer.
Is anyone else as pissed off about it as I am?
4603	alienlefay	2013-04-15	I am! I had the exact same reaction! What in seven hells where they thinking?!
4604	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	If you were watching an illegal copy then the sound sync was out by a considerable amount. The music is not supposed to start until a blank pause after the incident.
4605	Southron_Ambitions	2013-04-15	Very out of place, poor decision but it seems to me that they are making more and more poor decisions with the adaption of this show with every knew episode.
4606	Penguin king	2013-04-15	It was a little Jarring. Not totally out of place, but not really fitting for the episode.
4607	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	What the in the seven hells was that monstrosity?  The song was so jarring and completely out of character for GoT that I thought the channel had been changed.  Then I remembered I was watching it on my computer.Is anyone else as pissed off about it as I am?YES. But some people apparently liked it, can't imagine why.
4608	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I loved it, actually -- it's come up on another thread or two, and I've commented on it there already, so I'll keep it simple.  Jarred to death initially but ended up seeing it as brilliant, genius...
4609	juanml82	2013-04-15	This season is playing with something some pretty well known someone (whose name I don't recall) wrote about WWII which, IIRC, is 'banalization of evil' or something along those lines. There might be someone reading this who'll correct all what I'm writing.. IE: the idea that a gestapo torturer can be seen, outside a gestapo prison, tending his garden, taking care of his kids, etc, as any next door neighbor. So if you don't know what his 'job' is, he's just an average, maybe even likable, guy.
Check Locke's band: they are introduced as jolly happy singers in this chapter, having a stroll through the woods. And, as they sing, they are planning rape, torture and mutilation, and probably done it before as well.
I think the song aims in that direction. Check this season trailer again.
4610	Daske	2013-04-15	they are making more and more poor decisions with the adaption of this show with every knew episode.Surly you new that anyone can make a mistake.
4611	dubq	2013-04-15	Wow really? We really needed a thread to complain about THIS of all things? A song playing over a black screen with words on it? Did it take away from your reading the names of the grips on set? Jesus, you people...
4612	Dove	2013-04-15	I think the song aims in that direction. Check this season trailer again.This is a good point, and a lot of the scenes this season tie into that.It reminds me of another show of HBO's, actually... Sopranos. They were heavily influenced by the same idea. Apparently the writers took a lot of inspiration from a tapped conversation between two mobsters where they were casually disposing of (murdered) bodies while they were discussing their kids' softball game. That same dissonance was used to good effect, but I can understand how the modernity of the credits would take some people out of it.
4613	KingWolf	2013-04-15	Im not bothered by it because it was in the credits.If it was playing during the show id be mad as well but the show was over anyway so im not mad.
4614	Gdlavery	2013-04-15	Completely agree, thought the track was ill-fitting with the series in general and particularly with the final scene of the episode. It's a shame because I thought the National did a really good job with 'The Rains Of Castamere'.It wasn't the modern sound of the music that was so jarring but its punky, jovial nature in immediate contrast with the quite shocking events of the scene. In fact, I think the song's spirit suited the song pretty well but it didn't sit well with the episode. If only they'd tampered with the song's intro a little perhaps.Wow really? We really needed a thread to complain about THIS of all things? A song playing over a black screen with words on it? Did it take away from your reading the names of the grips on set? Jesus, you people...It might seem trivial but the cut to credits is actually pretty important. Especially if the final scene of an episode is hard-hitting. I can remember sitting and feeling really affected by some final scenes and cut to credits watching The Wire, they used to nail it so well sometimes.Just to clarify after all my negativity, I thought the episode in general was fantastic and the song didn't ruin anything for me at all. Just, as has been said, a little out of place.
					
					
							Edited by Gdlavery, 15 April 2013 - 07:25 PM.
4615	MoAt	2013-04-15	I think everyone who felt it was jarring are missing the point that that was exactly the way you were supposed to feel. Sort of like Jamie losing his hand. I thought it was brilliant.
4616	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I think everyone who felt it was jarring are missing the point that that was exactly the way you were supposed to feel. Sort of like Jamie losing his hand. I thought it was brilliant.Eh, it just took me totally out of the immersive experience of Westeros and the story and reminded me I was watching a TV show produced by people at HBO in a time that punk rock exists, I doubt that was the intended effect.
4617	Gdlavery	2013-04-15	Eh, it just took me totally out of the immersive experience of Westeros and the story and reminded me I was watching a TV show produced by people at HBO in a time that punk rock exists, I doubt that was the intended effect. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> Precisely.
4618	lynxx	2013-04-15	The song about the bear and the maiden is very popular in Westeros.  Everybody knows it, from peasants to high court nobles.  I suspect it is basically a bawdy song.
In episode 3.3, I realized that is actually a marching song, roared out tunelessly.
4619	alwayswinter	2013-04-15	Absolutely loved it!
The song fit perfectly following that scene IMO. Obviously if that version had been used during the show it would've been ridiculous, but i couldn't think of a better way to follow that final scene. Kudos to whoever thought it up! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4620	polarbear	2013-04-15	Eh, it just took me totally out of the immersive experience of Westeros and the story and reminded me I was watching a TV show produced by people at HBO in a time that punk rock exists, I doubt that was the intended effect.I totally understand the immersive experience of watching GOT. But once the Credits start running, and you are looking at the names of actors and executive producers and the members of the "Dragon" Special Effects team, and Lena Headey's stunt double; you are no longer immersed in westeros. The song rocked.
4621	Jalapenohitchhiker	2013-04-16	I actually thought it was a pretty cool surprise. A good show needs to throw a few curve balls once in while, and what better way than to make a metal/punk version of every Westerosi's favorite song?
4622	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	TERRIBLE.
What's next, a new version of "Rock the Casbah." "Jamie don't like it.....Rock the Kingslayer, rock the Kingslayer..."
Or a hip hop version of "Rains of Castermere"?  "Yeah....yeah...and who are you, mutherf*cker, to make me bow so motherf*ckin' low....Casterly Rock up in the house, biatches!"
"A Knight's Tale" did so well with forcing modern songs into a medieval movie.
"You miss the point!  It was a supposed to be jarring!"  It was already jarring.  We don't need help from a song that doesn't fit telling us to be jarred.
Classic example of a show getting too cute for its own good.  Jumping the shark.
4623	LordStoneheart	2013-04-16	Classic example of a show getting too cute for its own good.  Jumping the shark.While I can understand the criticism of the music decision, even though I thought it was perfect, this statement is completely wrong. That is not was jumping the shark is at all. The music had nothing to do with the actual content of the episode. It was place it to further shock the views directly after a shocking event. That's not what jumping the shark means.
4624	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	Okay, the show itself isn't in decline, obviously, which is what "jumping the shark" indicates, but man, they at least pulled a Jar Jar Binks.  Unnecessary "cuteness" which almost ruins the whole thing.
That said, the music did have something to do with the content of the episode, as you yourself said - it was there to further shock us.  No, they didn't have guys with guitars jump out of the trees and actually play during the scene, but it was the next worst thing.  They added the music to "help" us feel Jaime's shock and pain, when we didn't need any help - the dialogue, acting, and directing of that final scene did it perfectly.  Instead it took us out of the show and ruined the suspension of disbelief, by saying, "Look how shocking this is!"
The whole thing reminded me of how True Blood end their episodes - Bloody death - followed by credits with...hey, it's a happy folk song!  'Cause we're not taking anything seriously...get it?
PLEASE D&D - no more "funny/shocking/cute/ironic" anachronistic songs.
					
					
							Edited by WinterisAlwaysComing, 16 April 2013 - 01:07 AM.
4625	bluemoon	2013-04-16	Wow really? We really needed a thread to complain about THIS of all things? A song playing over a black screen with words on it? Did it take away from your reading the names of the grips on set? Jesus, you people...^^
4626	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-16	It's not an uncommon trope, apparently.http://tvtropes.org/...sh/LiveActionTV
It was meant to be like that: to cause a shock after an already shocking scene: it's the perfect background music for all the confused people who ended up asking if he really got his hand cut? (for non readers, the severed hand was like Ned's losing his head: they didn't see it coming)
4627	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	Wow really? We really needed a thread to complain about THIS of all things? A song playing over a black screen with words on it? Did it take away from your reading the names of the grips on set? Jesus, you people...Exactly!  I also loved how Peter Jackson played C+C Music Factory's "Everybody Dance Now" at the end of Lord of the Rings: Return of the King.
4628	Khal Porno	2013-04-16	This is an aesthetic choice I did not care for.  It made me laugh like I'd been rickrolled, which I feel was totally inappropriate following the shot of Jaime's reaction to his severed hand.
I think silent credits would have accomplished the same thing they were trying to do with the music, but more effectively.
4629	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	While I can understand the criticism of the music decision, even though I thought it was perfect, this statement is completely wrong. That is not was jumping the shark is at all. The music had nothing to do with the actual content of the episode. It was place it to further shock the views directly after a shocking event. That's not what jumping the shark means.From a fan comment on HBO's website:End Credits is part of the show. "the Rains of Castamere" plays during the credits of episode 19(blackwater) is a stunning piece and serves an emotional purpose, but this rock version of"the bear and the maiden fair" just ruin the whole Jamie scene.
4630	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-16	How does it ruin the scene? It's not in the Jaime scene.
4631	bluemoon	2013-04-16	Just hope the 1st advert after is for dragon food otherwise its going to throw me out of of sinc
4632	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-16	I liked the contrast between the horror in Jamie's eyes and the music, surprised me too ... non-book readers were double shocked i think, seeing Jamie's hand cut off and then hearing the inappropiate music /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />) Maybe some were happy for what happened to Jamie ... as alot of viewers are hating him, but in time i think he'll become one of the most enjoyable characters on tv ... just like in the books
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 16 April 2013 - 04:35 AM.
4633	KingWolf	2013-04-16	Maybe some people were watching the lut og sync version where the music played during the scene with his hand getting chopped off.
4634	HouseLark	2013-04-16	Didn't ruin the episode but it was obviously a poor choice and a poor version - to me, it sounds like the theme tune to Malcolm in the Middle.
More importantly, the melody (both of The Hold Steady's version and that used during the episode) didn't have the cadence I would have expected from a medieval drinking song. It was too fast, like a shitty indie-rock-by-numbers tune. Poor all round.
4635	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-16	Eh, it just took me totally out of the immersive experience of Westeros and the story and reminded me I was watching a TV show produced by people at HBO in a time that punk rock exists, I doubt that was the intended effect.You realize the show was over at that point right? That immersion was no longer required? How did you feel about the end of Goodfellas when the Sid Vicious version of My Way comes on, since that's also out of place? Or did you shake your cane at the TV for that too, grumbling and gulping down Malox? You do not seem to be very hapy with very much going on with the show from the posts I've seen...why put yourself through the torture? Or are you just "that" forum guy?
					
					
							Edited by White Harbors Wrath, 16 April 2013 - 05:27 AM.
4636	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	It was kinda funny, in a Quentin Tarantino kind of way. At least I think he has a few movies where happy music is played while people are being mutilated. It's done with the intention of weirding you out. And as a victory song for the Northmen for finally giving Jaime his. The Lannisters can have victory songs, why not the Northmen?
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 April 2013 - 05:29 AM.
4637	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-16	Putting the song just behind the scene was good.
However I don't like the adaptation of the song - it does not fit. Compared to Rains of Castamere in Blackwater, we heard the song there first sunk by the soldiers and then in modern habit, but keeping with the spirit of the song. On the contrary here first we hear it as a bawdy popular song being used as marching song... And then we have something... Too fast to be really either. 
As for the argument "it's not in the scene", each scene is in a context. In Blackwater, the Rains of Castamere during credits were perfect underscore to the episode, here the effect was spoiled by a wrong song format.
4638	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-16	Nope.
4639	insertname	2013-04-16	Nope.Yes.See what I did there?Seriously, the argument that it's only the credits, so it has nothing to do with the episode is stupid. That would only make sense if the episode stopped right at the end, and you could manually watch the credits. But obviously, they roll on right after the end of the scene, so yes it has a very clear connection and it was really jarring. That was, of course, the intent of the whole thing - it's just that people either liked it or hated it. The simple fact that so many people are writing about this shows that it's NOT just a song that plays in the credits and has nothing to do with the episode. Personally, it didn't work at all for me and pulled down the Jaime scene, but I can see why they did it. Just hope they won't do it again.
4640	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-16	I hope they WILL do it again... But with better song version. The only thing I disliked was the Celtic Rock version as it really doesn't fit in with the spirit.
4641	Reposado	2013-04-16	You realize the show was over at that point right? That immersion was no longer required? How did you feel about the end of Goodfellas when the Sid Vicious version of My Way comes on, since that's also out of place? Or did you shake your cane at the TV for that too, grumbling and gulping down Malox? You do not seem to be very hapy with very much going on with the show from the posts I've seen...why put yourself through the torture? Or are you just "that" forum guy?you can like it, but you can't say that it doesn't matter because it was during the credits. if the credits didnt matter, then why do some shows carefully choose how the credits play out. look at every mad men credit song. they enhance the mood and play you out of the show, allow everything to sink in.to a lot of people, this was cheesy, hollywood, play a poppy song you can stick on the soundtrack
4642	Holy Sock	2013-04-16	So, as we know, Hoster Tully's funeral is a lot less comical in the book and there's a very sweet moment between the Blackfish and Edmure.
It would have been nice to see this moment play out but it's clear why they went with the more comical road. I think this moment between the Blackfish and Edmure would only really have worked if we'd been introduced to the two characters earlier. Because we weren't this scene has to establish their characters immediately, which it does very well.
We clearly see Edmure's incompetence and his brash actions in war. And the show firmly establishes the Blackfish's abilities, and his gruff yet wise demeanour. It would also have been a strange transition from a sombre scene with Edmure & Brynden to an antagonistic one with Robb.
It works very well with the small council chair scene. Establishing characters in a completely silent, yet comical, way.
I do hope, however, that before the Red Wedding we get to see a bit more of Edmure's sympathetic side. It would be a shame to simply have the character be the un-likeable black mark of the "heroes".
4643	just want to search	2013-04-15	if as they imply tormund goes instead of sigorn it means tormund dies this/next season?
it makes no sense that they introduced sigorn in the meeting with mance scene.
or are they planning some of the climbers to survive the fight of castle black?
what do you think?
4644	Northbound	2013-04-15	If they kill off Tormund, I'm going to flip out! He is vital to Jon's alliance with the Wildlings in aDwD and there after. Plus he is hilarious!!!
4645	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	Tormund isn't going to die.
Not this season, not next season. He will not die. Some other random wildling moron will die while climbing the wall.
4646	Arkash	2013-04-15	Even if he falls, his member will save him.
4647	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Tormund's safe -- he's much too essential in the books to come, plus nobody else can say "Har" quite the same way!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4648	Eogh	2013-04-15	Was that meant to be the Magnar in Mance's tent? I must have missed that bit.
4649	Young Nan	2013-04-15	Tormund's safe -- he's much too essential in the books to come, plus nobody else can say "Har" quite the same way!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I have a feeling that we aren't getting any "Har"s out of show Tormund.   He is so serious he makes Jon Snow seem upbeat.
4650	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	If Tormund dies...well I don't know what I will do with myself.  He cannot be killed.
4651	Reposado	2013-04-15	my money says tormund dies in the attack on castle black
4652	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-15	if as they imply tormund goes instead of sigorn it means tormund dies this/next season?it makes no sense that they introduced sigorn in the meeting with mance scene.or are they planning some of the climbers to survive the fight of castle black?what do you think?Tormond is more important to the story later on, having him lead the attack gives him more to do. I don't think they'll have Tormond die either, he'll keep his story from later on, he just gets more stuff to do now.
4653	Reposado	2013-04-15	Tormond is more important to the story later on, having him lead the attack gives him more to do. I don't think they'll have Tormond die either, he'll keep his story from later on, he just gets more stuff to do now.but anything that he has to do later, they could just give to someone else
4654	Holy Sock	2013-04-15	I have a feeling that we aren't getting any "Har"s out of show Tormund.   He is so serious he makes Jon Snow seem upbeat.He's only been in the show for about 10 minutes, and most of that time he's simply been listening to Mance.I think people are jumping the gun on Tormund and Mance's characterisations. Sure, they seem to have a lot less charisma than in the books but that's simply because we've only had three very short scenes with these characters.In this episode we got a little bit of classic Tormund and Mance during their conversation. You could see a bit Mance's charisma coming through and Tormund's jovial nature as well. It's only a taste but we've got 7 episodes left. Even if Mance has very little screen time this season he's going to be around for a while. There's plenty of time to develop his character down the road.I mean, look at the Hound. He barely got anything to chew on until Blackwater. Seasons 3 and 4 will, hopefully, give the character his due. Theon and Renly were a lot better in Season 2 and Margaery in Season 3.Give it time.
4655	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	my money says tormund dies in the attack on castle blackThey typically don't cast re actors and give them interviews and extra content if they die after 10 minutes of screen time.
4656	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-15	They typically don't cast re actors and give them interviews and extra content if they die after 10 minutes of screen time.Ygritte's gonna die and she'll get about the same amount og screen time as Tormund by the time the attack on Castle Black happens.In the book no wilding survives the southern raid on Castle Black. But that doesn't have to be the way of the TV series, as long as Ygritte dies. It would be a mistake to keep Ygritte alive. Tormund may or may not die. I'm leaning towards not and that he's a prisoner for the duration of the battle of the Wall. It actually makes the DwD stuff easier in that Jon doesn't have to go through the hassle of finding Tormund in order to get him to bring the wildlings onside after Mance's "death" by fire. This is an example of a good change for the sake of truncating a story line.
4657	Reposado	2013-04-15	I think people are jumping the gun on Tormund and Mance's characterisations. Sure, they seem to have a lot less charisma than in the books but that's simply because we've only had three very short scenes with these characters.yeah but were also past the point where they get most of their characterization in the bookThey typically don't cast re actors and give them interviews and extra content if they die after 10 minutes of screen time.probably true. i try to avoid spoilers like these though
					
					
							Edited by Reposado, 15 April 2013 - 09:39 PM.
4658	dttljs123	2013-04-15	If Tormund dies i wouldn't watch it anymore. it would be pointless, Jarl is going so he may die still.
4659	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-15	Ygritte's gonna die and she'll get about the same amount og screen time as Tormund by the time the attack on Castle Black happens.In the book no wilding survives the southern raid on Castle Black. But that doesn't have to be the way of the TV series, as long as Ygritte dies. It would be a mistake to keep Ygritte alive. Tormund may or may not die. I'm leaning towards not and that he's a prisoner for the duration of the battle of the Wall. It actually makes the DwD stuff easier in that Jon doesn't have to go through the hassle of finding Tormund in order to get him to bring the wildlings onside after Mance's "death" by fire. This is an example of a good change for the sake of truncating a story line.Ygritte was in S2 though. She doesn't escape Jon and then 3 episodes later gets killed.
4660	WinterisAlwaysComing	2013-04-16	Guys, guys....calm down - Tormund isn't going to die.  A couple things:
1) Notice who else was sent on the mission?  Someone who was already dead in the books, and hasn't died yet?  Orell "I've only lived this long to explain what a Warg is" the Eagle?  HE'S gonna die.  Then he's gonna spend the rest of his life as an eagle pecking at Jon's face.
2) The writers wisely do a lot of condensing - Ser Merwyn Trant is "All speaking Kingsguards," Tormund is "All non-Mance wilding leaders."  And since in the books, the only wilding leader who remotely likes Jon is Tormund, and the others tolerate him at best, he is relegated to frowning a lot, which will make his trusting of Jon at the end more remarkable.  Then we can have D&D show us exactly how shocking with another punk rendition of "The Bear and the Maiden Fair."
					
					
							Edited by WinterisAlwaysComing, 16 April 2013 - 01:31 AM.
4661	Dove	2013-04-15	Just from browsing the reactions in the episode ratings and discussion threads it's obvious that  the ending to this episode is extremely polarizing. I'd love to get perspective from others about whether it "worked" for them, why it didn't, if they found it too jarring, etc.Personally, I loved it. The whole episode featured a lot of contrasting humor with horror or sadness - the ending was the perfect culmination of it all for me.The senseless, pointless brutality with a smash cut to the credits featuring a cheerful, up-tempo rendition of Bear and the Maiden Fair... it was absolutely hilarious and horrifying at the same time, extremely jarring and dissonant in all the right ways. I couldn't stop laughing for at least five minutes, but at the same time going "oh, god, poor Jaime."
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 04:00 AM.
4662	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	True, though I liked the Bear and the Maiden Fair more in the rendition of Locke's men singing /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4663	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-15	True, though I liked the Bear and the Maiden Fair more in the rendition of Locke's men singing /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yeah, I really enjoyed that. One of them had a terrific voice, sounding slightly Irish.
4664	Hellfell	2013-04-15	Easy.
Those who didn't like the scene watched the pirated version of the episode where the music overlaps Locke's final lines and the chopping itself. (pirates encoding error)
Those who did like the scene watched genuine HBO/HBO GO on TV
4665	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Though I miss the "Thappireth". Pity Locke doesn't go Hoat on us... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4666	Dove	2013-04-15	That's pretty funny about the pirated version, yeah. To be fair some legit HBOGo users may have gotten that quirk too, not sure.Though I miss the "Thappireth". Pity Locke doesn't go Hoat on us... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Hahaha. I know, right? One of my favorite Jaime moments was after he gives Hoat the sapphires speech and he's all like, "Ah, it's nothin', I just wanted to hear him say 'thapphireth'."
4667	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	I had no problems with the ending and credits, but Locke's motivations seemed a bit strange to me. The ending of the previous episode could've given me the sense that Locke's an honest northman (he wasn't even tempted by Jaime's bribe and he payed the farmer instead of killing him) if I hadn't known what was to come, but the fact that Locke's motivation to chop of the hand of the kingdom's most powerful and wealthiest man's son was... *drumroll* ... his hatred of lords. That was pretty random.I wonder how he's going to explain this to Bolton next week. "Yeah, so this guy who both sides have been looking for or hunting since late season 1. I chopped his hand off. Why? Well, he got on my nerves. F**k you! That's why."
4668	Rhaenys Sand	2013-04-15	Zollo /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4669	bent branch	2013-04-15	Easy.Those who didn't like the scene watched the pirated version of the episode where the music overlaps Locke's final lines and the chopping itself. (pirates encoding error)Those who did like the scene watched genuine HBO/HBO GO on TVThis is not true. I hated what they did and I was watching it on HBO. I haven't been thrown out of a story so quickly in a long time. I thought there was something wrong with my feed until I realized the song was the BatMF. I can't even understand what they were trying to do there. I can appreciate that some people liked that ending, but I actually have a sour feel for the whole episode because of that song. It took my rating for the episode from a 9 to an 8. Yes, it was just that bad imo.
4670	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	Yeah, I really enjoyed that. One of them had a terrific voice, sounding slightly Irish.Gary Lightbody, lead singer of Snow Patrol
4671	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	This is not true. I hated what they did and I was watching it on HBO. I haven't been thrown out of a story so quickly in a long time. I thought there was something wrong with my feed until I realized the song was the BatMF. I can't even understand what they were trying to do there. I can appreciate that some people liked that ending, but I actually have a sour feel for the whole episode because of that song. It took my rating for the episode from a 9 to an 8. Yes, it was just that bad imo.You deducted a point over the end credits? That's pathetic, its not even part of the episode. Also, its not like any of the music used so far is from the period. Half the songs have synths for fucks sake!
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 15 April 2013 - 04:27 AM.
4672	Head of The Ned	2013-04-15	i just thought it was funny
4673	Jorah the Explorer	2013-04-15	Didn't like it.. it's a dramatic and important scene.  And then immediately cut to some bad and out of place music.  Felt really off, I immediately stopped the video.
4674	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Didn't like it.. it's a dramatic and important scene.  And then immediately cut to some bad and out of place music.  Felt really off, I immediately stopped the video.It might have been hilarious if it was used, softly, as background music for Pod's scenes.
4675	DrRobotnik	2013-04-15	I'm expecting him to deliever Jaimie up to Roose the way a dog drops a dead rabbit in front of its master. 
And then Roose will kill him.
Depending on how they execute it, that could also provide a motivation. (He's scared of getting tortured by Roose.)
4676	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-15	I wasn't a fan or the silly/funny/upbeat music immediately following the brutal scene. Simply because it almost plays that last moment for comedy. Or at least it makes it seem like it. 
I'm not sure if you're supposed to consider the credits as wholly separate from the episode. But if that song isn't supposed to inform the scene, then it should have been pre-empted by say, 10 seconds of silence so you have a moment to ponder the moment before it kills the mood. 
 I get that they are using the song they introduced in the episode in the credits. And I want to hear a version of TBATMF. Thats cool. But while the somber tone of Rains of Castamere's suited the events that preceded it, that isn't the case here. 
Still, this was the best EP so far of the young season and this is really my only criticism.
4677	Gryz the BlackSmith	2013-04-15	Supposedly the HBO broadcast on the East Coast had the ending and the credits mixed up in a faulty way. The broadcast on the West Coast had the song after the final scene, like it was supposed to be.
4678	victim	2013-04-15	Supposedly the HBO broadcast on the East Coast had the ending and the credits mixed up in a faulty way. The broadcast on the West Coast had the song after the final scene, like it was supposed to be.Apparently torrenters (that's not a word) uploaded a bad version of the episode that started the song before the actual credits started. Serves them right for making GoT the most illegally downloaded show.The actual complaint is that the song played over the credits immediately after the scene, and it was jarring because it was rock music which didn't fit the vibe of the last scene. It's not that the song was "silly or funny," it was just misplaced.
4679	bent branch	2013-04-15	You deducted a point over the end credits? That's pathetic, its not even part of the episode. Also, its not like any of the music used so far is from the period. Half the songs have synths for fucks sake!Why yes I did. Opening credits of a show are supposed to prepare the viewer to enter the story. The end credits are supposed to transition the viewer out of the story. The song overwhelmed the final scene which threw me too abruptly out of the story. It was a poor artistic choice, imo. I found this choice so poor that it rated one less point, imo.
4680	Dove	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
4681	Nuttz	2013-04-15	Absolutely brilliant end to the episode. I hope Benioff does more directing next season, that was just perfect. He just completely subverted my expectations of what that scene would be (in a good way).
4682	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Thanks4dat! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
4683	Justin Danford	2013-04-15	I had no problems with the ending and credits, but Locke's motivations seemed a bit strange to me. The ending of the previous episode could've given me the sense that Locke's an honest northman (he wasn't even tempted by Jaime's bribe and he payed the farmer instead of killing him) if I hadn't known what was to come, but the fact that Locke's motivation to chop of the hand of the kingdom's most powerful and wealthiest man's son was... *drumroll* ... his hatred of lords. That was pretty random.I wonder how he's going to explain this to Bolton next week. "Yeah, so this guy who both sides have been looking for or hunting since late season 1. I chopped his hand off. Why? Well, he got on my nerves. F**k you! That's why."As I mentioned in more explanation in the discussion thread, he won't have to explain anything to Bolton at all. Or at least, the way he see's it (and the way all of the North would see it) Jamie is a murderer and a fugitive and will have his head chopped off once and for all. At the very least he is not going back to the Lannisters any time soon.Bolton might have ulterior motives, but someone loyal to the North who happens to serve Bolton would never know that. Jamie is not a ransoming chip at this point. Brienne is because she is a newfound prisoner who Locke discovers might have some wealth, Jamie can be beheaded just as well with 1 hand as 2
4684	King Rickon	2013-04-15	The end credits really left a shitty taste in my mouth.  Why did we have to have that lame, poppy version?  It doesn't fit with anything in the last 22 episodes of the show.  Will the closing credits next week be from Lady Gaga?  That was like putting a turd on top of an ice cream sundae.
4685	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-15	My husband and I both did the same thing when the music for the end credits started. We laughed. Indeed it was a big contrast to what we just saw, and I'm not sure whether I liked it or not. I didn't mind the idea of playing a song, but I didn't like the fact it was modernized. Yes I know, much of the original soundtrack is synthesized anyway, but at least it is trying to sound real. This was flat out celtic rock, and it did indeed make me laugh out of surprise, but I don't know if that was the best response given what had just happen to Jaime.
I just hope they don't do something so stupid again.
4686	Joyful Union	2013-04-15	That was the whole point, Daenarys of Dragonstone. It's like how Stuck in the Middle with you is used in Reservoir Dogs, for the contrast.
4687	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-15	It may grow on me. Unlike others, I didn't think oh BOO! We did laugh and think at the same time, oh shit, poor Jaime! lol Certainly was surprising. Want to watch the episode again!
4688	Zizou	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Haha, that totally got me. Thanks for sharing!
4689	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	I personally didn't like it much, but I assume that something important in the conversation was deliberately covered by the song.
	Spoiler  Locke is going to be utterly left in the shite by Bolton though, like in the books, he'll have to cut himself off from the act of dismembering Jaime as hard and as fast as he can because otherwise Tywin would reward him for betraying the Starks then kill him for doing that to Jaime

					
					
							Edited by SerArthurHeath, 15 April 2013 - 06:28 AM.
4690	KhalFrodo	2013-04-15	No part of the conversation was covered by the song...
I loved the scene! The music for the credits was awful, but forgivable as long as they don't make a habit of putting out of place music in the end credits.
The pause between Locke chopping his hand off and Jaime's scream was perfectly executed. It was a split second where Jaime Lannister, the best swordsman in the 7 kingdoms & knight of the Kingsguard, realized all off his supposed importance had just been taken. Really well executed by the actors and director.
4691	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	No part of the conversation was covered by the song...I loved the scene! The music for the credits was awful, but forgivable as long as they don't make a habit of putting out of place music in the end credits.The pause between Locke chopping his hand off and Jaime's scream was perfectly executed. It was a split second where Jaime Lannister, the best swordsman in the 7 kingdoms & knight of the Kingsguard, realized all off his supposed importance had just been taken. Really well executed by the actors and director.Locke is clearly still talking (his mouth still moving and all) when the song starts...
4692	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Thought the ending was outstanding!  The build up for Jaime getting his hand cut off was so well done, and the juxtaposition with the music following was simply brilliant!
4693	Stannis the Menace	2013-04-15	You deducted a point over the end credits? That's pathetic, its not even part of the episode. Also, its not like any of the music used so far is from the period. Half the songs have synths for fucks sake!this
4694	Dove	2013-04-15	Locke is clearly still talking (his mouth still moving and all) when the song starts...Hahaha. Well uh, either something went wrong with your "broadcast" or...(in the legit version the song doesn't start until after the credits)
4695	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-15	Very daring move but it was funny.
4696	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	Locke is clearly still talking (his mouth still moving and all) when the song starts...seems issue of HBO in one region - initially reported from pirate version, but some people commented already that they watched it on HBO. Seems to be East vs. West coast.
4697	Kaitscralt	2013-04-15	I live in New York and the end credits music started when it was supposed to on HBO broadcast (I also loved it).
4698	Stannis the Menace	2013-04-15	That was the whole point, Daenarys of Dragonstone. It's like how Stuck in the Middle with you is used in Reservoir Dogs, for the contrast.Perfect Comparison
4699	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-15	I get the feeling they will not do something like that again. All the reviews I've read (and the comments) seem to be negative when it comes to the song. I don't think I mind the idea of the song, I just didn't like the over the top rock version of it. Remove the modern drum kit and guitars, and I'd not have had an issue. Just a jolly folk song, but keep rock away from it.
4700	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Well, I'm in the UK so I watch it pirate at first as I can't wait and then on Sky later, so that'd explain it. What gets said at the end?
4701	Gronzag	2013-04-15	I really liked it! It was funny and well done
4702	episodenone	2013-04-15	No problems for me on the East Coast.
I loved it - I just wished Jaime's scream had been a bit more High-Pitched girly blood-curdling rather than so deep.
The song confused me - until I realized what it was -- and then I had a huge smile on my face.
Seriously - the whiners who feel they needed some solemn song here are just malcontents who find problems any time something doesn't turn out exactly as they had hoped / wanted.
					
					
							Edited by episodenone, 15 April 2013 - 07:40 AM.
4703	KhalFrodo	2013-04-15	No problems for me on the East Coast.I loved it - I just wished Jaime's scream had been a bit more High-Pitched girly blood-curdling rather than so deep.The song confused me - until I realized what it was -- and then I had a huge smile on my face.Seriously - the whiners who feel they needed some solemn song here are just malcontents who find problems any time something doesn't turn out exactly as they had hoped / wanted.I just can't picture Jaime Lannister screaming like a girl.I didn't hate the song, it was just out of place and off set the mood... IF Jaime hadn't been made a classy move in saving Brienne at that point, the upbeat hapy song would have been more appropriate. Still, it didn't ruin the episode which was strong overall.
4704	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-15	True, though I liked the Bear and the Maiden Fair more in the rendition of Locke's men singing /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />yeah their rendition sounded more authentic for the word like the rains of castamere did, but the end version was too much of a rock ballad and it didn't fit in with the show--they should release both renditions of the song
4705	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	The end credits really left a shitty taste in my mouth.  Why did we have to have that lame, poppy version?  It doesn't fit with anything in the last 22 episodes of the show.  Will the closing credits next week be from Lady Gaga?  That was like putting a turd on top of an ice cream sundae.I pray to the old gods and the new that they won't start doing montages with crappy contemporary songs towards the end of some episodes.
4706	Lady Octarina	2013-04-15	I loved the ending, I was so completely shocked at that scene, even knowing what was coming, but I think I was even more shocked at The Bear and the Maiden Fair at the credits. I was slightly angry because I wanted to feel Jaime's pain, like in the book, I wanted to be overwhelmed by feelings that would be only made worse by a depressing song, and they give us that. At the same time, it was so completely absurd that I couldn't stop laughing for ten minutes, really brilliant. So, I understand why many people hated that transition, but I can't bring myself to be that disappointed.
4707	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	That was an awesome transition, the song is supposed to evoke that emotion, its horrifying and jarring, but I couldn't stop laughing either. There were so many comedic elements subtly and overtly in this episode, that was how it should have ended.
I really like Locke, how he was condescending to Jaime, "your lordship", and the whole setup to that scene. As to his motivation its simple, Jaime is a a Lannister, as far as a Locke is concerned, they are still the enemy until told otherwise. I am liking the fact it shows that northmen aren't all "Ned Stark" type guys, the Boltons have a nasty side,
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 15 April 2013 - 08:18 AM.
4708	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-15	T'was fantastic.
4709	Hellauthere	2013-04-15	I wonder how he's going to explain this to Bolton next week. "Yeah, so this guy who both sides have been looking for or hunting since late season 1. I chopped his hand off. Why? Well, he got on my nerves. F**k you! That's why."Haha, indeed. I wonder what will be Lockes purpose in the upcoming episodes.The ending was fitting for the episode and really good in my opinion. I actually thought Jaime was getting himself some of that chicken, until I saw the clip one more time. First then did I see Briennes face was hinting that something bad was going to happen.Locke (don't know the actors name) got me pinned all the way till he cut of Jaimes arm.In my opinion the rock version of the bear and the maiden fear was a bit too silly..
4710	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Ah it's a bit better now I've seen it properly. Locke is f*cked
4711	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I hated, hated, hated the music.  I don't what purpose was served to jar the audience into remembering that its just a TV show by ending with a modern punk rock piece, completely alien to any music ever used before in the show.  It was cheesy and cheap and trying too hard.  HBO has a ton of other shows where they can show how hip they are by their choice of music.  GOT is not one of them.
4712	Currawong	2013-04-15	The use of the music was a very deliberate and considered decision, as explained here  http://insidetv.ew.c...nes-jaime-hand/  by Dan Weiss:-The wildly mismatched pairing of the violence and a rock song by a contemporary band was a very deliberate move.<U+0080><U+009C>It<U+0080><U+0099>s such a shocking ending and when we read the scene in the books it was so shocking to us,<U+0080><U+009D> Weiss says. <U+0080><U+009C>To really hammer home the shock of that moment you need something unexpected. There<U+0080><U+0099>s no version of a traditional score that would keep you as off balance as we wanted that scene to leaving you feeling.<U+0080><U+009D><U+0080><U+009C>I can<U+0080><U+0099>t imagine having that conversation with Ramin [Djawadi] our composer <U+0080><U+0094> <U+0080>Now we need the Jaime-gets-his-hand-chopped-off music,<U+0080><U+0099><U+0080><U+009D> adds Benioff. who made his directorial debut with this episode. <U+0080><U+009C>What we always loved in An American Werewolf in London, we see our hero shot and killed and then his lover runs to embrace his dead body <U+0080><U+0094> it<U+0080><U+0099>s a sad ending <U+0080><U+0094> but then we cut to black and it<U+0080><U+0099>s [the bouncy 1961 Marcell's hit] <U+0080>Blue Moon.<U+0080><U+0099> And that jarring juxtaposition was fantastic.<U+0080><U+009D>And don't forget that there is nothing at all 'medieval' about the series' theme and music generally.  Apart from songs like The Rains of Castamere and the first version we hear of The Bear and the Maiden Fair sung by Roose's soldiers, the score is typical dramatic and catchy movie/TV series music, with modern instruments and orchestration.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 15 April 2013 - 08:44 AM.
4713	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-15	The use of the music was a very deliberate and considered decision, as explained here  http://insidetv.ew.c...nes-jaime-hand/  by Dan Weiss:-That's sound reasoning.  This was arguably the most jarring and visceral final frame the series has yet seen.  Would a typical dramatic score piece rolling over the credits really have been more appropriate given that circumstance?Of course this discussion also comes down to personal taste.  If you don't like the style of the song (or feel it's inappropriate for GoT, which would be 100% correct if it were used *within* the episode), then you aren't going to like its inclusion over the closing credits.
					
					
							Edited by Ferrum Aeternum, 15 April 2013 - 08:51 AM.
4714	RobbTheStark	2013-04-15	I feel the Reins of Castamere would have been more appropriate... The episode was great, the credits were just ... jarring. However to the assertion that the song has nothing to do with the conversation/end scene, do you forget Jaime is going to save Brienne from a bear, a bear, all covered with hair? He'll ride from here to there....Also, I think Locke will be fed to the bear in the pit, and this is a small nod to that event.
4715	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	The use of the music was a very deliberate and considered decision, as explained here  http://insidetv.ew.c...nes-jaime-hand/  by Dan Weiss:-And don't forget that there is nothing at all 'medieval' about the series' theme and music generally.  Apart from songs like The Rains of Castamere and the first version we hear of The Bear and the Maiden Fair sung by Roose's soldiers, the score is typical dramatic and catchy movie/TV series music, with modern instruments and orchestration.Eh, it may not be technically "medieval" but it does not have any kind of a modern sound.  The heavy violins you hear with a lot of the Winterfell Bran scenes are an appropriate accompanyment.  Jangling rock guitar, not so much.
4716	Mappy	2013-04-15	Loved the ending. Even though I knew what was coming, the build up was fantastic. Jamie actually believed he would make it out unscathed. When the chopping took place, I gasped even though I fully anticipated it! Was just that good.
As for the credits, I had no issues with my broadcast on the East Coast and I loved the song.
4717	DragonsHungry	2013-04-15	Background music is to enhance the mood and help tell the story.
I am not saying they should do that often, but in this instance, that song had me pumped, which is exactly the emotion you get off that awesome final scene. There were black comedic themes this whole episode, so it wasn't really out of place.
It was very "True Blood", a nod to HBO subcribers, which was okay to do in that shocking moment. I hope that song is released on itunes, that is going on my iPod.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 15 April 2013 - 09:04 AM.
4718	Crown	2013-04-15	The scene was great but the music felt out of place, didn't like it, they should've had The National do it again. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4719	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />I still woulda' used this one.
4720	LordStoneheart	2013-04-15	I loved the ending, I was so completely shocked at that scene, even knowing what was coming, but I think I was even more shocked at The Bear and the Maiden Fair at the credits. I was slightly angry because I wanted to feel Jaime's pain, like in the book, I wanted to be overwhelmed by feelings that would be only made worse by a depressing song, and they give us that. At the same time, it was so completely absurd that I couldn't stop laughing for ten minutes, really brilliant. So, I understand why many people hated that transition, but I can't bring myself to be that disappointed.Really? I loved the song at the end because it made Jaime's hand chop quite hilarious, which it was to me in the books. It was one of the things that I was most looking forward to this season.
4721	ExileOnDaytonStreet	2013-04-15	I didn't have any problem with the juxtaposition of the end credits music and the scene.  It might not have been my first choice, but I thought that it did add some punch to it.  The brief silence between the end of Jaime's scream and the song was enough to let the horror of it all settle in.
4722	ServantOnIce	2013-04-15	True, though I liked the Bear and the Maiden Fair more in the rendition of Locke's men singing /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Same here, it was good to sing along to.    The other version was too fast . . . .
4723	relish5k	2013-04-15	Though I miss the "Thappireth". Pity Locke doesn't go Hoat on us... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I know, sad
4724	#Fire and Blood	2013-04-15	Personally, I thought the ending was awesome!  I know the books are serious, but little artistic things like that are why I LOVE HBO shows!
4725	int11	2013-04-15	I have to go with my initial feeling about the ending. For a fraction of a second I thought the radio had been turned on accidentally, and I forgot all about Jamie.Regardless of how much I rationalize the choice of music, this is how I felt when I actually watched the episode.However, the song itself is very cool!
4726	insertname	2013-04-15	I understand why they did it and I more or less agree with their reasoning, but it still didn't work for me.
4727	Catherine Storm	2013-04-15	Watching from Australia, a country full of, hmm... impatient 'pirates', the ending was totally ruined for me. The copy I saw threw the music in 1 min earlier than the credit roll so i missed Locke's final words and Jaime's scream!!!! When the song first came on i jumped up and was like 'wtf how dare they troll me'. As a Jaime fan I'm so disappointed. Will have to wait for the DVD release to rewatch and take it in.
4728	Roose Seal	2013-04-15	Felt like a True Blood episode ending, which, for me, is not a very flattering comparison.
4729	MacNille	2013-04-15	I laughed my ass off.
4730	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-15	I liked it. It was almost tarantinesque.
4731	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	I liked it. It was almost tarantinesque.Is that the accepted adjective? I will make sure to use it regularly
4732	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Brilliant!  Genius!  It sure did rock my world when the music started, but I can't imagine anything that could more appropriately symbolize what the whole series, what the whole war truly involves.  l couldn't be more impressed (and in a good way).
4733	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-15	This is not true. I hated what they did and I was watching it on HBO. I haven't been thrown out of a story so quickly in a long time. I thought there was something wrong with my feed until I realized the song was the BatMF. I can't even understand what they were trying to do there. I can appreciate that some people liked that ending, but I actually have a sour feel for the whole episode because of that song. It took my rating for the episode from a 9 to an 8. Yes, it was just that bad imo.how are you taken out of the story?? it's the credits, the story is over
4734	HouseHarrison	2013-04-15	Had I not read the book, I would have loved it. I still think it was good however.
4735	King Tyrion I	2013-04-15	Though I miss the "Thappireth". Pity Locke doesn't go Hoat on us... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Oh, yes. I miss(ed) Hoat, too.
4736	The Key Is Patchface	2013-04-15	Locke is clearly still talking (his mouth still moving and all) when the song starts...that's what you get for watching messed up pirated versions...the song doesn't start until AFTER the screen goes black and the credits start in the legit version
4737	cybobbie	2013-04-15	I had to watch the episode a second time (here HBO broadcast the show at 22h00 and at 1h45 every Sunday) to have the feeling about the ending and the credit's bear and maiden fair, since I had to leave the TV and get to my computer as soon as the episode ended to get my e-ticket for The Exhibition. However in the second time I didn't had the impact and I had already read here many comments about it. I would rather it was the Irish Moutarde version, but still liked the ending, it was very cool for a great episode.
4738	polarbear	2013-04-15	I hated, hated, hated the music.  I don't what purpose was served to jar the audience into remembering that its just a TV show by ending with a modern punk rock piece, completely alien to any music ever used before in the show.  It was cheesy and cheap and trying too hard.  HBO has a ton of other shows where they can show how hip they are by their choice of music.  GOT is not one of them.The song played over the credits, that is the sequence where the cast and crews' names, the production company, and the network are printed out on the television screen. That more than anything should make it obvious to the audience that they are watching a tv show.Also most people I know who have had their hand suddenly cut off have found it to be a VERY "jarring" experience, so I thought the song worked perfectly.
4739	Stannis' shadow babies	2013-04-15	Is that the accepted adjective? I will make sure to use it regularlyI don't know,"it just felt right."
4740	polarbear	2013-04-15	I am curious why so many fans felt "The Bear and the Maiden Fair" didn't fit with the end of the episode.
Was it the tempo of the music? Hard and fast songs aren't a modern invention. They sang em loud in the middle ages too.
Was it the instrumentation? Most of the orchestral score is performed on synthesizers and classical orchestral instruments (pianos, clarinets, french horns). In fact drums and guitars might be more accurate to the faux-medieval time period of GOT than most of the music we've heard on the show so far.
4741	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-15	Most likely because people are generally sticks in the mud and need something to talk/bitch about on forums.
I personally liked the song and how it was like a kick to the stomach after we were already down. It was a complete adrenaline rush even AFTER the chop. Having some ambient thoughtful string interlude wouldn't have warranted a second thought...and would've been kind of a letdown after that moment. Now thousands of people are talking about it...sounds like it garnered more emotion than any of the other closing songs...hmmm...
4742	Mark Antony	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Fucking Awesome! lolI loved the actual ending
4743	Alice in Westeros	2013-04-15	I thought the ending, like the rest of the episode, was brilliant. I was so horrified, and I cried so much when Jaime lost his hand in the book, that I really wasn't anticipating to laugh at this particular scene in the series, but I did and I really liked it. They probably will make me cry later on, but yeah, that was awesome.
4744	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-15	the whole ending being messed isn't a east vs west thing .I live in California and have directv, so i get the East and West feeds. I usually record the east feed and watch it later. The ending was perfectly in sync  and the song played when it should have.
4745	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Yeah it would be my Pirate Copy, the show has not yet aired in my country. Serves me right
4746	shiola	2013-04-15	I thought it was a bit too quick or it shouldn't have happened at night or something.  I'm not sure.  It wasn't what I wanted from reading the books.  
For non readers I bet it was an awesome shock.
In regards to the song, I didn't hear it.  I stop the episodes right as they end.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 15 April 2013 - 02:18 PM.
4747	Autumn is Coming	2013-04-15	I didn't realise the choppy-hand moment was coming until about two minutes before it did. I'm proud to say I took it bravely, whilst hiding behind my hands, and pausing every other second in order to give myself a breather.
Then, when the song came on, I immediately started laughing. It was just...unexpected. I didn't dislike it or anything. In fact, it helped me deal with all my Jaime feels. So props to HBO for that.
4748	Demonblade	2013-04-15	The gf (who hasn't read the series) thought it was hilarious.  I thought it seemed out of place, but since it was at the end-credits, it didn't bother me all that much.  I thought the music added to the general ambivalence surrounding Jaime at this point, because he is still very much a villain who threw Bran off the ledge and deserved some form of payback, at least in the eyes of his captors. On the one hand, seeing an important guy from the 'other side' get harmed does afford some callous mirth, but on the other hand, we just saw a guy (who at this point in the story is not all THAT bad) get his hand cut off in a visceral fashion.  The audience should be left not knowing what to think about this incident, and the music helped with that apprehension.
4749	King Tyrion I	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Thanks for sharing.Most likely because people are generally sticks in the mud and need something to talk/bitch about on forums.For me, it's a matter of taste. Plain and simple. Perhaps, when I rewatch the episode, I'll like it better. After all: "de gustibus non disputandum est".I personally liked the song and how it was like a kick to the stomach after we were already down. It was a complete adrenaline rush even AFTER the chop. Having some ambient thoughtful string interlude wouldn't have warranted a second thought...and would've been kind of a letdown after that moment. Now thousands of people are talking about it...sounds like it garnered more emotion than any of the other closing songs...hmmm...Irish Moutarde did their version first. I guess, I like that version better because it's quicker, faster - and yes, it's partly because of the orchestration.
4750	Sun	2013-04-15	http://youtu.be/4xc20YQOIRYOh, god /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Hahahahahahahaha. That's brilliant. Re. the ending:I thought the amputated end of Jaime's arm looked fake as hell. I don't care about the ending credits score, but obviously the show runners do, and their choice for this episode was idiotic.
4751	bluemoon	2013-04-15	Loved the episode,loved the ending,totally unexpected.
4752	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-15	The music was jarring but I didn't hate it.
4753	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I enjoyed it.  Loved the contrast.  Loved the song as it relates to Jamie's story.  One of my favorite parts of this episode.
4754	The Brandon Stark	2013-04-15	My real issue with the ending is-
Sapphires will save Briene's virginity, but all the gold in Casterly Rock won't save Jaime's hand? WTF? I know he loses his hand in the book, but the lead up was terrible.
4755	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	My real issue with the ending is-Sapphires will save Briene's virginity, but all the gold in Casterly Rock won't save Jaime's hand? WTF? I know he loses his hand in the book, but the lead up was terrible.It actually makes sense.  They HAVE to save Jamie because he's the property of Robb (their king).  Brienne is an opportunity.
4756	Red Knight	2013-04-15	loved the song, both versions /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
4757	rumple9	2013-04-15	Hated it. The awful music ruined a very important part of the story. When the music cut in I thought I had a dodgy download
4758	Nezzer	2013-04-15	I didn't like the music, but that's what happens when you use anachronistic music. It's always controversial, like the Seven Devils trailer. Some people absolutely loved it, some loathed it. I am no fond of anachronism, but I understand why some do and I am fine with it.
4759	DragonAge93	2013-04-15	It would've been amazing if they used this version of TBatMF: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=t6VMSYIXCCY
I've been listening to that version for months now, so whenever I think of the song I hear it that way. It would've been perfect at the end of the episode. I didn't mind the rock one at all, but I have that version stuck in my head so...
4760	King of Winters	2013-04-15	Just seen the ending here in England, and even though I knew the episode was going to end with Jaime getting his hand cut off, I found Nickolaj's scream was haunting to me. There was something about it that made me feel uncomfortable.
4761	King of the Road	2013-04-15	Can't decide which was more horrible, the attempted rape of Theon or Jaime losing his hand. Great ending to one of the best episodes yet, not too keen on the music but I think I understand why they chose it. It still didn't detract from the impact of Jaime's hand.
4762	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-15	Yeh, I thought the music was out of place. That doesn't make me a ''whiner'' because the hand chopping scene beforehand was just....oh...my...GOD
LOCKE YOU ARE FUCKING FUCKED, SON
4763	Mammothsbane	2013-04-15	Thought the music was a bit odd, but that scene left me screaming and holding my hand.. and I knew it was coming. 
I don't know why but I didn't think they were going to show them physically cutting off the hand. I thought they'd show it off screen and just show his face yelling or something. Took me completely by surprise
4764	cheirete	2013-04-15	The music credits starting 20-30s before the scene ending, is a problem your torrent, in the show itself the scene is portrayed correctly.
4765	Kasrith	2013-04-15	Easy.Those who didn't like the scene watched the pirated version of the episode where the music overlaps Locke's final lines and the chopping itself. (pirates encoding error)Those who did like the scene watched genuine HBO/HBO GO on TVLol your distinction isn't as on the nose as you might think...I saw it with the music overlap, thought it was (by some perverted way) supposed to happen like that and I loved it.... It was a total mindfuck, and shocked the hell outta me, even though i knew what to expect from the actual scene.
4766	Dove	2013-04-15	Posting this here because of one of the other threads even though it's more relevant over there because vague spoilers:Apparently I don't watch this show as well as you guys because I get "immersed" and everything but never to the level where I'm reminded "wait oh noo i'm actually watching a tv show!!" by something slightly jarring. I'm surprised as many people disliked this as they did, I never could have predicted a reaction like that. ;PTheon and Brienne's close shaves (and knowing what's still in store for Theon) is genuinely upsetting subject matter to feature back-to-back, followed by Jaime's sudden mutilation - not only was the song a unique, quirky artistic decision but some levity was goddamned appreciated as a transition out of the episode.
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 07:49 PM.
4767	crazibouncer	2013-04-15	Easy.Those who didn't like the scene watched the pirated version of the episode where the music overlaps Locke's final lines and the chopping itself. (pirates encoding error)Those who did like the scene watched genuine HBO/HBO GO on TVI want to see what the pirated people saw.  Is there any videos online with the song starting prior to the credits?Also, afterword I thought it may have been out of place because it took away from what just happened.  Still loved it though, it was a nice surprise.
					
					
							Edited by crazibouncer, 15 April 2013 - 08:08 PM.
4768	MoAt	2013-04-15	I wonder how he's going to explain this to Bolton next week. "Yeah, so this guy who both sides have been looking for or hunting since late season 1. I chopped his hand off. Why? Well, he got on my nerves. F**k you! That's why."HAAAAAAAAAA!! OMG - now I WANT him to say that!!!!I love the end, and the music. Jarring as hell, and perfectly so. And I loved both versions (of the song.)
					
					
							Edited by MoAt, 15 April 2013 - 08:14 PM.
4769	MoAt	2013-04-15	Posting this here because of one of the other threads even though it's more relevant over there because vague spoilers:Apparently I don't watch this show as well as you guys because I get "immersed" and everything but never to the level where I'm reminded "wait oh noo i'm actually watching a tv show!!" by something slightly jarring. I'm surprised as many people disliked this as they did, I never could have predicted a reaction like that. ;PTheon and Brienne's close shaves (and knowing what's still in store for Theon) is genuinely upsetting subject matter to feature back-to-back, followed by Jaime's sudden mutilation - not only was the song a unique, quirky artistic decision but some levity was goddamned appreciated as a transition out of the episode. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  x <U+009E>
4770	Dove	2013-04-15	This just in, they're releasing a director's cut edition with a more appropriate songhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=7pYDmUsj6d4(I like the Curb one a lot better but still hahahaha)
					
					
							Edited by huntington, 15 April 2013 - 09:53 PM.
4771	shiola	2013-04-15	It would've been amazing if they used this version of TBatMF: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=t6VMSYIXCCYI've been listening to that version for months now, so whenever I think of the song I hear it that way. It would've been perfect at the end of the episode. I didn't mind the rock one at all, but I have that version stuck in my head so...Ohhh oh I think that version would have worked really well.  It's slow at the beginning so you're still reeling from what happened to Jaime but then it gets upbeat and it provides the clashing effect.  I'm gonna edit my download to have this song play, I think.
4772	Toft	2013-04-15	Juxtaposition works well in many situations but must be done in keeping with the world. The problem here is that the music was very modern, and very American at that, so the inconsistency detached the viewer from the world entirely. It was as bad as the awful talking-over-credits that they do these days: you want time to understand or contemplate what has just happened, but instead of being able to do so, you are distracted and annoyed. There is a certain timelessness about fantasy that is lost if random stuff that is currently trendy is injected into it so unsubtly.
Aside from that, I enjoyed the episode and I think this series has got off to a much better start than the second did.
4773	Harrad	2013-04-14	I find the GoT portrayal of Rob Stark to be cruel and unusual punishment for non-book readers. And as book readers know, he was not a POV character, so details of his story are all new to the world. Just like his father's death punched the audience in the solar plexus in season 1, what's coming for him is a sad recapitulation. OK he did make one little mistake by getting married, but aside from that, he is such an admirable character, both honorable (aside from that mistake), brave, and strategically brilliant. Is the Red Wedding this year?
4774	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	Is the Red Wedding this year?Yes, and if you believe it, the Purple wedding is next year.
4775	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I find the GoT portrayal of Rob Stark to be cruel and unusual punishment for non-book readers. And as book readers know, he was not a POV character, so details of his story are all new to the world. Just like his father's death punched the audience in the solar plexus in season 1, what's coming for him is a sad recapitulation. OK he did make one little mistake by getting married, but aside from that, he is such an admirable character, both honorable (aside from that mistake), brave, and strategically brilliant. Is the Red Wedding this year?Exactly, but I disagree with one thing. Getting married wasn't a 'little' mistake. It was huge. I lost a lot of respect for his story arc after that point in the books. In a way that could be intentional. Both GRRM and the showrunners make you reassess your take on a character just prior to something major happens to them. This is the case with Jaime. He tries to kill Brienne, then he tries to save her, then... *Whammo*. Rob is seen to be spiralling out of control. Cat had the expose of her feelings of guilt now her father's funeral...
4776	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I think the impact of the RW is being cheapened a bit by showing so much weakness amongst the Northern camp.
4777	KhalFrodo	2013-04-15	I think the impact of the RW is being cheapened a bit by showing so much weakness amongst the Northern camp.If the North wins a battle in the lead up and they go into it with spirits high, the impact will be on par with the books. I'm more interested to see what they do with Robb's wife after the RW... Are we just going to not see her again or do they include her in the massacre?
4778	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	If the North wins a battle in the lead up and they go into it with spirits high, the impact will be on par with the books. I'm more interested to see what they do with Robb's wife after the RW... Are we just going to not see her again or do they include her in the massacre?As much as I would like her to be included because I'm sick of seeing her, I don't think it's a good idea.  It would ruin a cliffhanger.
4779	wolverine	2013-04-15	Exactly, but I disagree with one thing. Getting married wasn't a 'little' mistake. It was huge. I lost a lot of respect for his story arc after that point in the books.In a way that could be intentional. Both GRRM and the showrunners make you reassess your take on a character just prior to something major happens to them. This is the case with Jaime. He tries to kill Brienne, then he tries to save her, then... *Whammo*. Rob is seen to be spiralling out of control. Cat had the expose of her feelings of guilt now her father's funeral...I didn't, but it was perhaps harder for me to look at it in a completely practical non-romantic way.
4780	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I didn't, but it was perhaps harder for me to look at it in a completely practical non-romantic way.I found it to be completely erm, stitched in. Him marrying Jeyne was wagging in my face the whole time in the book, I was expecting something to pop up. I even expected Robb to die...Which reminds me, kudos to GRRM surprising me still with RW regardless of that.
4781	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-15	I wasn't a Robb fan in the books and I only mildly like him on the show. I think the marriage was a HUGE mistake. I'm not sure why Robb is given a pass so much for that decision on either the show or in the books.  I still don't think he deserved the Red Wedding results.  But I do see how they are building him up and how TV viewers are going to be shocked and hurt by what is coming. I have personally always related to and identified with Cat more and for me, the most tragic part of RW was her point of view during that chapter. It will be very interesting to see how those feelings and the mood is conveyed on the screen. That chapter was written so beautifully - it really came alive for me in my mind.
4782	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I have personally always related to and identified with Cat more and for me, the most tragic part of RW was her point of view during that chapter.Same, same. Worst part of RW for me was what happened to Cat during* and after it.
					
					
							Edited by StarkDragon, 15 April 2013 - 08:39 AM.
4783	Tadco26	2013-04-15	TV Robb makes me a Frey sympathizer compared to the book.  TV Robb is older, has the council of his mother before making the decision to marry, does not have his future wife's "honor" as a reason for getting married, and did not fall into that situation after hearing that his brother's had been killed.  TV Robb basically just breaks his oath strictly because he feels like it, and everyone else be damned.
4784	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	I found it to be completely erm, stitched in. Him marrying Jeyne was wagging in my face the whole time in the book, I was expecting something to pop up. I even expected Robb to die...Which reminds me, kudos to GRRM surprising me still with RW regardless of that.Agree totally. For me the Red Wedding wasn't the 'brick to the face' that Ned's execution was - this time the brick was covered in the gore and blood from Ned's execution. It was just nasty and ugly on the page. Really difficult to read for some of the wrong reasons (although mostly for the right ones). I had emotionally disengaged from Robb and Cat. I wasn't dispassionate, I was just so frustrated at the bumbling mess they had made and had a lot of difficulty reading all the chapters after Jaime's release and Robb's shotgun wedding.
4785	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	TV Robb makes me a Frey sympathizer compared to the book.  TV Robb is older, has the council of his mother before making the decision to marry, does not have his future wife's "honor" as a reason for getting married, and did not fall into that situation after hearing that his brother's had been killed.  TV Robb basically just breaks his oath strictly because he feels like it, and everyone else be damned.True, true.Infact I have so little to add beyond that, I just italicized, bolded, and underlined some points.
4786	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	TV Robb makes me a Frey sympathizer compared to the book.  TV Robb is older, has the council of his mother before making the decision to marry, does not have his future wife's "honor" as a reason for getting married, and did not fall into that situation after hearing that his brother's had been killed.  TV Robb basically just breaks his oath strictly because he feels like it, and everyone else be damned.I agree, they totally butchered this storyline in the show.  Making "Talisa" a random chick from Essos with no family makes his decision to marry her even more bizarre, the TV character seems like the type of person who would have no problem at all being Robb's mistress, am I wrong?I get that they were trying to appeal to a modern sensibility about marrying for love, but in the show context, it doesn't work.  It makes him a selfish jerk to marry an adult woman, with no ties in Westeros, no family, no one will care that she is deflowered, she doesn't care as she never raises the idea of marrying before they have sex. If they had at least made her a Westeros woman from a Lannister bannerman house then you could have seen that  he would feel he had to marry her to protect her.
4787	Harrad	2013-04-15	When I said a "little" mistake...it was dramatic irony clothed in wry wit. I would think the RW would have more of an impact on TV because Robb is a POV character on TV whereas he was largely offscreen in the book. Further, there is so much foreshadowing of it on TV, that the most naive watcher has to feel that something is up.
4788	relish5k	2013-04-15	And where the hell is Grey Wind? The lack of giant direwolf is the thing that strikes me the most as massive character assassination.
4789	Bannerman918	2013-04-15	If the North wins a battle in the lead up and they go into it with spirits high, the impact will be on par with the books. I'm more interested to see what they do with Robb's wife after the RW... Are we just going to not see her again or do they include her in the massacre?With as much screen time as she's getting, I have a feeling they're going to make her part even bigger after the RW.
4790	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	TV Robb makes me a Frey sympathizer compared to the book.  TV Robb is older, has the council of his mother before making the decision to marry, does not have his future wife's "honor" as a reason for getting married, and did not fall into that situation after hearing that his brother's had been killed.  TV Robb basically just breaks his oath strictly because he feels like it, and everyone else be damned.Here here! This guy is just bumbling around doing whatever he wants.  Who ever heard of calling an army in for a funeral during a war?  It's not like they have endless food and military transport vehicles.  It's all signs of weakness/incompetence that wasn't there in the books, which made the RW so tragic (even if it was predictable).  Right now, he's blundering him way into it.
4791	Penguin king	2013-04-15	With as much screen time as she's getting, I have a feeling they're going to make her part even bigger after the RW.It seems like a good bet that they'll do away with fake arya and have her married to Ramsy instead.
4792	Castle Black	2013-04-15	How was the North in any way doing well right up to the Red Wedding? And this is in reference to the novels. Once Robb married Jeyne Westerling (which made 100X more sense in the novels than in the tv show), the North pretty much lost all hope. Stannis' loss at  the Blackwater really killed the Northmen's chances. The blunder at Duskendale, which in my opinion was setup purposely by Roose Bolton, really hurt their military strength. The Freys leaving the Northern army was devestating. Robb knew the war in the Riverlands/South was lost at this point and thus had no choice but to retreat back to Winterfell and reclaim the North. Nothing was going right for the Starks and their bannermen directly leading up to the RW.
4793	Catherine Storm	2013-04-15	With as much screen time as she's getting, I have a feeling they're going to make her part even bigger after the RW.NO! I hope not. Her character is so suss. Not like Jeyne W who even though brought Robb's downfall, was stil quite sympathetic. Talisa is obviously hiding something... But I agree to some extent, that they probably have to keep her. The show can't 'kill' the possible Stark-heir storyline can they? This was left open ended in the books, wasn't it? (Theory that a pregnant Jeyne is safe with the Tully's and her sister instead given as a hostage to the Lannisters)
4794	Songlian	2013-04-15	And where the hell is Grey Wind? The lack of giant direwolf is the thing that strikes me the most as massive character assassination.Grey Wolf was in this episode, when the North was marching for the funeral. There was plenty of direwolf time with Summer and Shaggy, so maybe they are saving some special effects with Gray Wind for later in the season....cause lord knows they'll need it. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
4795	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	@ Harrad # 15...glad you went back to clarify your assessment of Robb's marriage as a huge mistake.  I see that as one of the most enormous mistakes in the first few books, tantamount to Ned's telling Cercei he knows about the twincest. (And come to think of it, I'd have to include Sansa's running to Cercei when Ned announced they were going back to Winterfell as another huge mistake as well as a betrayal of her father.)  But I'm getting off track...
Robb hasn't been one of my very favorite characters in the book or the series, except that I really admired his battle strategy in that first major confrontation with Tywin, et. al.  It's not that I haven't liked him, but I don't think his has deserved as much attention as it's gotten in the TV series.  That said, the RW was such a shocker that it's hard to find words for it.  It was more of a shocker than Ned's beheading, 'cause we could see that coming, but the RW was a total surprise.
I, too, have really been missing Grey Wind....WHERE has he been?  In fact, all of the direwolves have been disappointedly absent of late.
Anyway, yes - from what I understand the RW will take place in the final episode this year.
Good thread!
4796	Songlian	2013-04-15	With as much screen time as she's getting, I have a feeling they're going to make her part even bigger after the RW.I might be wrong, but I don't think so. I think Talisa is there just to provide some sympathy for Robb (and his crackpot choice) before the audience. It's not really working, but that's a different issue...
4797	Harrad	2013-04-15	The late Lord Frey never fought a battle until it was over, so his army was hardly missed. The only way he could influence history was in the betrayal business. He did that well. BTW was it a Frey who captured Brienne/Jamie? If so, the Freys will not have many friends left.
4798	HopeForSpring	2013-04-15	Tadco26, you said it.
And because that is so right, as much as Talisa annoys people, I feel like they need to show even more of her with him to really pull off the love story but I'm not seeing a ton of chemistry there anymore.  What I wonder is whether or Westerlings potential pregnancy theory will be made more explicit... there is no sister...
I do think they are doing a good job of getting people to where they need to be at major milestones, though.
					
					
							Edited by HopeForSpring, 15 April 2013 - 10:50 AM.
4799	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Oh, and I forgot to mention Talisa...there've been threads in the forum (before TV series showed Talisa) on whether or not Jeyne (who stayed back at Riverrun in the book)was pregnant, and at one point posters went back to Cat's mention of her good childbearing hips, and also 
	Spoiler  Jaime's assessment of Jeyne way later in the books 
. 
I thought that by now they would have included the scene where Robb decided to name Jon as his heir, and I'm a little worried that they might leave that out.  Then, if Talisa/Jeyne does turn out to be pregnant, it really complicates things, and I think that would skew lots of things, for the worse.
4800	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	Tadco26, you said it.And because that is so right, as much as Talisa annoys people, I feel like they need to show even more of her with him to really pull off the love story but I'm not seeing a ton of chemistry there anymore.  What I wonder is whether or Westerlings potential pregnancy theory will be made more explicit... there is no sister...I do think they are doing a good job of getting people to where they need to be at major milestones, though.Indeed, there is no sister, so there is no one for her to be switched off with, more evidence that the pregnancy theory is crackpot.
4801	Silverin	2013-04-15	TV Robb makes me a Frey sympathizer compared to the book.  TV Robb is older, has the council of his mother before making the decision to marry, does not have his future wife's "honor" as a reason for getting married, and did not fall into that situation after hearing that his brother's had been killed.  TV Robb basically just breaks his oath strictly because he feels like it, and everyone else be damned.I feel the same. I was so deavsted when I was reading the book. Now? I am actually waiting for it to happen, and not just because of the epic scene, but because it means the ends of the ShowRobb character. and his butchered storyline...It is quite laughable though, that I guess they try really hard making Robb into this macho king on the show since he is not a teenager like in the books, but to me ShowRobb comes of as a way more immature big idiot.
4802	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-15	Indeed, there is no sister, so there is no one for her to be switched off with, more evidence that the pregnancy theory is crackpot.Also, didn't Jeyne's mother (who comes off as a real bitch) say that she had made sure that Jeyne wasn't pregnant (gave her moon tea or some such)? I guess it could all be an act to secure the Westerlings safety with the Lannisters (didn't Jeyne's brother get some perk for the family's "services"?), but it seemed to me that there would be no baby Robb.
4803	ViennaGirl	2013-04-15	I agree with a lot of the people here - I think TV Robb's character has been assassinated. Book Robb's reasons for betraying the Freys were also weak, but at least you see could a tiny bit of 16 year old honor in marrying the enemy daughter he slept with. (Even though that was waaaaaay the wrong thing to do). But TV Robb, an adult, marrying a hot doctor chick just for fun? Ugh. And not even being sorry?
I think it would have been better to have made TV Robb fall for Talisa if that's what D&D wanted to do, but then have Robb emotionally pull away from her as he realizes what he's done and what it's going to cost him. Of course, there's not really enough time to show that...
4804	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	I agree with a lot of the people here - I think TV Robb's character has been assassinated. Book Robb's reasons for betraying the Freys were also weak, but at least you see could a tiny bit of 16 year old honor in marrying the enemy daughter he slept with. (Even though that was waaaaaay the wrong thing to do). But TV Robb, an adult, marrying a hot doctor chick just for fun? Ugh. And not even being sorry?I think it would have been better to have made TV Robb fall for Talisa if that's what D&D wanted to do, but then have Robb emotionally pull away from her as he realizes what he's done and what it's going to cost him. Of course, there's not really enough time to show that...At LEAST she should have been from Westeros and related to a Lannister bannerman so there would be some feasible reason why her honor or safety would be an issue serious enough for him to marry her.A feminist, go it alone, sexy nurse with no family and no qualms about sex before marriage is not really someone who you need to be marrying RIGHT NOW at the cost of the Frey support.
4805	David Selig	2013-04-15	The Book plot was equally stupid and implausible IMO. As if a King would ever marry for such a reason during a war he's losing...
4806	Hedge Lawyer	2013-04-15	Agree totally. For me the Red Wedding wasn't the 'brick to the face' that Ned's execution was - this time the brick was covered in the gore and blood from Ned's execution. It was just nasty and ugly on the page. Really difficult to read for some of the wrong reasons (although mostly for the right ones). I had emotionally disengaged from Robb and Cat. I wasn't dispassionate, I was just so frustrated at the bumbling mess they had made and had a lot of difficulty reading all the chapters after Jaime's release and Robb's shotgun wedding.I agree.  I was so alienated from Cat and Robb that I was basically cheering when the Red Wedding was going down.  Not only did Robb sabotage his entire campaign with his marriage to Westerling, but I thought that his entire handling of the Karstark situation was so hamfisted and hypocritical that Cat and Robb basically deserved what was coming.  Robb didn't even offer Karstark the chance to take the Black.Show Robb will deserve it even more, because his marriage to Talisa (IMO the worst character in the show, a modern anachronism, and the only real mistake that I think D&B have made) is even more perplexing than his marriage to Westerling.  He threw away the war for no real reason at all.
4807	Cas Stark	2013-04-15	The Book plot was equally stupid and implausible IMO. As if a King would ever marry for such a reason during a war he's losing...It was implausible, but compared to the TV plot line it was much more realistic.  Have an adult Robb marry an adult Talisa with no ties to Westeros at all "just because" when there is no reason on earth why they couldn't continue an affair is crazy.  Much more crazy than a teenager all alone without his mother's counsel--unlike show Robb, who gets her advice and disregards it--doing something in the heat of the moment.
4808	The Fourth Head	2013-04-15	I would be interested to know if non-book readers find Robb's decision so hard to fathom, or indeed, Talisa so irritating.The RW casts such a big shadow.It's important to note the conflict within Robb's heart once he realised he was no longer fighting for his father's life, honour, and freedom. When Joffrey beheaded Ned, in one fell stroke, he poisoned Robb's cause. He was left with nothing more to fight for than blood-revenge, his "kingship" (which he didn't ask for) and peer pressure- none of which are as virtuous a cause as selflessly fighting to save a living person, and that person's honour. Talisa and Cat did a good job of guilt-tripping him for that in season 2, and reminding him that the only virtue left in their cause was the rescuing of his sisters, not ending his blood feud with the Lannisters. Indeed, throughout the books, the entire Stark MO has been about saving people, not killing them out of revenge.Karstark spelled out this shift in their cause in "stark" words in season 3 episode 2- "aye, I have faith in your cause if your cause is revenge"  that is not what Robb set out in the first place for- his cause has become warped, commandeered, and turned around to the extent that he will end up looking like a hypocrite for killing Karstark.I say all this because during season 2, Talisa starts challenging his motives. Is he killing solidiers he has no issues with personally, for the justice of a dead man? He started to change tack and become willing to negotiate with the Lannisters- to spare Joffrey's head, leave the Lannisters in KL and go home- which is what he stressed to Talisa on the battelfield- "I want to go home" In short, Robb was losing faith in his cause. The whole war had become subverted to the point that it was shaming him,  a war that has left him actively punishing his mother for trying to save his sisters, and for what? So in the end, for a moment- he sold out on his "cause". He succumbed to the seductions of little-miss embodiment of virtue, Talisa, because that felt right, and this war no longer did.IMO, Talisa did a good job of seducing him.  I'm willing to bet non-book readers like Talisa. Lets not forget, as a person of desire, she has a lot more going for her as a beautiful florence Nightingale cliche than Jeyne Westerling ever did. I'm not saying I'm sold on her- the timing in season 2 was a hatchet job (if you can be irresponsible so can I?!) but in terms of a salvage job, I think the best thing the writers can do at this point is portray Talisa as a woman worth losing a kingdom over. Show her advising Robb, supporting Robb emotionally, making Robb happy- hell- even have her showing some savvy and suggesting to Robb how he can make amends with the Frey's- that would add a whole new layer to the character! (so long as it was done subtly, and never made clear with hindsight whether it was an innocent suggestion or not- we can't have Robb looking more foolish)Conversely, we only see Robb these days marching around looking moody and angry. Scenes with Talisa, opening up to her, taking off his king-face, showing his vulnerabilities, his fears for his brothers, his hopes for a future together with her back at Winterfell- this is all needed in the build up to sell the idea that he died for true love, and that he was a 3D character worth mourning over.Book Robb cried in the dark to Bran over his mum leaving him in charge. A touch of family sentimentality would be true to the character, even though off-piste sentimentality is heavily scorned around here.
					
					
							Edited by The Fourth Head, 15 April 2013 - 01:34 PM.
4809	YTDN	2013-04-15	^ I wish I there was a Like button, because this post deserves one. I think you can see that they're trying to do that right now- Talisa has had scenes in all three episodes so far, and each one shows her as a kind-hearted woman with lots of empathy. There's also a scene in some of the trailers of her and Robb having a 'moment', and in interviews Oona Chaplin says that they're trying to show Robb/Talisa as a couple to root for, and as the only couple which is together for love, with no deception, politics or payment. This is all building up to the RW, where I am sure that Talisa is going to die, and I'm pretty sure that Robb is going to have to watch.Also, I don't want to start a flamewar, but I do think that Robb is getting an unfair rap for doing things 'for love', considering how much sympathy characters like Jaime and Theon get for making equally stupid decisions 'for love'. Robb isn't perfect, just like everyone else in this show.
					
					
							Edited by YTDN, 15 April 2013 - 12:48 PM.
4810	ViennaGirl	2013-04-15	This is all building up to the RW, where I am sure that Talisa is going to die, and I'm pretty sure that Robb is going to have to watch.Hm, even though I don't like TV Robb's decisions, watching him watch Talisa die and then get killed himself will be a bummer.Also, I don't want to start a flamewar, but I do think that Robb is getting an unfair rap for doing things 'for love', considering how much sympathy characters like Jaime and Theon get for making equally stupid decisions 'for love'. Robb isn't perfect, just like everyone else in this show.You might be right. People fall all over themselves to pity Theon and Jaime. I think part of the Robb hate is that he could have won the stupid war if he'd just kept his pants on. The good guys could have won! Starks could have stayed alive and kept being awesome! The Robb hate is frustration that a decent guy with tons of potential made a terrible decision with cascading consequences and screwed things up for everyone we like. The Theon/Jaime sympathy is more of wow, I hated that guy, but no one deserves THAT.
4811	anizzle	2013-04-15	TV Robb is older, has the council of his mother before making the decision to marry, does not have his future wife's "honor" as a reason for getting married, and did not fall into that situation after hearing that his brother's had been killed.  TV Robb basically just breaks his oath strictly because he feels like it, and everyone else be damned.With as much screen time as she's getting, I have a feeling they're going to make her part even bigger after the RW....The show can't 'kill' the possible Stark-heir storyline can they? This was left open ended in the books, wasn't it? (Theory that a pregnant Jeyne is safe with the Tully's and her sister instead given as a hostage to the Lannisters)I'm of the opinion that Talisa is a Lannister spy for Robb to ruin his campaign, either by the end of the Frey alliance or Robb being so distracted by love and sex that he'd become a terrible leader and king. also think that Talisa, after the RW will, reveal that she's pregnant by Robb. What happens after that is up in the air in the TV show. But I do think its possible that if Talisa is on Team Lannister that she will be married off to Ramsay or someone in the North as a way to secure winterfell in leiu of the fakeArya plotline in the books. This has added benefit of their being an actual Stark as the eventual heir of winterfell (hard for nothern lords to be upset about that) who can be indoctrinated as Ramsay/Lannisters wish.Yes, its crackpot. No argument from me on that.
4812	Sun	2013-04-15	TV Robb makes me a Frey sympathizer compared to the book.  TV Robb is older, has the council of his mother before making the decision to marry, does not have his future wife's "honor" as a reason for getting married, and did not fall into that situation after hearing that his brother's had been killed.  TV Robb basically just breaks his oath strictly because he feels like it, and everyone else be damned.Absolutely right. Agreed! It's a shame really.It seems like a good bet that they'll do away with fake arya and have her married to Ramsy instead.I seriously doubt that. For one thing the opticals are all wrong. Talysa is too tall for the actor they cast as Ramsay. For another, she's much older. And even if the Northmen suspend belief on that point, I doubt a Volantene woman would pass for a Stark girl in their eyes. If the show did go the Talysa route, it wouldn't make for much of a ruse.
4813	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	I seriously doubt that. For one thing the opticals are all wrong. Talysa is too tall for the actor they cast as Ramsay. For another, she's much older. And even if the Northmen suspend belief on that point, I doubt a Volantene woman would pass for a Stark girl in their eyes. If the show did go the Talysa route, it wouldn't make for much of a ruse.Roose.  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
4814	Dysun	2013-04-15	Most non book readers love Robb and alot of the book purist hate for TV Robb comes from marrying Talisa, the audience doesn't care if married for honor or lust. There will be many tears
4815	anizzle	2013-04-15	Apologies for not being clear. I didn't mean that Talisa would be fakeArya, just that Talisa could be used as a tool to get a hold of Winterfell in a similar manner as fakeArya was, specifically, the marriage of a Bolton to a "Stark".
4816	Sun	2013-04-15	/laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />LOL, why didn't I think of that. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />ETA:Apologies for not being clear. I didn't mean that Talisa would be fakeArya, just that Talisa could be used as a tool to get a hold of Winterfell in a similar manner as fakeArya was, specifically, the marriage of a Bolton to a "Stark".That could, with some difficulty, work, but the show would need to do some finagling with the inheritance laws, since Talisa would not inherit Winterfell after Robb, and would be of little advantage to Bolton otherwise as the Northmen would owe her little fealty. 
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 April 2013 - 01:39 PM.
4817	The Fourth Head	2013-04-15	I think part of the Robb hate is that he could have won the stupid war if he'd just kept his pants on. The good guys could have won! Starks could have stayed alive and kept being awesome! Thats a bit harsh. The Starks lost the war when the Tyrell's and Lannisters allied. "Talisa" and "Jamie" are just excuses for the rats to abandon the sinking ship.The RW was so stinging in the sense that we all felt robbed of any hope of future "justice" that's it. Over. Ned and Robb and Cat- all dead, and noone is in any position to do anything about it. I think by the end of the books, Jon, Bran Arya and Sansa will be in a position to have a lot to say about a number of things...As for Talisa, it would hurt way more if, after building up the love story, they make Talisa out to have been a spy from the off. The RW would leave us smarting all the more so.
4818	anizzle	2013-04-15	That could, with some difficulty, work, but the show would need to do some finagling with the inheritance laws, since Talisa would not inherit Winterfell after Robb, and would be of little advantage to Bolton otherwise as the Northmen would owe her little fealty. Agreed. But if she's pregnant by Robb then she would be regent or whatever until the child came of age.  but yes, it is a very awkward scenario to try to make work.
4819	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-15	They really need to start talking about the Freys.
4820	VaramyrSixchins	2013-04-15	With as much screen time as she's getting, I have a feeling they're going to make her part even bigger after the RW.There's a YouTube video, called "Roose Change", I believe, that makes a pretty convincing case that
	Spoiler Talisa is a spy
4821	AliKat	2013-04-15	With as much screen time as she's getting, I have a feeling they're going to make her part even bigger after the RW.The actress has confirmed on twitter that she'll be at the wedding and there have been pics of her there. I have no idea how that will work.And I miss Grey Wind too!
4822	AliKat	2013-04-15	Thats a bit harsh. The Starks lost the war when the Tyrell's and Lannisters allied. "Talisa" and "Jamie" are just excuses for the rats to abandon the sinking ship.The RW was so stinging in the sense that we all felt robbed of any hope of future "justice" that's it. Over. Ned and Robb and Cat- all dead, and noone is in any position to do anything about it. I think by the end of the books, Jon, Bran Arya and Sansa will be in a position to have a lot to say about a number of things...As for Talisa, it would hurt way more if, after building up the love story, they make Talisa out to have been a spy from the off. The RW would leave us smarting all the more so.I agree. No matter what Robb and Cat have done wrong, the Red Wedding is horrible and I'm dreading it. I really want the remaining Starks to reunite by the end and raise some hell in the North and with the Freys to get a little payback. (by then the Lannisters won't even be an issue)
4823	qixoticneurotic	2013-04-15	its a nice paralell  for talisa and ygrette. both common people and independent minded while rob is lovestruck a nd marries her jon severs ties in service to the higher cause. its about the strength of character a leader must have and what we expect from those in power
4824	sarah.jenice	2013-04-15	I have to agree that I like Robb's character and storyline in the book more, but I have faith that the show will turn it around. It's important that fans care when Robb dies so they do need to make him more likeable this season. He's kind of been a jerk.
I was sad to see the young Lannister boys introduced since we all know where that's going. 
With the show, it is a lot easier to see Robb's cause falling apart and the nails he is putting in his own coffin.
4825	sarah.jenice	2013-04-15	its a nice paralell  for talisa and ygrette. both common people and independent minded while rob is lovestruck a nd marries her jon severs ties in service to the higher cause. its about the strength of character a leader must have and what we expect from those in powerGreat point. I've never thought about that comparison. I think it goes to show how much truer to Robb's character the book storyline is because both Robb and Jon are very much like Ned and try to live according to their father's values/honor. Jon leaves Ygritte for honor and Robb marries Jeyne for honor. The way Robb marries Talisa is so different and goes against who Robb is.
4826	teemo	2013-04-15	Hmm, this thread went on last year and was a big, controversial hit, so how about we try again?  This is the place to rant, bitch and whine about anything you want from the show and hopefully no one will come on here to attack you (please don't! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
No nitpick is too big or too small to complain about.  Put it all here!
I'll start -
I hate how they changed the Bolton colors.
I know it makes sense to cut out of the Bloody Mummers, but Locke is so lame in comparison.
4827	Newstar	2013-04-15	In this episode, there was an interesting bit of dialogue between Littlefinger and Tyrion. Littlefinger innocently (or not so innocently) wondered how Cersei had gotten the idea that Tyrion had a secret, special relationship with a prostitute. He also confirmed that he knew that Tyrion didn't have this type of relationship with Ros. So now there's been a seed planted that Littlefinger suspects that Tyrion has a secret prostitute lover. What could be the writers' reason for this, assuming it's of some importance?1. Show Littlefinger's not as dumb as he looks?2. Introduce another potential threat to Shae and Tyrion's relationship, in addition to the threats posed by Cersei and Tywin?3. (Related to #2) Provide a reason for the introduction of Varys providing secret tunnels for Tyrion and Shae to meet safely as in ACOK? (There was that shot from 3x04 of Tyrion and Varys peering down into something; that could be a secret entrance.)Going off-book here, but does this mean Littlefinger will find out the truth about Shae? If so, what will he do with that information? Will he reveal it to someone else? There's been a suggestion in Season 3 that Shae could pose an inconvenient obstacle to Littlefinger's plans for Sansa, since she's very protective of Sansa and wants Littlefinger to stay away from her. Could Littlefinger out Shae's status to Sansa as a way of driving a wedge between Shae and Sansa? The other thing that I noticed from an article that was just published at the Hollywood Reporter in advance of 3x04 was this quote:But purists rest easy. Weiss and Benioff are quick to note that the series has not seen the last of Sir Dontos either.This makes no sense to me, as it seemed, in between Littlefinger (approaching Sansa directly) and Shae (playing the role of Sansa's trusted confidant), Dontos had pretty much been written out. I also thought we had confirmation that the actor wouldn't be back for Season 3. So I have no idea what to make of this in relation to the escape plot. Does Dontos show up again in KL doing something other than playing a role in Sansa's escape? It's all very confusing to me. Does anyone have any ideas?
4828	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-15	I thought Tyrion's affair with Shae was made public knowledge during his trial.
4829	Pellaeon	2013-04-15	LF wonders if there is more, he pokes around to see if Ros loyalties could possible lie with Tyrion not him, to bad Varys alredy has her loyalties.
4830	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-15	Does Dontos show up again in KL doing something other than playing a role in Sansa's escape? It's all very confusing to me. Does anyone have any ideas?It could be as simple as that. Little finger won't be able to show his face in KL once he's supposed to have gone to the Eyrie. So he'll need someone in KL, Dontos (if not appearing in SE3) could simply reveal himself to Sansa just prior to the PW and take her to Little finger in the wake of it.
4831	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	Another LF point- it is made clear that LF borrowing money from the Iron Bank is a bad idea as Tyrion knows they cannot pay it back. Is this linked to the idea that LF is actually working with the Iron Bank, through his familial connections to Braavos?
4832	Tadco26	2013-04-15	It doesn't make much sense to me to introduce Dontos at the start of season 2, cut him for the rest of the season and then reintroduce him again this season or next.  What's the point in cutting his original story line then?
4833	StarkDragon	2013-04-15	It doesn't make much sense to me to introduce Dontos at the start of season 2, cut him for the rest of the season and then reintroduce him again this season or next.  What's the point in cutting his original story line then?I'm so confused... I feel like I'm in cutception.
4834	brashcandy	2013-04-15	I think they're simply going to reinsert Dontos's storyline into the plot, where he'll now be acting as the one meeting with Sansa while LF is off in the Vale. I don't imagine it should be too confusing for viewers, since everyone knows now that LF is the one who's planning on getting her out of the city, and Dontos will be presented as another one of his various low-level employees handling the details.
It does seem like LF is being set up to discover the truth about Shae, but I don't think he'll use the information to come between Shae and Sansa. For one, LF has no reason to perceive Shae as a threat, and with the portrayal of jealous!Shae in E2, it looks like the wedding between Sansa and Tyrion might be enough to cause problems amongst all of them. Littlefinger could reveal the truth to Tywin, who then follows through on his threat to Tyrion, thereby removing the Tyrion murders Shae plot, which may not be a realistic possibility anymore given how they've portrayed that relationship as akin to a love match at this point.
					
					
							Edited by brashcandy, 15 April 2013 - 09:34 AM.
4835	Mulled Wino	2013-04-15	I think they're simply going to reinsert Dontos's storyline into the plot, where he'll now be acting as the one meeting with Sansa while LF is off in the Vale. I don't imagine it should be too confusing for viewers, since everyone knows now that LF is the one who's planning on getting her out of the city, and Dontos will be presented as another one of his various low-level employees handling the details.It does seem like LF is being set up to discover the truth about Shae, but I don't think he'll use the information to come between Shae and Sansa. For one, LF has no reason to perceive Shae as a threat, and with the portrayal of jealous!Shae in E2, it looks like the wedding between Sansa and Tyrion might be enough to cause problems amongst all of them. Littlefinger could reveal the truth to Tywin, who then follows through on his threat to Tyrion, thereby removing the Tyrion murders Shae plot, which may not be a realistic possibility anymore given how they've portrayed that relationship as akin to a love match at this point.It makes more sense than having Ros be the Dontos as she's reporting to Varys and Varys would surely spoil that plan or at least be made aware of it.
4836	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	Perfect time to reintroduce Ser Dontos is at the Sansa/Tyrion wedding. The could cast him as the fool, then at some point he is able to get her alone or a message to her that he is there to help her.
4837	brashcandy	2013-04-15	It makes more sense than having Ros be the Dontos as she's reporting to Varys and Varys would surely spoil that plan or at least be made aware of it.Yes, that's a good point.Perfect time to reintroduce Ser Dontos is at the Sansa/Tyrion wedding. The could cast him as the fool, then at some point he is able to get her alone or a message to her that he is there to help her.That could work. This is one of Sansa's lowest points in the books, so some good news (the escape plan is still in the works) by an agent of LF's would help to steel her resolve to endure the marriage for the time being.
4838	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	It makes more sense than having Ros be the Dontos as she's reporting to Varys and Varys would surely spoil that plan or at least be made aware of it.Actually.... this is a major complication...Why would Baelish trust some random drunken idiot with the whole Sansa deal over someone he thinks he has in his pocket? It could only be out of some desperation:1) He discovers Ros is a Varys double agent and kills her2) Tywin gets the info from Cersei that Ros is Tyrions whore so he kills her3) D&D realise how f***ing stupid the Ros character is so they kill her off by having an errant chamber pot fall on her head as she was walking down a lane.Its the only way I can see to get them out of the mess they have created with Ros.
4839	Longspear Ryk	2013-04-15	Actually.... this is a major complication...Why would Baelish trust some random drunken idiot with the whole Sansa deal over someone he thinks he has in his pocket? It could only be out of some desperation:1) He discovers Ros is a Varys double agent and kills her2) Tywin gets the info from Cersei that Ros is Tyrions whore so he kills her3) D&D realise how f***ing stupid the Ros character is so they kill her off by having an errant chamber pot fall on her head as she was walking down a lane.Its the only way I can see to get them out of the mess they have created with Ros.But littlefinger did trust some drunken fool with sansa in the book. What mess they created with ros? You dont even know how ill play out how do you know they put themseleves in a mess? Are you a writer for the show?
4840	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	I think they're simply going to reinsert Dontos's storyline into the plot, where he'll now be acting as the one meeting with Sansa while LF is off in the Vale. I don't imagine it should be too confusing for viewers, since everyone knows now that LF is the one who's planning on getting her out of the city, and Dontos will be presented as another one of his various low-level employees handling the details.It does seem like LF is being set up to discover the truth about Shae, but I don't think he'll use the information to come between Shae and Sansa. For one, LF has no reason to perceive Shae as a threat, and with the portrayal of jealous!Shae in E2, it looks like the wedding between Sansa and Tyrion might be enough to cause problems amongst all of them. Littlefinger could reveal the truth to Tywin, who then follows through on his threat to Tyrion, thereby removing the Tyrion murders Shae plot, which may not be a realistic possibility anymore given how they've portrayed that relationship as akin to a love match at this point.Aha!  This makes perfect sense, and I also @ brashcandy, #8 above, have been wondering what they will do with this whole making Shae out to be a 'good' character.  If so, then she probably won't be presented as testifying against Tyrion at his trial, a pity since I saw that as a major, major example of how much Tyrion's family has screwed him over.
4841	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-15	But littlefinger did trust some drunken fool with sansa in the book. What mess they created with ros? You dont even know how ill play out how do you know they put themseleves in a mess? Are you a writer for the show?My tongue was firmly in my cheek there. I thought it might have shown with the chamber pot, but I guess I missed the mark.But there is a big issue with Ros having any involvement with the Sansa escape given Ros's relations with Varys.
4842	brashcandy	2013-04-15	Aha!  This makes perfect sense, and I also @ brashcandy, #8 above, have been wondering what they will do with this whole making Shae out to be a 'good' character.  If so, then she probably won't be presented as testifying against Tyrion at his trial, a pity since I saw that as a major, major example of how much Tyrion's family has screwed him over.Indeed. But yes, at this stage I'm really struggling with how they're going to turn it all around and have Shae willing to collude with the Lannisters, not only against Tyrion but Sansa as well, since she too was implicated by Shae's testimony in the books. I can see a rift developing between Tyrion and Shae due to the marriage; she may accuse him of not doing enough to go against his father, but that would still put Shae more in the realm of disillusionment and hurt, not bitterness and outright anger. If the showrunners had followed the book then of course Shae's reasoning is understandable: she's a prostitute who never had any genuine loyalty to Tyrion and must ensure her own safety. But now that they've created a virtually new character, I don't know what her motivations would be leading up such a testimony, nevermind Tyrion's decision to strangle her.
4843	shiola	2013-04-15	Would any non reader actually remember Dontos at this point?  I don't think they would.
4844	brashcandy	2013-04-15	Would any non reader actually remember Dontos at this point?  I don't think they would.I'd argue that it doesn't really matter. I don't think many non-readers might have remembered Barristan, but a quick flashback intro of Sansa saving him in Season 2 and problem solved.
4845	shiola	2013-04-15	Ah, fair enough.  I forgot about the magic of flashbacks.
4846	Effie	2013-04-15	Littlefinger could reveal the truth to Tywin, who then follows through on his threat to Tyrion, thereby removing the Tyrion murders Shae plot, which may not be a realistic possibility anymore given how they've portrayed that relationship as akin to a love match at this point.I think this is very possible (although not really sure how LF will reveal this to Tywin; I just can't quite picture that) I just think it makes sense to have Tywin kill her and give Tyrion more reason to kill him in the end, thus remaining everybody's darling and not too much the evil kinslayer. (Not sure at this point, but maybe Shae is becoming that part because the show hasn't given much info on Tyrion's first marriage and showing the evil of Tywin in that regard. I might be wrong though)
4847	brashcandy	2013-04-15	I think this is very possible (although not really sure how LF will reveal this to Tywin; I just can't quite picture that) I just think it makes sense to have Tywin kill her and give Tyrion more reason to kill him in the end, thus remaining everybody's darling and not too much the evil kinslayer. (Not sure at this point, but maybe Shae is becoming that part because the show hasn't given much info on Tyrion's first marriage and showing the evil of Tywin in that regard. I might be wrong though)Yeah, I'm not sure.... I mean, if the PW is going to be in Season 4 then there may be time to show the breakdown of his relationship with Shae, thereby making what happens at the trial and afterwards a bit more plausible. But as it looks right now, coupled with the current Tyrion whitewashing, it makes more sense if she's killed by Tywin and he takes his revenge against his father for that.
					
					
							Edited by brashcandy, 15 April 2013 - 02:10 PM.
4848	LordStoneheart	2013-04-11	The previews have shown us that Melisandre will somehow interact with the brotherhood without banners. There's the obvious Thoros-Red God Priest connection with the two, but I just realized something else that could happen.
Melisandre could take the place of the Ghost of High Heart in a way. Maybe she meets Arya and says what the Ghost says in the books. I'm sure the very dedicated fans can recited part of them in their sleep.
We already (book readers) know that Melisandre has visions of the future, or just claims to depending on your trust in her. Those who only watch the show know that she's magical with the poison drinking and shadow baby-making.
It also appears Stannis wants to ask for another 'son' from her. Instead of Courtnay could her second shadow assassin go after a man on a bridge? I don't know if her shadows have a reception range, but I don't see why they would be restricted.
That's about the only way I could see Melisandre and the BWB characters connecetd.
4849	insertname	2013-04-12	Well, in the promos there's a shot with Mel and Gendry, so the idea is that Gendry will work as a replacement for Edric Storm. Good idea about using Mel for prophecies of the Ghost of High heart. Not sure if they'll include those at all, but if they do, it sure makes sense to have Mel do it.
4850	protar	2013-04-12	I don't think they're really doing any of the little prophecies tbh. They're not really needed, just fun little things for avid readers to analyse. In the show they would just constrict screen time. I do wish the show focused a bit more on the prophecies, but I can see why they're minimising it.
4851	Nezzer	2013-04-12	Mel is not meeting the Brotherhood this episode. She'll only get there in episode 6.
4852	The Flaying Man	2013-04-12	It's pretty much agreed that Gendry is taking on the role of Edric Storm, and Melisandre will retrieve him. Also, Bryan Cogman confirmed over on WiC that GRRM wrote the scene between the two of them; it's in episode 7.
4853	tito5601	2013-04-12	i saw in the preview mel taking a good look at beric and she kind of has that shocked face that she realises because of all his scars that he has been resurected then she turns to thoros and he gives her a look that confirms that
4854	Dustdevil	2013-04-12	If they replace Mel with the Ghost of High Heart then who is going to make the prophecy about AA or the PtwP being reborn from the line of Aerys and Rhaella, which imo is a very important part of the prophecy? Also I can  see why they left most parts of the prophecy out but the ones made by the GoHH are so metaphorical that you can leave them in. Or atleast the ones that Patchface makes. But that's a bit off-topic.
4855	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-12	I was curious, has anyone considered the Mel scenes, with Thoros or Beric, could possibly be done by using visions through the fires??  I'm just thinking that perhaps they will have them connect and interact through the fires, not necessarily that Melisandre will physically be with The Brotherhood for the scenes.
4856	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	I was curious, has anyone considered the Mel scenes, with Thoros or Beric, could possibly be done by using visions through the fires??  I'm just thinking that perhaps they will have them connect and interact through the fires, not necessarily that Melisandre will physically be with The Brotherhood for the scenes.No, she's definitely interacting with Beric and Gendry. It would also be super cheesy Harry Potter style to do that and there's no precedent to assume its even possible.
4857	Lord Davos Seaworth	2013-04-12	It's pretty much agreed that Gendry is taking on the role of Edric Storm, and Melisandre will retrieve him. Also, Bryan Cogman confirmed over on WiC that GRRM wrote the scene between the two of them; it's in episode 7.It's stuff like this in the show that depresses me a lot, because to me this says that the two won't have unique roles to play in the future, especially if it was written by GRRM...
					
					
							Edited by Lord Davos Seaworth, 12 April 2013 - 07:51 PM.
4858	Nezzer	2013-04-12	It's stuff like this in the show that depresses me a lot, because to me this says that the two won't have unique roles to play in the future, especially if it was written by GRRM...Why not? So many people talk about this change as if Stannis did actually burn Edric. Gendry is not going to die in Dragonstone. Davos can send him away back to the Riverlands and everything will be the same once again, almost like the change had never happened.
4859	The Flaying Man	2013-04-12	Why not? So many people talk about this change as if Stannis did actually burn Edric. Gendry is not going to die in Dragonstone. Davos can send him away back to the Riverlands and everything will be the same once again, almost like the change had never happened.Exactly. Plus, a few shots in various promos show Melisandre reacting in amazement at seeing how Thoros has resurrected Beric. Could this be hinting towards Jon Snow's eventual resurrection? Only time will tell.
4860	go joff go	2013-04-12	It's stuff like this in the show that depresses me a lot, because to me this says that the two won't have unique roles to play in the future, especially if it was written by GRRM...But stuff like that doesn't work on TV.  It would be pretty unsatisfying if a character who is only on for maybe a scene with no characterization actually ends up having some huge role in the series. its like Mago (sp?) and GRRM saying that he has a big role.  There is literally nothing Mago can do that he can't be replace by a random Dothraki.  Its the same for Storm.  There is nothing he can do that is so impotant that D&D couldn't just make up a bastard to accomplish it if they had to.
4861	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-12	Anybody think Gendry is going to find out who his daddy was?
Because the book version of the BWB would have gone nuts with that info.
4862	TheEvilKing	2013-04-13	I'm looking forward to the interactions between Thoros and Mel. They're the two most prominent Red Priests in the books yet have wildly different personalities and general outlooks. Maybe Mel will teach Thoros how to read the flames. Would be fun to give her the "wold child, blood child" lines  (or whatever she calls Arya) since I'm 98% sure we won't see the Ghost of High Heart.
4863	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-13	No, she's definitely interacting with Beric and Gendry. It would also be super cheesy Harry Potter style to do that and there's no precedent to assume its even possible.I do think, eventually, it seems Mel will actually interact with them, I just meant perhaps the initial scenes would be more along the lines of the fire visions.  There's alot of things that happen on the show that doesn't tie into the books, and I wouldn't rule out the idea of it being like visions seen in the fires, at first anyway.  They have to find some way to show the non reading audience that there really is something to all these visions that are seen in the fires, perhaps an initial peek through Mel to The Brotherhood would be one way to do that.Granted I could be wrong, it was just something I wondered about.  Last we knew, Mel was at Dragonstone, how the heck does she turn up in the next episode in the middle of The Riverlands with The Brotherhood, if I understand that part correctly.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Fevre Dream, 13 April 2013 - 08:58 AM.
4864	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-13	It also appears Stannis wants to ask for another 'son' from her. Instead of Courtnay could her second shadow assassin go after a man on a bridge? I don't know if her shadows have a reception range, but I don't see why they would be restricted.This wouldn't work, A: because it would conflict with the important fact that whilst Mel may have predicted the deaths of the three kings, she certainly wasn't responsible for any of them, B: because show watchers - and book readers for that matter - would all think: why the hell doesn't she kill someone like Tywin or Joffrey if her shadow babies are so powerful? which would aid significantly in getting Stannis onto the throne, C: because it would make the entire character of Euron confusing, and D: because having a FM scene would be badass (if done well, naturally).
4865	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-13	and I have come to the conclusion that I do like the idea of Thoros and Mel having a little chat. One of the great things about the show is that we can see scenes between interesting non-POV characters interacting with each other.
4866	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-13	and I have come to the conclusion that I do like the idea of Thoros and Mel having a little chat. One of the great things about the show is that we can see scenes between interesting non-POV characters interacting with each other.I actually ship them... /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' /> /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
4867	Rhaenys Sand	2013-04-13	Is it me or does it look like Melisandre is standing next to Gendry while their both topless?
4868	Igziabeher	2013-04-14	It does look that way.  Not sure if anything sexual will happen or he's just topless to be leeched.  Also I think Mel will meet the Brotherhood after Arya leaves with the Hound.
4869	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-14	So Gendry on the show knows that the Gold Cloaks and Lannisters were specifically after him, and that two Hands of the King and Stannis were visiting him, also asking questions about his mother and "how ya doin'?" -
he's got to be wondering about WTF is up.
come to think of it, Thoros should have known Bobby Baratheon personally, he can see what Gendry looks like, Gendry would be unlikely to withhold from him (given time and trust) all the above info - they should figure this one out, shouldn't they?
					
					
							Edited by No Avatar- that movie suck, 14 April 2013 - 12:11 PM.
4870	MaximeAC	2013-04-14	Merging Genrdy with Edric Storm is one of the best Ideas !! In the books, the Gendry story line felt promising yet was uneventfull bordeline boring... But in the book, shes not making a shadow son, she need his blood to put in the fire no? And is she going to kill Balon Greyjoy ? Stannis made no mention of him to her on the beach !
4871	Harrad	2013-04-14	All the foreshadowings in the GoT, even more than the books make me think that Stannis will sit upon the Iron Throne. But not for long..I reckon.
4872	winterstood	2013-04-15	I hope they don't replace the Ghost of High Heart with Melisandre - I mean, really!? - totally different set of gods. The ghost is a child of the forest representing the old gods to the fullest. Thoros can't even read the flames when he's on high heart. Melisandre is red god. They shouldn't mix that up.
On the other hand - having Gendry replace Edric Storm - brilliant idea. Less confusion - you only have 10 shows in the season. The ghost can be a one-off part that wouldn't add to any confusion - so they should keep her as she is - if they're even going to use that scene (w/ the prophecies).
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 15 April 2013 - 12:15 AM.
4873	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	Edric Storm was a pretty useless character anyways.  Made more sense in the books since Martin had the luxury of having thousands of characters, but pointless for a television show where you're expected to juggle an ensemble cast. 
I wonder if Mel and Thoros will meet face to face and have a scene?  Would be interesting.  I personally don't read any tv episode spoilers, so I'll wait for any surprises.  Gotta have something left as a mystery for a book reader.
4874	Katsa	2013-04-15	I wonder if Mel and Thoros will meet face to face and have a scene?  Would be interesting.Yes, they will. I remember seeing a preview on Youtube in which Mel examines Lord Beric and was surprised that Thoros was able to give him the kiss of life or whatnot. Here it is: http://youtu.be/SN28-TdHCbI?t=7m52s
					
					
							Edited by Katsa, 15 April 2013 - 02:52 AM.
4875	Net-Viper X	2013-04-15	Damn, what if Mel really is the Ghost of High Heart? It could be that the creepy little old lady is what she really looks like under that glamour!! And Stannis got some of that!!
4876	Kienn	2013-04-15	The way I remember it the ghost of high heart is really minor... mainly she just tells Thoros where to find Beric.
More likely the other prophecies will be cut from the show entirely, prophecy stuff does not work well on screen so I'm pretty sure they're keeping it to the bare minimum for the show, just MMD's prophecy to Dany so far iirc.
4877	BlackBird	2013-04-15	[Edit - font came out really small]: I also like the idea of combining Gendry & Edric's characters, but can't wrap my head around the logistics of Mel getting from Dragonstone to the Riverlands and back to Dragonstone, unscathed, in a relatively short amount of time. If Mel actually meets Arya there, then I also wonder how she could mistake the "girl on the grey horse" vision in the future. Apparently GRRM is writing the episode where Gendry & Mel have their get together, so that adds some credibility. But it reminds of Baelish's travels last season - going from Highgarden to Harrenhal on some high speed train.
					
					
							Edited by BlackBird, 15 April 2013 - 08:55 AM.
4878	oprahnoodlemantra	2013-04-15	[Edit - font came out really small]: I also like the idea of combining Gendry & Edric's characters, but can't wrap my head around the logistics of Mel getting from Dragonstone to the Riverlands and back to Dragonstone, unscathed, in a relatively short amount of time. If Mel actually meets Arya there, then I also wonder how she could mistake the "girl on the grey horse" vision in the future. Apparently GRRM is writing the episode where Gendry & Mel have their get together, so that adds some credibility. But it reminds of Baelish's travels last season - going from Highgarden to Harrenhal on some high speed train.Arya will probably be gone by the time Mel gets there. Maybe she'll move a bit quicker because she's all alone and the Lord of Light is providing her with a turbo boost.
4879	BluePG	2013-04-15	Is it me or does it look like Melisandre is standing next to Gendry while their both topless?I've seen people say this a couple of times but haven't seen the correct preview. Anyone have a link?I'm glad they combine Edric/Gendry too. Because if you hadn't read the books it would be just one more storyline to remember.Also, because I haven't seen the previews with Mel and Gendry I can't say fo sure, but after hearing Mel talk to Stannis It seems like she is going off to create another shadow baby with Gendry. But with no mention of a Balon Greyjoy, who is this shadow baby supposed to kill? I mean, the Red Wedding doesn't involve any shadow people.
4880	Kienn	2013-04-15	I've seen people say this a couple of times but haven't seen the correct preview. Anyone have a link?I'm glad they combine Edric/Gendry too. Because if you hadn't read the books it would be just one more storyline to remember.Also, because I haven't seen the previews with Mel and Gendry I can't say fo sure, but after hearing Mel talk to Stannis It seems like she is going off to create another shadow baby with Gendry. But with no mention of a Balon Greyjoy, who is this shadow baby supposed to kill? I mean, the Red Wedding doesn't involve any shadow people.Welcome to the forums!If I remember right Mel brought up king's blood to work her magic, Stannis said he is the only true king, and Mel replied by saying that other people have his blood. When asked to make another shadow baby she shot it down, so I take the scene as a good set up to leech (or just cut a wound to get blood for show purposes) one of Stannis' relatives (Gendry).
4881	Warrior Queen	2013-04-03	Will this episode feature Sansa and Tyrion's wedding?
I know i might seem a little early (since it has been rumored this would happen in episode 8) 
but to me this makes sense. 
The title of the episode might refer to her walking down the aisle as a punishment. The plans for the marriage are made right after Tywin hears the Tyrell's plan to marry her to Willas (which Sansa kinda agrees to)
As we saw in the episode #2 preview Sansa will have her talk with Marg and the QoT in episode 2. The marriage to Willas comes up in this conversation in the book (if i remember correctly).  
In the book the marriage to Tyrion happens really fast after this. 
Also, news travels quite slow in Westeros. Since the Red Wedding will be in episode 9 Robb needs to hear of Sansa her wedding before he travels to the Twins (his will and all)  
So what do you guys think?
4882	Crown	2013-04-04	No, Tyrion and Sansa's wedding will be in either episode 7 or 8.
4883	WinterWarrior	2013-04-04	I'd say Sansa's wedding is either episode 6 or 7. But who knows.
4884	Crown	2013-04-04	I'd say Sansa's wedding is either episode 6 or 7. But who knows.It was confirmed for episode 8, but then they decided to swap a few scenes and change the title of episode 7 so people assumed the wedding was also moved.
4885	Nezzer	2013-04-05	Walk of Punishment is the replacement for the Plaza of Punishment in Astapor in the show. That will probably be the literal meaning of the title, but I'm sure there will be other scenes that could be related to it.
4886	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-08	I was thinking it had something to do with Jaime having his hand cut off and being forced to walk with it tied around his neck, but 
	Spoiler considering that the episode ends with his hand getting cut off, I'm not sure whether this is the case
4887	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-08	I'm presuming there will be something about Theon being set free by Ramsay.
4888	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-08	I think that it has to do with Theon and Ramsay's games.
4889	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	I dunno, the episodes are going through events way faster than I thought they would but I don't have a problem with that. For example I almost died of shock when the hound appeared at the end of the last episode. However I don't think the events are moving so fast that Sansa and Tyrion's wedding will be in this episode. I think the title is referring to Theon and him being punished, Jamie and his hand (that's going to be one heck of a farewell party) and possibly Tywin scorning Tyrion, Cersei or Joffrey. Personally I'm hoping its Joffrey.
4890	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-08	At first I thought it was punishment for Sansa agreeing to go with the tyrells. But now I'm thinking it could be a punishment for theon trying to scape the same way he wanted to punish the "stark" children. But who knows we can speculate till the episode airs I guess.
4891	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-08	As a sidenote, I don't think Willas will be mentioned in the next episode (or in this season at all). I'm betting my money on the QoT proposing a marriage between Sansa and Loras, Sansa gets excited, Joffrey and Tywin gets wind of these plans, Joffrey promotes Loras to the Kingsguard and Tywin marries Sansa to Tyrion. And Sansa, who's fancied Loras since season 1 will get her heart broken. The impact will be greater on the nonreading audience if she was to marry Loras, rather than some Tyrell we haven't yet seen in the show.
4892	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-04-08	I'd narrow it down to Dany or/and Theon. The plaza of punishment is a good shout and I'd guess it'll have to do with her walking to Kraznys with Drogon past the slaves.
4893	towerofjoy	2013-04-08	I think it's about the nights watch getting waylaid by white walkers on their way to crasters.
4894	Juan_Snow	2013-04-08	As a sidenote, I don't think Willas will be mentioned in the next episode (or in this season at all). I'm betting my money on the QoT proposing a marriage between Sansa and Loras, Sansa gets excited, Joffrey and Tywin gets wind of these plans, Joffrey promotes Loras to the Kingsguard and Tywin marries Sansa to Tyrion. And Sansa, who's fancied Loras since season 1 will get her heart broken. The impact will be greater on the nonreading audience if she was to marry Loras, rather than some Tyrell we haven't yet seen in the show.Wow, that makes perfect sense.  It saves the viewers from having to figure out who Willas is, and makes the wedding to Tyrion that much more awful for Sansa.  I'd be surprised if you're not right.
4895	shiola	2013-04-08	Wait, are we speculating that Dracarys will be in the next episode?
4896	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	I dunno, the episodes are going through events way faster than I thought they would but I don't have a problem with that. For example I almost died of shock when the hound appeared at the end of the last episode.Arya's got a lot of people to see and places to go I think she's got 10 chapters in SoS that are definitely covered(or skipped) this season.
4897	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-08	I think it's theons and Jamie's and possibly the hounds walk of punishment...
And if I recall correctly where Danny is when she takes the unsullied is the plaza of punishment?
All these things could tie in.
4898	Nictarion	2013-04-09	Wait, are we speculating that Dracarys will be in the next episode?I think dracarys will be episode 4. The people who got the first 4 episodes early said the end of episode 4 gave them goosebumps. My guess is that is referring to dracarys.
4899	Northbound	2013-04-09	The title I think refers to one of three things
1)The NW's travel back to Crasters Keep, while being followed by the Others
2)Ramsey's little hunt/game of Theon
3)Jamie being hurt at the hands of Bolton's men(doubt they cut his hand off on the show, just make it where he no longer can use it)
					
					
							Edited by Northbound, 09 April 2013 - 08:33 AM.
4900	Danelle	2013-04-09	The title I think refers to one of three things1)The NW's travel back to Crasters Keep, while being followed by the Others2)Ramsey's little hunt/game of Theon3)Jamie being hurt at the hands of Bolton's men(doubt they cut his hand off on the show, just make it where he no longer can use it)Interesting, if I recall correctly, Jaime after his hand was cut, the Bloody Mummers humiliated him and then  he was taken to Harrenhal. Perhaps the title could be a combination of all these things.
4901	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	I think it refers to Jaime and Theon's terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
And probably slaves being punished in Astapor?
Oh also maybe Arya trying to get away and then them keeping her captive?
					
					
							Edited by Jenthehen, 09 April 2013 - 10:15 AM.
4902	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-09	As a sidenote, I don't think Willas will be mentioned in the next episode (or in this season at all). I'm betting my money on the QoT proposing a marriage between Sansa and Loras, Sansa gets excited, Joffrey and Tywin gets wind of these plans, Joffrey promotes Loras to the Kingsguard and Tywin marries Sansa to Tyrion. And Sansa, who's fancied Loras since season 1 will get her heart broken. The impact will be greater on the nonreading audience if she was to marry Loras, rather than some Tyrell we haven't yet seen in the show.Good call.  I bet you are right.  I almost hope you are because it would make for better television than mentioning Willas.  It will be harder on Sansa that way too and the viewers will be more outraged.
4903	tito5601	2013-04-09	no way is the wedding happening this soon i think itll be karstark who gets punished for maybe killing some lannisters next episode
4904	Ignacia	2013-04-09	I think this is the Walk of Punishment: http://wicnet.tumblr...ason-3-more-forSo a replacement of the Plaza of Punishment.Of course, the title is probably also a reference to Theon's, Jaime's, and possibly Sam's storylines.Not Sansa and Tyrion's, though. Thats more likely in ep. 8.
4905	Words of Winter	2013-04-10	As a sidenote, I don't think Willas will be mentioned in the next episode (or in this season at all). I'm betting my money on the QoT proposing a marriage between Sansa and Loras, Sansa gets excited, Joffrey and Tywin gets wind of these plans, Joffrey promotes Loras to the Kingsguard and Tywin marries Sansa to Tyrion. And Sansa, who's fancied Loras since season 1 will get her heart broken. The impact will be greater on the nonreading audience if she was to marry Loras, rather than some Tyrell we haven't yet seen in the show.I actually hope they do this.  It condenses the world to a manageable amount for a TV show.
4906	Turin Turambar	2013-04-10	Theon being chased by Ramsay or Jaime having to walk after Bolton's men cut off his hand.
4907	podrick_payne45	2013-04-10	Karstark execution?
4908	insertname	2013-04-10	Theon being chased by Ramsay or Jaime having to walk after Bolton's men cut off his hand.Both probably
4909	sennahoj	2013-04-10	I think both Theon and Jaime being punished would be enough to mirror the episode title. I expect it will also refer to Astapor and the Plaza of Punishment. Recalling the promo pics of Daenerys walking along the city wall passing several slaves chained to the crosses (would be a perfect transition to or from the Boltons I think), the Walk of Punishment could also refer to Dany's moral dilemma of wanting to buy a slave army but despising slavery and being unable to buy the freedom for all the Astapori slaves. I think it's too early for Dracarys this episode, but maybe she hatches her plan to free the slaves, which will then be put into practice in ep.4.
4910	Warrior Queen	2013-04-10	I think dracarys will be episode 4. The people who got the first 4 episodes early said the end of episode 4 gave them goosebumps. My guess is that is referring to dracarys.Nope, i think episode 4 might end with Karstarks head being removed from his boy.. that would definitely give me goosebumps!
4911	aedalia	2013-04-10	As a sidenote, I don't think Willas will be mentioned in the next episode (or in this season at all). I'm betting my money on the QoT proposing a marriage between Sansa and Loras, Sansa gets excited, Joffrey and Tywin gets wind of these plans, Joffrey promotes Loras to the Kingsguard and Tywin marries Sansa to Tyrion. And Sansa, who's fancied Loras since season 1 will get her heart broken. The impact will be greater on the nonreading audience if she was to marry Loras, rather than some Tyrell we haven't yet seen in the show.Bloody brilliant. If this doesn't happen, I bet the writers will wish they had thought of it.
4912	Juan_Snow	2013-04-10	Bloody brilliant. If this doesn't happen, I bet the writers will wish they had thought of it.Actually now that I think about it, what about the Kingsguard?  Isn't Loras on the Kingsguard in the show too?  That would kind of screw up the marriage to Sansa idea.
4913	insertname	2013-04-10	Loras is not on the Kingsguard yet.
4914	Archana The Brown Walker	2013-04-11	I think it refers to Jaime and Theon's terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />And probably slaves being punished in Astapor?Oh also maybe Arya trying to get away and then them keeping her captive?I want to make a small correction there. Slavers get punished, not slaves.By the way, i read in some other forum that dracarys! is expected in episode 4.
4915	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	I want to make a small correction there. Slavers get punished, not slaves.By the way, i read in some other forum that dracarys! is expected in episode 4.Well doesn't Astapor have, like, a place of punishment for slaves and it really freaks Dany out? It could be that ...
4916	anizzle	2013-04-11	As a sidenote, I don't think Willas will be mentioned in the next episode (or in this season at all). I'm betting my money on the QoT proposing a marriage between Sansa and Loras, Sansa gets excited, Joffrey and Tywin gets wind of these plans, Joffrey promotes Loras to the Kingsguard and Tywin marries Sansa to Tyrion. And Sansa, who's fancied Loras since season 1 will get her heart broken. The impact will be greater on the nonreading audience if she was to marry Loras, rather than some Tyrell we haven't yet seen in the show. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> But I wonder if the audience will  feel as bad for Sansa as book readers do, since Peter Dinklage is pretty good-looking and generally awesome.Karstark execution?Yes, IIRC he is executed because he/his men kill two young Lannister hostages.
4917	aedalia	2013-04-11	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> But I wonder if the audience will  feel as bad for Sansa as book readers do, since Peter Dinklage is pretty good-looking and generally awesome.I think they're going to have to have a scene where she genuinely believes she's marrying Loras. Hugging Margaery, granny, even Shae. Crying for joy, that kind of thing, because you're right, people do love Dinklage.
4918	FacelessSnow	2013-04-11	I think they're going to have to have a scene where she genuinely believes she's marrying Loras. Hugging Margaery, granny, even Shae. Crying for joy, that kind of thing, because you're right, people do love Dinklage.Wouldn't this make her want to not leave KL?  Might make for some good scenes with Little Finger, maybe some plotting and spying between LF, Tywin, QoT (with Shae/Ros and Varys tied in for good measure)Edit: Unless they plan on her and Loras inheriting Highgarden in which case the Kingsguard appointment by Joffrey would be an incorporatingly cunning move by Tywin
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 11 April 2013 - 01:27 PM.
4919	Maxthestig	2013-04-11	I think this Title will be to do with Theon ?
4920	aedalia	2013-04-11	Wouldn't this make her want to not leave KL?  Might make for some good scenes with Little Finger, maybe some plotting and spying between LF, Tywin, QoT (with Shae/Ros and Varys tied in for good measure)Edit: Unless they plan on her and Loras inheriting Highgarden in which case the Kingsguard appointment by Joffrey would be an incorporatingly cunning move by TywinYeah, many people think they're going to write off Wilas and make it so Loras was to inherit Highgarden until his appointment. It seems a very clever solution to me.
4921	Baratheon3508	2013-04-12	Wouldn't this make her want to not leave KL?  Might make for some good scenes with Little Finger, maybe some plotting and spying between LF, Tywin, QoT (with Shae/Ros and Varys tied in for good measure)Edit: Unless they plan on her and Loras inheriting Highgarden in which case the Kingsguard appointment by Joffrey would be an incorporatingly cunning move by TywinI agree! This would be perfect as it would mirror what Aerys did to Tywin- took his only suitable heir to Casterley rock and put him in the Kingsguard disguising it as a "great honour", but really it was to keep Jaime close in order to guarantee Tywin's loyalty to him. Works really well with the ridiculous amounts of parallels between the Lannisters and the Tyrells in general and more specifically Jaime and Loras.
4922	Wings	2013-04-13	They can's replace Willas with Loras, because Loras is in the KG.
The title may refer to many things; the plaza in Astapor, Ramsay's game, Jaime losing his hand, the trial of the Hound.
4923	insertname	2013-04-14	They can's replace Willas with Loras, because Loras is in the KG.The title may refer to many things; the plaza in Astapor, Ramsay's game, Jaime losing his hand, the trial of the Hound.He's not yet in the show.
4924	Harrad	2013-04-14	The walk of the Night's Watch back to the Wall.  Punishment for hubris?
4925	JMJ	2013-04-15	Well, it looks like given the dialogue between Dany, Jorah and Selmy, the "Walk of Punishment" refers to the slaves sentenced to death displayed along the walkway in Astapor.
4926	Honey Badger	2013-04-15	Looks like there are as many interpretations as the red comet.  Walk for the slaves in Astapor, for Theon, for Jaime, and the NW.  All of them are getting punished.
4927	Dementia	2013-04-15	Really don't think it was a great name for this episode.
4928	KSims1868	2013-04-15	Really don't think it was a great name for this episode.Yeah - I don't feel like we got the "walk of punishment" from anyone.
4929	RobertF	2013-04-14	Question about business transactions when slavers such as such as Kraznys mo Nakloz sell their Unsullied warriors (spoilers ahead):
	Spoiler  What's to stop customers from simply killing the slavers after purchasing the slaver's army, then reclaiming their money? Surely Kraznys should have been smart enough to hold on to most of his troops as a personal bodyguard. I guess he was just too arrogant and greedy for his own good when Daenerys offered one of her dragons?
4930	Delmas	2013-04-15	greed is usually what leads people to getting conned.
4931	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-15	arrogance, greed, and not realising what it means to sell all at once ot one buyer /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
EDIT: Plus they were thinking about the "game" with its rules (same way as to why Dothraki don't pillage Free Cities and why Free Cities do not hire Golden Company to burn down Dosh Khaleen and kill off Horselords - because Free Cities and Dothraki form a symbiosis of trade and slave trade). It didn't occur to them someone may want to not only change the rules, but smash the board.
					
					
							Edited by Runaway Penguin, 15 April 2013 - 04:12 AM.
4932	GallowsKnight	2013-04-15	People could never afford ALL of the unsullied before. And as others said if Slaver's bay was destroyed where would people sell slaves? It never occurred someone would want to dismantle the system and be rich enough to buy all the unsullied.
4933	lostinwesteros	2013-04-15	Didn't catch any underpinning of a business model except that, again, I loved the way he played the role, and the whole scene explosively illustrated his treatment of the slaves.
4934	Mr Hodor	2013-04-15	i just hope they will show dany speaking the Valyrian language next time
4935	Greywolf2375	2013-04-15	Question about business transactions when slavers such as such as Kraznys mo Nakloz sell their Unsullied warriors (spoilers ahead):
	Spoiler  What's to stop customers from simply killing the slavers after purchasing the slaver's army, then reclaiming their money? Surely Kraznys should have been smart enough to hold on to most of his troops as a personal bodyguard. I guess he was just too arrogant and greedy for his own good when Daenerys offered one of her dragons?
When someone is buying 1 or 2k Unsullied, there are still 5-7k left, so they still have the defences around them.  In this instance there was nothing like that available, which is why they got played the way they did.  They got greedy in seeing a dragon available to them, lost sight of what was happening and opened themselves up for it.
4936	jarl the climber	2013-04-15	What I have never understood is if the Unsullied are that good why doesn't anybody else have any? We know Quohor uses them and in the book its mentioned that some corsairs were interested in purchasing a few, stiil you figure that each of the three great slave cities wold have a garrison of a couple of thousand of these guys as insurance policy.
Still the slavers saw her as a Dothraki who talked about invading Westeros without any ships. I suppose they saw themselves as getting in on the ground floor and that this dragon would just be the beginning. All the plunder and captives she took in her campaign to raise money for ships would end up flowing back to them. Either that or they thought she was really more interested in rebuilding her dead husbands khalasar. I guess they never really thought she had a beef with them or had anything to gain by attacking them.
4937	DurararaFTW	2013-04-15	What I have never understood is if the Unsullied are that good why doesn't anybody else have any? We know Quohor uses them and in the book its mentioned that some corsairs were interested in purchasing a few, stiil you figure that each of the three great slave cities wold have a garrison of a couple of thousand of these guys as insurance policy.Still the slavers saw her as a Dothraki who talked about invading Westeros without any ships. I suppose they saw themselves as getting in on the ground floor and that this dragon would just be the beginning. All the plunder and captives she took in her campaign to raise money for ships would end up flowing back to them. Either that or they thought she was really more interested in rebuilding her dead husbands khalasar. I guess they never really thought she had a beef with them or had anything to gain by attacking them.It is mentiond that Illyrio employs them as his houshold guard. So do many people in the free cities, I imagine. And we haven't been to the Disputed Regions yet where most of the war in Essos takes place
4938	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-15	They are too expensive for anyone without a Dragon to use as an army or even a regiment in an army now days, other mercs etc are far cheaper
4939	Harrad	2013-04-15	As mentioned elsewhere, this slave trader is in the running for the Darwin Award in this Universe. Thus his business practices are the worst. He insults Daeneyrs in Valyrian, not realizing she is the heir of the Valyrian dynasty in Westeros. This is despite the fact that she is the only one in the world with Dragons--hint hint. The Dragons are literally her children and he thinks he can keep one away from her. And last he sells his entire army.
4940	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-15	What I have never understood is if the Unsullied are that good why doesn't anybody else have any? We know Quohor uses them and in the book its mentioned that some corsairs were interested in purchasing a few, stiil you figure that each of the three great slave cities wold have a garrison of a couple of thousand of these guys as insurance policy.Slavery is prohibited in Westeros, and I imagine Braavos have similar laws (what with them being the descendants of runaway slaves).8,000 is a very low number compared to what other armies can field and it must take years to bring the force up to that number. Even if one wealthy lord decides to buy them all, others will have to wait decades before they can do the same. When that happens, the first lord probably has lost all of his Unsullied in war or have older warrior that aren't as good as young and welltrained soldiers. And because they're so expensive and have no wish to earn wealth and glory, and thus are completely reliable, I imagine most are indeed used as guards.
4941	Greywolf2375	2013-04-15	He insults Daeneyrs in Valyrian, not realizing she is the heir of the Valyrian dynasty in Westeros.True, but this only re-emphasizes how he views everyone else - no one could possibly be as intelligent or well spoken, etc as he is.  It just shows the weakness he has in trying to make money.
4942	freetickles	2013-04-15	That line was great, although I thought "You little bastard!" was the line of the episode (and didn't want to include it in the topic title since highlighting it is a bit of a book spoiler).Do others agree? I thought the double-meaning was brilliant and a bit of a wink at book readers. I'm wondering if any non-readers will pick up on it, since they may remember that Roose sent his bastard after Theon at Winterfell.Edit - nevermind - this thread picked up on what I was going for before my post showed up: http://asoiaf.wester...-book-spoilers/
					
					
							Edited by freetickles, 15 April 2013 - 01:08 PM.
4943	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	<U+0095> Tyrion gets appointed master of coin and told he will marry Sansa
<U+0095> Jon gets taken to the Fist of the First Men
<U+0095> Dany inspects the Unsullied and agrees to sell Drogon for them
<U+0095> Arya travels with the BwB looking for Beric
<U+0095> Robb and Cat arrive at Riverrun; meet the Tullys; Hoster's funeral
<U+0095> Stannis sends Melisandre on some quest (probably the Gendry theory)
<U+0095> Jaime and Brienne are Locke's prisoners; Jaime gets behanded
<U+0095> Theon is tricked by Ramsay and recaptured
<U+0095> Sam and the Night's Watch arrive at Craster's
I don't think we'll see any Bran, Sansa or Tyrells this episode. They got a fair amount of stuff in episode 2. I'm unsure whether we'll see Davos, or if it's just Stannis and Mel.
4944	Golden Direwolfs Companion	2013-04-08	I hope Jon gets reunited with Ghost at the fist and the Wildings realize that he's a warg.
4945	Queen of Whores	2013-04-08	I hope Jon gets reunited with Ghost at the fist and the Wildings realize that he's a warg.It would make more sense for Jon and Ghost to be reunited when Jon returns to Castle Black at the end of the season, assuming that Ghost sticks with the rest of the NW as they head back to the Wall after Craster's and not follow Sam and Gilly. That woud just be an even stupider deviation than Ghost leaving Jon in season 2 in the first place. It seems like it would have just been easier to have kept Ghost with Jon. I don't get why they changed this.
4946	Lord Varys	2013-04-08	Tyrion may be appointed Master of Coin in this episode, and Littlefinger may get his assignment to bring the Vale back into the King's Peace, but we won't see Tywin commanding Tyrion to marry Sansa yet. First Olenna and Margaery have to offer Sansa a Tyrell match, and Sansa has to spill the beans to Littlefinger - most likely something like 'I don't need you anymore, I won't come with you when you leave the city, I've got friends now!'
Then Littlefinger will go and tell Tywin, and then Tywin will command Tyrion to marry Sansa. They also have to start to establish the poisoning plot. Apparently, Olenna and Varys will have a little chat, but as of yet we have to get a Littlefinger-Olenna conversation.
4947	Capt Banjo	2013-04-08	Episode 3 PreviewFrom the looks of this 36 second vid we get:-Dany negotiating for the Unsullied-Davos/Mel leaving Dragonstone (What are they up to? Getting ready to for the Gendry/Edric storyline?)-Theon set "free" from Ramsay-Robb telling someone "I could have her/your head on a spike by now" (I am guessing it takes place at the Tully funeral, but not sure of the context)-Brienne headbutting one of Locke's men (I feel like this scuffle may lead to the unhanding of Jaime)-Mance sending scouts/Jon to the wall-NW ranging party arrives at Craster's-More Arya and BwB-Tully funeral-Somebody takes an arrow in the back (looks like the "Ramsay" that questioned Theon from ep2, same armor/helm)
4948	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-08	Maybe the Mel/Davos encounter while he's in the cell?
4949	FiyaFly	2013-04-08	Do you think they'll have Sam kill the Other before they get to Craster's? I hope so... I mean he didn't get to send the ravens in the first episode, then at least redeem him a tiny bit and let him kill the Other...
4950	Ser Luke.	2013-04-08	All my predictions:
-Robb leaves Roose in charge of Harrenhal, Tully funeral takes place, Edmure and Blackfish are introduced.
-Daenerys agrees to sell Drogon for the Unsullied, she learns more of Rhaegar from Barristan.
-Stannis orders Davos to be released, Melisandre leaves to find Gendry.
-Theon starts to trust Ramsay.
-Arya and The Brotherhood search for Beric with the Hound in tow.
-Tyrion talks with Varys and subtly threatens Baelish.
-Jaime has his hand cut off.
4951	eetrebor	2013-04-08	All my predictions:-Robb leaves Roose in charge of Harrenhal, Tully funeral takes place, Edmure and Blackfish are introduced.-Daenerys agrees to sell Drogon for the Unsullied, she learns more of Rhaegar from Barristan.-Stannis orders Davos to be released, Melisandre leaves to find Gendry.-Theon starts to trust Ramsay.-Arya and The Brotherhood search for Beric with the Hound in tow.-Tyrion talks with Varys and subtly threatens Baelish.-Jaime has his hand cut off.Robb already left Roose in charge, he told Catelyn that Bolton would maintain a garrison at Harrenhal when they leave for Riverrun.
4952	kevin1989	2013-04-08	Episode 3 PreviewFrom the looks of this 36 second vid we get:-Robb telling someone "I could have her/your head on a spike by now" (I am guessing it takes place at the Tully funeral, but not sure of the context)Karstark. He will have killed the lannister boy this episode.
4953	Chirpy	2013-04-08	I am SO excited to see the Jaime/Brienne storyline play out this season!  I can't wait to see how they do the behanding and the bear pit.
4954	Brandon Ice Eyes	2013-04-08	<U+0080>c Tyrion gets appointed master of coin and told he will marry Sansa<U+0080>c Jon gets taken to the Fist of the First Men<U+0080>c Dany inspects the Unsullied and agrees to sell Drogon for them<U+0080>c Arya travels with the BwB looking for Beric<U+0080>c Robb and Cat arrive at Riverrun; meet the Tullys; Hoster's funeral<U+0080>c Stannis sends Melisandre on some quest (probably the Gendry theory)<U+0080>c Jaime and Brienne are Locke's prisoners; Jaime gets behanded<U+0080>c Theon is tricked by Ramsay and recaptured<U+0080>c Sam and the Night's Watch arrive at Craster'sI don't think we'll see any Bran, Sansa or Tyrells this episode. They got a fair amount of stuff in episode 2. I'm unsure whether we'll see Davos, or if it's just Stannis and Mel. I agree with most of that except I think that Theon will escape and the next episode he will be captured.
4955	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	Apparently, Olenna and Varys will have a little chatjust out of curiosity, how do you know this? i didnt see it in the promo
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 08 April 2013 - 07:35 PM.
4956	Paul Baratheon	2013-04-08	Does anyone hope they actually go and talk to that old woman on the hill to get the prophecies? It might make later events too obvious but I think that would be awesome
4957	Ciglon	2013-04-08	Rast has been very moody lately, do you guys think the reason they put him with Sam is to set up the 'slayer' scene which will make him even more shunned?
I have a feeling that when people start praising Sam the Slayer, they'll start making fun of Rast or he'll get told off by the LC (Rast'll probably piss himself w/ the WW or abandom Sam) and that might lead to Rast killing the Old Bear at Craster's?
I know that in the books he died by a Thenn in the battle at Castle Black, right? But they could easily just have him kill the LC and kill him off sooner/have him run off in order to make it a better scene than just "random NW member #4 kills the LC." At least viewers recognize Rast.
4958	Associate Maester	2013-04-08	Maybe the Mel/Davos encounter while he's in the cell?Don't think Mel and Davos chat in this episode.  Apparently, this is the episode where she goes off on a mission. Apparently, however she doesn't/won't tell Stannis what she is upto.
4959	victim	2013-04-08	Rast has been very moody lately, do you guys think the reason they put him with Sam is to set up the 'slayer' scene which will make him even more shunned?I have a feeling that when people start praising Sam the Slayer, they'll start making fun of Rast or he'll get told off by the LC (Rast'll probably piss himself w/ the WW or abandom Sam) and that might lead to Rast killing the Old Bear at Craster's?I know that in the books he died by a Thenn in the battle at Castle Black, right? But they could easily just have him kill the LC and kill him off sooner/have him run off in order to make it a better scene than just "random NW member #4 kills the LC." At least viewers recognize Rast.Yeah, I'm positive Rast will lead the mutiny (it can't be just one guy stabbing someone in the back because Craster must die too). Rast wasn't with them in Season 2, he wasn't shown to be going Beyond the Wall, but he was a bit of an ass in Season One so rather than cast a new character with a new background to develop, they've just brought in an old one with a prior villainous streak. Pretty cool. None of my friends remembered who he was anyway, but it'll be a nice little nod when they go back and watch again.
4960	Kasrith	2013-04-08	It would make more sense for Jon and Ghost to be reunited when Jon returns to Castle Black at the end of the season, assuming that Ghost sticks with the rest of the NW as they head back to the Wall after Craster's and not follow Sam and Gilly. That woud just be an even stupider deviation than Ghost leaving Jon in season 2 in the first place. It seems like it would have just been easier to have kept Ghost with Jon. I don't get why they changed this.Totally agree with this, they may as well stick with the change now and see it through.As for the walk of punishment, most likely Jaime who's captured now for what, the 3rd time? Theon is probably going to be shameful too when he realizes it's all just a roose [sic]
4961	madprofessah	2013-04-09	All my predictions:-Robb leaves Roose in charge of Harrenhal, Tully funeral takes place, Edmure and Blackfish are introduced.-Daenerys agrees to sell Drogon for the Unsullied, she learns more of Rhaegar from Barristan.-Stannis orders Davos to be released, Melisandre leaves to find Gendry.-Theon starts to trust Ramsay.-Arya and The Brotherhood search for Beric with the Hound in tow.-Tyrion talks with Varys and subtly threatens Baelish.-Jaime has his hand cut off.Wow, if all this gets done then there can be no more complaints about stuff not happening this season!I'm a newbie (who has read all the books, but only once)... What's the Melissandre/Gendry story arc? I must confess I don't remember that at all. I do find it amusing that both Arya and Gendry are most-wanted fugitives while Hot Pie is just along for the ride.
4962	madprofessah	2013-04-09	just out of curiosity, how do you know this? i didnt see it in the promoI do hope that Varys and Olenna do have a talk. I'm annoyed that Lord Varys is yet to make an appearance in Season 3! Anyone else agree?
					
					
							Edited by madprofessah, 09 April 2013 - 06:45 AM.
4963	Funkagenda	2013-04-09	I'm really looking forward to the scene at Craster's or will the betrayal happen an episode later?
4964	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-09	I've been thinking about this today: what if, rather than have the leeches take Gendry's blood, Mel looks to create another shadowbaby with him? In the preview, Stannis tells Mel to "make him another son". But as readers know, Mel can't make another with Stannis without endangering his life? So what if she looks to make one with Gendry? We do see a shot of both Mel and Gendry seemingly naked in one of the teasers. Maybe king's blood is needed to make shadowbabies in show canon?
4965	mafalda	2013-04-09	I'm really looking forward to the scene at Craster's or will the betrayal happen an episode later?I think this happens in episode four, titled "And now his watch has ended" or something like that. Because they kill the LC at Craster's Keep, so his watch ends. But the previews for episode three definitely show the NW at Craster's.I've been thinking about this today: what if, rather than have the leeches take Gendry's blood, Mel looks to create another shadowbaby with him? In the preview, Stannis tells Mel to "make him another son". But as readers know, Mel can't make another with Stannis without endangering his life? So what if she looks to make one with Gendry? We do see a shot of both Mel and Gendry seemingly naked in one of the teasers. Maybe king's blood is needed to make shadowbabies in show canon?Pinkie Baelish, help me out I can't remember the book so well. Where did it say that having another shadow baby will endanger stannis's life? And in Book 2, he has two shadow babies right? One for Renly, then I thought he had another at sometime. Definitely not trying to sound like a smarty, I seriously can't remember any of this /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
4966	Associate Maester	2013-04-09	Wow, if all this gets done then there can be no more complaints about stuff not happening this season!I'm a newbie (who has read all the books, but only once)... What's the Melissandre/Gendry story arc? I must confess I don't remember that at all. I do find it amusing that both Arya and Gendry are most-wanted fugitives while Hot Pie is just along for the ride.The Gendry and Melisandre storyline is not in the books. Melisandre meets the Brotherhood without Banners.  Gendry is probably taking the place of Edric Storm from the books.
4967	KSims1868	2013-04-09	I do hope that Varys and Olenna do have a talk. I'm annoyed that Lord Varys is yet to make an appearance in Season 3! Anyone else agree?Completely agree.  I love the way his character is developing and want to see more of him!!
4968	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-04-09	I don't know about in this ep specifically, but do you think we will ever see Roose getting his leach on? Perhaps the newly-introduced Qyburn would be happy to acquiesce.
4969	NickName02	2013-04-09	Will we see the Dreadfort and/or Riverrun rising from the ground during the opening?
We know Theon is escaping from the Dreadfort thanks to the promo and Robb is on his way to Riverrun. So maybe?
I would personally love to see both these locations.
4970	shiola	2013-04-09	People on tumblr are saying there will be a Theon getting raped or otherwise sexually assaulted scene in this episode.  Has anyone else heard this?
4971	KoishNoish	2013-04-09	Pinkie Baelish, help me out I can't remember the book so well. Where did it say that having another shadow baby will endanger stannis's life? And in Book 2, he has two shadow babies right? One for Renly, then I thought he had another at sometime. Definitely not trying to sound like a smarty, I seriously can't remember any of this /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />If I recall correctly there was a shadow baby for Renly and for Penrose (in the books) as shown in the Davos chapter when he takes her past Storm End's magical barrier. So I assume she can make more shadow babies from Stannis, although they may have changed that in the HBO series, we only saw Renly get killed by the shadow baby there.
					
					
							Edited by KoishNoish, 09 April 2013 - 06:01 PM.
4972	insertname	2013-04-09	That was one thing that confused me in the show, why exactly Davos would need to take Melisandre into that cave, but I guess it's just a gaffe from combining both shadow babies, right?
But yeah, in the books Melisandre comes to Davos after he is thrown into the dungeon to ask him to make a Shadow Baby with her since one more might kill Stannis. I guess they'll keep that in the show to explain why they don't use that no more. I guess they could add in that you need King's blood for it too...but how are they gonna connect that with killing all three "usurpers"? Balon is the only one they could potentially off via Magical Assassin Shadow Baby...The other two are definitely out.
4973	mafalda	2013-04-09	If I recall correctly there was a shadow baby for Renly and for Penrose (in the books) as shown in the Davos chapter when he takes her past Storm End's magical barrier. So I assume she can make more shadow babies from Stannis, although they may have changed that in the HBO series, we only saw Renly get killed by the shadow baby there.Thank you KoishNoish!
4974	Dragonstoned	2013-04-09	Dislike how creepy Stannis is with Mel.  Still, BLACKFISH!
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 09 April 2013 - 07:03 PM.
4975	zeus	2013-04-09	i think Jaime will lose his hand in this episode
thats my prediction.
4976	BananaSpice	2013-04-09	People on tumblr are saying there will be a Theon getting raped or otherwise sexually assaulted scene in this episode.  Has anyone else heard this?From what I've heard, it's "only" an attempted rape by (presumably) Bolton men and he is "saved" just before. SAVED IN BIG QUOTATION MARKS. lol
4977	GameofThronesFTW	2013-04-09	So will this also include Sam the Slayer if he ends up at Crasters Keep?
4978	King Tommen	2013-04-09	So will this also include Sam the Slayer if he ends up at Crasters Keep?Sam the Slayer has seemingly been moved to take place after the mutiny at Crasters as Gilly appears to be present with Sam in the scenes with the WW stalking them.  There is a good possibility that Coldhands will reveal himself at this time (either after the Slaying or perhaps he saves Sam, although I don't think they'd introduce the Obsidian for Sam unless they were going to show him using it on a WW).  There is a recent television spot that showed a huge flock of ravens racing towards the screen in the woods that it appears Sam and Gilly are being stalked in. It could be something else but it stands to reason that it's probably an indicator of Coldhands being there since this is exactly how he shows up in the books.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 09 April 2013 - 09:40 PM.
4979	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-09	Pinkie Baelish, help me out I can't remember the book so well. Where did it say that having another shadow baby will endanger stannis's life? And in Book 2, he has two shadow babies right? One for Renly, then I thought he had another at sometime. Definitely not trying to sound like a smarty, I seriously can't remember any of this /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />I can't remember the exact quote but Mel says something like "the king's fires burn so low that I dare not make another one". I'm assuming part of Stannis' soul was used in crafting the shadowbaby, and if he continued to try and do it, it could very well kill him. He's also noticeably gaunt and thinner in ASOS and ADWD. This could be the shadow monsters taking it's toll on him.People on tumblr are saying there will be a Theon getting raped or otherwise sexually assaulted scene in this episode.  Has anyone else heard this?Yup. Apparently he is nearly raped, and it's said to be absolutely gutwrenching to watch.
4980	Sun	2013-04-10	According to spoiler TV the attempted rape involves Brienne. No mention of Theon.
4981	pntrlqst	2013-04-10	According to spoiler TV the attempted rape involves Brienne. No mention of Theon.FaB on WiC said there is an attempted rape of Theon, which "Boy" stops.
4982	oierem	2013-04-10	Episode 1 had 6 storylines going on.
Episode 2 had 8.
It looks like episode 3 will have no less than 9 storylines! (all of them, except for Bran).
Who said that there would be less storylines per episode this season?
4983	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-10	I hope that they don't have Sam kill the Other with only Gilly being a witness to it. It's an event that really does elevate his standing amongst his brothers, and people start respecting him for once.
4984	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-10	A fun combo I'd like to see next week is Jaime losing a hand, and Stannis gaining a new one /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
4985	tito5601	2013-04-10	just out of curiosity, how do you know this? i didnt see it in the promo i also saw a video where we see olenna and varys talking i cant remember which tho
4986	tito5601	2013-04-10	i think karstark is a goner this episode and hopefully sam the slayer
4987	tito5601	2013-04-10	I think this happens in episode four, titled "And now his watch has ended" or something like that. Because they kill the LC at Craster's Keep, so his watch ends. But the previews for episode three definitely show the NW at Craster's.Pinkie Baelish, help me out I can't remember the book so well. Where did it say that having another shadow baby will endanger stannis's life? And in Book 2, he has two shadow babies right? One for Renly, then I thought he had another at sometime. Definitely not trying to sound like a smarty, I seriously can't remember any of this /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' /> he had another baby that pushed some guy who was keeping edric of the castle wall
4988	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-10	A fun combo I'd like to see next week is Jaime losing a hand, and Stannis gaining a new one /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Well technically Stannis has already made Davos his hand on the show. I guess in some sense he would be hand again if freed this episode but it wouldn't be much of a gain, really.I hope that they don't have Sam kill the Other with only Gilly being a witness to it. It's an event that really does elevate his standing amongst his brothers, and people start respecting him for once.Yeah, that wouldn't work. Who would believe that? But I think they've done a good job of building viewer sympathy for Sam that when he does become Slayer everyone is happy for him finally, rather than thinking how did this useless kid kill anything.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 10 April 2013 - 10:36 PM.
4989	King Tommen	2013-04-10	I hope that they don't have Sam kill the Other with only Gilly being a witness to it. It's an event that really does elevate his standing amongst his brothers, and people start respecting him for once.It's not like Sam did it in front of a big audience in the books either. The only person who saw him do it was Grenn. Gilly can witness it and tell everyone once they get back to Castle Black and it would have the same impact.
4990	SeventySeven	2013-04-11	It's not like Sam did it in front of a big audience in the books either. The only person who saw him do it was Grenn. Gilly can witness it and tell everyone once they get back to Castle Black and it would have the same impact.I don't think Gilly, the wildling girl, telling everyone would have the same impact as Grenn, who's part of the NW, doing it. It's an important character's change of status for Sam, I really hope they get it right. I was so disappointed it didn't happen in episode 1, I thought it was going to be Sam's big moment.
4991	protar	2013-04-11	Events I think we'll be seeing this episode: KL, Wildlings, Dragonstone, Arya, Jaime, Riverrun, Theon, Slaver's Bay.In Kings Landing:Tyrell marriage proposalSmall council meeting, LF sent to the Vale, Tyrion named Master of Coin, Sansa/Tyrion marriage proposed.Sansa/LF scene (Together with the above two this establishes the three factions vying for Sansa.).Probably some superfluous talking scenes. Thankfully if we get Varys/QOT it will at least be a good superfluous talking scene.Beyond the Wall:Wildlings reach FotFM, Ygritte saves Jon's skin.Slaver's Bay:Dany agrees to sell Drogon for the Unsullied.We see some slaves being punished to rub in how evil the Slaver's are.Riverlands:Hoster's funeral.Meeting the Tully's and berating Edmure for failing at something.Meeting BericJaime loses the handDragonstone:Davos gets a visit from Stannis and/or Mel.Mel leaves for the Riverlands? (Seems to early tbh.)Theon:Escape, attempted rape and then fake rescue.
4992	Lord Varys	2013-04-11	I doubt that we'll see both the Tyrell marriage subplot established and foiled in the very same episode. It's much more likely that we'll get
- Tywin sending Littlefinger to the Vale
- Olenna/Margaery offering a Tyrell match to Sansa
- Sansa declining Littlefinger's offer to get her out (perhaps she'll also tell him about her Tyrell match, perhaps not). 
Littlefinger finding out about the Tyrell match/telling Tywin will be in a later episode. It has been hinted at by both Natalie Dormer and Sophie Turner that Sansa and Margaery develop a sort of friendship this season. But this friendship is over as soon as the Tyrell match is off the table which indicates that this is not going to happen too soon. More importantly, I get the feeling that the twist of the Sansa-Tyrion match will be much more surprising if the actual wedding follows Tywin's command very quickly, which could mean that this is only decided in episode 5-7 or so.
4993	protar	2013-04-11	I doubt that we'll see both the Tyrell marriage subplot established and foiled in the very same episode. It's much more likely that we'll get- Tywin sending Littlefinger to the Vale- Olenna/Margaery offering a Tyrell match to Sansa- Sansa declining Littlefinger's offer to get her out (perhaps she'll also tell him about her Tyrell match, perhaps not).Littlefinger finding out about the Tyrell match/telling Tywin will be in a later episode. It has been hinted at by both Natalie Dormer and Sophie Turner that Sansa and Margaery develop a sort of friendship this season. But this friendship is over as soon as the Tyrell match is off the table which indicates that this is not going to happen too soon. More importantly, I get the feeling that the twist of the Sansa-Tyrion match will be much more surprising if the actual wedding follows Tywin's command very quickly, which could mean that this is only decided in episode 5-7 or so.You do have a point, but I don't think things should be drawn out too much. So perhaps in E4 we can have Tywin bringing up the idea of the marriage. Then in E5 Loras is named to the KG to foil the Tyrell marriage and then in E8 we get the wedding.
4994	Dragonstoned	2013-04-11	Anyone else find it strange how we've heard nothing of the Frey reaction to Robb's wedding yet? Given how important it is and will be... Think that might finally get a mention of that if we're in Riverrun this episode.
4995	firepoet	2013-04-11	Anyone else find it strange how we've heard nothing of the Frey reaction to Robb's wedding yet? Given how important it is and will be... Think that might finally get a mention of that if we're in Riverrun this episode.Yeah at some point a match has to be arranged to appease the Freys, because that's why Robb is at the red wedding in the first place, so they have to mention sooner or later that the Freys aren't happy.
4996	Lord Varys	2013-04-11	My guess is that Asha is going to take, or arrange the taking of Moat Cailin, which, in turn will prevent Robb from returning home. Before that, Edmure might do something to fuck off the plan to attack Casterly Rock. The Freys as enemy at their backs could any pose a serious threat if they tried to return home...
4997	Father of Dragons	2013-04-11	I do hope that Varys and Olenna do have a talk. I'm annoyed that Lord Varys is yet to make an appearance in Season 3! Anyone else agree?Do you not remember the Tyrion/Varys scene in Valar Morghulis? That they won't be seeing each other for some time. That may include us as well
4998	Father of Dragons	2013-04-11	... Edmure might do something to fuck off the plan to attack Casterly Rock ...From watching the character feature, it seems Edmure will do more than one thing wrong each episode!
4999	Robb_	2013-04-11	Any chance of us seeing The Hound vs Beric this week?
5000	Lord Varys	2013-04-11	Well, then, the new synopses for episodes 6-8 seem to confirm that the Sansa-Tyrion marriage comes up in episode 6, is discussed by the parties involved (Tyrion, Shae, Sansa) in episode 7, with the wedding and the 'consummation of the marriage' in episode 8.
This really seems to confirm that Tyrell match, and the discovery of that plot is not going to rushed at all.
5001	Father of Dragons	2013-04-11	Any chance of us seeing The Hound vs Beric this week?That'll likely be episode 6
5002	Father of Dragons	2013-04-11	Any chance of us seeing The Hound vs Beric this week?5, sorry, not 6
5003	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-11	Pretty sure they will include Edmure's fuckup on the battlefield this episode. Hell, it's the whole reason why he agrees to marry Roslin. We see Robb saying in the trailer "I could have his head up on a spike by now". He's either referring to Theon, or maybe someone  like Gregor.
5004	ferreyra anderson	2013-04-11	Spoiler  hanks to The Spoiler Fairy for sending us the following..
Episode 3.06 - The Climb
Tywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Alik Sakharov.)
Episode 3.07 - The Bear and the Maiden Fair
Dany exchanges gifts with a slave lord outside of Yunkai. As Sansa frets about her prospects, Shae chafes at Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s new situation. Tywin counsels the king, and Melisandre reveals a secret to Gendry. Brienne faces a formidable foe in Harrenhal. (Written by George R. R. Martin; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)
Episode 3.08 - Second Sons
King<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)
Source: SpoilerTV

See episode 6, it seems that they won't do the marrying Roslin thing until then... (If these spoilers are true.)
					
					
							Edited by ferreyra anderson, 11 April 2013 - 11:33 PM.
5005	victim	2013-04-12	Pretty sure they will include Edmure's fuckup on the battlefield this episode. Hell, it's the whole reason why he agrees to marry Roslin. We see Robb saying in the trailer "I could have his head up on a spike by now". He's either referring to Theon, or maybe someone  like Gregor.I think Karstark's betrayal, whatever that pertains, will happen this episode. Whether he takes his head this episode or next will be a matter of what and how it happens. I remember reading somewhere that Richard Madden was going to be in every episode this season (I'm assuming we'll see his head in episode 10), that leaves a lot of time for Edmure to fuck up a bit further down the line when his forces are combined with Robb's.
5006	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	We don't learn of the Frey's reaction until Cat is back in Riverrun in the books so I expect we'll see it when she and Robb arrive, or perhaps next week.
5007	JMJ	2013-04-12	Spoiler  hanks to The Spoiler Fairy for sending us the following..Episode 3.06 - The ClimbTywin plans strategic unions for the Lannisters. Melisandre pays a visit to the Riverlands. Robb weighs a compromise to repair his alliance with House Frey. Roose Bolton decides what to do with Jaime Lannister. Jon, Ygritte and the Wildlings face a daunting climb. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Alik Sakharov.)Episode 3.07 - The Bear and the Maiden FairDany exchanges gifts with a slave lord outside of Yunkai. As Sansa frets about her prospects, Shae chafes at Tyrion<U+0080><U+0099>s new situation. Tywin counsels the king, and Melisandre reveals a secret to Gendry. Brienne faces a formidable foe in Harrenhal. (Written by George R. R. Martin; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)Episode 3.08 - Second SonsKing<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing hosts a wedding, and Tyrion and Sansa spend the night together. Dany meets the Titan<U+0080><U+0099>s Bastard. Davos demands proof from Melisandre. Sam and Gilly meet an older gentleman. (Written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss; directed by Michelle MacLaren.)Source: SpoilerTV
See episode 6, it seems that they won't do the marrying Roslin thing until then... (If these spoilers are true.)So, it looks like we're not seeing Dany "paying" Krasnys until Ep6? And, WTF is Mel talking to Gendry about?
5008	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	So, it looks like we're not seeing Dany "paying" Krasnys until Ep6? And, WTF is Mel talking to Gendry about?His royal bastard blood most likely.
5009	JMJ	2013-04-12	His royal bastard blood most likely.Obviously that never happened in the books, which is okay. BUT, what's the point of doing this now? Is this instead of Edric Storm, meaning we will not see any Edric?
5010	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-12	Obviously that never happened in the books, which is okay. BUT, what's the point of doing this now? Is this instead of Edric Storm, meaning we will not see any Edric?Yes.
5011	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-12	Obviously that never happened in the books, which is okay. BUT, what's the point of doing this now? Is this instead of Edric Storm, meaning we will not see any Edric?Yes, what's the point of casting another Baratheon bastard Gendry clone when they've casted a good actor and recognizable character already, I suppose. There's not that much for Mel/Stannis to do right now anyways so they can spare her a little excursion to get some King's blood while also filling in some other gaps in the story.
5012	Mr Smith	2013-04-12	I've been thinking about this today: what if, rather than have the leeches take Gendry's blood, Mel looks to create another shadowbaby with him? In the preview, Stannis tells Mel to "make him another son". But as readers know, Mel can't make another with Stannis without endangering his life? So what if she looks to make one with Gendry? We do see a shot of both Mel and Gendry seemingly naked in one of the teasers. Maybe king's blood is needed to make shadowbabies in show canon?Um, what use would shadowbabies be to this part of the story? We know how all three of the kings died. Introducing shadowbabies would make NO sense whatsoever, piss off book readers and confuse non-book readers. Not even the slightest chance this will happen IMO.
5013	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-12	Um, what use would shadowbabies be to this part of the story? We know how all three of the kings died. Introducing shadowbabies would make NO sense whatsoever, piss off book readers and confuse non-book readers. Not even the slightest chance this will happen IMO.Stannis casts the three leeches into the fire to try and kill Balon, Robb and Joff. Rather than have him do that, they might just have him look to kill them with another shadowbaby.
5014	Queen of Whores	2013-04-12	I just had a really worrying thought. What if the show makes it seem like a shadowbaby killed Balon? I really hope they don't do this.
5015	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-12	I just had a really worrying thought. What if the show makes it seem like a shadowbaby killed Balon? I really hope they don't do this.I doubt they will. That just makes Euron less notable if they do.
5016	Ours if the Fury	2013-04-13	<U+0080>c Tyrion gets appointed master of coin and told he will marry Sansa<U+0080>c Jon gets taken to the Fist of the First Men<U+0080>c Dany inspects the Unsullied and agrees to sell Drogon for them<U+0080>c Arya travels with the BwB looking for Beric<U+0080>c Robb and Cat arrive at Riverrun; meet the Tullys; Hoster's funeral<U+0080>c Stannis sends Melisandre on some quest (probably the Gendry theory)<U+0080>c Jaime and Brienne are Locke's prisoners; Jaime gets behanded<U+0080>c Theon is tricked by Ramsay and recaptured<U+0080>c Sam and the Night's Watch arrive at Craster'sI don't think we'll see any Bran, Sansa or Tyrells this episode. They got a fair amount of stuff in episode 2. I'm unsure whether we'll see Davos, or if it's just Stannis and Mel.I think you are right on the money with that !!!! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
5017	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-13	Stannis casts the three leeches into the fire to try and kill Balon, Robb and Joff. Rather than have him do that, they might just have him look to kill them with another shadowbaby.I think Stannis will mention having another Shadow Baby, and Melisandre will tell him that it will take too much out of him. This will then lead to the royal blood stuff
5018	tito5601	2013-04-13	1. We finally get to see Catelyn's home, Riverrun.2. More new characters! These are good ones.3. "Are we finally going to war, old friend?"4. This episode contains what has to be the most pointless sex scene to date.5. <U+0080><U+009C>You're a long way from home, and winter is coming."6. Tyrion gets a new role, but he's not exactly thrilled with it.7. This hunt is unlike anything you've ever seen.8. One character departs on a journey.9. <U+0080><U+009C>It often comforts me to know that even in war's darkest days, in most parts of the world absolutely nothing is happening.<U+0080><U+009D>10. Don't miss the ending. Just don't... unless you<U+0080><U+0099>re squeamish. It<U+0080><U+0099>s not for the faint of heart.looks like the episode ends with jaime or theon
5019	tito5601	2013-04-13	those are 10 hints about the next episode
5020	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-13	So, it looks like we're not seeing Dany "paying" Krasnys until Ep6? And, WTF is Mel talking to Gendry about? I don't know how you reached that conclusion. Dany exchanges gifts with a lord of YUNKAI (not Astapor) in episode 7, not 6. But she makes her deal with Kraznys in episode 4.
5021	Newstar	2013-04-13	<U+0080>c Tyrion gets appointed master of coin and told he will marry SansaPretty sure the Tyrion/Sansa marriage isn't even cooked up until Episode 6; the Episode 6 synopsis states "Tywin plans strategic unions." I otherwise like your list, though.1. We finally get to see Catelyn's home, Riverrun.Looking forward to the design for Riverrun. We've seen interiors in the promo, but no exteriors.3. "Are we finally going to war, old friend?"Varys is the one with the line "It's been a long time, my old friend" in the trailers, and he's speaking to Tyrion. This might be the Varys/Tyrion scene mentioned in a few reviews of the first four episodes, where he tells the story of how he was cut.4. This episode contains what has to be the most pointless sex scene to date.Tyrion pays a visit to Littlefinger's brothel, and there have been actresses cast as prostitutes in this episode, so doing the math, that's probably what this is referencing. With any luck we'll be spared a Littlefinger monologue to go with it as in Season 1, though.9. <U+0080><U+009C>It often comforts me to know that even in war's darkest days, in most parts of the world absolutely nothing is happening.<U+0080><U+009D>I think this is a line from the Blackfish.10. Don't miss the ending. Just don't... unless you<U+0080><U+0099>re squeamish. It<U+0080><U+0099>s not for the faint of heart.It was spoiled by someone who'd screened the first four that Jaime loses his hand at the end of 3x03.I don't think we'll see any Bran, Sansa or Tyrells this episode. They got a fair amount of stuff in episode 2.Agreed. I think Sansa and the Tyrells will sit out Episode 3, but they'll be back for Episode 4. (We know for sure Olenna has a scene with Varys in 3x04, at the very least, and I suspect the marriage plot will have to get trotted out at some point, so Sansa will have to be brought back in for that.)
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 13 April 2013 - 04:51 PM.
5022	Chuck88	2013-04-13	1. We finally get to see Catelyn's home, Riverrun.2. More new characters! These are good ones.3. "Are we finally going to war, old friend?"4. This episode contains what has to be the most pointless sex scene to date.5. <U+0080><U+009C>You're a long way from home, and winter is coming."6. Tyrion gets a new role, but he's not exactly thrilled with it.7. This hunt is unlike anything you've ever seen.8. One character departs on a journey.9. <U+0080><U+009C>It often comforts me to know that even in war's darkest days, in most parts of the world absolutely nothing is happening.<U+0080><U+009D>10. Don't miss the ending. Just don't... unless you<U+0080><U+0099>re squeamish. It<U+0080><U+0099>s not for the faint of heart.looks like the episode ends with jaime or theonMy interpretation of those ten points. Probably mostly wrong.
	Spoiler 1. Simple enough.2. Edmure, Brynden, anyone else? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />3. Sounds like something Tormund might say to Mance.4. No idea. Perhaps Robb and Talisa getting on as we saw in the trailer.5. No idea again. Something beyond the wall again I imagine.6. Master of Coin?7. Gulp. Poor Theon.8. Melisandre surely9. Sounds like a Queen of Thorns-ism10. Jaime's hand
5023	tito5601	2013-04-13	Pretty sure the Tyrion/Sansa marriage isn't even cooked up until Episode 6; the Episode 6 synopsis states "Tywin plans strategic unions." I otherwise like your list, though.Looking forward to the design for Riverrun. We've seen interiors in the promo, but no exteriors.Varys is the one with the line "It's been a long time, my old friend" in the trailers, and he's speaking to Tyrion. This might be the Varys/Tyrion scene mentioned in a few reviews of the first four episodes, where he tells the story of how he was cut.[/font][/color]Tyrion pays a visit to Littlefinger's brothel, and there have been actresses cast as prostitutes in this episode, so doing the math, that's probably what this is referencing. With any luck we'll be spared a Littlefinger monologue to go with it as in Season 1, though.I think this is a line from the Blackfish.[color=#000000][font=Georgia, 'Times New Roman', Arial]It was spoiled by someone who'd screened the first four that Jaime loses his hand at the end of 3x03. for number 3 i think itll be tormund and number 10 it can always be theon getting buttraped no?
5024	tito5601	2013-04-13	My interpretation of those ten points. Probably mostly wrong.
	Spoiler 1. Simple enough.2. Edmure, Brynden, anyone else? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />3. Sounds like something Tormund might say to Mance.4. No idea. Perhaps Robb and Talisa getting on as we saw in the trailer.5. No idea again. Something beyond the wall again I imagine.6. Master of Coin?7. Gulp. Poor Theon.8. Melisandre surely9. Sounds like a Queen of Thorns-ism10. Jaime's hand 
 number 7 is gonna be so intensee i cant wait
5025	Newstar	2013-04-13	Having watched the Season 3 New Characters featurette, I have to say I'm looking forward to the Blackfish so, so much: the only Tully worth a damn. I'm also looking forward to Edmure, if for different reasons: Clive Russell, who's playing the Blackfish, says in a talking heads bit in the featurette, "I would describe Edmure as an extremely irritating human being." Ha!
5026	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-13	Yeah, the Blackfish is gonna be awesome
5027	Drowningfish2304	2013-04-13	I'm guessing these will be the things happening this episode:Jon's loyalty tested at the Fist of the First MenCatelyn & Robb arrive at Riverrun, meet Edmure, Blackfish etc.Tyrion is made master of coinArya travels with the brotherhood, she's told about how she's off to see Beric Dondarrion, maybe she tries to escape from them and failsDaenerys takes a walk through Astapor, she meets Daario and has a meeting with the master slaver about the UnsulliedI'm hoping for Sam to kill a wight with a dragonglass dagger, I don't want them to just leave that out.Made up stuff with Theon that should be interestingMaybe more stuff about the three-eyed-crow with BranJaime saves Brienne from being raped
							Edited by Drowningfish2304, 13 April 2013 - 05:49 PM.
5028	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-13	I'm guessing these will be the things happening this episode:Daenerys takes a walk through Astapor, she meets Daario and has a meeting with the master slaver about the UnsulliedI'm hoping for Sam to kill a wight with a dragonglass dagger, I don't want them to just leave that out.Maybe more stuff about the three-eyed-crow with Bran Daario won't be introduced yet.I doubt this will happen. The Night's Watch arrive at Craster's this episode.Again, I doubt it. He had three scenes last episode, which means he probably won't have any in this one.
5029	JMJ	2013-04-13	I don't know how you reached that conclusion. Dany exchanges gifts with a lord of YUNKAI (not Astapor) in episode 7, not 6. But she makes her deal with Kraznys in episode 4.Maybe you should read more carefully - by putting quotes around "gift", I was referring to Dany having Drogon flame-out Kraznys. You sure have a way with words...
5030	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-13	Maybe you should read more carefully - by putting quotes around "gift", I was referring to Dany having Drogon flame-out Kraznys. You sure have a way with words...That will happen in episode 4.
5031	TheReal_Rebel	2013-04-14	It would make more sense for Jon and Ghost to be reunited when Jon returns to Castle Black at the end of the season, assuming that Ghost sticks with the rest of the NW as they head back to the Wall after Craster's and not follow Sam and Gilly. That woud just be an even stupider deviation than Ghost leaving Jon in season 2 in the first place. It seems like it would have just been easier to have kept Ghost with Jon. I don't get why they changed this.My guess is that Jon is more worried for the safety of his brothers and Sam in particular, then for himself.  On some level, Ghost knows this, He is Jon's eyes and ears and can render assistance as he did for Sam.   Since they brought up Warging in the last episode, we may see Jon have his own Warg/ dream experience soon.I'm sure this was discussed with GRRM in this way:  What's the point of having Ghost with Jon?  He doesn't serve much of a purpose with the Wildings.  If Ghost is with the NW its a way they could demonstrate Jon as a Warg and how he would use his power.  By extension it tells of Jon's character and his, desire to protect Sam, The Lord Commander and his other brothers of the NW.
					
					
							Edited by TheReal_Rebel, 14 April 2013 - 04:09 AM.
5032	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-14	Maybe you should read more carefully - by putting quotes around "gift", I was referring to Dany having Drogon flame-out Kraznys. You sure have a way with words... Yes, and that's what happens in episode 4... That's the "deal".Maybe you should actually read the books and the spoilers more carefully, because no mention is made of Daenerys in episode 6, and Kraznys is not a lord of Yunkai.
5033	Arkash	2013-04-14	I'm sure this was discussed with GRRM in this way:  What's the point of having Ghost with Jon?  He doesn't serve much of a purpose with the Wildings.  If Ghost is with the NW its a way they could demonstrate Jon as a Warg and how he would use his power.  By extension it tells of Jon's character and his, desire to protect Sam, The Lord Commander and his other brothers of the NW. I thought about it too and it can be really interesting if they go that road.
5034	Loras	2013-04-14	I think that Number 5 - "You are a long way from home and winter is coming."  Will be said by Thoros of Myr to Arya Stark.
5035	nara	2013-04-14	he had another baby that pushed some guy who was keeping edric of the castle wallCortnay Penrose, the Castellan of Storm's End.  I really wish they'd keep him in the series--he's one of my favorite random characters--but I think it's unlikely.  It's the right thing for the show to compress and combine, but I love his kickass moment with Stannis  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
5036	cybobbie	2013-04-14	i also saw a video where we see olenna and varys talking i cant remember which thoThis video about the new characters show the scene:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SN28-TdHCbIAfter watching this video again, I can't wait to see the Tulys, specially after Clive Russell comments about Blackfish and Edmure.
					
					
							Edited by cybobbie, 14 April 2013 - 11:35 AM.
5037	Lord of Lannisport	2013-04-14	I think that Number 5 - "You are a long way from home and winter is coming."  Will be said by Thoros of Myr to Arya Stark.Isn't that a Craster line to the NW from the book?
5038	JMJ	2013-04-14	Yes, and that's what happens in episode 4... That's the "deal".Maybe you should actually read the books and the spoilers more carefully, because no mention is made of Daenerys in episode 6, and Kraznys is not a lord of Yunkai.Did I ever say the words "Kraznys" and "Yunkai" in the same post? Did I even write "Yunkai" in my post? No. So actually, you are the one not reading posts carefully. Please just stop with the high-horse comments about reading the books etc. Looking at your posts, it seems to be the snipe you like to fall back on frequently. I'm out on this one.
5039	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-14	Did I ever say the words "Kraznys" and "Yunkai" in the same post? Did I even write "Yunkai" in my post? No. So actually, you are the one not reading posts carefully. Please just stop with the high-horse comments about reading the books etc. Looking at your posts, it seems to be the snipe you like to fall back on frequently.I'm out on this one.This is your original post:So, it looks like we're not seeing Dany "paying" Krasnys until Ep6? And, WTF is Mel talking to Gendry about?Somehow you reached the conclusion that Dany would not be "paying" Kraznys until episode 6. Considering there was no mention of her in episode 6, I found it strange that you reached this conclusion.
5040	King Tommen	2013-04-14	Also, from people who have watched the first four episodes, we know that the scene that you are referring to (Dany "paying" Kraznys) happens at the very end of E4.  That's what everyone's been trying to tell you if you simmered down a little.
5041	JMJ	2013-04-14	This is your original post:So, it looks like we're not seeing Dany "paying" Krasnys until Ep6? And, WTF is Mel talking to Gendry about?Somehow you reached the conclusion that Dany would not be "paying" Kraznys until episode 6. Considering there was no mention of her in episode 6, I found it strange that you reached this conclusion.Fine - I confused the EP 6 and 7 previews. Either way, it's one thing to point that out, it's entirely another thing to talk about the poster not having read the books or generally implying either lack of comprehension or poor recollection. You really should read how your posts come off.
5042	JMJ	2013-04-14	Also, from people who have watched the first four episodes, we know that the scene that you are referring to (Dany "paying" Kraznys) happens at the very end of E4.  That's what everyone's been trying to tell you if you simmered down a little."everyone" would be those who posted politely and clarified the timing on the show. I do appreciate those posts (Pinkie Baelish, others). I had no problem with those replies.
5043	Harrad	2013-04-14	Did Hot Pie survive in the books? I guess not, but I don't remember. I suppose he could easily still be knocked off, but seeing anyone escape (even temporarily) was a bit surprising.
5044	JMJ	2013-04-15	"everyone" would be those who posted politely and clarified the timing on the show. I do appreciate those posts (Pinkie Baelish, others). I had no problem with those replies.Well, after all that ado, turns out Dany did NOT flame-out Kraznys in E03 after all.
5045	JMJ	2013-04-15	Did Hot Pie survive in the books? I guess not, but I don't remember. I suppose he could easily still be knocked off, but seeing anyone escape (even temporarily) was a bit surprising.As of the end of ADWD, Hot Pie is still alive and kicking as far as we know.
5046	Loras	2013-04-09	So here is the promo thread for Episode 3 'Walk of Punishment'.I think we should maybe try to keep as many of the major book spoilers in spoiler tags as possible.___________________________________________________________Link: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PYk_JRoZkWcIt looks like we are going to get sections all over the place in the next episode.  The Harpy of Astapor looks fantastic.  I am looking forward to seeing Kraznys again - he was perfectly slimy in the opening episode.Stannis and Melisandre on the beach looks very intense: "Make me another son."Theon looks very uncomfortable.  I think he could be one of the central characters of this episode.Robb looks like he is pretty pissed off, probably with Edmure.  I am really looking forward to the introductions of the Tullys and Riverrun!  I wonder if Riverrun will appear on the map?Brienne is being a badass again.Do we think that Mance et al are at the Fist of the First Men?The Nights Watchmen are at Craster's keep.  Thoros and Arya.I am really looking forward to another Tyrion and Cersei scene /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Blackfish and the burning arrow.It looks like almost all of the characters are going to appear in this episode!  Though from the promo there is no sign of Sansa, Shae, Marge, Bronn or Varys.Sunday is Coming...
5047	Dragonstoned	2013-04-10	Think Mance et al have reached the Fist by now.  Isn't this where Mance asks Jon how many men are manning the Wall and he overstates, so Mance threatens him and gets the actual number out.
Again, I don't like the Stannis-Mel dynamic.  D&D are really exaggerating the relationships where it's 'a man with a woman' and I don't see him being that oppressive and creepy.
edit: hope it is Edmure that Robb is pissed with - there needs to be an explanation for what he was doing in the Westerlands although it would be odd if it's the same one given we haven't met Ed yet
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 10 April 2013 - 07:36 AM.
5048	insertname	2013-04-10	I don't know, we haven't met Edmure, and from the show, it sounds like Robb has been fighting without his forces - it would be a bit weird to have him chastise Edmure now. Though maybe I did misunderstand something and they'll still do that, to play up Robb's skill as an Army Commander - 
	Spoiler in the books it was clear that if Edmure had done what he should, the siege of King's Landing would have worked. In the show, Robb only has one memorable victory really
The other option with whom he could be pissed with is Karstark...

Yeah, Mance is very suspicous of Jon in the scene, so that has to be the fist of the first man. Hopefully they'll clear up there how much of a slaughter it was, most show viewers don't really seem to have understood that yet.
Looks like they want to seriously harm Brienne - 
	Spoiler So could Jaime's hand get chopped of for trying to save her?

What's up with the riding bowmen though? Who are they attacking? My only guess would be they are from the BWB?
And I wonder about Stannis and Melisandre. Are they going to make another Shadow baby? Or will Mel tell him he's too weak for another one and then goes looking for Gendry for King's blood?
5049	W.Kane	2013-04-10	make me another son?!! seriously ?!
they are really destroying Stannis character.
book Stannis is so much better , I'm sure they will show him like a douche maniac.
5050	kevin1989	2013-04-10	make me another son?!! seriously ?!they are really destroying Stannis character.book Stannis is so much better , I'm sure they will show him like a douche maniac.You haven't even seen the episode? And who says that this didn't happen off-page in the books. How else would Stannis think about the leeches???About Robb angry I think because a young actor is cast for episode 3 who we first suspect to be Edric Storm that he will be:
	Spoiler  The Lannister boy that Karstark kills, so he is mad at karstark.
5051	W.Kane	2013-04-10	You haven't even seen the episode? And who says that this didn't happen off-page in the books. How else would Stannis think about the leeches???the true question should be , who says it did happen?!first ,  in season 2 , they directly showed that Stannis knew about shadow baby but in the book it is not clear whether he knew or not (it is more likely he didn't knew) , of course I am talking about Renly's assassination not Penrose. in penrose assassination he definitely knew.leeches. yes they were meant to kill but changing them to shadow baby is not right.and it is not just that , he is so passionate, is he flirting with Mel in the end of video?! ,  we see exactly zero of that in the books.the way he treated Davos in the first episode was douchey though in the book it was totally different.my biggest problem is with the changes in Stannis personality .
					
					
							Edited by W.Kane, 10 April 2013 - 10:14 AM.
5052	kevin1989	2013-04-10	the true question should be , who says it did happen?!first ,  in season 2 , they directly showed that Stannis knew about shadow baby but in the book it is not clear whether he knew or not (it is more likely he didn't knew) , of course I am talking about Renly's assassination not Penrose. in penrose assassination he definitely knew.leeches. yes they were meant to kill but changing them to shadow baby is not right.and it is not just that , he is so passionate, is he flirting with Mel in the end of video?! ,  we see exactly zero of that in the books.the way he treated Davos in the first episode was douchey though in the book it was totally different.my biggest problem is with the changes in Stannis personality .Read the books again ^^ He did asked for a second shadow baby in the books. That's why Mel went to Davos.and he did have a affair with Mel in the books. They sleep together off page, it stated many times. Only thing is that we see that through other characters eyes.
5053	W.Kane	2013-04-10	Read the books again ^^ He did asked for a second shadow baby in the books. That's why Mel went to Davos.and he did have a affair with Mel in the books. They sleep together off page, it stated many times. Only thing is that we see that through other characters eyes.yes , I said it too . I said he didn't know about SB in Renly assassination but he knew in penrose assassination.but "make me another son" is stupid . he probably slept with Mel to make shadow baby but it doesn't mean he is in love with her. flirting is out of character for Stannis he doesn't do that. (I'm not saying flirting is bad or good , I am saying Stannis isn't passionate)
5054	Associate Maester	2013-04-10	I feel like I'm missing something about Stannis and Melisandre here. I haven't seen or read anything particularly out of character.  Stannis is asking for another assassin to be made. That isn't out of character--especially for the show.  Nor do I see Stannis being "creepy" with Melisandre.  It is hard to judge from promos. I can bet the son line doesn't take place on the beach as it makes no sense in that context. Stannis will bring up a son as plan A and Mel will say, "Yeah that would kill you.  I do have a plan B and I need to go on a mission to do that."
5055	kevin1989	2013-04-10	yes , I said it too . I said he didn't know about SB in Renly assassination but he knew in penrose assassination.but "make me another son" is stupid .he probably slept with Mel to make shadow baby but it doesn't mean he is in love with her. flirting is out of character for Stannis he doesn't do that. (I'm not saying flirting is bad or good , I am saying Stannis isn't passionate)I know what you said, but why would Stannis want to make another Son? To kill Joffrey this time? Or Robb? Only thing is what Mel wants, and she doesn't want to.And who says that he isn't a passionate man if it goes about Mel? It's never stated in the books. We know that he is changed when he lost BW.I feel like I'm missing something about Stannis and Melisandre here. I haven't seen or read anything particularly out of character.  Stannis is asking for another assassin to be made. That isn't out of character--especially for the show.  Nor do I see Stannis being "creepy" with Melisandre.  It is hard to judge from promos. I can bet the son line doesn't take place on the beach as it makes no sense in that context. Stannis will bring up a son as plan A and Mel will say, "Yeah that would kill you.  I do have a plan B and I need to go on a mission to do that."This.
5056	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	What's up with the riding bowmen though? Who are they attacking? My only guess would be they are from the BWB?My guess is they are hunting Theon after he escapes
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 01:10 PM.
5057	insertname	2013-04-10	My guess is they are hunting Theon after he escapesOh, right! Didn't think of that.
5058	W.Kane	2013-04-10	I know what you said, but why would Stannis want to make another Son? To kill Joffrey this time? Or Robb? Only thing is what Mel wants, and she doesn't want to.And who says that he isn't a passionate man if it goes about Mel? It's never stated in the books. We know that he is changed when he lost BW.This.the first part , I still think , "make me another son" is stupid.so , we can made up things because it is never stated otherwise?!there is no mention of Stannis underwear , so we can say he wears a golden underwear ? right? because it is never stated otherwise!btw , from book we do realize he is not emotional , he is cold and dutiful even toward shireen . he loves her but he doesn't show any emotion.
5059	W.Kane	2013-04-10	I feel like I'm missing something about Stannis and Melisandre here. I haven't seen or read anything particularly out of character.  Stannis is asking for another assassin to be made. That isn't out of character--especially for the show.  Nor do I see Stannis being "creepy" with Melisandre.  It is hard to judge from promos. I can bet the son line doesn't take place on the beach as it makes no sense in that context. Stannis will bring up a son as plan A and Mel will say, "Yeah that would kill you.  I do have a plan B and I need to go on a mission to do that."even Stannis flirting with Mel? because to me , it is totally out of character.
5060	Conchobar	2013-04-10	What's up with the riding bowmen though? Who are they attacking? My only guess would be they are from the BWB?Ramsay hunt, Theon.
5061	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-10	Did Arya and co left but the BWB went after them? Sounds like it. 
	Spoiler "You're lucky we found you. The woods not safe for Ned's Stark daughter." (paraphrasing)
Poor Theon, 
	Spoiler Ramsay is playing his nasty game with him.
It looks like almost all of the characters are going to appear in this episode!  Though from the promo there is no sign of Sansa, Shae, Marge, Bronn or Varys.That's good. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Sunday is Coming...Can't wait!
					
					
							Edited by Sheira Seastar, 10 April 2013 - 03:00 PM.
5062	kevin1989	2013-04-10	the first part , I still think , "make me another son" is stupid.so , we can made up things because it is never stated otherwise?!there is no mention of Stannis underwear , so we can say he wears a golden underwear ? right? because it is never stated otherwise!btw , from book we do realize he is not emotional , he is cold and dutiful even toward shireen . he loves her but he doesn't show any emotion.Cercei loved Robert in the show in the beginning, in the books she doesn't. Ned was more cheerful in the show. Tywin is nicer in season 2, etc etc. There are some changes that are needed. Stannis was indeed very dutyful in season 2. But something changed when he looked in the fire. Who says that he doesn't turn back normal at the end of season 3???
5063	Loras	2013-04-10	the first part , I still think , "make me another son" is stupid.so , we can made up things because it is never stated otherwise?!there is no mention of Stannis underwear , so we can say he wears a golden underwear ? right? because it is never stated otherwise!btw , from book we do realize he is not emotional , he is cold and dutiful even toward shireen . he loves her but he doesn't show any emotion.Quick question which is not intended to be rude.  Have you read "A Dance With Dragons"?  If not, I suggest you read the first Jon chapter.  It is very clear from that chapter that Stannis is capable of behaving in a childish/emotional manner.Did Arya and co left but the BWB went after them? Sounds like it. 
	Spoiler "You're lucky we found you. The woods not safe for Ned's Stark daughter." (paraphrasing)
Can't wait!I think that line might come up in a discussion about why the Brotherhood will not let them go.  A big deal was made in Episode 2 about Thoros keeping his word about letting them go, it is certainly something that Show!Arya would question.I really want them to keep Robb's anger towards Edmure in tact.  I love the wee bumbling oaf.
5064	Tony Soprano	2013-04-10	It seems the Turncloak will finally get what's coming to him. Ramsay is playing mind games with him. After he " helps " him escape, he'll hunt him down with the dogs, just like he hunted him in ADwD. 
I'm interested to see what direction they take with Stannis and Melisandre. I usually don't mind minor changes, but I don't like it when they mess with Stannis. 
Do you guys think it's possible we might get the mutiny at Craster's this week? They can't expand Sam's story too much, so I think something important is going to happen. Maybe it won't be the Old Bear getting killed, but I think we might see the seeds of dissent, and ultimately, swords getting drawn.
5065	Associate Maester	2013-04-10	even Stannis flirting with Mel? because to me , it is totally out of character.Stannis is not a Borg or Vulcan. He is quite capable of emotion (anger etc.) in the books.  If anything; they've toned it down on the show. He has been lost to despair after Blackwater (and I would argue suffering from PTSD given Dillane's performance). He is broken and literally clinging to one of his advisors--that has been set up from the beginning as his lover. He clearly derives some level of emotional support.  No point debating show vs.book as I see two of them as different canons. However, I failt to see how it is out of character for the show.
5066	Associate Maester	2013-04-10	the first part , I still think , "make me another son" is stupid.so , we can made up things because it is never stated otherwise?!there is no mention of Stannis underwear , so we can say he wears a golden underwear ? right? because it is never stated otherwise!btw , from book we do realize he is not emotional , he is cold and dutiful even toward shireen . he loves her but he doesn't show any emotion.He shows plenty of emotion and feelings in the novels: anger, frustration, under-stated happiness, he smiles on a few occasions. Though he isn't usually ruled by emotion and is logical--that does not make him unemotional. He is a human being.
5067	Head of The Ned	2013-04-10	Stannis is not a Borg or Vulcan. He is quite capable of emotion (anger etc.) in the books.  If anything; they've toned it down on the show. He has been lost to despair after Blackwater (and I would argue suffering from PTSD given Dillane's performance). He is broken and literally clinging to one of his advisors--that has been set up from the beginning as his lover. He clearly derives some level of emotional support.  No point debating show vs.book as I see two of them as different canons. However, I failt to see how it is out of character for the show.Whoa..... did you just say the show and the books are DIFFERENT?Wow I can't believe someone just said that, it like never occurred to me..... I thought it was always.... just... wait... what?Character assassination
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 10 April 2013 - 05:28 PM.
5068	insertname	2013-04-10	edit: nvm
					
					
							Edited by insertname, 10 April 2013 - 07:20 PM.
5069	BananaSpice	2013-04-10	Has anyone on the Internet screencapped this promo yet? THEY ARE ALWAYS TOO FAST I NEED TO SEE THINGS.
5070	Loras	2013-04-11	Do you guys think it's possible we might get the mutiny at Craster's this week? They can't expand Sam's story too much, so I think something important is going to happen. Maybe it won't be the Old Bear getting killed, but I think we might see the seeds of dissent, and ultimately, swords getting drawn.I think that this will probably be an establishing scene - remember this old guy and Gilly?  Well here we are again.  Then everything will kick off in the next episode.I'd be surprised if we got more than one Night's Watch scene in this episode.If I had to guess, I would predict that Robb (and family), Daenerys, Theon and Jaime/Brienne will get most of the screentime in this episode.
5071	brAnthelAstgreenseer	2013-04-11	This season is getting better.Cant wait
5072	W.Kane	2013-04-11	Quick question which is not intended to be rude.  Have you read "A Dance With Dragons"?  If not, I suggest you read the first Jon chapter.  It is very clear from that chapter that Stannis is capable of behaving in a childish/emotional manner.yes I have and I have seen no childish behavior from Stannis , anything particular you have in mind?
5073	W.Kane	2013-04-11	He shows plenty of emotion and feelings in the novels: anger, frustration, under-stated happiness, he smiles on a few occasions. Though he isn't usually ruled by emotion and is logical--that does not make him unemotional. He is a human being.it seems I didn't say it correct , my bad  , I meant as you said he is not ruled by emotion and in some particular field, like Love he has shown very little if not any emotion. as I said before he loves his child (so he is capable of loving) he just doesn't show it. I didn't say he is robot , of course he is human . /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
5074	Tuor	2013-04-11	So is Sam going to kill the Other in this episode or are they delaying that for later? I thought that Walk of punishment is his walk to Craster`s keep...
5075	Loras	2013-04-11	So is Sam going to kill the Other in this episode or are they delaying that for later? I thought that Walk of punishment is his walk to Craster`s keep...I don't think that will happen until later in the season.  I think that they are building to that point as a climax in Sam's arc - it could be used to almost make him stop thinking so much about cowardice and taking responsibility for himself and Gilly.However, if it does turn out to be about Sam's walk to Craster's, then I wish that the show runners would have left him out of the previous episode all together.yes I have and I have seen no childish behavior from Stannis , anything particular you have in mind?Most of his behaviour during that chapter could be considered bitter and childish.  He threatens to have Jon replaced with Janos Slynt, he accuses Jon of cheating his way to the top, I will take the castles etc.  these are all driven by emotion.
5076	Dragonstoned	2013-04-11	@ Associate Master
The creepiness I meant with regard to Stannis holding Melisandre and saying to give him another son, and her reaction indicating she is creeped out by it.  Not to mention whatever he's doing at 0:28.
Agree that Stannis shows emotion at times but I don't see him showing elsewhere any of the emotion he shows Melisandre in the promo.
5077	Associate Maester	2013-04-11	Hah no problem! I could've read it wrong as well.  I agree with you completely.  He doesn't show many of the deeper emotions. And I agree he certainly loves his daughter.
5078	tito5601	2013-04-11	Did Arya and co left but the BWB went after them? Sounds like it. 
	Spoiler "You're lucky we found you. The woods not safe for Ned's Stark daughter." (paraphrasing)
Poor Theon, 
	Spoiler Ramsay is playing his nasty game with him.
That's good. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Can't wait! thoros is talking about the previous ep when he found them in the woods, i dont think arya will escape in this ep
5079	Prince of the North	2013-04-11	When do we get to see The Hound's trial by combat with Beric Donderrion?  It probably won't be in this episode but maybe next?
5080	Nezzer	2013-04-11	I agree that Stannis looks weird in the promo, but I think he loved Melisandre in the books at least for a while. I've always got the impression that he found a comfort with her he never got to find with anyone else. Melisandre says to herself in ADwD that her bed had little use after Stannis left the Wall, and that makes me think they used to sleep together quite often. I still worry about the direction they take his storyline in the show, though. His affair with Mel could be part of his character, but far from the most important part of him.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 11 April 2013 - 12:54 PM.
5081	Loras	2013-04-11	I agree that Stannis looks weird in the promo, but I think he loved Melisandre in the books at least for a while. I've always got the impression that he found a comfort with her he never got to find with anyone else. Melisandre says to herself in ADwD that her bed had little use after Stannis left the Wall, and that makes me think they used to sleep together quite often. I still worry about the direction they take his storyline in the show, though. His affair with Mel could be part of his character, but far from the most important part of him.I think that it is important to remember that Melisandre has proved to Stannis that she has power.  In the S2 finale she showed him something in the flames and it is quite clear from Episode 3.01 that he believes leaving Mel behind was the reason he lost Blackwater.This is Stannis under Mel's spell.  If you know that someone is truly powerful you probably wouldn't want them to leave either.  It is like Frodo losing Gandalf in Moria all over again /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
5082	Associate Maester	2013-04-11	I agree that Stannis looks weird in the promo, but I think he loved Melisandre in the books at least for a while. I've always got the impression that he found a comfort with her he never got to find with anyone else. Melisandre says to herself in ADwD that her bed had little use after Stannis left the Wall, and that makes me think they used to sleep together quite often. I still worry about the direction they take his storyline in the show, though. His affair with Mel could be part of his character, but far from the most important part of him.I think that it is important to remember that Melisandre has proved to Stannis that she has power.  In the S2 finale she showed him something in the flames and it is quite clear from Episode 3.01 that he believes leaving Mel behind was the reason he lost Blackwater.This is Stannis under Mel's spell.  If you know that someone is truly powerful you probably wouldn't want them to leave either.  It is like Frodo losing Gandalf in Moria all over again /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I think both these posts hit the nail on the head.  They are obviously playing up some measure of care/concern in the show. We just don't know about it in the books. A lot of it also has to do that he's losing the adviser he has left.  Davos tried to kill Mel and is in a cell. Stannis has been despondent and now the person he's been relying on is going off on a mission that she won't tell him about.
					
					
							Edited by Associate Maester, 11 April 2013 - 07:03 PM.
5083	Loras	2013-04-12	When do we get to see The Hound's trial by combat with Beric Donderrion?  It probably won't be in this episode but maybe next?Nothing seemed to indicate this from the episode promo.  It doesn't look like an Arya-centric episode.
5084	Dysun	2013-04-12	When do we get to see The Hound's trial by combat with Beric Donderrion?  It probably won't be in this episode but maybe next?Safe bet it's in the 5th episode "Kissed by Fire"
					
					
							Edited by Dysun, 12 April 2013 - 10:19 AM.
5085	Dragonstoned	2013-04-12	The thing is that Mel reacts like she's creeped out by him.  So even though we don't get to see what Stannis is like when they're alone, it's probably nothing she's seen before either.  Who knows.
5086	Caryn Stark	2013-04-12	So is Sam going to kill the Other in this episode or are they delaying that for later? I thought that Walk of punishment is his walk to Craster`s keep...I hope so! I want Sam the Slayer!
5087	bloodsweat&beers	2013-04-12	I hope so! I want Sam the Slayer!If not this episode then when?
5088	Nuttz	2013-04-12	If not this episode then when?I'm thinking it will likely be later on when he's with Gilly. That was it fits more cohesively into his arc they seem to be building this season.
5089	tito5601	2013-04-13	1. We finally get to see Catelyn's home, Riverrun.2. More new characters! These are good ones.3. "Are we finally going to war, old friend?"4. This episode contains what has to be the most pointless sex scene to date.5. <U+0080><U+009C>You're a long way from home, and winter is coming."6. Tyrion gets a new role, but he's not exactly thrilled with it.7. This hunt is unlike anything you've ever seen.8. One character departs on a journey.9. <U+0080><U+009C>It often comforts me to know that even in war's darkest days, in most parts of the world absolutely nothing is happening.<U+0080><U+009D>10. Don't miss the ending. Just don't... unless you<U+0080><U+0099>re squeamish. It<U+0080><U+0099>s not for the faint of heart.new hints about ep 3
5090	iheartseverus	2013-04-13	4. This episode contains what has to be the most pointless sex scene to date.Which is?  If you're referring to 
	Spoiler  the attempted rape of Theon 
, I wouldn't call that pointless.  I'd call it a lot of things, but pointless is not one of them.  Or, are you referring to something else?
5091	Arkash	2013-04-13	These are the 10 episode points by a reporter who has already seen the episode ! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
5092	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-13	Which is?  If you're referring to 
	Spoiler  the attempted rape of Theon 
, I wouldn't call that pointless.  I'd call it a lot of things, but pointless is not one of them.  Or, are you referring to something else? I think it's a brothel scene.
5093	Loras	2013-04-14	I think it's a brothel scene.Yeah, I think you are right.1. We finally get to see Catelyn's home, Riverrun.2. More new characters! These are good ones.3. "Are we finally going to war, old friend?"4. This episode contains what has to be the most pointless sex scene to date.5. &ldquo;You're a long way from home, and winter is coming."6. Tyrion gets a new role, but he's not exactly thrilled with it.7. This hunt is unlike anything you've ever seen.8. One character departs on a journey.9. &ldquo;It often comforts me to know that even in war's darkest days, in most parts of the world absolutely nothing is happening.&rdquo;10. Don't miss the ending. Just don't... unless you&rsquo;re squeamish. It&rsquo;s not for the faint of heart.new hints about ep 33. - Tormund to Mance.5. - Thoros to Arya.9. - Tyrion to Varys...?
5094	Carne	2013-04-14	Which is?  If you're referring to 
	Spoiler  the attempted rape of Theon 
, I wouldn't call that pointless.  I'd call it a lot of things, but pointless is not one of them.  Or, are you referring to something else?It's a brothel scene between Tyrion and two whores.
5095	iheartseverus	2013-04-14	It's a brothel scene between Tyrion and two whores.Oh, dear, pointless indeed, sigh...ETA:  Unless, maybe its being added so that Shae will find out and be enraged--then, later, Tyrion-Sansa, further enraging Shae--all leading to her testimony vs. Tyrion down the line?
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 14 April 2013 - 09:54 AM.
5096	BananaSpice	2013-04-14	NGL, I bet the pointless brothel sex scene is only there to counter all the discomfort the dude-bros will have from seeing an attempted rape of a male.
5097	shiola	2013-04-14	When do we get to see The Hound's trial by combat with Beric Donderrion?  It probably won't be in this episode but maybe next?Probably in the ep "Kissed by Fire", based on the title.
5098	shiola	2013-04-14	It's a brothel scene between Tyrion and two whores.I saw it mentioned on the site that "Podrick gets a very different kind of lesson...".  So if we're having a "Tyrion/Bronn makes a man out of Podrick" scene, then gods help us.
5099	Sun	2013-04-14	8. One character departs on a journey.new hints about ep 3Hmmm, I wonder who? The only possibility I can think of is LF.
5100	Tom son of Tom	2013-04-14	Hmmm, I wonder who? The only possibility I can think of is LF.Melisandre seeking out Gendry and the BwB.
5101	Sun	2013-04-14	Melisandre seeking out Gendry and the BwB.Oh, yes ofcourse, thank you. That scene from the preview completely slipped my mind.
5102	King Tommen	2013-04-14	Just a quick note to say that in any story, not every single thing that happens needs to absolutely service the plot or have some deep-seeded significance.  If there's a 2 minute scene with Tyrion that happens to contain some brothel girls getting naked, then it's not the end of the world.  You'd think readers who had to wade through Martin prattling on for pages and pages about the texture of food or the decorations in a castle would understand this.
5103	KoishNoish	2013-04-14	Just a quick note to say that in any story, not every single thing that happens needs to absolutely service the plot or have some deep-seeded significance.  If there's a 2 minute scene with Tyrion that happens to contain some brothel girls getting naked, then it's not the end of the world.  You'd think readers who had to wade through Martin prattling on for pages and pages about the texture of food or the decorations in a castle would understand this.On the other hand in a story so vast and complex as Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire you'd think they'd try and cram as many significant scenes and flesh them out as much as possible and required? If there is a scene with Tyrion and whores then I'm sure its probably meant to serve some purpose.
5104	King Tommen	2013-04-14	On the other hand in a story so vast and complex as Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire you'd think they'd try and cram as many significant scenes and flesh them out as much as possible and required? If there is a scene with Tyrion and whores then I'm sure its probably meant to serve some purpose.I would imagine the scene has a point (mostly because Tyrion is in it) but people will focus on the fact that there will also be sex happening which does not service the plot and that's what they'll get wound up about.I'd make the argument that every so-called "pointless" sex scene on the show so far has something significant going on (and it's usually what the major character is saying before, after or during the sex) but people get so distracted by the sex that they don't focus on what the scene is really about.
5105	iheartseverus	2013-04-14	This was my take on the 'pointless' sex scene..Oh, dear, pointless indeed, sigh...ETA:  Unless, maybe its being added so that Shae will find out and be enraged--then, later, Tyrion-Sansa, further enraging Shae--all leading to her testimony vs. Tyrion down the line?
5106	King Tommen	2013-04-14	I doubt that Tyrion is the one having the sex in the scene, he's pretty damn faithful to Shae.  I would think it's a visit to the brothel where he has a conversation with LF (or maybe Varys) and there's some random whores having sex with random guys (or each other) in the background.  But again, the point of the scene will be the conversation that Tyrion has with whoever he's talking with, not the sex.
5107	Newstar	2013-04-14	ETA:  Unless, maybe its being added so that Shae will find out and be enraged--then, later, Tyrion-Sansa, further enraging Shae--all leading to her testimony vs. Tyrion down the line?I think the brothel scene references Pod losing his virginity, as speculated. As for Tyrion, I think there will be a moment similar to in ACOK when a prostitute invites Tyrion to partake and he has no interest (realizing that Shae is the only one he wants). Doesn't mean that Shae won't hit the roof when she finds out he was at a brothel, but I think my scenario is more likely.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 14 April 2013 - 02:31 PM.
5108	TheDarkOne	2013-04-14	The sex scene is there as a way to keep the neanderthals watching the show who like it but never understand the stories. They watch for the big moments and boobs. D&D cater to this segment of the audience constantly. It does absolutely nothing for the story.
5109	King Tommen	2013-04-14	I hardly think people watch shows like this specifically for boobs since it would be much easier to get your fix with the multiple avenues available to all to watch porn.
It's HBO, that's what they do.  I never heard this kind of pissing and moaning when the Sopranos had scenes take place at the Bada Bing just so we could have naked strippers writhing on poles in the background of the scene.  It really didn't do anything for the story either but I didn't have to hear fans of the show get their panties in a bunch constantly about it.
5110	shiola	2013-04-14	The sex scene is there as a way to keep the neanderthals watching the show who like it but never understand the stories. They watch for the big moments and boobs. D&D cater to this segment of the audience constantly. It does absolutely nothing for the story.They cater to it constantly, really?  Can you please point out one instance from each episode?  Otherwise I wouldn't call it constantly.  People can appreciate the sex/nudity and the storyline.  I wouldn't generalize it by saying the people who do are "neanderthals" and "never" understand the story.  Calm down.People need to realize that the nudity is there, the sex is there, it's fine.  D&D don't put it in for 0 reason every time.  It helps the plot more often than it doesn't.D&D and GoT viewers, like every other human being in this century, know that porn is available online for free.  I can't imagine a single person who would watch Game of Thrones as their go-to fap material.
5111	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-14	Stannis is not a Borg or Vulcan. He is quite capable of emotion (anger etc.) in the books.  If anything; they've toned it down on the show. He has been lost to despair after Blackwater (and I would argue suffering from PTSD given Dillane's performance). He is broken and literally clinging to one of his advisors--that has been set up from the beginning as his lover. He clearly derives some level of emotional support.  No point debating show vs.book as I see two of them as different canons. However, I failt to see how it is out of character for the show.I agree!
5112	Carey Snow	2013-04-14	yes , I said it too . I said he didn't know about SB in Renly assassination but he knew in penrose assassination.but "make me another son" is stupid .he probably slept with Mel to make shadow baby but it doesn't mean he is in love with her. flirting is out of character for Stannis he doesn't do that. (I'm not saying flirting is bad or good , I am saying Stannis isn't passionate)Stannis sleeps with Mel at Castle Black. In a Mel chapter in a DwD she reflects on how little use her bed has gotten since Stannis marched south. So they sleep together even when not making shadow babies.
5113	lostinwesteros	2013-04-14	Stannis, Mel, Shadow babies..............ew.  Plez, not again.  /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Not ready for all this with Theon this early in the series, though I guess it makes sense for them to do it like this for the TV series.  /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />Looking forward to Riverrun and the Blackfish.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Can't wait to see more of the BWB and to see Sandor and Beric (looks like they'll have their fight this episode), and more Arya.    /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />More of Brienne and Jaime (yea!) but am already hurting for the loss of Jaime's hand.   /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />
5114	winterstood	2013-04-14	The sex scene is there as a way to keep the neanderthals watching the show who like it but never understand the stories. They watch for the big moments and boobs. D&D cater to this segment of the audience constantly. It does absolutely nothing for the story.Nonsense. Sex is a part of life. It's a part of the book. Therefore - it's a part of the SHOW. There's also a lot of violence in the show - is that there to cater to "the neanderthals" as well?Sex and violence would be integral parts of life in a medieval society at war. Or at peace. Shit, sex is an integral part of ANY society - at any time. and they were both active parts of the books.
					
					
							Edited by winterstood, 14 April 2013 - 09:52 PM.
5115	Hellfell	2013-04-03	So who do you think will be "punished" in this episode? My guesses:
1. Joffrey gets disciplined by Tywin.
2. Cersei gets disciplined by Tywin. ("You need a new husband")
3. Theon gets tortured
4. Karstark executed
5. Brienne almost gets raped
6. Jaime loses his hand
5116	Mark Antony	2013-04-04	I'd wager your number 3 and 6 will be in the episode.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 04 April 2013 - 12:28 AM.
5117	Crown	2013-04-04	Definitely 3 and 6. Still can't wrap my mind around the title, keep thinking about Cersei's Walk of Shame.
5118	WinterWarrior	2013-04-04	Yea, I keep thinking of Cersei's Walk of Shame as well. But I think its about Theon, so I would say #3. I think we will finally meet Ramsay too (ugh, I hate that character). I think he will severely humiliate Theon before he starts flaying/torturing him.
5119	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-04	Definitely 3 and 6. Still can't wrap my mind around the title, keep thinking about Cersei's Walk of Shame.That first came to my mind also upon reading the episode title.#3 and #6 for sure...
5120	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-04	Theon and Jaime ...
					
					
							Edited by GeorgeIAF, 04 April 2013 - 01:13 PM.
5121	tito5601	2013-04-04	i think 4 and 1 will happen, in the trailer i can see joffrey yelling "i am the king" and everyone is mine to torment then it cuts to tywin looking pissed off, soo expect tywin to eat him alive haha, usually most of the footage they show in trailers happen in the beginning of the season as for karstark getting beheaded itll happen in riverunn and i think its this episode that robb stark and his army arrive over there
5122	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	Theon, Jamie and Cersei will have that conversation with Tywin about her needing to be re-married
5123	Tony Soprano	2013-04-06	I think we're finally going to see Ramsay's reveal, and of course, Theon getting tortured. We could also see Tywin trying to calm things down in King's Landing by disciplining Cersei and Joffrey. 
I think it's too early for Jaime's dismemberment, though. I think we'll get that in Episode 4.
5124	Kasrith	2013-04-06	Definitely 3 and 6. Still can't wrap my mind around the title, keep thinking about Cersei's Walk of Shame.Obviously this, but I'd figure it has to do with Jaime (he is seen walking around short-handed in one of the pre season trailers)
5125	Hellfell	2013-04-06	So how do you think Jaime will get his hand chopped off? I'd really like to see him trying to escape (yes, again), fighting and killing several Locke's men. But then he is surrounded, knocked down and Locke slices his sword hand off. It would be the last fight for Jaime in all his glory.
5126	Kasrith	2013-04-06	So how do you think Jaime will get his hand chopped off? I'd really like to see him trying to escape (yes, again), fighting and killing several Locke's men. But then he is surrounded, knocked down and Locke slices his sword hand off. It would be the last fight for Jaime in all his glory.It could be as simple as getting it done before he even tries to escape; Locke et al can learn from Robb's mistakes in a sense
5127	Words of Winter	2013-04-07	Could this mean the NW march toward Craster's place and the punishing walk for Jon Snow being attacked by the eagle?  I could see D&D making either of these a death march of sorts.
5128	Drowningfish2304	2013-04-07	It's probably referring to the reveal of Theon at Winterfell, and having to make some sort of 'walk of punishment' involving Ramsayother stuff might be:Jon being marched up to Mance Rayder, Mance thinking he's lied to him about the amount of men at the Night's WatchMaybe Catelyn is punished somehow for releasing the kingslayerDaenerys takes a walk through AstaporTyrion being punished by Tywin in some way or another?Brienne almost raped, Jaime walked to Harrenhall with his missing handArya tries to escape from the outlaws + fails, maybe she is punished for that
5129	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-07	Jorah and Barristan in the sewers?
5130	MysteriousStranger	2013-04-07	I would bet money it's Sam trekking towards Craster's keep and shanking the Other/White Walker. Plus something to do with Jaime--either losing his hand, or getting pushed towards Harrenhal with Brienne and tormented along the way.
5131	Dustdevil	2013-04-07	I'm also guessing Robb beheads or atleast imprisons Karstark. Beheading can happen in the next episode.
5132	protar	2013-04-07	Jorah and Barristan in the sewers?Slow down, they're not out of even out of Astapor yet.I do think that the official namesake of the episode will be something in Astapor, some sort of punishment walk thingy for disgraced slaves to rub in just how evil the Slavers are. But of course it will be applicable to a lot of things.
5133	songbirdsings	2013-04-07	On the preview for this episode it looked like someone was helping Theon "escape",  perhaps we'll get a taste of The Bastard's favorite game?
5134	ebevan91	2013-04-07	Umm... why did I see Craster? Is the mutiny happening in this episode and not episode 4 like the title suggests? Or were they at Crasters for a little while before the mutiny in the book?
5135	tito5601	2013-04-07	On the preview for this episode it looked like someone was helping Theon "escape",  perhaps we'll get a taste of The Bastard's favorite game? im looking forward to that
5136	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	That preview was awesome... honestly because of this show my week starts off so much better haha
I think people are going to be blown away with Theon's storyline this season the only people that know basically are on these forums
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 08 April 2013 - 12:01 AM.
5137	Stark Winds	2013-04-08	Definitely 3 and 6. Still can't wrap my mind around the title, keep thinking about Cersei's Walk of Shame.Me too! I'm sure 3 and 6 will happen...although 1 and 2 will be awesome.
5138	StarkDragon	2013-04-08	So how do you think Jaime will get his hand chopped off? I'd really like to see him trying to escape (yes, again), fighting and killing several Locke's men. But then he is surrounded, knocked down and Locke slices his sword hand off. It would be the last fight for Jaime in all his glory.For some reason, I can't kick a crackpot feeling Robb will chop off Jaime's hand, filling the void of the Bloody Murmers and keeping Bolton squeaky clean to the Lannisters, as well as propelling anti-Stark for fair weather allies. Especially since he didn't lop Karstark's head, and they're sweetening up Catelyn and souring Robb. Maybe Jaime reveals to him he did indeed push Bran, and Robb cuts it off, I don't know. It's crackpot I know, but I can't shrug it for whatever reason.
5139	greatgeek	2013-04-08	Jaime and Brienne, Karstark, Theon.
5140	reyneofcastamere	2013-04-08	Jaime and Theon although I can see Cercei being brought in as well to be a contrast to the pain Theon and Jaime will have to go through. I really hope that they do the "Sapphires" scene justice.
5141	KoishNoish	2013-04-08	Like others have said, 3 and 6 are probably going to be there. However I really want Tywin to hit Joffrey round the face (not literally) and give him a serious lesson in discipline, so I'd say 1 as well. Also I agree about Cersei's walk of shame.
5142	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-08	I do think that the official namesake of the episode will be something in Astapor, some sort of punishment walk thingy for disgraced slaves to rub in just how evil the Slavers are. But of course it will be applicable to a lot of things.This.
5143	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-08	I think they know there's too many ppl who read the books and be able to know exactly what will happen just from the title so they jumble it up sometimes to prevent spoilers. "Walk of punishment" my first thought was cercei's walk but obviously that's too soon. "Valar dohaeris" I thought would suite better for arya catching the ship to braavos that's what the captain says back to her. Maybe cercei tells tywin about ros n he wips her n make her do the walk of shame but more likely its theon getting punished for scaping the same way he wanted to punish the stark kids for scaping him.
5144	Winterz	2013-04-08	Umm... why did I see Craster? Is the mutiny happening in this episode and not episode 4 like the title suggests? Or were they at Crasters for a little while before the mutiny in the book?We still have to see the NW's discotent towards Mormont develop so I'm sure it won't happen this episode.
5145	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-08	Since the preview showed Theon escaping, via help from "boy", I wager most of his screen time will be him getting chased down by Bolton men and "boy", with the more intense torture to come.
Can definitley see scenes between Tywin, Cercei, or Tywin, Cercei, Tyrion and Joff.
I'd bet that Jaimie getting his hand lopped off will be the last scene.
5146	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	After watching ep 2 and preview for ep 3, I'm dreading what's going to happen to Theon. 
	Spoiler He will take his chance to escape without him knowing it's just a pitiful game. Once he gets caught, his walk of punishment punishment begins.

Jaime will surely get a surprise in here, too.
5147	Warrior Queen	2013-04-08	After seeing the episode preview i'm pretty sure it involves Theon's escape which was all planned by Ramsay as a cruel game.
5148	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-08	Its Astapor where disobideient Slaves are strung up and punished in the plaza. So Dany walking though as we saw in some promo photos would make sense.
5149	DurararaFTW	2013-04-08	I'm surprised no one mentioned Sandor yet. He's already captured by the Brotherhood, if "Kissed by Fire" is his duel, they'll have to preoccopy him and Arya somehow.
5150	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-08	I'm surprised no one mentioned Sandor yet. He's already captured by the Brotherhood, if "Kissed by Fire" is his duel, they'll have to preoccopy him and Arya somehow.Possible. 
	Spoiler The BWB will go meet Beric anyway, so it's going to be a long way to their hideout. Hollow Hill, is it?
5151	Warden of the North121	2013-04-08	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=SN28-TdHCbI
Here's a long video on all of the new characters. Beric looks and sounds like a total badass
5152	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-08	i think 4 and 1 will happen, in the trailer i can see joffrey yelling "i am the king" and everyone is mine to torment then it cuts to tywin looking pissed off, soo expect tywin to eat him alive haha, usually most of the footage they show in trailers happen in the beginning of the season as for karstark getting beheaded itll happen in riverunn and i think its this episode that robb stark and his army arrive over thereI think Tywin will discipline Cersei because Joffrey is a little shit AND Theon will be tortured and Jaime will lose his hand /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
5153	Tone	2013-04-08	Is there a clip out of the promo for this week?EDIT: nvm found it. For anyone else looking:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PYk_JRoZkWc
					
					
							Edited by Tone, 08 April 2013 - 04:46 PM.
5154	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	What about davos?
5155	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-08	Umm... why did I see Craster? Is the mutiny happening in this episode and not episode 4 like the title suggests? Or were they at Crasters for a little while before the mutiny in the book?They are there awhile, Craster tries to throw them out and then things get bad.What about davos?Stannis will talk to him at some point now that his Red Woman is leaving Dragonstone he doesn't have to worry about Davos trying to kill her. See how perfectly that worked out?
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 08 April 2013 - 07:33 PM.
5156	Maester Ruin	2013-04-08	They are there awhile, Craster tries to throw them out and then things get bad.Stannis will talk to him at some point now that his Red Woman is leaving Dragonstone he doesn't have to worry about Davos trying to kill her. See how perfectly that worked out?I was thinking that melissandrae might force him to do a punish walk...
5157	Fuse Prime	2013-04-08	I think 3 and 6 will definitely happen.  I 'm guessing all six could actually happen in this episode.  I'm sort of thinking Dany's "Dracarys" scene might happen at the end of the episode...if not then it'll definitely happen in episode four.
5158	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-09	I think 3 and 6 will definitely happen.  I 'm guessing all six could actually happen in this episode.  I'm sort of thinking Dany's "Dracarys" scene might happen at the end of the episode...if not then it'll definitely happen in episode four.I was thinking that at first too, but its looking less and less likely in way of giving Jaime's hand scene the cliffhanger for the episode. I may be wrong though, but remember Dany still has to have a few scenes with Missandei and the Slave guy before that scene comes to fruition. So maybe episode 4?
5159	I BLAME MANCE	2013-04-09	I would bet money it's Sam trekking towards Craster's keep and shanking the Other/White Walker. Plus something to do with Jaime--either losing his hand, or getting pushed towards Harrenhal with Brienne and tormented along the way.agree with you there. sam's walk of punishment, who seems to struggle with walking. in the episode preview theon was on a horse so its more like his ride of punishment.
5160	tito5601	2013-04-10	i read on this forum that some ppl think theon will get raped, that is some form of punishment
5161	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-11	i read on this forum that some ppl think theon will get raped, that is some form of punishmentWell the books loosely suggest Theon had his genitila mutliated so I suppose rape isnt too unbelievable!
5162	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	Well the books loosely suggest Theon had his genitila mutliated so I suppose rape isnt too unbelievable!I think the 
	Spoiler attempted rape is more or less 100% confirmed from WiC spoilers
 ... honestly, the more thought I give Theon and Ramsay, the more I feel like there is a dark sexual aspect anyway ... I mean, someone tell me WHY he was involving Theon in his wedding night / sexy times with his wife???  Why else would he be so obsessed with Theon? I know part of it is just cruel sadism, but there's obviously a sexual aspect to that for Ramsay (as evidence by his raping of the girls).
5163	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-11	I think the 
	Spoiler attempted rape is more or less 100% confirmed from WiC spoilers
 ... honestly, the more thought I give Theon and Ramsay, the more I feel like there is a dark sexual aspect anyway ... I mean, someone tell me WHY he was involving Theon in his wedding night / sexy times with his wife???  Why else would he be so obsessed with Theon? I know part of it is just cruel sadism, but there's obviously a sexual aspect to that for Ramsay (as evidence by his raping of the girls).Ramsay is a sick bugger who enjoys degrading people.Remember he thinks his wife is Arya so he believes he is forcing THeon to go down on his adoptive sister!All part of the power trip for Ramsay!
					
					
							Edited by I'll pay the iron price, 11 April 2013 - 02:12 PM.
5164	BananaSpice	2013-04-11	Ramsay is a sick bugger who enjoys degrading people.Remember he thinks his wife is Arya so he believes he is forcing THeon to go down on his adoptive sister!All part of the power trip for Ramsay!lol, I don't think Ramsay has any delusions that Jeyne is really Arya ... I thought Roose and Ramsay and Theon knew for sure it wasn't her, but they are "fooling" the Northmen (who are suspicious, but let it go b/c Theon vouches for her ... and the Boltons are the most powerful now).  It could definitely just be a sick sadistic thing, but it's just so weird.
5165	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-11	I'm surprised so many people are thinking Jaime will lose his hand so early in the season. I'd think that would be more toward the end of the season. :/
5166	Hellfell	2013-04-12	I'm surprised so many people are thinking Jaime will lose his hand so early in the season. I'd think that would be more toward the end of the season. :/its confirmed for ep.3 there is no "thinking" here
5167	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-12	I think the 
	Spoiler attempted rape is more or less 100% confirmed from WiC spoilers
 ... That is going to be horrible... Alfie Allen has a knack of evoking sympathy even in the most mundane scenes, it's going to be very disturbing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
5168	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-12	I'd also say the title refers to the tortured slaves Dany is shown in Astapor, (in the book, horrible things like people who looked striped like zebras because they'd been flayed in strips and the strips were covered with flies /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />.)
But as with many of the epi titles, it will refer to other storylines as well. There's plenty of punishment to go around /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />!
					
					
							Edited by Frey Pie a la Mode, 12 April 2013 - 03:08 PM.
5169	Tyrion4President	2013-04-12	Yea, I keep thinking of Cersei's Walk of Shame as well. But I think its about Theon, so I would say #3. I think we will finally meet Ramsay too (ugh, I hate that character). I think he will severely humiliate Theon before he starts flaying/torturing him.I actually think Ramsay is the most cold harded mofo in all of asoiaf
5170	KoishNoish	2013-04-12	By the looks of it (that's to say from the promo) it's going to concern Ramsay and his tormenting of Theon. Also pretty sure that Jamie's hand is gonna come of, we know he's in this from the promo (or at least there's defo Brienne and how can you have a Brienne scene without Jamie here?). We know there's gonna be Dany so perhaps there's going to be showing the punishment of the Unsullied (as someone else said) or perhaps Barristan and Jorah are going to be at odds, neither likes the other very much in the books will it be the same here? Then King's Landing, is Joffrey going to be punished by Tywin? Is Tyrion or Cersei going to face their father's wroth? Personally these are all the possibilities I'm seeing. Also in the last episode Cat had the Jon Snow scene (horrid IMO) but she said she felt that she was being punished by the Gods for not holding up her promise and raising Jon in the same regard as her true born children. Perhaps there was some slight foreshadowing there? Also think the punishment could be applied to Edmure Tully by Robb. There's a small bit where he says he could 'have your head on a spike'. Is he speaking to Edmure? All will be revealed in time I suppose.
5171	BananaSpice	2013-04-12	That is going to be horrible... Alfie Allen has a knack of evoking sympathy even in the most mundane scenes, it's going to be very disturbing /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />OMG you're telling me ... he was only in a few minutes last week and my heart was just breaking. JEEZ, his delivery of the line "I'll tell you anything" was perfect /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  If this keeps up, there may be tears for real!
5172	Ser Ansett	2013-04-13	Definitely 3 and 6. Still can't wrap my mind around the title, keep thinking about Cersei's Walk of Shame.Exactly.  I at first thought we would see some rando woman do a Walk of Shame as kind of a foreshadowing for Cersei or something.
5173	KingSlayerofCape	2013-04-13	I think it has to be 6...for sure. I have a strong inclination the episode will end right as his hand is being chopped off and then pick up maybe next week or the week after...which is going to suck.
5174	RememberTheNorth	2013-04-14	I'd also say the title refers to the tortured slaves Dany is shown in Astapor, (in the book, horrible things like people who looked striped like zebras because they'd been flayed in strips and the strips were covered with flies /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />.)But as with many of the epi titles, it will refer to other storylines as well. There's plenty of punishment to go around /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />!I agree. It's always amazing to me how they pick titles that are so open ended to several storylines. For example, the "A Golden Crown" season 1 episode could have referred to Joffrey's "golden crown" of hair despite being a supposed Baratheon, or it could have referred to Drogo pouring molten gold all over Vasirys' stupid idiot head.
5175	lostinwesteros	2013-04-14	Settling on the one I think it'll be, I'll say Jaime walking from the bridge, where we saw him captured at the end of last episode, to the horrible place where his hand is cut off (which, as someone else posted, seems likely to be the last scene in the episode).
If not that one, then I go with Theon's walk back from the point of his re-capture by Ramsay.
5176	Carey Snow	2013-04-14	I hope that they make the connection that when Jaime loses his hand that it is karmic for when he pushed Bran out the window.
